The paper on Purely Functional Lazy Non-deterministic Programming describes an approach to model lazy functional logic programming in Haskell via explicit sharing of monadic effects .
The corresponding project page explains how to install and use our code .
There are two issues at play in the intense , fascinating and potentially very dangerous debate taking place between President Obama and former Vice President Dick Cheney .
The first – less interesting than the second but still pretty riveting – is political .
In their dueling speeches on Thursday , Obama and Cheney laid out sharply contrasting views on how American society should deal with terrorism .
Obama talked of the rule of law , even delivering the speech in the National Archives , standing directly in front of framed original copies of the US constitution and bill of rights .
The president methodically – he had a list of three decisions he'd made , and a second list of five categories of detainees –placed the issue within a legal framework .
His critics on the left will remain his critics , especially since he slammed the door pretty firmly shut on an independent commission to investigate past abuses , for example , but at least he explained his legal reasoning .
Cheney , on the other hand , went right for the jugular .
He talked , and talked , about 9/11 ( funny though , not about Iraq ) .
He threw punches at liberals .
He took a huge swipe at the New York Times ( no doubt ensuring that a higher percentage of the paper 's dwindling investigative resources will be devoted to the pursuit of Cheney ) .
He strafed Obama repeatedly .
He echoed Barry Goldwater 's famous line about how in the pursuit of liberty , moderation is no virtue , saying : " In the fight against terrorism , there is no middle ground … half measures keep you half exposed . "
I 'm guessing it was probably semi-effective .
It was also a completely dishonest pack of lies .
Lawrence O'Donnell , one of the post - speech cable television commentators , twice used the word " sleazy " to describe Cheney 's speech , and sleazy is a good word for it .
He said Obama refuses to use the word " terrorist , " a word he'd just used in his speech .
He mumbled something about how Obama wants to make the American people pay for terrorists ' meals and pajamas ( in federal prisons ) , somehow forgetting that the American people have been doing exactly that with regard to Guantanamo detainees for years now , while he was in office .
For Obama , one of the political goals of his speech was to try to get congress to reverse itself and restore funding for the closure of Guantanamo .
I thought he made the case pretty well , but the Senate voted against him 90 - 6 .
That 's a lot of minds to change .
So we 'll see .
But the second issue here is psychological , and this cuts much deeper than politics .
Cheney wants Americans to live in fear .
He believes that we should be living in more or less constant fear of another attack .
I suppose it probably occurred to him over the years that , when a people are whipped into a fearful state , they tend to hand their leaders more power .
But now he 's out of office , so this can't be his motivation .
I think it 's just how he sees the world .
Obama wants to move people beyond fear .
" If we continue to make decisions from within a climate of fear , " he said , " we will make more mistakes . "
Are the American people up to this ?
More to the point – and more depressing to consider – are Washington politicians ?
We will find out as this debate plays out .
In either case , this argument is a long way from being settled .
Cheney will see to that .
He 'll stir the pot the moment he sees the contents settling .
But he 's really pushing it .
Let 's cut to the chase :
If , God forbid , there is another terrorist attack on America , Cheney has with this speech ensured that rather than uniting behind the sitting administration – as conservatives insisted we all must do eight years ago – this country will be torn in two .
That 's a very toxic and dangerous game , and it certainly wo n't make for a stronger country .
Now who 's playing politics with national security ?
The Financial Rear - View Mirror
The more things change … the more they stay the same .
Unfortunately , people do n’t figure that out until some distance has been put between them and the situation in question .
Take Japan for example .
For the last few years , Bill has been warning that the United States is entering a long , slow slump , ala Japan .
But people refused to see the similarities … but now that they are staring us in the face , it ’s hard to look the other way .
The parallels are startling .
In 1992 , then - Japanese Prime Minister Miyazawa wanted to help the banking system with public funds ( read : a bailout ) , but public sentiment was strongly against it .
16 years later , U.S. officials found themselves facing a credit crunch of epic proportions – and responded with the largest injection of liquidity the U.S. markets had ever seen .
And the parallels continue .
This is why – as points out Bill , in the ‘ highlight of week ’ essay , which we have excerpted below – it is so important to always be looking in the rear - view mirror … so we are n’t doomed to make the same mistakes over and over again :
“ ‘ In economics , ’ begins the Wikipedia description , ‘ hyperinflation is inflation that is very high or out of control …
Hyperinflation is often associated with wars ( or their aftermath ) , economic depressions , and political or social upheavals .
In both classical economics and monetarism , it is always the result of the monetary authority irresponsibly borrowing money to pay all its expenses . ’
“ Who ’s the biggest borrower today ?
The United States of America .
At 12 % of GDP , its deficit is more than twice as large as that of France .
It already owes Japan and China as much as Germany owed its former enemies in reparations – adjusted to today ’s money .
But America ’s debts are far grander than those of Germany in 1923 – even relative to the size of the US economy .
Where Germany owed a little over $ 1 trillion ; America – if you include private debt , official government debt , off - budget obligations and internal commitments – owes 100 times as much .
And the United States keeps borrowing more .
In a single year – 2009 – it will borrow $ 1.3 trillion , again , just shy of the debt that sank the Weimar Republic .
“ While the private sector during the bubble years brought U.S. debts to a record 3.7 times the entire nation ’s output , now it ’s the public sector that does the borrowing .
The Obama Administration is adding to the accumulated U.S. debt at a suicidal pace – 4 times faster than the record set just last year .
And America ’s central bank hands the borrower a loaded pistol ; it is adding bank reserves – which allow the money supply to expand geometrically – at a 4,500 % rate .
“ That last number is not a typo .
It ’s an alarm .
If the Federal Reserve were a heart patient , the defibrillators would be on already .
If it were a normal bank , it would be closed down immediately .
“ But neither Karl Helferich nor Ben Bernanke set out to ruin their economies .
Central bankers do n’t do it intentionally ; they do it inevitably .
Not because they want to , but because they have to .
Like the Germans in the ’ 20s , America has no politically acceptable way to pay her growing debts – except by printing more money .
And now , her leading intellectuals urge her on .
Cometh the hour when the feds begin to think about cutting back on their program of inflation , cometh the experts who will tell them to keep at it .
“ The crisis seems to be easing , and a chorus of critics is already demanding that the Federal Reserve and the Obama administration abandon their rescue efforts , ” writes Nobel winning economist Paul Krugman in the New York Times this week .
“ Those demands should be ignored .
It ’s much too soon to give up on policies that have …pulled us a few inches back from the abyss . ”
“ ‘ It ’s déjà vu all over again , ’ he concludes , referring to the Japanese in the ’90s and the Americans in the ’30s .
In both cases , he thinks their economies died because they turned off the juice too soon . ”
The above is just an excerpt from Bill ’s standout essay from this week .
You can read it in its entirety here .
BNP leader Nick Griffin had to abandon a press conference outside the Houses of Parliament today after protesters barracked him and threw eggs .
Shouting " off our streets Nazi scum " , the demonstrators chased him down the street to his car .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Griffin , who was yesterday elected an MEP for the North West of England , was guided to his vehicle by his bodyguards and quickly drove off .
Mr Griffin arrived for the press conference on College Green in front of Parliament with fellow newly - elected BNP MEP Andrew Brons just after 2.30 pm .
Mr Griffin started by attacking articles from today 's newspapers that criticised him and his party .
He had only been speaking for a few minutes when the protesters appeared , chanting and waving banners reading : " Stop the fascist BNP . "
Eggs were thrown at Mr Griffin and his tough - looking bodyguards bundled him away through the crowd .
The demonstrators kicked and hit his car with their placards before cheering as he drove off .
Protest organiser Weyman Bennett , national secretary of Unite Against Fascism , said he believed it was important to stand up to the BNP .
He said : " The majority of people did not vote for the BNP , they did not vote at all .
" The BNP was able to dupe them into saying that they had an answer to people 's problems .
" They presented themselves as a mainstream party .
" The reality was because the turnout was so low , they actually got elected . "
The Kyoto Box is a cardboard box , with an interior that 's painted black , aluminum foil - covered top panels , and covered with clear acrylic .
It gets hot enough to boil water .
Its inventor , Kenyan - based Jon Bohmer , won a £ 51,000 prize from the Forum for the Future .
The box will be produced in a factory in Nairobi .
He told CNN : " This took me about a weekend , and it worked on the first try .
It 's mind - boggling how simple it is . "
Inventor turns cardboard boxes into eco-friendly oven
Marxists are full of visions .
Marxism is more poetry , in fact , than it is politics .
Marxists have a tendency to wax on endlessly about the transformation of the human condition as they expound on one revolutionary idea after another .
Marxists offer up fantasies , daydreams , wishful thinking , social causes , the fulfillment of human aspirations , and other poetic advice that turns up the emotional burner but offers no substance whatsoever .
One only needs to turn to the pages of The Nation to catch a glimpse of the cutting edge in visionary fluff .
William Greider , author of Who Will Tell the People ? , has affirmed the magazine ’s totalitarian agenda in a recent article for The Nation called " The Future of the American Dream . "
In this article , Greider outlined a plan for a form of centrally planned “ soft ” tyranny that he refers to as the right to " engage more expansively the elemental possibilities of human existence . "
If you are concerned that you do n’t quite understand what that means , worry not , because collectivist agitprop cannot ever be translated into sentences that can be defined .
Greider ’s soft tyranny , in this case , means that the government is not to overtly plan and direct the economy , but instead it shall “ provide platforms ” ( I smell a decree ) and “ encourage change ” ( assure people that force is for the social good and thus is a net positive ) .
However , in the end , anyone with half their brain tied behind their back ( sorry , Rush ) can clearly see that Greider ’s recommendations require the full force of government jack boots in order to bring forth his vision of the " American Dream . "
Greider sets an amazing course , here , by claiming that people need to be set free to make choices and innovate , and then he proceeds to outline a program for government intervention to force choices and lifestyles that are politically correct and socially responsible .
Now for some further deconstruction of some preposterous Greiderisms .
Greider claims to favor “ the right of all citizens to larger lives . ”
In typical Marxist terminology , he refers to this as his " grand vision . "
What does that mean ?
Is a life quantitatively measurable in size and scope ?
He explains that his " large life " means “ not to get richer than the next guy or necessarily to accumulate more and more stuff but the right to live life more fully and engage more expansively the elemental possibilities of human existence . "
He goes on to say that people are pushed aside by an oppressive economic system built on a model of profit and loss , thus " our common moral verities have been trashed in the name of greater returns .
The softer aspects of mortal experience are diminished because life itself is not tabulated in the economic system ’s accounting . ”
Not only is such gibberish deliberately incomprehensible , but in Greiderian terms , this means that a greater , all - knowing force should decide each individual ’s course in life by re-directing the economy so that the larger needs of the nation ’s collective citizenry — or sacrificial lambs — can be properly satisfied by The Deciders , for only they can define and shape this “ larger life . ”
People who seek to alleviate their individual uncertainties and obtain goods and services they deem desirable are living small lives by comparison .
Greider also refers to “ the dignity of self - directed lives . ”
He says , “ At work , at home and in the public sphere , most people lack the right to exercise much of a voice in the decisions governing their daily lives .
Most people ( not all ) are subject to a system of command and control over their destinies .
They know the risks of ignoring the orders from above . ”
He then poses the feel - good question of the day : “ Can we imagine an economic system that is not organized on the principle of command and control , on the few giving orders to the many ? ”
Command and control , then , is his dismissive label for the inherently oppressive nature of a free market economy that allows individuals the freedom to pursue the objects of their desire .
But I thought that Greider purports to support individuals shaping their own lives with their own decisions ?
Actually , Greider does n’t think much of a market economy that offers abundance and choice because he does n’t believe that mere humans have the ability to think for themselves and know what they want or what they should want .
Their decisions , as individuals , are only legitimate when made within a precise set of parameters determined by public policy .
He then proceeds to advocate his prescription for a collective spiritual renovation that amounts to an entire program for totalitarian government programs through intervention and massive redistribution .
This statement on his part is an indication of his intentions : “ What ’s needed in American life is a redefinition of “ life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . ” …
With a little help and less interference from Washington , Americans can similarly reinvent the society . ”
Marxists like Greider have no problem being forthcoming about the need to redefine , revamp , or redistribute in order to accomplish their agenda of redistribution and equality of outcome .
Human lives are never individual — they should be collectively assembled and shaped into some form that best suits the grandiose ideals of the visionary Philosopher Kings .
Life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness are individual pursuits , which is why Greider points to the need for redefining such an outdated concept .
He wants more help from Washington ( meaning intervention ) , yet in the same breath he calls for less interference ( meaning intervention ) .
He says that government should " provide platforms ” and encourage change .
He states , “ One important condition government can provide is the platform of “ essential needs ” that will give everyone more security and therefore more confidence to explore new and different choices , ” and follows that with , “ Can we imagine , for instance , a country that is virtually without poor children ? ”
This means : Imagine a country where individuals do not get to keep the fruits of their labor , but rather , it gets redistributed to the do - nots by the welfare mobocracy .
But it ’s in the name of " the children . ”
That makes theft sappy and warm , and thus it is acceptable .
He also establishes that every American has the right to a job : “ First , every American who is willing and able ought to have the right to a job that pays a livable wage .
If the private sector will not provide these jobs , then the public sector should be the employer of last resort . ”
He says this would be “ enormously expensive , ” but hey , it sounds good , and big tyranny starts with small steps .
Additionally , Greider is adamant that government should " redistribute the costs of recession so that all taxpayers would share the burden as a public obligation . ”
Is that the new dignity for self - directed lives that he spoke of earlier ?
Who gets to choose who is burdened unfairly , who is not , and what will equalize the suffering ?
Perhaps Greider ’s most remarkable vision is his desire to use government to re-make the nature of corporate ownership .
He suggests a government - employee takeover of corporate organization so that “ innovation ” can be directed toward that which our Senior Planners deem to be innovative and necessary , as opposed to the free market economy innovating that which consumers demand and therefore purchase .
Greider says , “ When most people go to work , they submit to a master - servant relationship in which a few people determine everyone else ’s behavior and most employees are denied a voice in the matter and have no right to object or criticize . ”
While I think that many managers are morons , and they get there for all the wrong reasons , Greider is whining about the structure of authority and therefore demands that absolute equality be forced in the workplace .
There should be no private businesses with a voluntary and appointed managerial hierarchy .
He wants that system to be replaced by a workplace democracy where every idiot — no matter what his or her ability — has a politically enabled right to contribute to the running of the business organization .
Specifically , he calls for what he terms the “ social corporation . ”
This type of organization will “ lead the way for social values ” and will displace “ old - line corporations adhering to their narrower values that enforce the supremacy of profit over society .
The social corporations could be chartered by government and given certain benefits .
To pursue a different set of values , they may need some protections in their infancy and perhaps modest start - up subsidies , and exemptions from the usual rules , but most of them would be independent and privately owned . ”
Oh — fascism !
A government - private , involuntary partnership where businesses are “ privately - owned ” but chartered , regulated , directed , and run by government diktat .
He tells us that the purpose of the government ’s social corporations “ is not to replace orthodox companies but to put real market pressures [ read : coercion via decree ] on them to change .
Creating social enterprises , including nonprofit cooperatives , can liberate us from the political vetoes business interests exert over promising new ideas . ”
Thus we ’ll replace the political vetoes of the corporate state — where business is empowered by government in exchange for money and favors — with the political vetoes of the purely political state .
And then there ’s the Wal - Mart law : “ Another crucial objective is to limit the size of business organizations , including social corporations , in line with E.F.
Schumacher ’s famous dictum “ Small is beautiful . ”
The bloated scale of America ’s leading corporations has become a major impediment to innovation and experimental reforms [ read : a government - led social laboratory ] , not to mention a corrupting influence in politics . ”
Of course , to Greider , Wal - Mart ’s inventory system and pricing policies are not innovative , nor do they provide Americans with social benefits such as jobs and goods they want and need .
But entrepreneurial innovation is not what Marxists like Greider care about — he ultimately wants government to develop and direct social policy that will legislate individual lives toward the fulfillment of the goals of the equalitarian prophets .
In fact , Greider ’s use of the term “ limit the size ” smells like another decree to me .
Another intervention in the name of “ less interference from government . ”
Greider does n’t disappoint : “ Revived antitrust laws could simply prohibit the concentration of economic power as a threat to social values as well as to healthy competition . ”
And I never thought we needed to revive them because we had let them die .
Antitrust laws are alive and well , Mr. Greider .
A last Marxist pitch from Greider before he puts down his crack pipe : “ We need many more financial intermediaries to allocate capital and credit and demonstrate more respect for society ’s needs . …
It means supporting and protecting the small and adventurous financial firms founded on commitments to social responsibility . ”
A financial intermediary means a central planner running a social laboratory —
Greider thinks this system can more appropriately allocate capital and credit , especially since the social intermediaries will define what it is that people need , should have , and must do .
So the social intermediaries direct the financial intermediaries based on their consensus decisions about how the little peon peoples shall lead a socially responsible and politically correct life that conforms to the decided - upon spiritual ideal .
Capital and credit , then , would be redistributed from unapproved businesses and businessmen to " socially responsible " businesses and political cronies .
Some people think it is fun to plan out other peoples ’ lives like they are part of a Fisher - Price farm play set .
Predictably , Greider calls all of his visions for a neatly planned American order “ daydreams . ”
Dreams maybe , but they ’re wet ones .
Greider is a one - option pony who props up the omnipotent state as our spiritual leader , with a whole host of committees , approvers , correctors , and planners playing the part of alter boys .
So therein lays Greider ’s “ larger life . ”
We need smaller corporations to produce goods and services that people do n’t want , and a larger government to plan , direct , rule , deny , approve , decide , deride , and force .
This will allow people the dignity of self - directed lives , it will free them from a command - and - control life , and it will spiritually enable them to live lives that they really want to live , but have been too stupid to figure it out without the spiritual guidance of a select group of self - aggrandizing , empowered , elitist , nepotistic , imperious government planners .
The Best of Karen De Coster
Nearly 370 farms in Britain are still restricted in the way they use land and rear sheep because of radioactive fallout from the Chernobyl nuclear power station accident 23 years ago , the government has admitted .
Environmentalists have seized on the figures as proof of the enormous dangers posed by nuclear power as the UK moves towards building a new generation of plants around the country .
Dawn Primarolo , minister for health , revealed 369 farms and 190,000 sheep were affected , but pointed out this was a tiny number compared with the immediate impact of radioactive fallout from Ukraine .
" This represents a reduction of over 95 % since 1986 , when approximately 9,700 farms and 4,225,000 sheep were under restriction across the United Kingdom .
All restrictions in Northern Ireland were lifted in 2000 , " she added .
Critics of the nuclear industry expressed alarm at the latest numbers , which they believed would increase public unease about the highly toxic and long - term impact of radioactivity .
David Lowry , a member of Nuclear Waste Advisory Associates , said the figures demonstrated the " unforgiving hazards " of radioactivity dispersed into the environment , whether from Chernobyl in Ukraine , thousands of miles away and 23 years ago , or over decades from the Faslane nuclear submarine base in Scotland , as revealed by the Guardian last month .
" Ministers like to describe nuclear power as ' clean and green ' , as they press for up to 11 new reactors to be built across England and Wales .
But these latest figures on Chernobyl fallout gives the lie to these claims .
" Any breach of containment accident at Sellafield 's high activity liquid radioactive waste storage tanks would release many times the radioactivity released in the Chernobyl accident .
And these tanks had an under - reported loss of coolant a month ago , so we have been warned , " he added .
Paul Dorfman , a former government adviser and a senior research fellow at the University of Warwick , was also concerned .
" Despite all the reassurances from government about nuclear safety ahead of a new civil nuclear programme in Britain , the latest revelations about the continuing Chernobyl legacy show the dangerous reality of atomic power , " he said .
The Ukraine explosion and fire was the biggest nuclear accident ever .
In its aftermath 237 people suffered from acute radiation sickness , of whom 31 died within the first three months .
Accurate statistics on the wider health problems have been hard to ascertain because the Soviet authorities of the time refused to provide details .
More than 130,000 people were resettled from the immediate area and experts say there should be no farming there for at least 200 years .
The Food Standards Agency said the release of radiocaesium - 137 in upland areas of Britain is still able to pass easily from soil to grass and accumulate in sheep .
The European Commission imposed a maximum limit of 1,000 becquerels per kilogram ( bq / k ) of radiocaesium in sheep meat affected by the accident to protect consumers .
Under a " mark and release " scheme in the restricted areas , a farmer wishing to move animals out of the area must have them monitored by a hand - held device .
" Any sheep that exceed the working action level are marked with dye and are not released from restrictions , " said a spokesman , who added that mass summer surveys of sheep are performed at farms where there is confidence that restrictions are no longer needed .
Huw Alun Evans 's farm , Hengwrt Uchaf in north Wales , is one of the 369 inside one restricted area .
Thousands of his sheep have been scanned for more than two decades .
Evans 's animals have failed radiation tests if they have been on higher ground , but the danger levels drop after they have been brought down to graze on lower pastures .
He says : " I remember a meeting with civil servants at the time [ 1986 ] and got the impression they thought it would be short - lived .
No -one had any idea it would go on this long . "
Revelations about the continuing impact of the Chernobyl accident come weeks after three different sites were bought in auction by EDF and other power companies for building new atomic plants in Britain .
The sites at Bradwell in Essex , Wylfa in Anglesey and Hinkley Point in Somerset were auctioned for £ 400 m by the Nuclear Decommissioning Authority .
A similar process is expected to start shortly for land near the huge Sellafield nuclear complex in Cumbria , as the government moves to put in place new electricity generating plants to provide relatively low - carbon power and bolster domestic energy sources at a time when old atomic stations are nearing the end of their lives .
Al Gore won a Nobel Prize in 2007 for his environmental work
The former US vice president , Al Gore , is backing the creation of a new green .eco domain name .
Dot Eco applied to create the domain which would then be used to host sites supporting environmental causes .
" This is a truly exciting opportunity for the environmental movement and for the internet as a whole , " said Mr Gore .
Dot Eco plans to apply to ICANN - the regulatory body that oversees domain names - for the creation of .eco later in 2009 .
Al Gore , who won a Nobel Peace Prize in 2007 for his campaign on climate change and an Oscar for his film An Inconvenient Truth - a documentary about global warming - is the co-founder and chair of the Alliance for Climate Protection .
Dot Eco said it had entered into an " integrated partnership " with Gore 's group to secure the .eco domain .
" We fully support Dot Eco in its efforts to secure the .eco top level domain through the ICANN application and look forward to working with them to promote .eco , " said Mr Gore .
The firm said proceeds from the registration would be used to fund research on climate change and other environmental issues .
No summer is complete without some alfresco cooking on the barbie surrounded by your nearest and dearest but forget burnt sausages and frazzled burgers - it 's time to make your coal cooking fancy .
New Zealand Lamb has maintained its position as a firm family favourite throughout the generations , earning itself a reputation for consistency and quality .
Not only is it free range , and one of the healthiest red meats there is , but 99 per cent is transported by ship , so even the greenest of us can rest easy .
For a delicious meal guaranteed to tantalise the taste buds of all your guests and turn your BBQ into a culinary delight rather than a gastro disaster , New Zealand Lamb is this summer ’s BBQ must have .
To help you on your way to a successful BBQ bonanza New Zealand Lamb are giving you the chance to win a fantastic Weber barbeque to help you impress all your family and friends with your culinary prowess in time for Summer .
To get your hands on this great prize just answer the question below :
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
What is the capital of New Zealand ?
Click here to email your answer - please include your phone number and home address in your entry .
Competition closes 15 July 2009 .
Click here for competition terms and conditions
For more great summer recipes visit www.nzlambrecipes.info.
Last Thursday the British public queued at their polling stations to quietly and politely lay three ticking bombs under British politics .
If we do n't hear the tick - tock and steadily defuse the voters ' anger , the eventual blasts will damage Britain for decades to come .
The first shelf - full of Semtex was aimed at the Prime Minister .
I hate talking about politics in terms of personalities , and I find the vindictive tone towards Gordon Brown – booing him at a D - Day commemoration ?
– unpleasant .
But we can't live in a fantasy world .
Brown has turned out to be electoral kryptonite .
Labour has just taken its lowest share of the vote since 1910 , before the First World War – and if it keeps on marching in the same jerky formation , it is heading for a political Somme .
The reasons why the Brown stuff has hit the fan have to be understood properly .
The attempts to take Brown down have come almost exclusively from the Blairite wing of the Labour Party – people like Stephen Byers , Hazel Blears and Charles Clarke .
They have always thought Brown was too left - wing , and now grasp for his few tiny millimetre - shuffles towards social democracy as explanation for his failure .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But this is surreal .
Gordon Brown has failed because he has been paralysed , unable to take any substantial decisions at all – except to keep drifting in a Blairite direction .
With the honourable exception of using the state to stop the banks collapsing , he has carried on with hardline Blairism : building more airports , trying to part - privatise the Post Office , and apologising profusely to millionaires for his meagre tax rise , even though 68 per cent of the public support it .
In reality , he has failed because of a double - whammy : he has continued with lousy and unpopular right - wing policies , and he sells them appallingly .
If he remains as Labour leader , he will hand the country to David Cameron , who will dismantle the few good left - wing policies that snuck through New Labour – tax credits , SureStart , Educational Maintenance Allowances .
The Independent 's poll shows that Alan Johnson can stop the haemorraghing and confine Cameron to a hung parliament , where he will be able to do far less damage .
Labour would need more commitments from Johnson that he will respond to the recession - heavy mood for greater social democracy – but it would be an act of political self - harm to stay with Brown .
It is sad for his political career to end like this , but it will be much sadder to be poor in a Cameron - led Britain .
In the name of Gord , go .
The second bomb came crashing in from the extreme right – the BNP – whic now has two MEPs , both with records of extreme bigotry .
Nick Griffin has bragged about how much he learned from Adolf Hitler 's Mein Kampf , while as a young man Andrew Brons joined the National Socialist Movement , set up on Hitler 's birthday as a tribute to him .
But it is not the case that 10 per cent of people in Yorkshire are sympathetic to Holocaust - denying lunatics .
No : they were overwhelmingly skint young white men who would , a generation ago , have formed the Labour core vote .
They are angry about low wages and chronic shortage of housing – and simply telling them they are bigots wo n't get us very far .
Any conversation with BNP voters has to begin by agreeing that they are right to be angry about both subjects .
There is a housing scandal in Britain today .
In the 1980s , the revenues from council house sales were squandered by Margaret Thatcher on tax cuts for the rich , instead of being used to build more social housing .
Labour allowed social housing construction to fall even further .
We now have a housing drought , leaving hundreds of thousands of people stuck in cramped , damp homes .
Similarly , our minimum wage is one of the lowest in the developed world .
Tax credits are good , but today they only go to people with families : the rest watch their wages sink .
Only once this is agreed should the conversation move on to the fact there is a more effective and more deserving outlet for their rage than other poor people with different pigmentation .
The white working class has a shared interest with black and Asian people in demanding higher taxes on the wealthy – and less squandering of cash on pointless projects like Trident and ID .
cards – to lift up everyone stuck at the bottom .
But what mainstream party has advocated that for years ?
In the absence of any socialism , we will see its antithesis , National Socialism , rise as a nasty intimidating fringe .
If we want to choke this off , we need to deal with the real issues it feeds on .
The third bomb is the rising rejection of the European Union .
We have now reached a point where Britain 's governing party has been beaten by an organisation whose sole purpose is to yank us out of the EU .
This undercurrent is tugging at the entire political system : the Tories in the European Parliament are now withdrawing from their alliance with Angela Merkel , Nicolas Sarkozy and the rest of the European centre - right , and cobbling together a coalition of Polish gay - bashers , Czech global warming deniers , and assorted Europe - hating loons to sit with .
Cameron 's Tories would form the most anti-European government in living memory : they even voted against European co-operation to track down child molesters .
How long can we spit at the 450 - million - strong trading block on our borders , with which we do 60 percent of our business , before it has consequences ?
How long can we try to kick out the foundations of unprecedented peace in Europe before it begins to crack ?
This can't go on .
The Liberal Democrats – a lonely , brave British voice in defence of Europe – have been arguing for years that we need a rerun of the 1975 referendum : should we stay or should we go ?
The arguments for Europe – and the real cost of leaving – would be drawn into the open .
The case would become clear at last .
Since the majority of our trade is with the EU , after withdrawing we would have to abide by almost all its rules anyway to be allowed to sell to them – but we would n't have any influence on drawing them up .
Think of it as the United Kingdom Isolation Party , where we wo n't even be on the sidelines ; we'd be outside the stadium , on an empty street .
So we would gain little , but we would suffer horrible self - inflicted wounds .
Three million jobs would melt away to a Europe that would now be wrapped away behind tariff walls .
The millions of Brits living elsewhere in the EU – one million in Spain alone – would be left stranded , and have to come home , or apply for immigration rights they were no longer entitled to .
Our ability to shape the future of the world , especially on global warming and foreign affairs , would be dramatically diminished .
Our ability to reform the very real flaws within the EU would be gone .
And we would have helped to bring down an extraordinary political project that shows the world that even the most bloody and war - ravaged continent can pool its sovereignty and live together in peace .
The electorate just booted Brown , brown - shirt nostalgists and browning - off Europe to the top of Britain 's agenda .
The ticking will only get louder if we try to brush these bombs under the Westminster carpet – and carry on as if the people have not spoken .
j.hari@independent.co.uk
Marie Osmond , whose gay daughter was just outed by the tabloids , was initially said to be a gay marriage foe based on her Mormon beliefs .
She called Los Angeles radio station KOST 103.5 to clear things up : “ Everybody should have the right to share homes and finances with somebody that they care about .
On those types of things , I ’m very supportive .
When it comes to marriage , I think that civil rights need to be for all .
…
One of the things that we need to be careful is that we do n’t create hate , because people believe certain things .
And we ca n’t make everyone become homogenized .
Everybody has a right to believe what they believe .
I do think everybody has a right to have civil rights .
That ’s how I feel . ”
Tech myths can be difficult to spot because we can never really know the limits of such ever - changing technology .
Are there limits to the powers of the internet , Facebook and video games ?
To learn more about such topics , check out these articles .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement The Church of Scientology has gone on trial in the French capital , Paris , accused of organised fraud .
The case centres on a complaint by a woman who says she was pressured into paying large sums of money after being offered a free personality test .
The church , which is fighting the charges , denies that any mental manipulation took place .
France regards Scientology as a sect , not a religion , and the organisation could be banned if it loses the case .
It is the first time the church has appeared as a defendant in a fraud case in France .
Previous court cases have involved individual Scientologists .
Books and medication
The Church says it cannot be responsible for individuals
The woman at the centre of this case says she was approached by church members in Paris more than 10 years ago , and offered a free personality test .
But , she says , she ended up spending 21,000 euros ( $ 29,400 , £ 18,400 ) on lessons , books and medicines she was told would cure her poor mental state .
Her lawyers are arguing that the church systematically seeks to make money by means of mental pressure and the use of scientifically dubious " cures " .
A lawyer for the church , Patrick Maisonneuve , said : " We will contest every charge and prove that there was no mental manipulation . "
The church 's spokeswoman in France said it was being " hounded " by the French courts and that its members were facing persecution .
Scientology was founded in the United States in the 1954 by science - fiction writer L Ron Hubbard .
High profile supporters include the Hollywood stars John Travolta and Tom Cruise .
In Germany last year , it was declared unconstitutional .
However , a Spanish court ruled that the Church of Scientology of Spain should be re-entered into the country 's register of officially recognised religions .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A decadelong effort to refurbish thousands of aging nuclear warheads has run into serious technical problems that have forced delays and exacerbated concerns about the Energy Department ’s ability to maintain the nation ’s strategic deterrent .
The program involves a type of warhead known as the W76 , which is used on the Navy ’s Trident missile system and makes up more than half of the deployed warheads in the U.S. stockpile .
The refurbishment program is aimed at replacing thousands of parts that have aged since the bombs left the factory 20 and 30 years ago .
The $ 200 - million - a - year program is a cornerstone of America ’s nuclear deterrent strategy , and the Energy Department has been under growing pressure from the military and Congress to meet tough deadlines to get the weapons ready .
Advertisement
In February , the department ’s National Nuclear Security Administration announced that the “ first refurbished W76 nuclear warhead had been accepted into the U.S. nuclear weapons stockpile by the Navy . ”
But no delivery was ever made .
The warhead is in pieces inside a production cell at the Energy Department ’s Pantex plant in Amarillo , Texas , according to an engineer at the facility .
The delay in retrofitting the warheads appears to validate long - standing concerns about an erosion of technical expertise at the Energy Department , as Cold War -era scientists and engineers retire and take with them detailed knowledge about the bombs .
Although the nation ’s nuclear weapons are functional and reliable , the W76 issue represents one of the most serious setbacks in the nuclear weapons program at least since the end of the Cold War and raises questions about the future , several experts told The Times .
Advertisement
“ I would n’t say the deterrent has been affected at all , ” said Philip Coyle , a former deputy director at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and former assistant secretary of Defense .
“ It is , however , a reminder that expertise about nuclear weapons is a precious thing and needs to be maintained . ”
He said the W76 problem underscored concerns experts have long raised about maintaining nuclear weapons decades after they were designed , manufactured and tested .
As the nation reduces the size of its stockpile under treaty agreements with Russia , he said , the reliability of the remaining weapons becomes more important .
Damien LaVera , a spokesman for the National Nuclear Security Administration , said the department had not lost its crucial skills , but he acknowledged that retaining experienced weapons scientists and training a new generation of scientists were “ an ongoing concern . ”
Advertisement
At issue with the W76 , at least in part , is a classified component that was used in the original weapon but that engineers and scientists at the Energy Department ’s plant in Oak Ridge , Tenn. , could not duplicate in a series of efforts over the last several years .
The component , known by the code word “ fogbank , ” is thought to be made of an exotic material and is crucial to a hydrogen bomb reaching its designed energy level in the microseconds before it blows apart .
The W76 is designed to release energy equal to about 100 kilotons of TNT , through both fission and fusion of atoms .
When it came time to make new batches of fogbank for the refurbishment program , the current workforce was unable to duplicate the characteristics of the batches made in the 1970s and 1980s , according to a March report by the Government Accountability Office .
Advertisement
“ I do n’t know how this happened that we forgot how to make fogbank , ” Coyle said .
“ It should not have happened , but it did . ”
Given the problems , the technical staff at the Pantex plant was stunned by the Energy Department announcement in February that the warhead had been delivered to the Navy , according to an engineer who spoke on condition of anonymity .
B&W ; Pantex , the private company that operates the plant , was still awaiting delivery of a classified part from another facility and cannot assemble the warhead , the engineer said .
Navy spokesman Lt. Clay Doss told The Times on Thursday : “ We have not received delivery of any refurbished W76 warheads .
The answer is none . ”
Advertisement
LaVera defended the accuracy of the February announcement , saying a federal council had decided to accept the final design of the weapon and therefore it was technically a part of the stockpile .
The failure of the Energy Department to actually deliver a W76 was brought to the attention of The Times by the Project on Government Oversight , a Washington - based watchdog group that has long expressed concern about poor performance at the nation ’s weapon sites .
“ NNSA gets away with producing shoddy work . . . and even lying to the public , ” said Danielle Brian , the group ’s executive director .
“ Our confidence in the stockpile cannot depend on lies . ”
The technical problems with the W76 were also partially disclosed in the report from the GAO , which said the Energy Department had failed to “ effectively manage cost , schedule and technical risks ” not only on the W76 program but on another refurbishment effort for a warhead known as the B61 .
Advertisement
In the case of the B61 , the Energy Department boasted that it had completed the job ahead of schedule and under cost , even though it sharply reduced the number of bombs that it rebuilt and curtailed the scope of the work on each bomb , the GAO said .
The cost of refurbishing each bomb doubled , the office said .
LaVera said all issues with fogbank had been resolved .
The only remaining W76 issue involves potential minor defects in its arming , fusing and firing system , the safety controls that prepare a nuclear weapon for detonation .
He said the existing design of the arming system had been certified , though the department was continuing to examine the issue .
“ It is inaccurate to say that we are unable to ship the weapons because there is an issue or problem , ” LaVera said .
Advertisement
Not everybody agrees that the fogbank problem raises broad concerns about a loss of expertise .
Since the late 1990s , the nation has embarked on a program to invest billions of dollars in scientific research to keep the old weapons viable .
The issue is highly sensitive because many arms control advocates worry that such a loss could become a rationale for a resumption of nuclear testing .
The Energy Department ’s scientific program to support the stockpile “ has done very well so far .
Most people would say it has been a terrific success , ” said Sydney Drell , a nuclear weapons expert at Stanford University .
Advertisement
The department plans to deliver the first batch of W76s in late fall , LaVera said .
That would put it about two years behind schedule , a delay that has caused logistical problems for the Navy , the GAO said .
It is not yet clear how long it will take for the department to refurbish all 2,000 warheads in its current plan , but the process of gradually taking warheads out of service , refurbishing them and returning them to service could take an additional 10 years .
--
Advertisement
ralph.vartabedian@ latimes.com
Europe ’s first artificial reef , located off the coast of Bournemouth in the U.K. , is finally nearing completion .
The $ 5 million , two and a half acre reef , originally scheduled to be finished last fall , will double the size of waves crashing onto the shore .
As a result , Bournemouth will become a surfer ’s paradise .
When the Bournemouth project is completed in October , it will become the world ’s fourth artificial reef .
The reef , designed by marine consulting company ASR Ltd. , is located 738 feet from the shoreline .
It ’s being constructed from 55 giant geo - textile bags pumped with sand and anchored to the sea bed .
Like any natural reef , Bournemouth ’s artificial structure will shape the sea ’s wave energy –in this case , into 13 foot high waves fit for surfers .
The reef ca n’t create swells by itself , but it can increase the size of already existing swells .
In addition to providing monumental waves , the artificial reef is expected to increase biodiversity off Bournemouth ’s coast .
The tourist attraction will also help revive the coast ’s economy , with a restaurant , surf shop , and 60 new beach huts being built in anticipation of the reef ’s completion .
[ Via UK Daily Mail ]
Today , I spent a large chunk of the day trying optimize a very small chunk of code .
The code takes a matrix with three rows and four columns .
It multiplies it by a vector that has three rows ( and a pretend fourth row that is set to one ) .
Here is the code that I started from :
( defun mv*-nodecl ( matrix vec )
( let ( ( ret ( make - array 3 : initial - element 0 .
0f0
: element - type ' single - float ) ) )
( loop for jj from 0 below 3
do ( setf ( aref ret jj )
( + ( aref matrix jj 3 )
( loop for ii from 0 below 3
summing ( * ( aref vec ii )
( aref matrix jj ii ) ) ) ) ) )
ret ) )
I can do four million iterations of this function in 4.113 seconds .
As such , it does n’t seem like it ’s necessarily the highest priority to optimize .
But , my Lisp optimizing fu is not so great .
This , being a small function , seemed like a good case study .
Compiler optimization without any type declarations
First , we ’ll just see how it does if we ask SBCL to optimize for speed and throw caution to the wind .
( defun mv*- nodecl - opt ( matrix vec )
( declare ( optimize ( speed 3 ) ( safety 0 ) )
( let ( ( ret ( make - array 3 : initial - element 0 .
0f0
: element - type ' single - float ) ) )
( loop for jj from 0 below 3
do ( setf ( aref ret jj )
( + ( aref matrix jj 3 )
( loop for ii from 0 below 3
summing ( * ( aref vec ii )
( aref matrix jj ii ) ) ) ) ) )
ret ) )
The compiler spits out 38 notes telling me all of the stuff it failed to optimize for me .
Then , it runs four million iterations in 3.944 seconds .
Type declarations without compiler optimizations
So , what can we tackle by declaring the types of the variables and the intermediate values ?
( declaim ( ftype ( function ( ( simple - array single - float ( 3 4 ) )
( simple - array single - float ( 3 ) ) )
( simple - array single - float ( 3 ) ) ) mv*-noopt ) )
( defun mv*-noopt ( matrix vec )
( let ( ( ret ( make - array 3 : initial - element 0 .
0f0
: element - type ' single - float ) ) )
( loop for jj from 0 below 3
do ( setf ( aref ret jj )
( + ( aref matrix jj 3 )
( loop for ii from 0 below 3
summing ( * ( aref vec ii )
( aref matrix jj ii ) )
single - float ) ) ) )
ret ) )
Now , I can do four million iterations in 0.344 seconds .
That ’s better by a factor of eleven .
Both compiler optimizations and type declarations
Now , if I turn on compiler optimizations and turn off compiler safety :
( declaim ( ftype ( function ( ( simple - array single - float ( 3 4 ) )
( simple - array single - float ( 3 ) ) )
( simple - array single - float ( 3 ) ) ) mv* ) )
( defun mv* ( matrix vec )
( declare ( optimize ( speed 3 ) ( safety 0 ) ) )
( let ( ( ret ( make - array 3 : initial - element 0 .
0f0
: element - type ' single - float ) ) )
( loop for jj from 0 below 3
do ( setf ( aref ret jj )
( + ( aref matrix jj 3 )
( loop for ii from 0 below 3
summing ( * ( aref vec ii )
( aref matrix jj ii ) )
single - float ) ) ) )
ret ) )
With that , I am up to 0.394 seconds for four million iterations .
I ’m not sure why the compiler optimization slows me down slightly .
So , I think I am going to nuke the speed request at the moment and call it a day .
Other Lisp Implementations
Justin Grant pointed out in a comment below that Clozure expects the declarations of types to be inside the function instead of externally as I did using the ( declaim ( ftype … ) ) .
So , the numbers in the following paragraph are slightly skewed .
SBCL cleaned Clozure ‘s clock .
The fully typed and optimized version took 6.272 seconds with 32 - bit Clozure while the untyped , unoptimized version took 6.405 seconds .
The fully typed and optimized version took 2.029 seconds with 64 - bit Clozure while the untyped , unoptimized version too 2.129 seconds .
It is hard to say how much of that is overhead with the one to four million loop .
CLisp took 158.738 seconds for the fully typed and optimized version .
I did n’t bother letting it run the others .
Here are the numbers for the Lisps that I have running on my Mac with ten million iterations :
full - decls ,
2D - matrix full - decls ,
1D - matrix no decls ,
2D- matrix SBCL 1.0.29 1.040s 0.633s 8.903s CMUCL 19f 1.110s 1.960s 25.250s Clozure - 64bit 1.3-r11936 1.775s 1.949s 5.290s Clozure - 32bit 1.3-r11936 8.806s 5.492s 11.455s Allegro 8.1 ( Personal ) 8.044s 8.270s 43.220s LispWorks 5.1 ( Personal ) 14.092s 14.548s 20.369s ECL 9.6.2 40.143s 43.651s 38.765s GNU CLISP 2.47 365.477s 382.488s 362.511s
Interesting tidbits from the above :
For the no declarations case , Allegro says it allocated - 1,549,934,592 other bytes .
I am assuming that it just crossed over and it really meant 2,745,032,704 .
.
I am assuming that it just crossed over and it really meant 2,745,032,704 .
LispWorks did about 40 % better when I selected Compile and Load from the File menu instead of typing ( load ( compile - file “ tm.lisp ” ) ) at the REPL .
I tried , but failed , to get GCL and ABCL installed .
I may have to try those again some other time .
Except for CLISP and ECL , the implementations all allocated significantly more memory for the no-decls case .
SBCL allocated ten times as much in the no-decls case .
CLISP allocated the same in all cases .
ECL allocated 20 % less in the no-decls case .
Important Lessons
I ran into all sorts of compiler notes and warnings and errors while trying to optimize this code .
I was trying to use ( SVREF … ) to reference into an array .
SVREF means simple - vector reference .
I am not allowed to use it on an array .
I had n’t realized before that in a simple - vector , the elements are required to have unspecified type .
For a vector or a simple - array , you can specify the type of the elements .
For a simple - vector , you cannot .
Richard Krueter , on the sbcl - help mailing list , set me straight .
My other big stumbling block was this .
The following two lines mean exactly the same thing ( they both create an array of three zeros ) :
( make - array 3 : initial - element 0 .
0f0 : element - type ' single - float )
( make - array ' ( 3 ) : initial - element 0 . 0f0 : element - type ' single - float )
If I wanted a multidimensional array , I would need to use the second form there and put a list of numbers in where the three is .
For a one - dimensional array , I can use either the length as a number or a list with the length as its only element .
On the other hand , the following two lines mean very different things :
( declare ( type ( simple - array single - float 3 ) foo ) )
( declare ( type ( simple - array single - float ( 3 ) ) foo ) )
The former means that foo is a three - dimensional array of single - precision floating point numbers with the length of each array dimension left unspecified .
The latter means that foo is a one - dimensional array with three single - precision floating point elements .
Ubunchu , a manga - style comic for kids about the joys of running the Ubuntu Linux operating system ( this post is being composed on an Ubuntu laptop — the only OS I 've used for a couple years now * ) .
It 's a free , CC - licensed PDF , and it 's been translated into a very large number of languages , and there are more editions to come .
Ubunchu !
The Ubuntu Manga is now in English
( via Geekdad )
* Yes , I know I have n't written up my notes on switching to Ubuntu yet .
I will , someday .
The Federal Reserve released the Factors Affecting Reserve Balances today .
Total assets increased to $ 2.2 trillion .
The Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility ( TALF ) is off to a slow start , with just under $ 6.4 billion in assets .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
After spiking last year to $ 2.31 trillion the week of Dec 18th , the Federal Reserve assets then declined somewhat .
Now the Federal Reserve is starting to expand their balance sheet again .
Three trillion here we come !
Note : the graph shows Total Factors Supplying Federal Reserve Funds and is an available series that is close to assets .
Most of the increase this week in factors supplying reserve funds came from the Fed buying MBS ( increased by $ 75 billion ) .
This is still pushing down mortgage rates : see Freddie Mac : Long - term rates Now Lower than Short- term
Freddie Mac ( NYSE : FRE ) today released the results of its Primary Mortgage Market Survey ® ( PMMS® ) in which the 30 - year fixed - rate mortgage ( FRM ) averaged 4.80 percent with an average 0.7 point for the week ending April 23 , 2009 , down from last week when it averaged 4.82 percent .
Last year at this time , the 30 - year FRM averaged 6.03 percent .
In order to read or download Liquid Pany Remover ebook , you need to create a FREE account .
eBook includes PDF , ePub and Kindle version
Update : $ 220,000 raised overnight !!!!!!!!!!!
My friend Veronica has raised $ 6,800 of the $ 150,000 needed to get her brother , Eric De La Cruz , on the list for a heart transplant .
It ’s a matter of life and death for Eric .
The full cost of the operation is $ 750,000 .
She has tirelessly used Twitter and Facebook to launch this campaign to save her brother ’s life .
Nine Inch Nails has gotten word and is rallying the power of community .
Trent Reznor proposes on Eric ’s behalf :
If you have a ticket to a NIN / JA show : if you donate $ 1,000 to this cause , we ’ll invite you to come hang out with us before the NIN / JA show of your choice .
You and a guest can watch soundcheck , eat dinner backstage with us , take pics / get autographs and watch the show from the side of the stage if you ’d like .
If you donate $ 300 , you and a friend can join us for soundcheck and a handshaking / hug session before doors open at the NIN / JA show of your choice .
If you do NOT have a ticket to a NIN / JA show : if you donate $ 1,200 to this cause , we ’ll invite you to come hang out with us before the NIN / JA show of your choice and provide 2 tickets ( best available ) .
You and a guest can watch soundcheck , eat dinner backstage with us , take pics / get autographs and watch the show from the side of the stage if you ’d like .
100 % of the money collected from this will go directly to Eric ’s fund .
I hope you ’ll consider helping out with this .
Sincerely , Trent Reznor
Read Eric ’s
Story here .
Take NIN up on their offer here .
You can track the donations here .
Find out about contacting Senator Harry Reid here .
Please , please , sign a petition to the U.S Congress and state reps in NV and CA to draw attention to Eric ’s situation .
Atlanta Drug Crime Attorney
Drug Charges in Georgia
The Law Offices of Howard J. Weintraub , P.C. is committed to protecting the freedoms and futures of clients facing drug charges .
Our Atlanta drug crime attorneys handle the full range of state and federal drugs crimes , including even the most serious .
If you or your loved one is facing drug charges , our legal team is prepared to immediately fight on your behalf ?
Facing drug charges in Georgia ?
Contact Us for a Consultation !
If you have been arrested or indicted on a drug charge in Georgia , your best bet to minimize the damage and protect your rights is to hire a criminal defense lawyer as soon as possible .
Acting fast will provide the best opportunity to protect your rights and build the strongest possible defense .
Our firm represents individuals throughout Atlanta , the southeastern portion of the United States , and in many other parts of the nation as well .
These cases include :
Drug Possession
Drug Sales
Drug Trafficking
Drug Manufacturing & Distribution
Transporting Illegal Drugs via Couriers , i.e. the U.S. Postal Service
Drug-Related Tax Charges
Drug Importation
Trafficking in Illegal Prescription Drugs / Steroids
Conspiracy Charges
RICO Cases
Operating a " Pill Mill "
Forfeiture of drug assets and substitute assets unrelated to the alleged drug activities
Land , bank accounts , houses , automobiles , and other assets ( even " totally clean " substitute assets ) are almost always seized by the government in federal drug cases .
To get them back , you have the burden of proving that these assets were not acquired as the result of the alleged drug - related activities .
This can be done by going to trial and obtaining an acquittal or through exhaustive financial analysis .
Proven Atlanta Federal Drug Crime Attorneys
Former United States Assistant Attorney Howard J. Weintraub applies his 30 plus years of criminal law experience to federal appellate cases in Georgia , Alabama , Tennessee , South Carolina , and other parts of the United States , particularly in the 11th , 6th and 4th United States Circuit Courts of Appeals .
To discuss your state or federal drug charges in Georgia during a consultation , call 404-907 - 1536 today .
No .
Author Title Date
Click 109 Khenpo Sherab Gyaltsen Instructions on “ An Elucidation ofthe Treatise , ‘Calling the Lama from Afar ” 28 - Jan-2014
Click 108 Ven. Kyabje Bokar Rinpoche Instructions on Consciousness and Wisdom 18 - Jul - 2013
Click 107 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Differentiating the Middle from the Extremes 4 - 5 18 - Jul - 2013
Click 106 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Differentiating the Middle from the Extremes 2 - 3 18 - Jul - 2013
Click 105 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Differentiating the Middle from the Extremes 1 18 - Jul - 2013
Click 104 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Instructions on “ Distinguishing Phenomena & Pure Being “ by Buddha Maitreya / composed by Asanga 09 - Jul - 2013
Click 103 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Instructions on “ Distinguishing Phenomena & Pure Being “ by Buddha Maitreya / composed by Asanga 09 - Jul - 2013
Click 102 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Instructions on “ Distinguishing Phenomena & Pure Being “ by Buddha Maitreya / composed by Asanga 09 - Jul - 2013
Click 101 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Instructions on “ Distinguishing Phenomena & Pure Being “ by Buddha Maitreya / composed by Asanga 09 - Jul - 2013
Click 100 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Gaining Certainty of the View – Part 6/6
Instructions on Chapter 7.3 of
“ The Compendium of Knowledge – Shes - bya Kun-khyab mDzöd ”
composed by Jamgon Kongtrul Lodrö Thaye the Great 12 - Jun -2013
Click 99 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Gaining Certainty of the View – Part 5/ 6
Instructions on Chapter 7.3 of
“ The Compendium of Knowledge – Shes - bya Kun-khyab mDzöd ”
composed by Jamgon Kongtrul Lodrö Thaye the Great 12 - Jun -2013
Click 98 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Gaining Certainty of the View – Part 4/6
Instructions on Chapter 7.3 of
“ The Compendium of Knowledge – Shes - bya Kun-khyab mDzöd ”
composed by Jamgon Kongtrul Lodrö Thaye the Great 12 - Jun -2013
Click 97 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Gaining Certainty of the View – Part 3/ 6
Instructions on Chapter 7.3 of
“ The Compendium of Knowledge – Shes - bya Kun-khyab mDzöd ”
composed by Jamgon Kongtrul Lodrö Thaye the Great 12 - Jun -2013
Click 96 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Gaining Certainty of the View – Part 2/6
Instructions on Chapter 7.3 of
“ The Compendium of Knowledge – Shes - bya Kun-khyab mDzöd ”
composed by Jamgon Kongtrul Lodrö Thaye the Great 12 - Jun -2013
Click 95 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Gaining Certainty of the View – Part 1/6
Instructions on Chapter 7.3 of
“ The Compendium of Knowledge – Shes - bya Kun-khyab mDzöd ”
composed by Jamgon Kongtrul Lodrö Thaye the Great 12 - Jun -2013
Click 94 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third Instructions on “ The Supplication :
Calling the Lama from Afar ” 11 - Apr-2013
Click 93 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third Meditation in Action 09 - Dec-2012
Click 92 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third Finding Peace and Happiness 14 - Aug- 2011
Click 91 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third The Unmistaken , Noble Path 14 - Aug - 2011
Click 90 Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Patience 24 - Apr-2011
Click 89 Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Finding Peace in Troubled Times 21 - Apr-2010
Click 88 Acharya Lama Kelzang Wangdi White Arya Tara 06 - Mar - 2010
Click 87 Ven. Drupön Khenpo Lodrö Namgyal Instructions on the Three Principal Aspects of the Path 06 - Mar-2010
Click 86 Ven. Drupön Khenpo Lodrö Namgyal
“ An Elucidation of the Treatise , ‘ The Essence of the Three Principal Aspects of the Path ’ by Je Tsongkapa ” composed by Jamgon Kongtrul Lodrö Thaye the Great 06 - Mar - 2010
Click 85 H.E. Khentin Tai Situpa the Twelfth The Six Paramitas , and the Paths & the Grounds 14 - Dec-2009
Click 84 H.E. Khentin Tai Situpa the Twelfth The Paramita of Prajna 14 - Dec-2009
Click 83 H.E. Khentin Tai Situpa the Twelfth Nectar from the Stream – Seven 23 - Nov-2009
Click 82 H.E. Khentin Tai Situpa the Twelfth Nectar from the Stream – Six 23 - Nov-2009
Click 81 H.E. Khentin Tai Situpa the Twelfth Nectar from the Stream – Five 23 - Nov-2009
Click 80 H.E. Khentin Tai Situpa the Twelfth Nectar from the Stream – Four 23 - Nov-2009
Click 79 H.E. Khentin Tai Situpa the Twelfth Nectar from the Stream – Three 23 - Nov-2009
Click 78 H.E. Khentin Tai Situpa the Twelfth Nectar from the Stream – Two 23 - Nov-2009
Click 77 H.E. Khentin Tai Situpa the Twelfth Nectar from the Stream – One 23 - Nov-2009
Click 76 Acharya Lama Sönam Rabgye The Six Paramitas 18 - Oct-2009
Click 75 His Holiness 17th Gyalwa Karmapa , Ogyen Trinley Dorje Teachings from “ The Jewel Ornament of Liberation , ” composed by Je Gampopa 02 - Oct-2009
Click 74 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Bardo Teachings 02 - Oct-2009
Click 73 Acharya Lama Sönam Rabgye Bodhisattva Chenrezig 02 - Oct-2009
Click 72 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third The Sacred View 12 - Sep-2009
Click 71 H.E. Khentin Tai Situpa the Twelfth Confidence & Devotion 12 - Sep - 2009
Click 70 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche The Union of Sutra and Tantra in the Tibetan Buddhist Tradition 12 - Sep-2009
Click 69 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Meditation & Bodhicitta 29 - Aug - 2009
Click 68 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third Vajrayana Empowerments , specifically in Relation to the Creation & Completion Stages of Meditation Practices 22 - Aug-2009
Click 67 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third Bardo Teachings 22 - Aug-2009
Click 66 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third The Guru - Disciple Relationship 01 - Aug-2009
Click 65 Acharya Lama Kelzang Wangdi Mahamudra Meditation 30 - Jun-2009
Click 64 Ven. Chöje Lama Namse Rinpoche Guru Rinpoche – A Short Introduction to His Life & Activities 05 - Jun-2009
Click 63 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third A Brief Teaching on Calm Abiding Meditation 22 - May - 2009
Click 62 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third Essential Teachings 17 - Apr-2009
Click 61 His Eminence Khentin Tai Situ Rinpoche A Short Teaching about Chöd 17 - Apr-2009
Click 60 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Calm Abiding Meditation 17 - Apr-2009
Click 59 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche An Introduction to Chöd 03 - Apr-2009
Click 58 Acharya Lama Kelzang Wangdi The Essential Points of Creation and Completion ( II ) 23 - Mar-2009
Click 57 Acharya Lama Kelzang Wangdi The Essential Points of Creation and Completion ( I ) 11 - Mar-2009
Click 56 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third Happiness & Suffering 03 - Mar-2009
Click 55 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third Arising of Phenomena 01 - Mar-2009
Click 54 Acharya Lama Sönam Rabgye “ Distinguishing the Provisional from the Definitive in the Light of Mahamudra , ” composed by Jetsün Milarepa 25 - Feb -2009
Click 53 Acharya Lama Sönam Rabgye Instructions on “ The Four Dharmas of Gampopa ” 14 - Feb -2009
Click 52 Acharya Lama Sönam Rabgye A Brief Introduction to Milarepa Guru Yoga 03 - Feb - 2009
Click 51 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third The Right View , Meditation , and Ethics 30 - Jan-2009
Click 50 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third The Four Immeasurables 29 - Jan-2009
Click 49 Acharya Lama Kelzang Wangdi An Introduction to the Bardo Teachings 23 - Jan-2009
Click 48 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third Pointing Out the Dharmakaya 01 - Jan-2009
Click 47 Venerable Chöje Lama Namse Lama Dorje Sempa 24 - Nov-2008
Click 46 Venerable Chöje Lama Namse Green Arya Tara 24 - Nov-2008
Click 45 Acharya Lama Sönam Rabgye Instructions on “ rDo-rje - ‘ Chang Thung - ma - The Short Dorje Chang Lineage Prayer , ” composed by Bengar Jampäl Zangpo 25 - Nov-2008
Click 44 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third The Three Roots : The Lama , Yidams , and Protectors 08 - Sep-2008
Click 43 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third Instructions on “ Calling the Lama from Afar ” 05 - Sep-2008
Click 42 His Holiness 17th Gyalwa Karmapa , Ogyen Trinley Dorje Healing the Earth through Awakening 27 - Jun-2008
Click 41 Acharya Lama Kelzang Wangdi Instructions on the Spiritual Song “ Distinguishing the Provisional from the Definitive in the Context of Mahamudr by Jetsün Milarepa
13 - May -2008
Click 40 Acharya Lama Kelzang Wangdi Meditation Practices to Accomplish
the Four Immeasurables - Tshäd - med - bzhi
09 - Jun-2008
Click 39 Acharya Lama Kelzang Wangdi Dealing with Stress through Mindfulness Meditation Practices according to the “ Satipatthana - Sutta ” 29 - Apr-2008
Click 38 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third An Open Heart and a Clear Mind 14 - Feb -2008
Click 37 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third More than a Spiritual Friend 14 - Feb -2008
Click 36 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Instructions on The Short Dorje Chang Lineage Prayer by Bengar Jampäl Sangpo 10 - Jan-2008
Click 35 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Instructions on The Tathagatagarbha by the Third Gyalwa Karmapa , Rangjung Dorje 08 - Jan-2008
Click 34 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third Instructions on The Aspiration Prayer for Mahamudra by the Third Gyalwa Karmapa , Rangjung Dorje 05 - Jan-2008
Click 33 H.E. Khentin Tai Situpa the Twelfth The Root Lama 03 - Jan-2008
Click 32 Ven. Yongey Mingyur Rinpoche The Four Contemplations that Turn the Mind 02 - Jan-2008
Click 31 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third The True Nature of One's Mind 01 - Jan-2008
Click 30 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third The Seven Points of Mind Training 31 - Dec-2007
Click 29 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third The Four Noble Truths 30 - Dec-2007
Click 28 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third Ground , Path , and Fruition 29 - Dec- 2007
Click 27 Ven. Chöje Lama Namse Rinpoche Dharmapalas 27 - Dec - 2007
Click 26 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Cultivating Compassion & the Mind of Awakening 27 - Dec-2007
Click 25 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche The Benefit and Beauty of Meditation Practice 27 - Dec-2007
Click 24 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Bringing Obstacles to the Path 26 - Dec-2007
Click 23 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche The Four Noble Truths 26 - Dec-2007
Click 22 Ven. Bardor Tulku the Third The Essence of Buddhism 26 - Dec-2007
Click 21 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third Wisdom of Meditation 25 - Dec-2007
Click 20 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third Tantra in the West 25 - Dec-2007
Click 19 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third
Refuge and Precepts 23 - Dec-2007
Click 18 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third Buddhism and the Mind 21 - Dec-2007
Click 17 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Sustaining the Nature of Mind 21 - Dec-2007
Click 16 Ven. Chöje Lama Namse Rinpoche Accumulating Merit & Wisdom 21 - Dec - 2007
Click 15 Ven. Chöje Lama Namse Rinpoche Loving Kindness & Compassion 21 - Dec - 2007
Click 14 Ven. Chöje Lama Namse Rinpoche Confidence & Devotion 21 - Dec - 2007
Click 13 Ven. Khenpo Tsultrim Gyatso Rinpoche Impermanence and Questions & Answers 20 - Dec-2007
Click 12 Ven. Khenpo Tsultrim Gyatso Rinpoche The Ocean of Definitive Meaning of Mountain Dharma by Dolpo Sangye & Singing 20 - Dec-2007
Click 11 Ven. Khenpo Tsultrim Gyatso Rinpoche Accumulating Merit 19 - Dec - 2007
Click 10 Ven. Khenpo Tsultrim Gyatso Rinpoche Shentong – An Introduction 19 - Dec-2007
Click 09 H.E. Khentin Tai Situpa the Twelfth The Four Seals of Mahamudra 19 - Dec-2007
Click 08 H.E. Sangye Nyenpa Rinpoche An Introduction to The 37 Practices of a Bodhisattva by Gyatsäl Thogme Zangpo 19 - Dec-2007
Click 07 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Conscientiousness 16 - Dec-2007
Click 06 Ven. Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche Protecting One ’s Mind 16 - Dec-2007
Click 05 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third The Four Dharmas of Gampopa 16 - Dec-2007
Click 04 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third Buddha Nature 15 - Dec- 2007
Click 03 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third The Conversion of the Scholar Lodün by Jetsün Milarepa 14 - Dec-2007
Click 02 H.E. Jamgon Kongtrul the Third Buddhism and Psychotherapy 12 - Dec - 2007
Madhav Kumar Nepal was the candidate of an alliance of 22 parties
Nepal 's parliament has elected veteran communist leader Madhav Kumar Nepal as the country 's new prime minister in a bid to end weeks of political turmoil .
Mr Nepal , the leader of the Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist - Leninist ) , was the only candidate .
The former Maoist Prime Minister , Prachanda , resigned on 4 May following a dispute with the country 's president .
Earlier , a bomb blast during a service at a Roman Catholic church south of the capital , Kathmandu , killed two people .
Religious conflict is rare in Nepal and a local Christian leader , Tirtha Thapa , said he believed it was the first such attack on a church .
No group has said it carried out the attack , which injured 12 people .
' Farce '
Not long after the bombing , parliamentary speaker Subash Nemwang announced that Mr Nepal had been elected unopposed as prime minister after the Maoists said they would not field any candidate and would boycott the vote .
The 56 - year - old was last week named the candidate of an alliance of 22 parties , which have 350 members in the 601 - seat assembly .
The composition of the new cabinet has yet to be finalised , but the Nepali Congress , Madhesi Janadhikar Forum , Terai - Madhes Loktantrik Party and the Sadbhawana Party have said they will join the CPN .
The Maoists branded the formation of a new government " a farce " .
Prachanda resigned as prime minister three weeks ago , after eight months in office , in protest at a decision by President Ram Baran Yadav to veto his attempt to dismiss the head of the army .
The Maoists came to power last year after declaring an end to their decade - long armed struggle and becoming the largest party in parliament in a subsequent general election .
They have promised not to disrupt the peace process begun in 2006 , and have said they are committed to a civilian government .
CARACAS ( Reuters ) - Venezuela ’s President Hugo Chavez said on Tuesday that he and Cuban ally Fidel Castro risk being more conservative than U.S. President Barack Obama as Washington prepares to take control of General Motors Corp .
During one of Chavez ’s customary lectures on the “ curse ” of capitalism and the bonanzas of socialism , the Venezuelan leader made reference to GM ’s bankruptcy filing , which is expected to give the U.S. government a 60 percent stake in the 100 - year - old former symbol of American might .
“ Hey , Obama has just nationalized nothing more and nothing less than General Motors .
Comrade Obama !
Fidel , careful or we are going to end up to his right , ” Chavez joked on a live television broadcast .
During a decade in government , Chavez has nationalized most of Venezuela ’s key economic sectors , including multibillion dollar oil projects , often via joint ventures with the private sector that give the state a 60 percent controlling stake .
Obama has vowed to quickly sell off General Motors once the auto giant is back on its feet , but the government will initially control the company after a $ 30 billion injection of taxpayer funds .
Chavez , a vehement critic of the U.S. “ empire , ” has toned down his rhetoric since Obama took office in January and the two men shook hands during a summit in Trinidad and Tobago in April .
Monday , June 08 , 2009
Playing Transport Tycoon , I 've recently been setting up multimodal transport , where a bus will transport passengers from the bus stop in the middle of town to the train station outside of town ( because once the towns in Transport Tycoon get big , it 's hard to buy up enough land to build a train station or airport ) .
The trains then take people to the nearby airport , which is even farther away from town for noise and space reasons .
It would be fun to design those airports yourself , but Transport Tycoon gives you only a few rectangular predesigned airports .
The real trouble with playing Transport Tycoon is that it makes me want to write a transportation game .
I 'm too busy to work on a full game right now , but I want to experiment with small pieces of games .
I thought it'd be fun to design container ports that mix truck , train , and ship traffic .
While trying to break that down into smaller problems , I decided to work on roads : representing them , simulating vehicle movement , and drawing them .
Someone asked me : why use grids ?
I love grids .
I think a lot about grids .
Even when I used splines for roads , the endpoints were on grid edges .
I recently updated my A* pages about non -grid maps , and it seems like this project would be a good fit for a non -grid representation .
As I mentioned in the last post , I 'm trying things quickly and am happy to throw them away if they do n't work out .
I 'm now on the fourth design , which uses a two - level graph structure .
The first graph is used by the player to edit the world .
You 'll place nodes and then connect them with edges .
The second graph is used by pathfinding for vehicles to move along lanes .
Each connection point generates one node per lane .
Intersections export edges corresponding to all the ways a truck can go straight or turn , and roads export edges for going straight and for changing lanes .
The rough plan is to have three kinds of objects :
“ Anchor ” objects like intersections and truck stops export connection points .
The anchors act like nodes in the first graph and generate edges in the second graph .
For example , a 4 - way intersection will export 4 connection points .
Connection points have a position , orientation , and lane configuration .
They do n't show up in the first graph but generate nodes in the second graph .
The lane configuration is the number of lanes in each direction .
For example , a connection point might specify 2 lanes going one way and 1 lane going the other way .
Roads are attached to existing connection points and can follow a spline curve .
Roads do not export their own connection points , but only can attach to anchor objects .
They act as edges in the first graph and generate edges in the second graph .
Unlike the previous three designs , in which I quickly ran into trouble , this design has held up for a few weeks , so that 's a good sign .
The subproblems are :
How do I represent connection points ?
I decided to keep the position , orientation , and the number of lanes going into and coming out of the anchor object .
It 's a very simple struct and it 'll be easy to change .
How do I represent intersections ?
I 've limited myself to 4 - way straight intersections ( 90 degree turns ) .
Each side can have its own in / out lane configuration .
How do I draw intersections ?
For roads , there 's a double yellow line in the center , a dashed white line between lanes going the same direction , and a solid white line on the side .
There 's a stop line where vehicles come to a stop .
If there are right - only and left - only turn lanes , then there will be solid white lines separating those ( not implemented yet ) .
There may be arrows drawn to show which ways a vehicle can turn ( not implemented yet ) .
The size of the intersection itself is a rectangle as small as possible ( not implemented yet ) .
( Try the demo ! )
How do I represent roads ?
I 'd normally say cubic splines .
However , since Flash supports drawing quadratic Bezier curves , it'd be nice if I could draw the roads using Flash instead of implementing my own curve rendering , so I 'm going to use a spline with quadratic Beziers .
There are ways to approximate cubics with quadratics but I 'll see how far I get with quadratics alone .
The lane configuration at the ends of the roads is determine by the anchor points , and the road handles the change in configuration .
It might even be useful to have a lane configuration at each spline handle .
How do I draw roads ?
The roads again have the same yellow and white stripes as in intersections .
However , this is where I ran into some trouble .
I want the lane stripes to be parallel .
This is done by taking the original curve and constructing an “ offset curve ” .
Unfortunately , offsets of Bezier curves are not Bezier !
This could be a major problem .
The more I dug into this problem , the more papers I found .
It turns out that it affects various industries use Bezier curves ( not only quadratic ) for representing curves , and they use approximations for offset curves .
I found papers mentioning circular arcs , Pythagorean hodograph curves , Hausdorff distance , and a few other things , but in the end I decided that what mattered was not whether the curve is exactly correct but whether it looks reasonable .
I drew the Bezier curve and the constructed somewhat - parallel Bezier curves , and it turns out it looks okay at low curvatures but not high curvatures :
( Try this demo . )
I think it 'll be reasonable to restrict the curvature of the road , and then I can use Flash for drawing the roads and lane markers .
A new problem arose : although Flash 10 allows bitmap line drawing ( this is how I draw the “ dashed ” lane divider lines ) , the bitmap orientation is fixed and does not curve as the line does .
I 'm not yet sure how much of a problem this will be .
How do I move along roads ?
With Bezier curves , the movement is n't uniform ; I need to adjust for arc length .
Most likely I 'll turn each lane path into a series of points , and then move linearly between them .
If that does n't look good then I 'll try something else .
One thing I 'm considering is using circular arcs instead of Bezier curves .
Arcs are fairly easy to understand and have simple movement .
Offset curves from circular arcs are also arcs .
Also , arcs are commonly used in real roads .
Arcs can be approximated with Bezier curves .
How do I handle collisions ?
Open Transport Tycoon's “ path based signals ” have vehicles reserve the path ahead of them .
Grids make this easier because you can reserve grid spaces ( although OTTD is a little smarter than this and can allocate half - grids ) .
Without grids , I could either precompute all intersecting road segments and mark them all occupied whenever one of them is reserved , or I could use polygon intersection to watch for vehicles colliding .
The first approach uses planning ; the second is purely reactive .
I think a reactive system would lead to traffic jams .
Road representation turns out to be a fun problem .
As the code stabilizes , I 'm pushing it out to github and I 'll put demos into the wiki .
It 's all under the MIT license so feel free to use it for anything .
My next step is to determine how the roads and anchors connect to each other .
That problem may help me decide on Bezier curves vs. arcs .
Labels : project
Extended clashes broke our in Athens on Friday 22/5 , during the second protest march in two days against police racism , after a cop tore the Koran and brutalised Muslims during anti-immigrant sweeping operations .
During the clashes many protesters were injured arrested and hospitalised .
A second protest march against police racism took to the streets of Athens on Friday 22/5/08 in response to the incident of anti-muslim brutality two nights before during a police sweeping - operation against immigrants in the center of Athens .
During what appears to be a typically offensive search of muslim immigrants at a local cafe , a policeman tore a Koran in pieces and stepped on threatening the immigrants in compromising racist language .
The incident led to a protest march on Thurday with limited clashes between police and demonstrators .
During the Friday protest march immigrants and solidarity protesters of the left gathered in Omonoia square and clashed with the police outside the Greek parliament .
The protesters piled the riot police with marbles , shoes and other projectiles , receiving tear gas and blast flash grenades in response .
The march then proceeded towards the coveted Athens area of Agios Panteleimonas where the anti-muslim incident had occurred .
On the way , protesters smashed banks , expensive shops and government vehicles , before being massively attacked by strong riot police forces .
During the battle that ensued scores of protesters were seriously injured , many being hospitalised , while 40 were arrested and remain in custody .
One Syrian protester is said to be arrested during the protest march for allegedly throwing a molotov cocktail against the local police department .
The riots that have once again reduced much of the capital 's center into a battle zone come at a time of increasing tension across the country , accentuated by both the political impasse after the surprise dissolution of the Parliament earlier this month , and the continuing pressure of urban guerrilla groups which once again demonstrated their resolve this week by bombing the offices of the Siemens affiliated corporation that has provided the greek police with its new phone tapping and electronic surveillance system meant to frame the social antagonistic movement after the December uprising .
The attack which injured none due to a previous warning call was claimed by the left - wing urban guerrilla group " Popular Will " , who also claimed responsibility for the bombing of the State Land Management headquarters last March .
The greek branch of Siemens is involved in one of the biggest economic scandals of the collapsing government , with its head on the run , and its deputy - head held in custody .
Shell on trial : Landmark trial set to begin over Shell ’s role in 1995 execution of Nigerian human rights activist Ken Saro - Wiwa
May 26 , 2009 -- Democracy Now ! --
A landmark trial against oil giant Royal Dutch Shell ’s alleged involvement in human rights violations in the Niger Delta begins this Wednesday in a federal court in New York .
Fourteen years after the widely condemned execution of the acclaimed Nigerian writer and environmental activist Ken Saro - Wiwa , the court will hear allegations that Shell was complicit in his torture and execution .
Guests : Steve Kretzmann , executive director of Oil Change International .
He was at Shell ’s annual shareholder meeting in London earlier this month and has been following the case against Shell .
He also worked closely with Ken Saro - Wiwa in the last two years before Saro - Wiwa ’s death .
Han Shan , the coordinator of the ShellGuilty campaign , a coalition initiative of Friends of the Earth , Oil Change International , and PLATFORM / Remember Saro - Wiwa .
AMY GOODMAN : A landmark trial against oil giant Royal Dutch Shell ’s alleged involvement in human rights violations in the Niger Delta begins Wednesday in a federal court here in Manhattan .
Fourteen years after the widely condemned execution of the acclaimed Nigerian writer and environmentalist Ken Saro - Wiwa , the court will hear allegations that Shell was complicit in his torture and execution .
Ken Saro - Wiwa was the founding member and president of MOSOP , the Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People , a group committed to use nonviolence to stop the repression and exploitation of the Ogoni and their land by Shell and the Nigerian government .
KEN SARO - WIWA :
The indigenous people have been cheated through laws such as are operated in Nigeria today .
Through political marginalization , they have driven certain people to death .
In recovering the money that has been stolen from us , I do not want any blood spilled , not of an Ogoni man , not of any strangers amongst us .
We are going to demand our rights peacefully , nonviolently , and we shall win .
AMY GOODMAN : In 1996 , a year after Ken Saro - Wiwa and eight other Ogoni activists were hanged , the Center for Constitutional Rights , EarthRights International and other human rights attorneys brought a series of cases against Royal Dutch Shell and Brian Anderson , the former head of Shell ’s Nigeria operation .
They accused Shell of working closely with and financing the Nigerian military government to brutally quell the peaceful resistance against Shell ’s presence in the country .
Shell strongly denies all charges .
The cases against Shell were brought under the US Alien Torts Claim Act and the Torture Victim Protection Act and will finally go to trial this week despite Shell ’s attempts to get the cases thrown out of court over the past decade .
Ken Wiwa , Saro - Wiwa ’s son , told reporters earlier this month that , quote , “ In a sense we already have a victory , because one of the things my father said was that Shell would one day have its day in court . ”
Well , when Democracy Now ! correspondent Jeremy Scahill and I traveled to the Niger Delta in 1998 , we went to Ogoniland .
We visited Ken Saro - Wiwa ’s parents .
An Ogoni man stepped forward from the hundreds of villagers who gathered to greet us , and he began reciting the final speech of Ken Saro - Wiwa , made shortly before he was hanged .
OGONI MAN : I have no doubt at all about the ultimate success of my cause , no matter the trials and tribulations which I and those who believe with me may encounter on our journey .
Neither imprisonment nor death can stop our ultimate victory .
I repeat that we all stand before history .
I and my colleagues are not the only ones on trial .
Shell is here on trial , and it is as well that …
JEREMY SCAHILL : When we visited the parents of Ken Saro - Wiwa a few days before coming to Ilajeland , this man stood up and recited Saro - Wiwa ’s closing statement before the military tribunal that would ultimately hang him .
OGONI MAN :
In my innocence of the false charge I face here , in my utter conviction , I call upon the Ogoni people , the peoples of the Niger Delta and the oppressed ethnic minorities of Nigeria to stand up now and fight fearlessly and peacefully for their rights .
History is on their side .
God is on their side .
AMY GOODMAN : The voice of an Ogoni man reciting the last words of Ken Saro - Wiwa .
I ’m joined right now by two guests .
Steve Kretzmann is the executive director of Oil Change International .
He was at Shell ’s annual shareholder meeting in London last week and has been following the case against Shell .
He also worked closely with Ken Saro - Wiwa in the last two years before Ken ’s death .
Steve Kretzmann , joining us from Washington , DC .
We ’re also joined here in New York by Han Shan , the director of the ShellGuilty campaign , a coalition initiative of Friends of the Earth , Oil Change International and PLATFORM / Remember Saro - Wiwa .
We welcome you both to Democracy Now !
I wanted to start with Ken Saro - Wiwa , because of the trial that ’s beginning this week .
Steve Kretzmann , you knew him well .
Tell us about who he was .
STEVE KRETZMANN : Ken was an amazing man .
He ’s easily the most extraordinary individual I ’ve ever met , deeply , philosophically and strategically committed to nonviolence .
You know , he spanned worlds .
He really — you know , the protest of the Niger Delta peoples against the way that the oil companies have polluted their landscape and conspired with the Nigerian government for decades has really gone on since at least 1970 .
That ’s the earliest recorded references we have to protests by local communities .
But it took until Ken came on the scene in 1990 with the formation of the Movement for the Survival of Ogoni People to internationalize the cause and for his articulate voice , for his charisma to be lent to the cause , which really educated all of us around the world about the tragedy that is ongoing today in the Niger Delta .
AMY GOODMAN : I had a chance to interview Ken Saro - Wiwa for Pacifica station WBAI in New York .
I was co-hosting the morning show with Bernard White , and a Nigerian activist brought him into the studio that morning unannounced .
It was Ken ’s final visit to the United States .
It was just before he returned to Nigeria and was arrested , then tried and executed .
This was Ken Saro - Wiwa on radio .
KEN SARO - WIWA : Shell does not want to negotiate with the Ogoni people .
Each time they ’ve come under pressure from local people , their want has always been to run to the Nigerian government and to say to the Nigerian government , “ Oil is 90 percent of your foreign exchange earning .
If anything happens to oil , your economy will be destroyed .
Therefore , you must go and deal with these people , these troublemakers . ”
And most times , the government will oblige them and visits local communities of poor , dispossessed people with a lot of violence .
And when these communities then protested and said , “ Look .
Look at the amount of violence that is being used against us , even though we are only protesting peacefully , ” then the oil companies will come and say , “ Well , there is no way we can determine how much violence a government decides to use against its own people . ”
So , basically , the local communities have no leverage with the oil companies at all .
AMY GOODMAN : Who is the government now of Nigeria ?
KEN SARO - WIWA : There is a military government in power at this time .
And indeed , military people have been in power in the country for a long time .
AMY GOODMAN : Because they suspended the results of the elections ?
KEN SARO - WIWA : Yes , indeed .
But for a long time now , Nigeria has been under military dictatorships .
And the oil companies like military dictatorships , because basically they can cheat with these dictatorships .
The dictatorships are brutal to people , and they can deny the rights of — human rights of individuals and of communities quite easily , without compunction .
AMY GOODMAN : Ken Saro - Wiwa , how does the oil companies — how do Shell and Chevron deal with you as the president of the Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People ?
KEN SARO - WIWA : Well , recently , when the protests started , Shell , they had a meeting .
And the operatives of Shell in Nigeria and of those at The Hague in the Netherlands , and in London , held a meeting , and they decided that they would have to keep an eye on me , watch wherever I go to , follow me constantly , to ensure that I do not embarrass Shell .
So , as far as I ’m concerned , I ’m a marked man .
AMY GOODMAN : That was Ken Saro - Wiwa back in 1995 .
In fact , Steve Kretzmann , you organized that trip ?
STEVE KRETZMANN : I did .
I was one of the co-organizers of that trip , yep .
AMY GOODMAN : And the month and year of that trip ?
STEVE KRETZMANN : That was January or February of 1994 .
AMY GOODMAN : And he returned in 1994 to Nigeria , and he was soon arrested .
STEVE KRETZMANN : Yeah , yeah .
AMY GOODMAN : And then he was ultimately tried .
Explain that trial , Steve Kretzmann .
And right now , with the three cases being brought against Shell , explain what was Shell ’s role , if any , in that trial ?
STEVE KRETZMANN :
Well , the trial was widely condemned by independent observers — Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch , even the British government — as being a sham and a “ travesty of justice , ” was the quote that Prime Minister John Major at the time said about the trial and the ultimate execution of Ken .
You know , Shell ’s role is obviously the issue that begins this week in court .
I think there are some truly amazing aspects and pieces of evidence that will come out .
One of the most damning , I think , is the signed affidavits from the witnesses who were at the trial .
There were witnesses at the trial who said that Ken was involved in a crime .
This is the crime for which I believe he was framed .
Those witnesses subsequently signed affidavits with a British lawyer saying that they were bribed by the Nigerian government and Shell to testify against Saro - Wiwa .
So I think that ’s one of the most damning pieces of evidence that will come out over the next several weeks in the New York courtroom .
Shell also , we will see that they were deeply involved in the planning of the trial and really , I think , the campaign to silence the Ogoni and Ken Saro - Wiwa .
And , you know , it ’s quite troubling , the cozy relationship that existed in between this oil company , which is the largest multinational that operates in Nigeria today and was at the time , and what was a military dictatorship at that time .
I think it ’s extremely troubling and should give us all pause about the role of multinational corporations in the world today .
AMY GOODMAN : We ’re going to go to break .
Then we ’ll be back .
Steve Kretzmann , our guest , executive director of Oil Change International .
We ’ll also be joined by Han Shan , coordinator of ShellGuilty campaign .
We did invite Shell on the broadcast .
This is Democracy Now ! , democracynow.org , the War and Peace Report .
We are talking about the true cost of oil , and after Shell , we ’ll turn to Chevron .
Stay with us .
[ break ]
AMY GOODMAN : Our guest , Steve Kretzmann , executive director of Oil Change International , he ’s just back from London , the Shell shareholder meeting .
Han Shan , in studio with us , coordinator of ShellGuilty campaign .
I want to go to a short clip from a video that , Han Shan , you produced to publicize the upcoming trial .
It ’s called The Case Against Shell .
Shell made a motion to pull the video off the Wiwa v. Shell website , wiwavshell.org .
This clip features Ken Saro - Wiwa ’s son Ken Wiwa and Marco Simons , the legal director of EarthRights International .
MARCO SIMONS : Ultimately , Shell ’s lawyers conspired with the prosecution of the Ogoni leadership and participated in bribing witnesses against the Ogoni Nine in securing their convictions .
And , of course , they were ultimately executed .
KEN WIWA : The Nigerian military announced this week that my father and eight others have been sentenced to death .
They have no right of appeal .
NARRATOR : On November 10th , 1995 , after a trial universally condemned as a sham and a sentence met with shock and outrage around the world , Ken Saro - Wiwa and eight other Ogoni leaders were hanged by the Nigerian military government .
Ken ’s last words were , “ Lord , take my soul , but the struggle continues . ”
KEN WIWA : I urge all of you here to keep the pressure on Shell to accept the responsibility for what has happened in Ogoni and what is still happening .
AMY GOODMAN : That last voice , that of Ken Wiwa , Ken Saro - Wiwa ’s son , and before that , Marco Simons , legal director at EarthRights International .
Han Shan , explain what happened with this video .
HAN SHAN : Well , I was working with EarthRights International for several months before resigning , basically , to work on this ShellGuilty campaign , and obviously we ’re not coordinating with the litigation team .
It was something that I was involved in before I joined the ShellGuilty campaign .
And I helped produce that video .
But basically , we learned about this , because I ’ve just been following along with court documents that are publicly available on the United States District Court website and saw that Shell had been complaining about some of the education and outreach activities that the litigation team is doing .
And there was an order that was noted on the website , and I was able to look at a document where they had opposed one of the lawyers ’ participation in the trial , because he had a link to the video on his firm ’s website .
And subsequently , the court ordered them to remove the website after multiple requests from Shell .
So , it is the video that Shell does not want the public to see , but , of course , you know , it ’s the internet .
It ’s been on the website .
It ’s been out there .
It ’s on YouTube .
So , they have removed it from the website , but it ’s still out there .
And obviously it ’s something that ’s — it contains dangerous truths that we hope people will watch and learn from .
AMY GOODMAN : This ShellGuilty campaign that you ’re coordinating , explain what you ’re doing .
HAN SHAN : Well , basically , as I said , I left working with EarthRights , because their involvement in the litigation , along with co-counsel , Center for Constitutional Rights , it constrains them from doing all kinds of things , understandably .
There are certain things that they ca n’t say and ca n’t do , because their focus is on litigation and in the courtroom .
But we felt that it was important that we keep a spotlight on Shell , on this trial , and make sure that people know , you know , people like yourself who followed this fourteen years ago .
There are an awful lot of people who do n’t even realize that this is coming to court .
There are profound implications .
So , we organized ShellGuilty essentially to highlight Shell ’s crimes and keep a spotlight on this trial and also push for an end to gas flaring .
That is something that animated the resistance to Shell of MOSOP and Ken back in the day , and it ’s still going on now .
AMY GOODMAN : Explain the gas flaring .
HAN SHAN : Well , gas flaring is a practice that Shell would never get away with in the US , they would never get away with in Europe , and they do it today in Nigeria twenty - four hours a day , and they ’ve been doing it for decades .
It ’s the burning off of associated gas , gas that ’s released through oil extraction activities .
And they do it because it ’s cheaper and easier than re-injecting the gas into the wells or actually capturing it and using it .
It could be used to actually give electricity and power to some of these impoverished villages that have enriched Shell and the Nigerian government so much .
But instead , they burn it off in these toxic plumes of fire that release all kinds of toxins and enormous amounts of greenhouse gases that add to the climate crisis .
And , you know , it ’s something that aggravates local communities .
It ’s poisonous to local communities .
And , you know , Shell has continued to choose to engage in this practice , because it ’s more cost - efficient than doing the right thing and finding a solution with its $ 30 billion in annual profits and utilizing the gas or at least re-injecting it .
AMY GOODMAN : Talk about how these are actually three cases , what ’s going to be happening tomorrow , Wednesday , in federal court here in New York , that have been consolidated into one , Han Shan .
HAN SHAN : Well , basically , you know , the first lawsuit was filed , as you mentioned , back in 1996 , almost exactly a year to the day after the Ogoni Nine were hanged .
And that was brought by Owens Wiwa , Ken Saro - Wiwa ’s brother , and Ken Wiwa , his son .
But subsequently , there were other lawsuits , as well : one against Brian Anderson , the head of Shell Nigeria at the time , as well as some lawsuits related to a few other incidents that are part of this trial .
So , a shooting incident in which Shell requested the Nigerian military and later compensated them , they basically arrived at a nonviolent protest and shot and killed a man named Uebari N-nah .
So , the judge in this case , Chief Judge Kimba Wood , who ’s head — the chief judge here at the Southern District Second Circuit , has sort of just brought all these cases together to be heard in one trial , because they ’re all absolutely interrelated and commingled .
But the way that they ’ve been consolidated , you ’d have to ask a lawyer to explain all the complexity of it .
But , you know , some charges could be dropped or thrown out or settled , and some could move forward .
So it ’s all a matter of , you know , what we ’ll see over the next month or so .
AMY GOODMAN : Steve Kretzmann , you ’ve just come back from Britain .
You were in London for the Shell shareholder meeting .
How prominent was this case ?
And then , explain , overall , what was happening at the Shell shareholder meeting ?
STEVE KRETZMANN :
Well , you know , perhaps not surprisingly , this case was not particularly prominent inside the shareholder meeting at all .
The primary issue of concern inside the shareholder meeting was the remuneration package for the board of directors and the directors of the company , in particular , which actually the shareholders , interestingly , revolted against .
And you had a majority of Shell ’s shareholders voting against that package , which is a fairly unheard of thing to have happen .
Shell ’s directors said that they will take it under advisement and come back and perhaps modify the raises that they ’re giving themselves , while , of course , they continue to gas flare in Nigeria .
So , you know , the company is continuing on with business as usual and sort of keeping their head in the sand .
You know , I think one of the things that will come out in this trial is you ’ll see that their strategy for many years , going back twenty years , has been to starve this issue of oxygen .
That ’s literally a phrase that comes out of some of the documents that we ’ve discovered in the trial .
And I think that they ’re still trying to do this .
They ’re trying to not really give it any energy in hopes that it will simply go away .
But those of us who knew Ken Saro - Wiwa , those of us who are deeply committed to peace and justice in Nigeria and corporate accountability , are quite determined to not let this issue go away at all .
AMY GOODMAN : I wanted to play a brief clip of a film that we highlighted last week .
It ’s Sandy Cioffi ’s film called Sweet Crude .
But this is the section of the documentary where she looks at the case of Ken Saro - Wiwa .
KEN SARO - WIWA : We want freedom !
CROWD : We want freedom !
KEN SARO - WIWA : We want freedom !
CROWD : We want freedom !
KEN SARO - WIWA : Freedom !
From today onwards ,
Shell is declared persona non grata in Ogoni
IBIBA DON PEDRO : The Ogoni struggle issued out of Ogonis like Ken Saro - Wiwa .
They decided , you know , to come together to begin to agitate for an end to environmental degradation , for an end to the kind of injustice that exists in a situation where oil comes out of Ogoniland , but Ogoni people are some of the poorest people .
Their lands are taken over for oil .
UNIDENTIFIED : The Ogoni Bill of Rights was basically asking for a fair share of the oil revenue .
And this was led peacefully , without violence .
It was led peacefully , calling for dialogue .
KEN SARO - WIWA :
We are going to demand our rights peacefully , nonviolently , and we shall win .
PETER JENNINGS :
This may come as a shock .
Yesterday , when we decided to choose this man , we knew that his life was in danger .
And quite frankly , we hoped that by focusing on his work , we would contribute urgently to people ’s understanding of his crisis .
We are too late .
This morning in Nigeria , as we were preparing this profile , Ken Saro - Wiwa was hanged by the military government .
BERNARD SHAW : About twelve hours ago , the military regime in Nigeria executed nine men , including environmentalist and minority rights leader Ken Saro - Wiwa .
MADELEINE ALBRIGHT :
This heinous act offends our values and darkens our hope for democracy in the region .
We particularly deplore this action where it was taken despite the pleas of so many governments , including my own .
My government is now urgently considering what further steps to take , including action by the Security Council .
Thank you very much , Mr. President .
UNIDENTIFIED : Ken Saro - Wiwa never carried a gun .
He was calling for international attention .
He was calling for dialogue .
What did they do to him ?
He was hanged .
And every other person who was with him was executed .
AMY GOODMAN : An excerpt of Sweet Crude , produced by Sandy Cioffi , who was on Democracy Now ! last week .
Steve Kretzmann , on the issue of Ken Saro - Wiwa today , fourteen years later , what do you expect to come from this trial ?
STEVE KRETZMANN :
Well , we certainly expect justice in terms of greater profile for the issue .
But , you know , one thing I really hope comes out of this is the recognition that the struggle that Ken and the Ogoni took up twenty years ago and came to a head fourteen years ago is really the same struggle , the same issues that are going on in Nigeria today .
You had this — the great report last week with Sandy Cioffi , talking about the ongoing violence in the Niger Delta .
The Nigerian parliament just approved on Friday a widening of the offensive against the Nigerian villagers who have taken up arms .
And , you know , the causes that they are addressing , what they ’re trying to address here are the same things that Ken and the Ogoni and Niger Delta peoples have been trying to address for forty , fifty years : the ongoing flaring of gas , the abject party that the region suffers from despite the fact that billions of dollars of oil wealth have come out of there , the oil spills , etc. , etc .
This really has to stop , and we certainly hope that the spotlight that the trial will shine on Nigeria and these issues will finally change this issue once and for all .
AMY GOODMAN : And , Han Shan , what you ’re doing now coordinating the outside protests ?
HAN SHAN : Well , we ’re going to be doing a lot of commentary and providing , hopefully , some insight into what ’s actually happening inside the courtroom .
We ’ll be blogging .
We ’ll be writing about it on ShellGuilty.com .
And tomorrow , tomorrow , Wednesday at noon in Foley Square , right across from the courthouse , we ’re holding a rally at noon where we ’ll mark this historic opening of the trial .
I mean , for so many people , seeing Ken ’s prophecy come true , that in fact Shell would have its day in court , is just critically important .
And we want to make sure that we mark this historic day .
So , folks in New York and near New York , we hope people will come out for this noontime rally at Foley Square and show respects and also show Shell that people care about this .
And as Steve said , this is happening in Nigeria today .
There are still critical issues that Shell has yet to address .
And , you know , we have an opportunity , hopefully , to turn up the heat on Shell a bit right now .
AMY GOODMAN : Again , I want to say we did invite Shell on today ’s broadcast .
We hope they will join us at a future point .
They did n’t today .
Han Shan , coordinator of the ShellGuilty campaign , at shellguilty.com .
Steve Kretzmann is executive director of Oil Change International .
We ’re going to go to break , and when we come back , we will turn to another oil giant .
They ’re holding their shareholders ’ meeting this week .
We ’re going to be talking about Chevron .
Antonia Juhasz is joining us .
She ’s just released a report called “ The True Cost of Chevron : An Alternative Annual Report . ”
And a spokesperson for Chevron will be joining us , the head of Latin American operations .
Stay with us .
democracynow.org
Wiwa versus
Shell : Oil company to stand trial for complicity in repression of the Ogoni people
From The Case Against Shell website
Royal Dutch Shell plc ( Shell ) began oil production in the Niger Delta region of Nigeria in 1958 and has a long history of working closely with the Nigerian government to quell popular opposition to its presence in the region .
At the request of Shell , and with Shell ’s assistance and financing , Nigerian soldiers used deadly force and massive , brutal raids against the Ogoni people throughout the early 1990s to repress a growing movement against the oil company .
The Center for Constitutional Rights ( CCR ) , EarthRights International ( ERI ) and other human rights attorneys sued Shell for human rights violations against the Ogoni .
The case will go to trial on May 26 , 2009 , in New York City .
Who are the Ogoni and why were they protesting ?
Ogoni is the name of a region in the Niger Delta of southern Nigeria as well as the name of the ethnic group that lives in that region .
For the Ogoni and the people of Nigeria , oil and oil companies have brought poverty , environmental devastastion and widespread , severe human rights abuses .
Currently , almost 85 per cent of oil revenues accrue to 1 % of the population while , according to the African Development Bank , more than 70 per cent of Nigerians live on less than US $ 1 per day .
Ogoniland is home to several environmental treasures , including the third - largest mangrove forest in the world and one of the largest surviving rainforests in Nigeria .
Oil drilling by Shell and other oil companies has had a devastating impact on the region ’s environment .
Oil spills , gas flaring and deforestation have stripped the land of its environmental resources , destroying the subsistence farming and fishing - based economy of the Ogoni people .
What is MOSOP ?
The Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People ( MOSOP ) is a human rights group founded in 1990 that is committed to using non-violence to stop the repression and exploitation of the Ogoni and their resources by Shell and the Nigerian government .
Upon its founding , MOSOP quickly garnered wide support and in 1993 , at least half the total Ogoni population publicly supported the group .
Ken Saro - Wiwa , founding member and president of MOSOP brought worldwide attention to the human rights violations committed against the Ogoni through international campaigning and his poignant writing .
He was nominated for a Nobel Prize and awarded the Right Livelihood Award and the Goldman Prize for his environmental and human rights activism .
What happened to the plaintiffs in this case ?
As the peaceful movement of the Ogoni grew , so did the Nigerian government ’s and Shell ’s brutal campaign against the Ogoni and MOSOP .
In early 1993 , Shell requested military support to build a pipeline through Ogoni .
When plaintiff Karalolo Kogbara was crying over the resulting bulldozing of her crops , she was shot by Nigerian troops and lost an arm as a result .
In a separate incident later that year , plaintiff Uebari N - nah was shot and killed by soldiers near a Shell flow station ; the soldiers were requested by and later compensated by Shell .
Plaintiff Owens Wiwa was detained repeatedly under false charges in 1994 to prevent him from protesting ; he was beaten and threatened throughout his detentions .
Michael Vizor , another plaintiff , was arrested for his political activities and upon his arrest his daughter was raped .
When he would not confess to a false charge , he was beaten and tortured .
Vizor ’s son was also beaten and detained when he attempted to bring his father food .
In 1994 , Ken Saro - Wiwa and other Ogoni leaders were prevented by the military from attending a gathering ; at that very gathering , four Ogoni chiefs were killed .
The military governor promptly announced that Ken Saro - Wiwa caused the deaths , and he and other leaders were taken into custody .
Despite the lack of any connection between MOSOP and the deaths , the military used the deaths as a pretext to conduct raids on 60 towns in Ogoni and to detain and beat several hundred men suspected of involvement with MOSOP .
A three - man tribunal was created by the Nigerian government to try the Ogoni leaders — known as the “ Ogoni Nine ” – for the murders of the four chiefs .
The tribunal denied the Ogoni Nine access to counsel , a fair trial and the opportunity to appeal the decision .
During the course of the trial they were tortured and mistreated , as were their relatives .
The Ogoni Nine were convicted and were executed by hanging on November 10 , 1995 .
Plaintiffs in this case include family members of Ken Saro - Wiwa , John Kpuinen , Dr. Barinem Kiobel , Saturday Doobee , Daniel Gbokoo and Felix Nuate .
“ The military dictatorship holds down oil - producing areas such as Ogoni by military decrees and the threat or actual use of physical violence so that Shell can wage its ecological war without hindrance …
This cozy , if criminal , relationship was perceived to be rudely disrupted by the non-violent struggle of the Ogoni people under MOSOP .
The allies decided to bloody the Ogoni in order to stop their example from spreading through the oil - rich Niger Delta . ”
– Ken Saro - Wiwa ’s closing statement at the trial of the Ogoni 9 .
How was Shell involved ?
Shell continued its close relationship with the Nigerian military regime during the early 1990s .
The oil company requested an increase in security and provided monetary and logistical support to the Nigerian police .
Shell frequently called upon the Nigerian police for “ security operations ” that often amounted to raids and terror campaigns against the Ogoni .
In response to growing Ogoni opposition , Shell and the Nigerian government coordinated a public relations campaign to discredit the movement , falsely attributing airplane hijackings , kidnapping and other acts of violence to Ken Saro - Wiwa and MOSOP .
Shell was involved in the development of the strategy that resulted in the unlawful execution of the Ogoni Nine .
Shell told the Nigerian regime they needed to deal with Ken Saro - Wiwa and MOSOP .
Shell monitored Ken Saro - Wiwa , and closely followed the tribunal and his detention .
Prior to the trial , Shell Nigeria told its parent companies that Saro - Wiwa would be convicted and told witnesses that Saro - Wiwa was never going free .
Shell held meetings with the Nigerian regime to discuss the tribunal , including with the military president Sani Abacha himself .
Shell ’s lawyer attended the trial , which , in Nigeria , is a privilege afforded only to interested parties .
Brian Anderson , the Managing Director of Shell ’s Nigerian subsidiary , met with Owens Wiwa , Saro - Wiwa ’s brother and offered to trade Saro - Wiwa ’s freedom for an end to the protests against the company .
At least two witnesses who testified that Saro - Wiwa was involved in the murders of the Ogoni elders later recanted , stating that they had been bribed with money and offers of jobs with Shell to give false testimony – in the presence of Shell ’s lawyer .
One month after the executions of the Ogoni Nine , Shell signed an agreement to invest $ 4 billion in a liquefied natural gas project in Nigeria .
What ’s the status of the case against Shell ?
Beginning in 1996 , the Center for Constitutional Rights ( CCR ) , EarthRights International ( ERI ) , Paul Hoffman of Schonbrun , DeSimone , Seplow , Harris & Hoffman and other human rights attorneys have brought a series of cases to hold Shell accountable for human rights violations in Nigeria , including summary execution , crimes against humanity , torture , inhuman treatment and arbitrary arrest and detention .
The lawsuits are brought against Royal Dutch Shell and Brian Anderson , the head of its Nigerian operation .
The cases were brought under the Alien Tort Statute , a 1789 statute giving non-U. citizens the right to file suits in US courts for international human rights violations , and the Torture Victim Protection Act , which allows individuals to seek damages in the US for torture or extrajudicial killing , regardless of where the violations take place .
Shell has made many attempts to have these cases thrown out of court , which the plaintiffs have defeated .
The United States District Court for the Southern District of New York has set a trial date of May 26 , 2009 .
The plaintiffs eagerly await their day in court to hold the defendants accountable for their injuries and the deaths of their loved ones .
Here ’s “ some terribly depressing news , ” said Andrew Sullivan in The Atlantic .
According to Pew research , more than half of Americans who attend church at least once a week said torturing suspected terrorists is “ often ” or “ sometimes ” justified , while only 42 percent of people who do n’t attend regular services agreed .
“ So Christian devotion correlates with approval for absolute evil in America . ”
Not only that , said Rod Dreher in Beliefnet , but evangelicals are more pro-torture than white mainline Protestants , and the more frequently people go to church the more pro-torture they seem to be .
“ What on earth are these Christians hearing at church ?!
Very sad indeed . ”
This is not really so hard to understand , said Ed Morrissey in Hot Air .
“ Evangelicals are more likely to be conservative , and conservatives are more likely to support coercive interrogation , ergo evangelicals are more likely to support coercive interrogation . ”
And remember , these techniques are done to stop future attacks , “ which is about as pro-life as you can get . ”
Pew ’s research is meaningless , said Paul Chesser in The American Spectator .
They do n’t even define what practices people are supposed to consider torture — “ waterboarding ?
Insects in the room ? ” — so there ’s no way to compare the beliefs of one group to those of another .
This study says more about the researchers ’ “ hatred for traditional Christian beliefs ” than anything else .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
If she had any pets , food safety expert Marion Nestle says she would still feed them pet chow — even though her newest book , Pet Food Politics : The Chihuahua in the Coal Mine , chronicles how melamine - laced chow killed more than 4,000 animals last year .
Human food , on the other hand , might be a different matter .
Nestle knows well the American politics of salmonella outbreaks and melamine - in - baby - formula panics , having served on both FDA and USDA advisory committees .
In this podcast , she talks with Mother Jones about why vegetables should scare us more than meat , how the Scandinavians do it better , and the pros and cons of a system designed for astronauts .
MJ : I was surprised to learn that the FDA only inspects 1 percent of imports , and unlike toys , food cannot be [ mandatorily ] recalled .
What do you think Americans would be most surprised to find out about their food safety laws ?
MN : I think that we do n’t really have any that protect the food supply from farm to table .
We have a food safety system that ’s piecemeal , largely divided between two agencies that do n’t talk to each other very much .
Neither agency can enforce regulations from the farm to the table .
MJ : How does our food safety system compare to systems in Europe ?
MN : Well , it depends on which countries in Europe you ’re talking about , but the Government Accountability Office just did a review of food safety systems in other countries and found many things about those food safety systems that were better than ours .
MJ : What is better about those other systems that the GAO pointed out ?
MN : They have food safety systems from farm to table .
Everybody involved in the food supply is required to follow standard food safety procedures .
You would think that everyone involved with food would not want people to get sick from it .
But when you have a food safety system that ’s voluntary and not mandatory , you ’re in a situation in which everybody wants everybody else to go first .
So as a normal course of doing business , food companies cut corners and do n’t want to take the kind of trouble and the kind of testing and the kind of careful procedures that are required to produce the safe food because they do n’t have to .
MJ : Considering food safety laws , where would you prefer to live ?
Is there a certain state , a different country ?
MN : Well , I live in the United States , and I ’m not moving .
But from the standpoint of food safety , the countries in Scandinavia do it better than we do .
It ’s not that they do n’t have food - poisoning incidents ; it ’s that there are many fewer in proportion to the population .
MJ : If you could make just one change , what would you make to the food safety system ?
MN : I would require every producer of food to follow and have enforced a standard safety plan .
We know how to produce safe food .
It has a horrible name ; it ’s called HACCP — Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point — and this was a food safety system that was developed for NASA so that astronauts would n’t get sick in outer space .
If you just think about what it might be like to have food poison under conditions of zero gravity , you do n’t even want to think about it .
MJ : Could you just run down HACCP really quickly for our listeners if they ’re not too familiar with food safety ?
MN : What it requires is that first of all you identify the hazards :
Where in your production chain can contamination occur ?
This could be a simple matter of cooking a product to kill bacteria and making sure that the product is actually brought to that temperature .
Then you identify the steps at which contamination can occur — those are the critical control points .
You take steps to make sure that that does n’t happen .
And you monitor and evaluate and test to make sure that your system is working properly .
And if it ’s done diligently and done faithfully and monitored carefully , then they ’re producing safe food .
And no astronaut of which I ’m aware has ever gotten food poisoning in outer space .
MJ : What should we be more worried about : vegetables or meat ?
MN : Right now it ’s vegetables because meat is produced under HACCP plans .
Meat and poultry are required to be produced under standard food safety plans and they have been since the mid-’90s , and there are now fewer problems with meat than there used to be .
That ’s on the USDA ’s side .
But the FDA , which regulates the safety of vegetables , does n’t have those kinds of rules because Congress does n’t want it to .
It ’s not that the vegetables themselves have anything wrong with them ; it ’s that they ’re contaminated with animal manure .
One of the rationales for a single food safety agency is that you ca n’t separate animals from vegetables .
MJ : With the recent news of melamine in baby formula , Chinese - manufactured products remain a concern for many parents .
How worried should they be realistically ?
MN : Well , realistically these are always small percentages .
But if you happen to be somebody who ’s caught up in a small percentage , it ’s not a very nice situation .
I think one way in which we can encourage the Chinese government to take more vigorous action to control food safety in their country is by just saying we ’re not going to buy Chinese foods until they get their system cleaned up .
Admittedly it ’s a difficult system to get under control because an astonishing percentage — maybe 80 percent — of the foods in China are produced in small backyard operations .
But until they can get it under control and really start enforcing food safety laws , I do n’t think a boycott is unreasonable at all .
How are we going to do that ?
That would require information about country of origin , and country - of - origin labeling is coming into effect on September 30 .
Let ’s hope that Congress insists that those laws be followed .
MJ : A lot of things are left out of that though , correct ?
MN : Indeed there are .
There are loopholes big enough to drive trucks through .
And Congress needs to take a look at those laws and make sure that they ’re much more rigorous .
MJ : Now , this past summer , the salmonella strain that sickened 1,400 people was originally traced to tomatoes , but then peppers — why does it take so long to pinpoint the food that ’s making people sick that it ’s often eaten by the time we begin to track down its origin ?
MN : Well , there are several reasons for it .
One is that we do n’t have a farm - to - table food safety system .
I keep saying this .
It came as a big surprise to the FDA that tomatoes were being grown in the United States , sent to Mexico for packing , and then sent back .
I mean , they had no idea that our food chain worked like this .
The other is that it takes a while to figure out how outbreaks work .
If you ’re sick , first you have to associate your sickness with a food .
Then you have to report it to your doctor .
Then the doctor reports it to some state authority .
The state authority reports it to the federal authority .
By the time all that happens , two weeks have gone by .
MJ : We have a relatively safe food system though , right ?
MN : Well , that depends whether you ’re an optimist or a pessimist .
The Centers for Disease Control says that there are 76 million cases of food poisoning in the United States every year , 350,000 hospitalizations , and 5,000 deaths .
Is that a lot or a little ?
Well , it depends on how you look at it .
From where I sit , it ’s a lot , because a lot of this is preventable .
But if you look at the numbers of people in the United States — 350 million — times three meals a day times 365 days a year , 76 million is only a small proportion of that .
On the other hand , if you ’re one of the 76 million people who gets sick , if you ’re one of the 350,000 who has to go to the hospital , or if you — well , I guess if it ’s you it does n’t matter — but if somebody you know dies because of food poisoning , it becomes a very personal and serious problem .
MJ : When we have huge issues like genocide , global warming , a financial meltdown , why should we be concerned with food safety ?
MN : Well it ’s the same thing !
It ’s a government that is n’t doing its job .
It ’s exactly the same issue .
It seems to me all of these issues are greatly related .
If we have a food supply that we can’t trust , that has enormous implications for the way we view government , for the way we trust business , and for our international trade relations .
The pet food recall , which was after all just about pets , and treated as if it were an inconsequential matter , was an absolute forerunner of what ’s going on in China , where 50,000 infants have been sickened because of a contaminated infant formula .
So these things are all closely related .
You cannot separate the food supply for pets , farm animals , and people , and you cannot separate problems in one area of a country from problems in another area .
Last week I covered " Six favorites from six months of living in Louisville . "
In the interest of being fair and / or balanced , here are six aspects of life in The Ville that I 'm not so keen about .
Jerry Abramson 's subsidizing his vanity with our tax dollars
Travelers arriving at Louisville International are excused for thinking the airport 's name was actually named Jerry Abramson International : at least two banners showing enlargements of the mayor 's dapper mug greets them and a recorded welcome message with his voice provides the acoustic ambiance around the people mover .
Our tax dollars paid to string up this false idol and it'll be our tax dollars that pay to take him down ( hopefully soon ) .
And yet Mayor Jerry furloughed city employees -- some of whom barely get by , closed libraries on Sundays -- when students need them , and halted road paving -- my street 's so bad it gives me hemorrhoids , because the city does n't have the money .
Inexcusable .
Louisvillian 's obsession with high school
In most places , adults , or at least the successful ones , would rather forget about their high school .
experience .
Early on after I moved here , I was briefed that when someone asked , " Where did you go to school ? " he or she was referring to high school , not college .
It seemed bizarre , but I did n't expect to hear the question often .
Wrong .
I also discovered the response " public school in Reading , Ma. " is far less acceptable than St. X or that other Catholic school .
The high school obsession is n't restricted to reliving days of yore when waistlines were slimmer , heads of hair were fuller and dreams had n't been squashed .
No , a fair amount of people in Louisville seem to worship at the alter of he who scored 14 points that night .
For example , The Louisville Examiner Web site has about 35 writers covering just as many topics .
Almost daily the most - read column is the High School Sports Examiner .
So many people in Louisville are interested in the physical accomplishments and attributes of boys that I 'm about to call in Chris Hansen .
Need more proof that the area is a little too obsessed with high school ?
It might soon elect a governor based more on his prowess on the basketball court than in the political arena .
The front yard of the Barnstable Brown Party
The front lawn of one of the city 's marquee events looked like it'd been decorated by committee of second graders who 'd gained access to the PTA 's coffers .
Winter
I 'd never been to Louisville in the winter before I moved here and was n't expecting four straight months of intolerable gray .
I 've been inside caskets that were cheerier .
Pizza places
It 's not that the pizza restaurants in Louisville are bad , it 's just that none of them are great .
I 'm yet to find a restaurant that serves wood - fired pizzas , much less one that serves them with DOC designations .
Attention Louisville restaurateurs : please knock off Washington , DC's , 2 Amys ( it does a great business - - yes yuppies , such as myself , are willing to wait 90 minutes for pizza that good ) .
4th Street Live
In the early part of this decade Louisville had the opportunity to define the inner core of its downtown with unique attractions that embody its distinct culture .
Instead it added a gentrified , soulless complex like what you 'll find in second - tier cities , cities that desperately yearn to be worthwhile destinations , but have so little flavor that they have to import it from Baltimore of all places .
Louisville , you could have done better .
Everyone now ...
Well , sir , there 's nothing on earth
Like a genuine ,
Bona fide ,
Electrified ,
Six-car
Monorail !
What 'd I say ?
Monorail !
Got something you do n't like about Louisville ( beyond one of its eponymous dot com hiring some snarky carpetbaggger who 's been here for six months and writes about what he does n't like in your hometown ) ?
Share it in the comments .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Virgin Atlantic has reported a sharp rise in profits in the year to the end of February , bucking the trend seen by other airlines .
Annual pre-tax profits reached £ 68.4 m ( $ 109 m ) , nearly double the £ 34.8 m seen in the year earlier .
It said the results had been helped by a rise in premium fare passengers .
The results are in contrast to other airlines , including British Airways which reported an annual loss before tax of £ 401 m last week .
BA said the level of premium fare travellers had fallen by 13 % in the second half of its financial year and it had seen a rise in fuel costs .
Fuel costs Virgin Atlantic chief executive Steve Ridgway said : " We are winning market share from our competitors during the toughest trading environment ever . "
Talking to the BBC , Mr Ridgway added that successful hedging of fuel had helped the firm .
Hedging involves buying fuel at set prices in advance to avoid fluctuations in costs on the open market .
During the year , the price of oil veered from as much as $ 147 a barrel to as little as $ 38 .
The carrier spent close to £ 1bn on fuel for the year .
Tony Dixon , editor of Airliner World magazine , said hedging successfully was a key factor in boosting profits .
Conversely , airlines can be hard hit if they buy fuel " at the wrong time " , as Ryanair did , he added .
Another factor hitting airlines in recent months , including BA , was the weaker pound , as fuel is bought in dollars .
Mr Dixon said the outlook for 2009 / 10 was likely to be better for airlines , amid signs that fuel prices were more stable now than last year and the pound had recovered against the dollar .
Volatile Sir Richard Branson , the president and founder of Virgin Atlantic , said : " The last financial year has proven to be the most volatile yet in our 25 - year history . "
" To increase profits against a backdrop of such a severe recession is an excellent achievement by all of our staff at Virgin Atlantic . "
But Mr Ridgway warned : " This year is going to be tough , " adding that the airline would " cut costs as aggressively as possible " .
Group sales , which include sales from tour operator Virgin Holidays , increased by 8.4 % to £ 2.579bn from £ 2.38 bn in the year before .
Virgin Atlantic is challenging a possible tie - up between BA and American Airlines , citing competition concerns .
The airline , which employs about 8,500 staff , is 51 % - owned by Sir Richard Branson with Singapore Airlines owning the rest .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Abstract Background
The horns and frill of Triceratops and other ceratopsids ( horned dinosaurs ) are interpreted variously as display structures or as weapons against conspecifics and predators .
Lesions ( in the form of periosteal reactive bone , healing fractures , and alleged punctures ) on Triceratops skulls have been used as anecdotal support of intraspecific combat similar to that in modern horned and antlered animals .
If ceratopsids with different cranial morphologies used their horns in such combat , this should be reflected in the rates of lesion occurrence across the skull .
Methodology / Principal Findings
We used a G - test of independence to compare incidence rates of lesions in Triceratops ( which possesses two large brow horns and a smaller nasal horn ) and the related ceratopsid Centrosaurus ( with a large nasal horn and small brow horns ) , for the nasal , jugal , squamosal , and parietal bones of the skull .
The two taxa differ significantly in the occurrence of lesions on the squamosal bone of the frill ( P = 0.002 ) , but not in other cranial bones ( P>0.20 ) .
Conclusions / Significance
This pattern is consistent with Triceratops using its horns in combat and the frill being adapted as a protective structure for this taxon .
Lower pathology rates in Centrosaurus may indicate visual rather than physical use of cranial ornamentation in this genus , or a form of combat focused on the body rather than the head .
Citation : Farke AA , Wolff EDS , Tanke DH ( 2009 ) Evidence of Combat in Triceratops .
PLoS ONE 4 ( 1 ) : e4252 .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0004252
Editor : Paul Sereno , University of Chicago , United States of America Received : September 24 , 2008 ; Accepted : December 9 , 2008 ; Published : January 28 , 2009 Copyright : © 2009 Farke et al .
This is an open - access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License , which permits unrestricted use , distribution , and reproduction in any medium , provided the original author and source are credited .
Funding :
This work was funded in part by a National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship and a National Science Foundation grant ( EAR - 0819953 ) to AAF .
The funders had no role in study design , data collection and analysis , decision to publish , or preparation of the manuscript .
Competing interests :
The authors have declared that no competing interests exist .
Introduction Images of the three - horned dinosaur Triceratops battling with conspecifics or the predator Tyrannosaurus have become ingrained in both the scientific and the popular mind .
Lesions ( wounded or diseased areas ) on the horns , frill , and face of Triceratops specimens have been cited as evidence in support of the defensive and offensive nature of the animal 's cranial ornamentation [ 1 ] – [ 7 ] .
An alternative interpretation posits that these structures functioned in visual display rather than combat [ 1 ] , [ 8 ] .
To date , discussions of osteopathology in Triceratops have been anecdotal , focusing on generating speculative scenarios to explain instances of hypothesized injury [ 1 ] , [ 7 ] .
Without a rigorous statistical analysis , however , it is impossible to relate injury patterns to specific behaviors .
We surveyed cranial specimens from adult individuals of the ceratopsid dinosaurs Triceratops and Centrosaurus for bony lesions ( see Materials and Methods ) .
The two animals differ greatly in cranial ornamentation ; Triceratops has two large supraorbital horncores and a smaller nasal horncore , whereas Centrosaurus has a large nasal horncore and a pair of small supraorbital horncores ( Figure 1 ) .
In modern horned animals , the morphology and location of the horns is closely associated with combat styles [ 9 ] , [ 10 ] .
By analogy , it is then expected that if Centrosaurus and Triceratops engaged in horned combat with conspecifics , the two genera would have had very different forms of combat .
Thus , relative rates of lesion occurrence should differ between comparable cranial elements in both genera .
If cranial ornamentations were used exclusively for visual display and / or species recognition , and not for physical contact , the two taxa are predicted to have similar rates of incidence for cranial lesions in all comparable cranial elements .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 1 . Cranial lesions in horned dinosaurs .
Schematics of the skulls of ( A ) Triceratops and ( B ) Centrosaurus , showing incidence rates of lesions ( periosteal reactive bone and fracture calluses ) on each cranial element ( number of abnormal elements / total number of elements ) .
Not to scale .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0004252.g001
Discussion
We reject the possibility that a generalized pathogenic factor ( such as a habitat - specific fungal infection ) caused the differing prevalence of lesions between Triceratops and Centrosaurus , because all cranial elements should then show similar rates of incidence .
We also rule out predatory attacks as the primary cause of the lesions , because similar large predators ( tyrannosaurid theropods ) were present in the habitats for both genera , and we would thus expect similar patterns of osteological abnormalities in both .
Alternatively , it might be claimed that Triceratops had more frequent occurrence of lesions on the squamosal because this element forms a greater proportion of the frill 's exposed area , and was thus more likely to be injured , than in Centrosaurus ( e.g. , Figure 1 ) .
We tested this hypothesis by comparing the prevalence of lesions in the entire frill of both taxa and still found a significant difference between the two ( 3 pathological and 84 non-pathological specimens for Centrosaurus ; 10 pathological and 59 non-pathological specimens for Triceratops ; P = 0.012 ; see Materials and Methods for full explanation ) .
Instead , the evidence appears to be most consistent with the majority of cranial abnormalities in Triceratops being generated by the horns of conspecifics .
The observed instances of periosteal reactive bone and healing fractures are consistent with such non-random trauma , and the elevated rates of abnormal bone morphology within the frill bones are consistent with predictions from modeling of horn - to - horn combat [ 2 ] .
This suggests that the cranial ornamentation of ceratopsids , particularly Triceratops , was not only for visual display but that the horns also had a real role in physical combat .
It is important to note that we do not claim to infer a precise cause for individual pathologies on certain specimens ( that a slip of a horn during a specific bout caused the injury to the jugal in YPM 1822 , for example ; Figure 2A ) .
Certainly , at least some of the pathologies noted here may not be due to combat .
We only claim that the overall pattern in all of the specimens is consistent with intraspecific combat in Triceratops .
Non-ceratopsid neoceratopsians ( e.g. , Protoceratops ) , the evolutionary predecessors of ceratopsids , possessed a thin , enlarged frill but lacked elongated brow or nasal horns .
Thus , the primitive function of the frill ( in addition to a role in jaw muscle attachment ) was probably that of display rather than cervical protection [ 1 ] .
The later evolution of brow horns would have increased the importance of a protective function for the frill , assuming that the horns were used in combat .
The relatively thickened , solid frill of Triceratops may have been an exaptation for cervical protection , in addition to a role in display .
This suggests interesting possibilities for the factors that drove the evolution of cranial morphology in ceratopsids .
Display probably was an important function for the horns and frills in all ceratopsids , but not the only one .
Horned combat , and the consequences of injury from this combat , may have been another important selective factor .
Recent discoveries strongly suggest that Centrosaurus evolved from an ancestor with a Triceratops - like horn configuration [ 16 ] .
One evolutionary interpretation worthy of further consideration is that some ceratopsids ( such as Centrosaurus ) lost their long brow horns or changed combat styles as a way to reduce cranial injury .
This interpretation also suggests that the frill may not have had a protective function within Centrosaurus ( as evidenced by the reduced occurrence of lesions on the squamosal , relative to Triceratops ) , but instead functioned for species recognition and / or other forms of visual display .
Centrosaurus and some other ceratopsids may have focused blows on an opponent 's torso rather than the skull ; this is suggested by the occurrence of fractured ribs in Centrosaurus , Pachyrhinosaurus , and Chasmosaurus [ 17 ] .
Statistical analysis and comparison with rates of rib fracture in Triceratops , as well as rates of cranial bony anomalies in additional taxa , may be informative in further evaluating this hypothesis .
Clearly , horned dinosaurs used their cranial ornamentations for a variety of functions .
Materials and Methods Specimens of Triceratops and Centrosaurus were examined for evidence of bony abnormalities .
In order to increase sample size , it was assumed that isolated chasmosaurine ceratopsid elements from the Hell Creek and Lance Formations were referable to Triceratops .
This is appropriate because Triceratops is overwhelmingly the most common ceratopsid taxon in these formations , and because the cranial morphology ( particularly the horns ) is quite similar to other chasmosaurine from these formations ( Torosaurus and Diceratus ) .
No distinction was made between Triceratops species , Triceratops horridus and Triceratops prorsus , because of general similarity in horn morphology as well as the difficulty in assessing species for incomplete skulls .
A similar approach was used for Centrosaurus .
Two species , Centrosaurus apertus and Centrosaurus brinkmani , which differ only in minor details of the horns and frill , were combined in the sample .
Additional isolated centrosaurine specimens from the Dinosaur Park Formation of Alberta were also assumed to belong to Centrosaurus .
Cranial elements chosen for comparison included the nasal ( exclusive of the nasal horncore ) , jugal , squamosal , and parietal ( Figure 1 ) , and they were selected based on their abundance in the fossil record .
All specimens were examined firsthand on original fossil material .
Abnormalities were identified as such by comparison to “ normal ” elements .
Individuals that were obviously juvenile or subadult ( as determined by periosteal bone texture and development of ornamentation ) were excluded , in order to control for possible behavioral changes during ontogeny .
Each examined element was coded as “ pathological ” or “ normal , ” and the side of the element ( right or left ) was also recorded .
Because the parietal bone is fused into a single bilaterally symmetric element , right and left sides of the bone were distinguished relative to the midline .
In Centrosaurus , some specimens preserved the midline bar of the frill and only one side .
In this case , the elements were scored as belonging to the side that was predominantly preserved , in order to avoid inflating the sample size .
Similarly , parietals consisting primarily of the midline bar were also scored only as a single element .
For each element , the data were assembled into a 2 × 2 matrix , with rows representing taxon and columns representing pathological state .
For associated specimens preserving both right and left elements , each side was counted separately in the matrix .
This is appropriate , because the pathologies counted here presumably represented discrete events in the life of the animal instead of systemic conditions [ 14 ] .
In order to test the hypothesis that rates of lesion occurrence within elements were independent of taxon , a G - test of independence was applied to each 2 ×2 matrix [ 14 ] , [ 15 ] .
A significant test indicated that rate of occurrence was not independent of taxon .
The squamosal , relative to the parietal , forms a greater proportion of the frill in Triceratops than in Centrosaurus ( Figure 1 ) .
In order to test whether this could explain why Triceratops more commonly exhibited lesions on the squamosal ( because it could be argued that the greater surface area , rather than any behavioral factor , caused this ) , we conducted a second analysis looking at the frill as a single element .
As before , left and right frills ( one squamosal plus one half of a parietal ) were counted separately , and disarticulated or isolated frill elements were considered to represent a single “ frill ” in order to maximize sample size .
This latter assumption was modified for specimens recovered from bonebeds , in order to reduce the possibility that a single individual ( represented by two squamosals and two parietals ) would be over counted .
Here , the number of squamosals and parietals from each bone bed sample were compared , and the element with the greatest representation was chosen as the N of frills for that locality .
For instance , a site with 5 parietals and 8 squamosals would be considered to have 8 individual frills ( rather than 13 , if the numbers were just added ) .
Supporting Information Table S1 .
Specimens included in this study , by element .
Each specimen number listed is for a single element .
Where numbers are listed twice ( once in pathological , once in nonpathological ) or indicated with a parentheses ( 2 ) , this indicates that two elements from the same individual were included in the sample .
Abbreviations : AMNH , American Museum of Natural History , New York , New York ; ASU , Appalachian State University , Boone , North Carolina ; CCM , Carter County Museum , Ekalaka , Montana ; CMN , Canadian Museum of Nature , Ottawa , Ontario ; DMNH , Denver Museum of Nature and Science , Colorado ; RAM , Raymond M. Alf Museum of Paleontology , Claremont , California ; ROM , Royal Ontario Museum , Toronto , Ontario ; SDSM , South Dakota School of Mines and Technology Museum of Geology , Rapid City ; TLAM , Timber Lake Area Museum , South Dakota ; TMP , Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology , Drumheller , Alberta ; UCMP , University of California Museum of Paleontology , Berkeley ; USNM , National Museum of Natural History , Washington , D.C. ; YPM , Yale Peabody Museum of Natural History , New Haven , Connecticut .
ffracture callus ; pperiosteal reactive bone https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0004252.s001
( 0.02 MB DOC )
Acknowledgments
We thank M. Bell , C. Forster , E. Rega , S. Sampson , and J. Scannella for discussion , and B. Alley , M. Brett - Surman , D. Brinkman , M. Carrano , J. Gardner , M. Goodwin , A. Heckert , J. Horner , K. Johnson , W. Joyce , J. Martin , C. Mehling , J. Nelson , M. Norell , K. Padian , K. Seymour , K. Shepherd , and W . White for access to specimens .
We also thank S. Nichols , S. Sampson , and P. Sereno for helpful comments on previous versions of the manuscript .
Author Contributions Conceived and designed the experiments : AAF .
Performed the experiments : AAF .
Analyzed the data : AAF .
Wrote the paper : AAF EDSW DHT .
Collected data : AAF EDSW DHT .
" There are two different kinds of Basiji , " said Hamid Salehi , who still endures lung problems after surviving an Iraqi gas attack .
" There are the real Basiji like us , who participated and volunteered in the war , and then there are those who support the president , who just use it as a label . "
Alan Johnson would deny David Cameron an overall majority at the next general election if Labour ditched Gordon Brown and installed him as prime minister , according to a new poll for The Independent .
The ComRes survey provides the first evidence that a change of leader could dramatically transform Labour 's prospects .
The findings were described as " stunning " by rebel Labour MPs last night .
They believe it could influence Labour 's agonised debate over whether it should back or sack the beleaguered Prime Minister .
Under Mr Brown 's leadership , the Conservative Party would win an overall majority of 74 , according to ComRes .
But if Mr Johnson , the Home Secretary , replaced Mr Brown , the Tories would be six seats short of a majority in a hung parliament – raising the prospect of a deal between Labour and the Liberal Democrats to keep the Tories out .
Mr Johnson is the only one of eight possible Labour leaders who could prevent an outright Tory victory .
Under Jack Straw , David Miliband , Jon Cruddas , Ed Balls , Harriet Harman , James Purnell or Mr Brown , Mr Cameron would win a majority of between 10 and 94 , ComRes found .
Significantly , Labour would do better under Mr Straw , Mr Miliband , Mr Cruddas and Mr Balls than under Mr Brown .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Johnson is also the most popular of the eight contenders among people who regard themselves as natural Labour supporters and among people who backed the party at the last general election .
Charles Clarke , who called on the Prime Minister to stand down at a packed meeting of the Parliamentary Labour Party ( PLP ) last night , said of the ComRes survey : " This poll is the convincing evidence that Labour needs a serious and considered debate about its future direction and leadership . "
Labour MPs recalled that similar polls , suggesting that a change of leader would revive Tory fortunes , contributed to Margaret Thatcher 's ousting by her backbenchers and ministers in 1990 .
Mr Brown was cheered as he arrived at what had been billed as a meeting that could decide his fate .
There was unusually candid criticism during the heated 90 - minute session as three former ministers – Fiona McTaggart , Tom Harris and Mr Clarke – told him to his face the fact that he should stand down .
Siobhain McDonagh , a former whip , also called on Mr Brown to go .
The Prime Minister won the backing of most of those present .
Striking a note of humility , he told the meeting : " I have my strengths and I have my weaknesses .
I know I do some things well and some things I do n't do well .
But I 've learnt that I have to keep listening all the time . "
Mr Brown promised to consult more widely inside his party , run a more collective leadership and to be more open and transparent in the way he ran Downing Street .
He pledged to be a full - time Labour leader as well as a full - time Prime Minister .
Dismissing calls for his resignation , he said : " You solve the problem not by walking away but by facing it , doing something about it . "
He warned that previous Labour governments had been brought down by a combination of economic problems and party disunity .
He insisted there were no huge ideological differences within the party , telling the meeting : " There is n't a resignation letter I have seen that mentions policy differences . "
He insisted he was not begging for unity but was " making an argument for unity " , adding : " I am here because of what I am and what I can offer to this progressive age because I know what needs to be done . "
A string of Labour grandees , led by the former leader Lord Kinnock , rallied support behind the Prime Minister .
He warned that divisions equalled the " death penalty " in politics .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
David Blunkett , the former Home Secretary , told the rebels they had 24 hours to " put up or shut up , " warning : " We can not take this blood - letting any longer . "
Brown allies said afterwards they were confident he would survive and claimed the plot to unseat him was fizzling out .
Some potential rebels admitted it might be put on hold until the autumn , despite Labour 's disastrous performance in the European elections , in which it came third behind Ukip after winning on a historic low 15 per cent of the vote .
The Prime Minister 's attempt to steady the ship ran into more problems when Jane Kennedy , an Environment minister , refused to serve in his administration .
She accused Mr Brown of sanctioning smear campaigns against Labour politicians and the undermining of his critics .
Stephen Byers , the Blairite former cabinet minister told the meeting staged by the modernisers group Progress last night : " We need a leader who regards Labour Party members as assets to be valued .
A leader who sees Labour MPs as colleagues to be worked with and not threats to be briefed against ...
A leader who is decisive and not timid .
Who can inspire and take our country through these difficult times .
We need a leader who can win for Labour at the next general election and not take us to a humiliating defeat .
Gordon Brown is not that leader . "
Mr Byers added : " Gordon Brown knows who will pay the real price of a Labour defeat .
So for those people , families and communities who need a Labour government to protect and promote their interests , Gordon Brown should stand down now as Labour leader and Prime Minister . "
Frank Field , another former minister , said : " Labour cannot win with the present Prime Minister .
I was one of the seven who would not support his coronation after Tony Blair was shoehorned out of No 10 .
But even I did n't think a Brown administration would be as inept as this one . "
The ComRes poll puts the Tories on 38 per cent ( up eight points since its last survey a week earlier ) , Labour on 22 per cent ( no change ) , the Liberal Democrats on 20 per cent ( up two points ) and other parties on 20 per cent ( down 10 points ) .
The C2 skilled manual workers and people in the bottom DE social group are twice as likely to vote Tory than Labour , confirming that Mr Brown 's party has suffered disproportionately from the scandal over MPs ' expenses .
The Tories retain the support of 88 per cent of those who voted for them at the 2005 general election , while 63 per cent of Labour voters would back the party in an election now .
So would 74 per cent of those who endorsed the Liberal Democrats .
Last night , some Brown critics acknowledged that the rebellion was fading .
One left - winger said : " He has probably done enough .
The idea of an early general election is terrifying colleagues . "
One leading rebel said : " I 'm pretty pessimistic .
I think Gordon 's going to survive , but discontent will rumble on .
There will be simmering disharmony .
That is the worst possible scenario for the Labour Party .
" My gut instinct tells me that the carrots and severe sticks from No 10 and the whips have persuaded people to move over .
People are being threatened with being smeared in the tabloids if they did n't fall into line . "
ComRes telephoned 1,001 GB adults between June 5 - 7 , 2009 .
Data were weighted by past vote recall .
ComRes is a member of the British Polling Council and abides by its rules .
Independent poll :
Which leader would put the smile back on Labour 's face ?
Alan Johnson , Home Secretary
Man most likely to succeed Gordon Brown if he is toppled before general election .
Election result with him as leader :
Con 36 % Labour 26 % Lib Dems 19 % ( Con six seats short of majority . )
Support among Labour identifiers : 76 %
Jack Straw , Justice Secretary
His withdrawal of support could finish Brown .
Election result with him as leader :
Con 36 % Labour 25 % Lib Dems 19 % ( Con majority of 10 )
Support among Labour identifiers : 71 per cent
David Miliband , Foreign Secretary
Raised profile last summer but campaign faltered
Election result with him as leader :
Con 37 % Labour 25 % Lib Dems 19 % ( Con majority : 30 )
Support among Labour identifiers : 73 %
Jon Cruddas , Backbencher
Turned down ministerial job and enjoys support on left of party .
Election result with him as leader :
Con 36 % Labour 22 % Lib Dems 21 % ( Con majority of 42 . )
Support among Labour identifiers : 69 per cent
Ed Balls , Schools Secretary
Brown 's favoured successor .
Ambition to become Chancellor .
Election result with him as leader :
Con 37 % Labour 23 % Lib Dems 20 % ( Con majority of 46 )
Support among Labour identifiers : 67 per cent
Gordon Brown , Prime Minister
Hoping to see off plotters as Cabinet did not join revolt
Election result with him as leader :
Con 38 % Labour 22 % Lib Dems 20 % ( Con majority : 74 )
Support among Labour identifiers : 71 per cent
Harriet Harman , Deputy leader
Would be strong candidate in full - scale leadership contest .
Election result with her as leader :
Con 38 % Labour 22 % Lib Dems 20 % ( Con majority of 74 )
Support among Labour identifiers : 67 per cent
James Purnell , Former cabinet minister
Blairite who quit as Work and Pensions Secretary last Thursday .
Would win respect if Brown was ousted .
Election result with him as leader :
Con 38 % Labour 21 % Lib Dems 21 % ( Con majority of 94 )
Support among Labour identifiers : 66 per cent
Image display was added in version 4 of MATLAB , sometime around 1990 .
Many observant users noticed that the low - level image display object had default pixel values .
In other words , if you called image with no input arguments , it would display a small image .
If you were a MATLAB 4 user , you might have seen something like this :
When MATLAB 5 was released , some users noticed that the default image had changed .
image colormap ( gray ( 32 ) ) axis ij
A few users also noticed that the pixel values in the new default image were not integers .
h = findobj ( gcf , ' type ' , ' image ' ) ; cdata = get ( h , ' CData ' ) ; cdata( 1:3,1:3 )
ans = 11.2307 12.4251 10.4251 14.4251 15.7483 13.7483 12.3938 13.7483 12.7483
Is there something interesting about the fractional part ?
imagesc( cdata - floor ( cdata ) )
Apparently so .
I now confess - you can blame me for all of this .
I told this story in public for the first time last week at the IEEE International Conference on Image Processing in Atlanta , GA .
Now , dear blog readers , you get to hear it , too .
I joined The MathWorks toward the end of 1993 .
Sometime in 1994 , the company held its first employee charity auction .
One of the " items " put up for bid was the right to choose the default image for MATLAB 5 , which was then under development .
As the new " image processing guy " in development , I felt some responsibility to bid .
( At least , that 's the way I tried to explain it later to my wife . )
As it turned out , another MathWorks developer really wanted to win this item , so to win it I ended up paying big bucks .
( It 's all for charity , I kept reminding myself . )
Once I won the auction , I had to decide what image to pick .
During this time , I frequently heard complaints from users that MATLAB could only handle double - precision values .
( That lasted until 1997 . )
Because I heard so much about this issue , I decided that I would use all of the mantissa bits for the new default image .
I solicited ideas from my fellow developers for what to include .
Here are the various images " hidden " in different bit slices of the default image pixel values .
( To run the code yourself , download this little utility function , bitslice . )
The image stored in the 5 most - significant bits is the one you usually see .
This is my oldest son .
defimage = pow2 ( get ( 0 , ' DefaultImageCData ' ) ,47 ) ; mag = 200 ; imshow ( bitslice ( defimage , 47,51 ) , ' initialmag ' , mag ) ;
The next 5 bits show a dog that belonged to a MathWorks developer .
imshow ( bitslice ( defimage , 42,46 ) , ' initialmag ' , mag ) ;
Here 's another MathWorks pet .
imshow ( bitslice ( defimage , 37,41 ) , ' initialmag ' , mag ) ;
This famous matrix is the inverse of the 3 - by - 3 Hilbert matrix .
imshow ( bitslice ( defimage , 36,36 ) , ' initialmag ' , mag ) ;
This is a low - resolution version of the company 's original logo .
imshow ( bitslice ( defimage , 35,35 ) , ' initialmag ' , mag ) ;
Loren 's favorite number .
imshow ( bitslice ( defimage , 34,34 ) , ' initialmag ' , mag ) ;
3 - by - 3 magic square .
imshow ( bitslice ( defimage , 33,33 ) , ' initialmag ' , mag ) ;
My youngest son .
imshow ( bitslice ( defimage , 28,32 ) , ' initialmag ' , mag ) ;
A famous magic square hidden in Albrecht Durer 's Melancolia .
imshow ( bitslice ( defimage , 23,27 ) , ' initialmag ' , mag ) ;
I could n't resist a kind of visual pun .
This is the original MATLAB " eight - bit image . "
( That 'll tell you something about my sense of humor . )
imshow ( bitslice ( defimage , 18,22 ) , ' initialmag ' , mag ) ;
Loren at age 4 .
imshow ( bitslice ( defimage , 13,16 ) , ' initialmag ' , mag ) ;
Wilkinson , Givens , and Forsythe , from the 1964 Gatlinburg Conference on Numerical Algebra .
imshow ( bitslice ( defimage , 9,12 ) , ' initialmag ' , mag ) ;
Me .
imshow ( bitslice ( defimage , 5,8 ) , ' initialmag ' , mag ) ;
The original default image from MATLAB 4 is still in there .
imshow ( bitslice ( defimage , 1,4 ) , ' initialmag ' , mag ) ;
Finally , a certain combination of three bit slices makes a yellow pig with the number 17 superimposed on it .
I 've been told this is some sort of secret joke within a certain mathematical community .
r = bitslice ( defimage , 0,0 ) ; g = bitslice ( defimage , 17,17 ) ; b = bitslice ( defimage , 34,34 ) ; imshow ( cat ( 3 , r , g , b ) , ' initialmag ' , mag ) ;
There you have it - the complete story of the MATLAB default image .
A JavaScript - enabled browser is required to use the " Get the MATLAB code " link .
There has been a lot of worthless chatter about what President Barack Obama should say about Iran ’s incipient “ Green Revolution . ”
Sorry , but Iranian reformers do n’t need our praise .
They need the one thing we could do , without firing a shot , that would truly weaken the Iranian theocrats and force them to unshackle their people .
What ’s that ?
End our addiction to the oil that funds Iran ’s Islamic dictatorship .
Launching a real Green Revolution in America would be the best way to support the “ Green Revolution ” in Iran .
Oil is the magic potion that enables Iran ’s turbaned shahs 
“ Shah Khamenei ” and “ Shah Ahmadinejad ”  to snub their noses at the world and at many of their own people as well .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad behaves like someone who was born on third base and thinks he hit a triple .
By coincidence , he ’s been president of Iran during a period of record high oil prices .
So , although he presides over an economy that makes nothing the world wants , he can lecture us about how the West is in decline and the Holocaust was a “ myth . ”
Trust me , at $ 25 a barrel , he wo n’t be declaring that the Holocaust was a myth anymore .
The Obama team wants to pursue talks with Iran over its nuclear program , no matter who wins there .
Fine .
But the issue is not talk or no talk .
The issue is leverage or no leverage .
I love talking to people  especially in the Middle East  on one condition : that we have the leverage .
As long as oil prices are high , Iran will have too much leverage and will be able to resist concessions on its nuclear program .
With oil at $ 70 a barrel , our economic sanctions on Iran are an annoyance ; at $ 25 , they really hurt .
“ People do not change when you tell them they should ; they change when they tell themselves they must , ” observed Michael Mandelbaum , the Johns Hopkins University foreign policy specialist .
And nothing would tell Iran ’s leaders that they must change more than collapsing oil prices .
COLUMBIA , SC – Weekly World News reporters have tracked down Governor Sanford ’s Sasquatch lover for an exclusive interview .
Governor Mark Sanford of South Carolina admitted yesterday to having an extramarital affair .
His sudden disappearance last week and over the weekend attracted national attention .
Responses given by his aides about where he was over the 7 day period , “ walking in the woods and thinking , ” only attracted more attention .
These aides have since been fired .
While the Governor has come forward admitting to having an affair , he has attempted to protect the identity of his lover .
However the Weekly World News team has tracked down the cryptid home - wrecker .
Maria , an eastern ridgeback Sasquatch , agreed to meet with reporters in a hotel room near her home .
Though she cannot speak , she was able to communicate through descriptive grunts and an interpreter .
The two apparently met while Sanford was out hunting with other conservative lawmakers .
Sanford snuck up on her in a blind and from the first time their eyes met they knew there was a connection that spanned cultures , language , and species .
Sanford left his hunting party almost immediately and spent the rest of the weekend in her cave .
Since that fateful trip five years ago , the two have maintained their affair , seeing each other whenever possible .
Mary admits it was not an ideal situation , but the two felt compelled by a love that was larger than themselves .
Mary kept in contact with the Governor mostly through email , and frequented the same nearby internet café .
Transcripts of their emails are included below :
From Governor Sanford .
June 8th , 2008
Dearest Maria .
Tomorrow I leave Carolina for those wretched Bahamas .
Wretched because they take me even farther away from you .
Each morning when I awake to the sounds of tropical beaches , I will be thinking of you : the feel of your kisses , the curve of your hips , the downy softness of your pelt .
Though my mind and the great state of South Carolina pull me elsewhere , my heart is always in a cave with you .
My Eternal Love ,
Marky Warky
From Maria .
June 7th , 2008
To my Dearest Mark .
It seems like an eternity since I have held you in my arms , although I know it has only been days .
Your scent lingers in my fur , and that gives me comfort .
I ca n’t bring myself to bathe in the river and wash it away , not yet .
Until fate brings us together again , my heart and my body hunger for you .
Eternally yours ,
Maria
Related
If you wanted to build a robot that could go from one end of Washington Square Park to the other without your help how would you do it ?
How expensive in time and money would it be ?
Would you build or buy a navigation system ?
Construct a sensing system to detect obstacles ?
Or would you decide to take a different tact and use cute as your primary tool ?
ITP student Kacie Kinzer created a 10 - inch smiling robot called a Tweenbot that can only go straight .
For each journey Kacie would give the robot a destination and clearly label it .
Given the obstacles in its way and lack of navigation or steering systems the expectation was that the robot would not make it .
However the robot ’s avoidance of the uncanny valley and clearly written goal helped it out .
Humans would redirect the Tweenbot so it successfully reached its destination .
Below is a map of one Tweenbot journey :
Mission 1 : Get from the Northwest to the Southwest Corner of Washington Square Park / time : 42 minutes / number of people who intervened : 29
As Kacie describes on the site :
Over the course of the following months , throughout numerous missions , the Tweenbots were successful in rolling from their start point to their far - away destination assisted only by strangers .
Every time the robot got caught under a park bench , ground futilely against a curb , or became trapped in a pothole , some passerby would always rescue it and send it toward its goal .
Never once was a Tweenbot lost or damaged .
Often , people would ignore the instructions to aim the Tweenbot in the “ right ” direction , if that direction meant sending the robot into a perilous situation .
One man turned the robot back in the direction from which it had just come , saying out loud to the Tweenbot , “ You ca n’t go that way , it ’s toward the road . ”
So why do people help out the tweenbot ?
Personally I would not be able to resist assisting the anthropomorphized little robot .
The smile signals its innocent intentions and the Tweenbot ’s label makes it clear how to help .
It ’s something for designers and technologists to remember ; sometimes cute and clever can get the job done much cheaper and in less time than smart and expensive .
There are more Tweenbots coming so if you happen to see any friendly robots around your town lend a hand .
Here are some of the prototypes that are currently in development .
via Hacker News
According to early reports , an armed student in College Park , GA seems to have saved the lives of a bunch of his friends .
It ’s pretty clear from the reporting so far that he kept a bunch of them from being robbed and raped .
Here ’s the scoop :
Bailey said he thought it was the end of his life and the lives of the 10 people inside his apartment for a birthday party after two masked men with guns burst in through a patio door .
“ They just came in and separated the men from the women and said , ‘ Give me your wallets and cell phones , ’ ” said George Williams of the College Park Police Department .
Bailey said the gunmen started counting bullets .
“ The other guy asked how many ( bullets ) he had .
He said he had enough , ” said Bailey .
That ’s when one student grabbed a gun out of a backpack and shot at the invader who was watching the men .
The gunman ran out of the apartment .
The student then ran to the room where the second gunman , identified by police as 23 - year - old Calvin Lavant , was holding the women .
“ Apparently the guy was getting ready to rape his girlfriend .
So he told the girls to get down and he started shooting .
The guy jumped out of the window , ” said Bailey .
A neighbor heard the shots and heard someone running nearby .
“ And I heard someone say , ‘ Someone help me .
Call the police .
Somebody call the police , ’ ” said a neighbor .
The neighbor said she believes it was Lavant , who was found dead near his apartment , only one building away .
Bailey said he is just thankful one student risked his life to keep others alive .
“ I think all of us are really cognizant of the fact that we could have all been killed , ” said Bailey .
One female student was shot several times during the crossfire .
She is expected to make a full recovery .
The Power of Stupidity
By Giancarlo Livraghi
gian@gandalf.it
June 1996 [ See also The Power of Stupidity , Part II , written 15 months later . ]
A Special Report for
Entropy Gradient Reversals
I have always been fascinated with Stupidity .
My own , of course ; and that 's a big enough cause of anxiety .
But things get much worse when one has a chance to find out how Big People take Big Decisions .
We generally tend to blame awful decisions on intentional perversity , astute mischievousness , megalomania , etc .
They are there , all right ; but any careful study of history , or current events , leads to the invariable conclusion that the single biggest source of terrible mistakes is sheer stupidity .
When it combines with other factors ( as happens quite often ) the results can be devastating .
One of the many examples of stupidity is that intrigue and powermongering are called " machiavellian " .
Obviously nobody has read his books , as that is not what old Niccolò meant .
Another thing that surprises me ( or does it ? ) is the very little amount of study dedicated to such an important subject .
There are University departments for the mathematical complexities in the movements of Amazonian ants , or the medieval history of Perim island ; but I have never heard of any Foundation or Board of Trustees supporting any studies of Stupidology .
I have found very few good books on the subject .
One I read when I was a teenager , but never forgot .
It is called A Short Introduction to the History of Human Stupidity by Walter B. Pitkin of Columbia University , and was published in 1934 .
I found it by chance many years ago while browsing around my mother 's bookshelves ; and much to my delight , when I went to her home yesterday and looked for it , it was still there .
Old as it is , it 's still a very good book .
Some of Professor Pitkin 's observations appear extraordinarily correct sixty years later .
Now ... why did he call a 300 - page book a " short introduction " ?
At the end of the book , it says : Epilogue : now we are ready to start studying the History of Stupidity .
Nothing follows .
Professor Pitkin was a very wise man .
He knew that a lifetime was far too short to cover even a fragment of such a vast subject .
So he published the Introduction , and that was it .
Pitkin was well aware of the lack of previous work in the field .
He had a team of researchers hunt through the files of the Central Library in New York .
They found nothing .
According to Pitkin , there were only two books on the subject :
Aus der Geschichte der menschlichen Dummheit by Max Kemmerich , and Über die Dummheit by Lewenfeld .
Unfortunately I do n't understand German , though " Dummheit " sounds clear enough ; and I guess Kemmerich and Lewenfeld must have had a special abundance of material for their studies , considering what happened in Germany in 1933 and following years .
In Pitkin 's opinion , four people out of five are stupid enough to be called " stupid . "
That was one and a half billion people when he wrote the book ; it is over four billion now .
This , in itself , is quite stupid .
He observed that one of the problems of Stupidity is that nobody has a really good definition of what it is .
In fact geniuses are often considered stupid by a stupid majority ( though nobody has a good definition of genius , either ) .
But stupidity is definitely there , and there is much more of it than our wildest nightmares might suggest .
In fact , it runs the world -- which is very clearly proven by the way the world is run .
But somebody , fifty - four years later , came up with a rather interesting definition .
His name is Carlo M. Cipolla and he is Professor Emeritus of Economic History at Berkeley .
All of his books are in English , except two .
The first was published by " Il Mulino " in Bologna in 1988 .
In that book there is a little essay called The Basic Laws of Human Stupidity , which may be the best ever written on the subject .
Here are the Five Laws of Stupidity according to Carlo Cipolla :
First Law
We always underestimate the number of stupid people .
This is not as obvious as it sounds , says Cipolla , because :
people we had thought to be rational and intelligent suddenly turn out to be unquestionably stupid ; and day after day we are hampered in whatever we do by stupid people who invariably turn up in the least appropriate places .
He also observes that it is impossible to set a percentage , because any number we choose will be too small .
Second Law
The probability of a person being stupid is independent of any other characteristic of that person .
If you study the frequency of stupidity in the people who come to clean up classrooms after hours , you find that it is much higher than you expected .
You assume that this is related to their lower level of education , or to the fact that non-stupid people have better chances of obtaining good jobs .
But when you analyze students or University professors ( or , I would add , computer programmers ) the distribution is exactly the same .
Militant feminists may be incensed , says Cipolla , but the stupidity factor is the same in both genders ( or as many genders , or sexes , as you may choose to consider ) .
No difference in the sigma factor , as Cipolla calls it , can be found by race , color , ethnic heritage , education , etcetera .
Third ( and Golden ) Law
A stupid person is someone who causes damage to another person , or a group of people , without any advantage accruing to himself ( or herself ) -- or even with some resultant self - damage .
( We shall come back to this , because it is the pivotal concept of the Cipolla Theory . )
Fourth Law
Non-stupid people always underestimate the damaging power of stupid people .
They constantly forget that at any moment , and in any circumstance , associating with stupid people invariably constitutes an expensive mistake .
That ( I would say ) suggests that non-stupid people are a bit stupid -- but I shall get back to this point at the end .
Fifth Law
A stupid person is the most dangerous person in existence .
This is probably the most widely understood of the Laws , if only because it is common knowledge that intelligent people , hostile as they might be , are predictable , while stupid people are not .
Moreover , its basic corollary :
A stupid person is more dangerous than a bandit
leads us to the heart of the Cipolla Theory .
There are four types of people , he says , depending on their behavior in a transaction :
Hapless
Someone whose actions tend to generate self - damage , but also to create advantage for someone else .
Intelligent Someone whose actions tend to generate self - advantage , as well as advantage for others .
Bandit Someone whose actions tend to generate self - advantage while causing damage to others .
Stupid
We already have this definition in the Third Law .
Professor Cipolla uses a matrix that looks like this :
Y | | | H | +
I | | | |
-------------------
O -------------------
X - | + | | | S | - B | | |
The " X " axis measures the advantage gained from one 's actions .
The " Y " axis measures the advantage gained by another person ( or group ) .
Clearly , people in the " I " area are intelligent , people in the " B " area are bandits , people in the " H " area are hapless , and people in the " S " area are stupid .
It is also quite clear that , depending on where they fall in this matrix , people have a greater or lesser degree of stupidity , intelligence , banditism , etc .
One can develop quite a variety of combinations , such as smart bandits or stupid bandits , depending on the benefit - damage ratio .
( In this , Cipolla observes , the amount of damage is to be measured from the perspective of the victim , not the bandit , which makes most thieves and criminals quite stupid . )
I guess that from here on each of us can use this matrix to study stupidity and elaborate the application of the Cipolla Theory in all its many possible variations .
But that is not quite the end of the story .
Y | . | .
Hi | . | + I . | . | Hs . | . |
-------------------
O -------------------
X - | . + | . | . Bi | .
S | - . | Bs . | . | M
If we draw a diagonal line across the matrix , we find that everything on the upper right side of this line generates an improvement to the overall balance of the system , while events ( and people ) on the other side cause a deterioration .
A variety of interesting analyses can be conducted by studying variables in each of the four sectors , such a Sh and Sb , Ib and Ih , Hs and Hi , or as many sub-sectors as one may wish to define .
For instance , the " M " chord in the lower right side of the grid delineates the position of the " perfect bandit " : someone who causes exactly as much damage as he or she accrues gain .
Obviously , on the two sides of the diagonal you have " imperfect " bandits --
Bi are " intelligent bandits " and Bs are " stupid bandits . "
In a world populated exclusively by " perfect bandits , " the system as a whole would be balanced ; damage and advantage would cancel each other out .
The same effect would occur in a world populated by " perfectly hapless " people .
Of course intelligent people make the biggest contribution to society as a whole .
But , nasty as it may sound , intelligent bandits also contribute to an improvement in the balance of society by causing more advantage than harm overall .
" Hapless - intelligent " people , though they lose individually , can also have socially positive effects .
However , when stupidity gets into the act , the damage is enormously greater than the benefit to anyone .
This proves the original point : the single most dangerous factor in any human society is stupidity .
As a historian , Cipolla points out that , while the sigma factor ( stupidity ) is a constant in time as well as space , a strong upcoming society has a higher percentage of intelligent people , while a declining society has an alarming percentage of bandits with a strong stupidity factor ( sub - area Bs in the grid ) among the people in power , and an equally alarming percentage of hapless ( H area ) among those who are not in power .
Where are we now ?
That 's a good question ...
Cipolla also observes that intelligent people generally know they are , bandits are well aware of their attitude , and even hapless people have a sneaking suspicion that all is not right .
But stupid people do n't know they are stupid , and that is one more reason why they are extremely dangerous .
Which of course leads me back to my original , agonizing question : am I stupid ?
I have passed several IQ tests with good marks .
Unfortunately , I know how these tests work and that they do n't prove anything .
Several people have told me I am intelligent .
But that does n't prove anything , either .
They may simply be too kind to tell me the truth .
Conversely , they could be attempting to use my stupidity for their own advantage .
Or they could be just as stupid as I am .
I am left with one little glimpse of hope : quite often , I am intensely aware of how stupid I am ( or have been ) .
And this indicates that I am not completely stupid .
At times , I have tried to locate myself in the Cipolla matrix , using as far as possible measurable results of action , rather than opinion , as a yardstick .
Depending on the situation , I seem to wander around the upper side of the grid , between the Hs and Ib areas ; but in some cases I am desperately lost in Sh .
I just hope I am on the right side of the diagonal as often as I think .
On a broader scale , one would expect the strongest success factors to lie in the Ib and Bi subsectors .
However , the staggering number of Sb and even
Sh people who have wonderful careers can be only explained by a strong desire on the part of many leaders to be surrounded by as many stupid people as possible .
When I read the book , I liked it so much that I wrote a letter to Carlo Cipolla .
( I have done this sort of thing only twice in my life ) .
Much to my surprise , he answered , briefly but kindly .
I had two questions :
" Can I have the original unpublished English text , for my English speaking friends ? "
The answer was no .
( He did n't say why , but I have a hunch . )
" What do you think of my ' corollary ' to your theory ? "
In this case , the answer was " Well ... why not , maybe ... " -- which I took as Enthusiastic Approval and Endorsement of ...
Livraghi's Corollary to Cipolla's First Law
In each of us there is a factor of stupidity , which is always larger than we suppose .
This creates a three - dimensional grid and I do n't think I have to take you through the steps , because no stupid ( or timid ) person would have had the courage to read this far .
Of course , one can introduce other variables , such as our own H and B factors , and other people 's S , H and B .
It may be wise to forget I , as there never is enough of that ; however , do consider B , because even the most generous person can sometimes behave like a bandit , if only by mistake .
These additional factors generate multi-dimensional models that can get fairly difficult to manage .
But even if we consider only our individual sigma values , the complexity can become quite staggering .
Try it for yourself ... and get really scared .
Go to
The Power of Stupidity , Part II
Entropy Gradient Reversals
All Noise - All the Time
Disclaimer Nothing to disclaim at this time .
Advertisement
This is the greatest electronic newsletter ever created .
If you think so too , it 's free .
If you do n't think so , the annual subscription rate is $ 1000 .
Either way , to subscribe send email to egr-list-request@rageboy.com saying simply subscribe on a single line in the BODY of the message .
Or , go to http://www.rageboy.com/sub-up.html
where it will tell you to do the same thing .
No Animals Will Be Harmed in the Making of This Subscription .
Entropy Gradient Reversals CopyLeft Christopher Locke clocke@rageboy.com
http://www.rageboy.com
" reality leaves a lot to the imagination ... "
John Lennon
Name ?
Turns out it was in my wallet the whole time ...
- Ray
Alt - Text : Name ?
Sigh , it looks like Apple 's habit of squeezing iPod accessory manufacturers for license fees has now extended to freaking headphones -- iLounge is reporting that the new iPod shuffle can only be controlled by headphones with a special hardware authentication chip .
That means that third parties will have to pay Apple for the privilege of making shuffle - compatible accessories , and you can bet they 'll just pass that cost right on to consumers -- we would n't expect any cheap headphone adapters or inexpensive replacement headphones for the littlest iPod.
iLounge calls this a " nightmare scenario " for iPod fans , and we 're inclined to agree -- it 's one thing for Apple to require the Made For iPod certification for accessories that interface with the dock connector , but trying to lock down headphones is a sad new low , and it makes the lack of physical controls on the shuffle seem even more ridiculous .
Anyone still planning on buying this thing ?
“ When that chorus is sung sharp , if it ’s sung well emotionally , it ’s something you can manage with Auto - Tune and preserve that performance with the things that are important…use it not as a crutch , but as a tool to refine . ”
About Us The Green Stationery Company selects products that are environmentally benign or have environmental advantages over the standard stationery equivalents .
We aim to maintain sustainable business practices within a culture that respects all life and honours its independence , and to ease our customers ' path to a modern , low - impact office .
View my complete profile
Who we are and how we work The Green Stationery Company is a pioneering environmental business .
We began life in 1989 as a locally - based supplier of recycled paper called Bath Green Papers , and evolved in 1993 to offer a national service : the Green Stationery Company was born .
We operate on the Schumacher Principle that ' small is beautiful , ' keeping the company 's physical size as small as possible so we can achieve the lowest ecological footprint .
We 've invested heavily in the latest technology so we can provide the most efficient service to our ever increasing number of customers , yet keep our business size relatively small .
We use only reclaimed packaging materials to protect our customer 's orders , and these are sourced from local businesses along Walcot Street .
The only energy used in the office is renewably - sourced electricity and we produce minimal waste ( only one black bin bag every two weeks ) , with all other materials being re-used or composted .
The diesel used by our couriers is offset through Rainforest Concern 's ' Forest Credits ' scheme - community - owned watershed projects based in Intag , Ecuador , which provides both clean water to the indigenous peoples there , and reforests the Amazon rainforest .
We also have an electric assisted peddle bike for small local deliveries .
Our staff are knowledgeable and willing to give you advice on individual products and their wider impacts .
There are five of us in the office , and the hours are flexible , so that staff can lead full lives as artists , campaigners , and - occasionally - normal people .
We all get a say in how the company runs , and working life is generally relaxed , and has the tendency to meander into rambling discussions about deep ecology and the meaning of life , whatever that is .
The majority of the business is owned by the founder and managing director Jay Risbridger .
Jay has a degree in the History of Ideas and a working background in overseas development and the recycled paper industry .
He has been active in green politics and has dedicated his working life to the development of green and ethical business .
We are an open business
We believe a business is only as ethical and green as it is open and transparent .
Many businesses demonstrate their credentials by some Eco label or certification scheme that proves it has reduced its environmental impact .
In reality any business can conform to some quality mark or another .
Mark Twain famously said there are Lies , Damn Lies and Statistics .
In the world of environmental performance you can prove anything you want with the right analysis .
To accurately judge a business , consumers much have all the information concerning the activities of a company , not just the part the business wants them to see .
This is why we are a pioneering member of SEE and believe business transparency is the only way to give customers confidence in the truth of our claims .
Even the UK parliament now recognises that certification ( of MP ’s expenses ) is no substitute for transparency and the publication of information .
We are not great fans of carbon foot - printing as it does very little to change the behaviour of businesses .
In many cases it is an exercise adopted by organisations to come up with a quantification of their environmental damage so that they can pay to offset this damage and carry on with their usual practices .
In addition many environmental and quality standards adopted by big business can be a very complex and time consuming to calculate .
They are only used by large businesses that have the staff and resources to complete the certification process .
In many ways this is a type of restrictive practise with the aim of excluding smaller enterprises who cannot meet the cost of making these measurements , often of dubious validity .
The idea that certification and foot - printing is some sort of objective , quantifiable measure of environmental performance can be mistaken .
As with all Green issues there are political , social and economic interests involved and one has to take a qualitative position about which processes are beneficial to the environment .
In the case of paper , the UK needs to recycle more and buy more recycled products to reduce landfill .
There are also large energy savings made in recycling fibres rather than breaking down trees into virgin wood pulp .
However the virgin paper manufacturers will add the planting of trees into their calculation to reduce their carbon footprint .
They will also add the fuel used in the collection of waste paper to increase the carbon footprint of recycled papers .
By making this type of calculation some producers claim virgin papers have a lower environmental foot print than recycled papers .
In reality the collection of waste papers should be a cost borne by the original producers and the paper recyclers should be paid for clearing up the manufacturer ’s waste products .
This would go a long way to making recycled papers cheaper to buy than virgin papers .
As you can see these are the views of a committed Green Business and we do not expect everyone to agree with us , but they will give you an idea about how we feel and what we believe .
We are always happy to have a dialogue with anyone who shares our concerns and look forward to your comments .
The Green Stationery Company for all your office supplies
We offer a competitive and friendly service where customers can always talk to a member of staff to clarify any issues .
We are happy to look at customers ' individual requirements and generally the company has a ' can do ' attitude towards its service .
Buying green office products does not mean a compromise on the price and quality of your stationery service .
The Green Stationery Company is now in its 16th year of operation and we supply over 2,000 small , medium and large organisations with all their office needs .
We do the work of finding and supplying the best green office products available in the UK today : so when you order from us , you are ensuring the greenest possible supply chain .
We offer the best prices and discounts on eco-friendly stationery and do not charge a premium for green items , unlike many office product dealers .
We are also a mine of information on the green office and we can untangle most of the competing environmental claims made by manufacturers .
Green purchasing is an essential element in reducing the huge amount of waste generated by our disposable consumer culture , endemic in most standard offices .
As well as our green products , we supply all the other standard products your office needs , where no eco-friendly alternative exists .
This business helps support our green range , as well as being more convenient for our customers .
We produce a full standard stationery products catalogue and can offer excellent discounts for regular users .
We are the only dedicated green stationery dealer in the UK and your custom is essential for the development of this market .
Avoid Greenwash : we are a real green business !
At the Green Stationery Company we aim to have the lowest environmental impact possible and make our activities socially and ethically sound .
We publish information on everything we do through our SEE ( Social , Environmental & Ethical ) companies entry , so you can make your own judgement about our working practices .
Many office supplies companies are now highlighting recycled products in their marketing and claiming to be green businesses , but this is just Greenwash designed to exploit people 's real concerns .
We ’ve noticed many of these companies , masquerading as environmentally concerned businesses , appearing on the web .
As environmental issues have become more main - stream , many companies are engaging in some form of environmental activity and claiming to be ' green businesses ' .
We believe to be a real green business all the activities of a company should respect the environment and operate ethically .
A recent Corporate Social Responsibility survey named British American Tobacco , Shell , Nestle and Xstrata Mining in the top ten performing companies .
Jonathon Porritt called the inclusion of BAT a sick joke .
He pointed out that companies could spend a lot on environmental and social activities , while the business itself does not demonstrate any social or environmental responsibility at all .
At the Green Stationery Company we aim to have the lowest environmental impact possible and make our activities socially and ethically sound .
We publish information on everything we do through our SEE ( Social , Environmental & Ethical ) companies entry , so you can make your own judgement about our working practices .
Many office supplies companies are now highlighting recycled products in their marketing and claiming to be green businesses , but this is just Greenwash designed to exploit people 's real concerns .
We ’ve noticed many of these companies , masquerading as environmentally concerned businesses , appearing on the web .
www.SEEwhatyouarebuyinginto.com
We are a small business
In the UK over 90 % of all businesses employ less than 5 people .
Big business gets all the plaudits and the government aid but small business is the social backbone of our economy .
We believe that supporting small business is the only way to create a sustainable economy .
Adam Smith argued that the only moral and economic business was one that was owned by the people who worked in it .
He said that if your only interest in a business was to get a return on your capital , then you would never be concerned about how it operated or even if it was efficient .
Some economists even argue that large businesses never make profits , they just pass their costs onto the rest of society , borrow money on a vast scale and when eventually they go bust the tax payer picks up the debt because it ’s politically unacceptable to see so many jobs lost .
One only has to look at the most “ profitable ” companies in the economy to see this is a valid argument : the tobacco industry , the oil industry , car makers , arms manufacturers and we think we can now include the Banks , have all incurred massive public costs which they have never contributed towards .
But things are changing .
It has started with the tobacco industry and if the US government gets the power to act against the businesses that emit global warming gasses , the passing of environmental and social costs to the public by big business may soon come to a timely end .
Some genuine green and ethical businesses are not content to be small social businesses and have become addicted to growth to meet the demands of their investors .
These businesses operate much like supermarkets using their capital reserves to operate on low margins and gain market share by putting other small established companies out of business .
Once they have dominated the market place , the consumers get little choice and the prices go up .
No matter how strong the ethical and environmental beliefs may be , once a company goes down the endless growth road it seems doomed to adopt the unsustainable practices of big business .
Even Anita Roddick had to admit that Body Shop had lost its way as outside investors took more control .
In the end she decided to sell the whole business to L’Oreal and use the money for projects that had more social and environmental purpose .
Watch out for the new breed of glossy hyped green and ethical businesses that are appearing , backed by investors that think there are good returns to be made from customers concerned about the environment .
These businesses will be here today and gone tomorrow , gobbled up by the large multinationals .
The election crisis in Iran has captured the imagination of the Twitterverse in a way that no previous event has .
With Social Media being used by a daring few in Iran to spread word of the atrocities being carried out there , a huge movement of support for the Iranian people has emerged online .
Over the past two weeks it ’s become increasingly common to log into your favourite Twitter client and be confronted with a sea of green avatars .
Yes , the green - tinted avatar has become the symbol of support for Iranian democracy .
It only takes one click of an oft - retweeted link to give your avatar a green tint .
While it ’s great to see so many people engaging with global politics , the question has to be asked : what does turning your avatar green actually do ?
It might sound callous but if we ’re honest the answer is “ Not a lot ” .
The green avatar is a token gesture of support that does n’t do much , if anything , to actually help people in Iran .
What ’s more , it makes using Twitter more difficult for everyone .
Visually scanning through your Twitter stream for friends ’ tweets is a lot harder when everyone looks like The Incredible Hulk .
So , how can you make a real difference to the people of Iran ?
Kase Wickman , Editor at Air America Media has compiled a list of things you can do today .
These include :
Making a donation to the Red Crescent , an organisation allied with the Red Cross that is providing much - needed medical help in Iran .
Making a donation to Tehran Bureau , a recently - launched news organisation playing a vital role in getting news out of the country .
Many foreign journalists have already been asked to leave Iran or been arrested .
The more sources we have getting news to the wider world , the better .
If you have the know - how you can set up your own Twitter proxy to help Iranian Twitterers keep in contact with the outside world .
You could change your Twitter profile ’s Location and Time Zone information to match Tehran , hopefully confusing Iranian government censors .
You could contact the United Nations Human Rights Council , urging them to take action .
Looking at the sea of green that confronts me whenever I load up Tweetdeck , I sometimes feel guilty that I have n’t changed my avatar when many people I like and respect have .
To me it just felt like too much of a token gesture .
Now that I ’ve just donated $ 15 to Tehran Bureau I ’ve helped made a difference that a one - click avatar change can’t match .
Read next : Posterous adds autoposting to Picasa , Vimeo , Delicious , Friendfeed , YouTube and more .
Pin Share Email 2 Shares
First , I would like to thank Peter for letting me write an article here .
Being a Christian myself , I have been very impressed with how Peter shares his thoughts about what the bible says about money and other things .
I would like to talk about and highlight shady business practices , how many still fall for marketing hype and what we can do to avoid and not get involved in these industries .
I would also like to challenge everyone who works in these industries or any industry that has any ethical question marks over them to come up with ways to either not engage in these practices or leave your industry altogether .
But first , I would like to highlight some questionable business and marketing practices by businesses that are pretty much part of our everyday life .
“ For the love of money is a root of all kinds of evil , and by craving it , some have wandered away from the faith and pierced themselves with many pains .
– Timothy 6:10 : ”
Shady Mortgage Practices
We all know what happened in the mortgage industry that led to the whole real estate boom and bust .
In the good old days , banks were required to hold on to your mortgage on their balance sheet until you paid it off or until it matures .
With the innovation of securitization , banks did not really have to check if their mortgage applicants are really creditworthy since they will sell those mortgages off to investors anyway .
Mortgage brokers also knew that since banks did not really care as much about creditworthiness of their borrowers , they too became lax in their lending standards .
Since they were paid “ commissions ” for their sale , all that mattered was the sale !
When “ no income docs ” was first accepted in the mortgage , it was really meant for small business owners who really did not report their income fully or had better cash flow numbers than their “ income ” implied .
Instead , this got abused by the mortgage industry .
But happened will now go down in financial history as one of the great housing bubbles we have ever faced .
But are n’t we to a certain extent guilty of our lack of personal responsibilities when we took on loans that we could not have afforded ?
And to those mortgage brokers who pushed a loan even without proof of income , was n’t that not really ethical even though the banks accepted no docs ( or fake income declarations ) ?
“ Better is the poor who walks in his integrity , than he who is perverse in his ways , and he is rich .
Proverbs 28:6 ”
Get Rich Quick Schemes
You see that all over the internet .
Schemes promising “ instant riches ” .
Just follow the “ set formula ” and you will start earning passive income .
Look , ask Peter , it takes effort to build any business .
It takes effort for him to write great post so that readers keep coming back to this site .
Nothing is easy , anything worth doing requires hard work .
The worst thing is that not only are many of these schemes scams , but they are way overpriced and not appropriate .
I remember attending a David Bach “ free seminar ” that was conducted and there was a lawyer who was talking about reducing taxes .
He mentioned the concept of using a variety of techniques like a charitable remainder trust .
At the end of his speech , he then proceeded to sell his cookie cutter techniques for $ 4,000 .
What a rip off !
How could you sell a cookie cutter “ estate type planning ” when these sort of things have to be highly customized .
Stock Trading Techniques
Many folks sell their “ technical trading systems ” .
During that same David Bach seminar , one chap stood on the podium telling how his IMO “ backward looking ” software would have told you not to buy Enron , Worldcom , Ford etc during 2000 !
Here ’s the deal , if you discovered a secret technique to invest or day trade or an arbitrage opportunity that the financial market has not discovered , why tell the whole world ?
Why not use it yourself ?
You can set up a hedge fund , approach institutions and raise money .
If you are really that good , you will raise more money and earn the true big bucks like a really good hedge fund manager instead of subscribing to silly stock picking newsletter !
Sub Prime Credit Cards
The segment in the credit card industry ( my expertise ) where we see the most outrageous practice is in the sub prime sector .
Here , there are cards that are specifically issued for folks who have their credit slammed to the low 600s or 500s type score .
They also target folks who just come out of bankruptcy .
Using past history as their excuse , they charge a heck of a lot of fees .
When you apply for such cards , they will have to pay an upfront application or processing fee .
On top top of that , you have to pay an annual fee and in many cases , a monthly “ maintenance ” fee ( whatever that is for ) .
They are not ashamed to charge you rates of 19 % or more !
Heck , the fees are more expensive than an Amex Gold Charge Card !
I get many emails from my readers asking me to recommend credit cards for people with bad credit .
I usually suggest that they consider getting secured credit cards instead because you do not get charged outrageous fees .
But still , most end up getting an unsecured sub prime card even though it is more cost effective ( fee wise ) to get a secured card !
Does ego have anything to do with this ?
Now , if these cards disclosed their fees openly , that is all good and fine ( well , still not really ) .
What what they do is to send junk mails to residents and tell them that “ THEY CAN GET A CREDIT CARD EVEN WITH BAD CREDIT ” or “ NO CREDIT CHECKS ” .
Unfortunately , most people never ask or even read the fine print if there is any .
The FTC has sued a few companies like Compucredit for deceptive marketing !
“ Dishonest money dwindles away , but he who gathers money little by little makes it grow .
Proverbs 13:11 ”
Colleges getting paid for credit card sign ups
Nobody really knew about these practices until recently .
But credit card companies have been paying “ commissions ” to colleges whenever a student signs up for student credit cards at campus .
The credit card companies are smart .
They “ sponsor ” different sports teams and groups and make their members get their friends to sign up !
Now , none of these is illegal .
But if you really think about it , a colleges ’ main job is to educate and prepare their students to lead a productive economic life .
They really have no business allowing credit cards to be issued at college campus know well that most students will end up lots of credit card debt !
But I guess they could use the money , so they close one eye .
When a sale is not a sale
Here ’s one last example of questionable business practice .
Check out this piece about a grocery flyers .
It turns out that many times , items listed there are not on sale at all !
Rather , they are “ sponsored ” by manufacturers .
In fact , the article went on to state that when an item is listed on a flyer , sales could increase by a few hundred percent !
Once again , another deceptive practice by folks who are just after the next sale .
How to Guard Against Deceptive Marketing
Yes , folks are out their selling products that do not work or stuff based on unrealistic hype .
But we consumers are at fault as well .
We fall for things because we blindly follow what others say .
We want things instantly .
We want success now .
We want to lose weight without working out .
We want to buy things that we cannot afford .
We want to buy that furniture at zero down and 0 % for 24 months .
Here are a few things we have to do and be constantly aware of :
Realize that there is no magic formula - you need to work hard to get something that you want .
Ca n’t lose weight overnight , ca n’t get a million dollar house if you only make $ 50,000
Lazy hands make a man poor , but diligent hands bring wealth . ” ( Proverbs 10 : 4 )
You have to educate yourself before you make any major purchases
Wisdom is supreme ; therefore get wisdom .
Though it cost you all you have , get understanding .
( Proverbs 4:7 ) .
The heart of the discerning acquires knowledge ; the ears of the wise seek it out .
( Proverbs 18:15 ) .
A wise man has great power , and a man of knowledge increases strength . ” ( Proverbs 24:5 ) .
Conclusion
While businesses are all about profit maximizing , there are opportunities out there that you can pursue without compromising your conscience , and your relationship with God .
And for those working at your own business , ask how can you serve your customers better instead of how much money you can make if you implement a particular marketing technique .
Whoever trusts in his riches will fall , but the righteous ( i.e. , morally right and just ) will thrive like a green leaf . ” ( Proverbs 11:28 )
I hope this post has given you some food for thought .
This is an article by Mr Credit Card from askmrcreditcard.com .
Mr Credit Card reviews credit cards , lots of them !
Pin Share Email 2 Shares
Keith Lam is the programming guy for ESPN.com and spent most of his final hour yesterday fighting off unicorns from ESPN .
com 's site .
How did this awesomeness happen ?
He explains .
Kind of .
Advertisement
The Cornify program is the culprit , but Lam maintains that ESPN.com was n't hacked .
It appears to be an April Fool 's prank gone unnoticed that Kotaku 's tipsters spotted and then unleashed upon the WWL 's readership to everyone 's delight .
From Lam 's blog :
EXPLANATION : Cornify is a javascript plugin written by Paul Irish Christoph Helzle that puts sparkles , rainbows , unicorns , happiness and glitter images on the site .
Paul Irish wrote the Konami trigger .
The code also changes the font to Comic Sans and the font color to purple / pink and adds corny words to the page .
You can add the Konami code triggered Easter Egg to your own site with the code below .
Advertisement
That super - duper nerdspeak is enough to spark more unicorn infested hallucinations .
But there has to be a culprit — a disgruntled programmer , Stephen A. , NORBY !.
That person has yet to come forward and ESPN 's personal Ted Stryker , Josh Krulewitz , has yet to come through with a blog - safe quote that keeps the WWL on - message .
Hopefully , that 'll happen .
In the meantime , those who know a whole lot about coding and Easter Eggs and stuff might want to investigate ESPN 's new opening .
*****
Go outside , already .
It 's , like , hot .
Oh — and there 's an historic Deadspin anniversary tomorrow .
G/O Media may get a commission First Bag Free
Thank you for your continued support of another Deadspin molting stage .
Does anybody real fuck like a volcano ?
Ever ?
I 've heard Dave Longstreth cursed at length , and I 've heard him compared to some of the lesser deities .
In the Dirty Projectors frontman we have a fellow who fancies himself not so much a songwriter as a modern composer , a Yale grad with one of indie rock 's most divisive voices .
Early DPs records carry with them ambitions so grandiose it's no wonder they range from wildly inventive to practically unlistenable -- occasionally in the span of the same song .
Then there was 2007's Rise Above , which saw Longstreth and company misremembering the hell out of Black Flag 's Damaged by slathering embellishment onto one of the most gloriously unadorned LPs ever .
It was n't exactly a gimmick , but -- and I say this as a fan of both of those records -- it was n't all that far from one .
In spite of its comparatively light tone and the band 's tight clutch on melody and rhythm , it was art - damaged and , to some , impenetrable .
However you sized it up , you had to admit it was intriguing , even if your interest level waned with every passing yelp .
This has heretofore been the story of Dirty Projectors : a band so brainy , so good at the very particular thing they do , they can be hard to like .
Now comes Bitte Orca , the band 's best , and certainly most likable , album by a mile .
Bitte does n't actually switch up the Rise Above formula that much : Intricate ( if roomier ) full - band arrangements abound , Longstreth largely sticks with his clear King Sunny Ade-meets - Jimmy Page guitar acrobatics , and he 's still singing his strange , loping songs with that voice .
But it whittles down the jarring time signatures and off - kilter arrangements and vocal bleats ( er , for the most part ) to create a triumphant art - pop record destined to please longtime fans and win him a whole slew of new ones .
The key is that , rather surprisingly , Bitte Orca is one of the more purely enjoyable indie - rock records in an awfully long time ; remarkable by any means , but even moreso considering the source .
It 's breezy without a hint of slightness , tuneful but with its fair share of tumult , concise and inventive and replayable and plain old fun .
It is the sound of Longstreth the composer and Longstreth the pop songwriter finally settling on a few things together after years of tug - of - war between the two .
There are some triumphant standalone songs in the DPs back catalogue -- " Fucked For Life " , " I Will Truck " , and " Rise Above " spring to mind -- but never has Longstreth laid nine of them out in a row , as he does on Bitte Orca .
From the chiming opening chords of " Cannibal Resource " to the supple swivel that closes " Fluorescent Half - Dome " , there 's a forward motion at play when you spin Bitte Orca all the way through , but it 's an album of such a high uniform quality and such indelible range , practically any tune could be your favorite .
Songs run the gamut from Zeppelin III - style swirl ( sorta - title - track " Useful Chamber " ) to delicate balladry ( " Two Doves " , a dead ringer for Nico 's cover of Jackson Browne 's " These Days " and no less gorgeous for it ) to R&B bob - and - weave ( " Stillness Is the Move " , which owes a great debt to the dearly departed Aaliyah - Timbaland braintrust ) to adult - contemporary pop ( no shots , " No Intention " ) .
Apart from the ultimately transitional whoosh of the brief " The Bride " , the run from " Cannibal Resource " to " No Intention " is as solid and variegated a display of songwriting acumen and instrumental virtuosity as any you 'll hear this year .
But it sure does n't feel as heavy as that sentence might have you believe .
I do n't dare pick one highlight -- hell , my favorites keep changing -- but I 'll point to " Useful Chamber " as the best encapsulation of what Bitte Orca does so well .
A woozy synth line underpins one of Longstreth 's gentlest vocal performances to date , a melody line I find myself singing in all sorts of inopportune places .
Roughly halfway through , the beat breaks , Longstreth half - raps a little pre-chorus pep talk , and the song explodes in sound and vision .
I do n't quite understand what Longstreth is going for with the song 's whale - plea mantra , but when it sounds like this -- so gigantic , so effortless , so unbelievably catchy -- I could really give a fuck .
It 's pure bliss , tension that results in glorious release .
And while the song -- like the album it features on -- sacrifices precious little of the art - pop leanings of Longstreth 's past work , he 's traded obfuscation for overtness on nearly all levels , channeled his frenetic energy into paring down the songwriting as opposed to putting it all into the performances , and the results positively sing .
I 'm only slightly less enamored of Bitte Orca 's final twofer than I am with what precedes it , though either would be a clear highlight on any of the other DPs albums .
" Remade Horizon " starts a bit slow and Longstreth 's voice seems a tad strained on the verse melody ; despite an ebullient shoutalong chorus , it seems more an excuse for the impressive feat of vocal pummelhorsery from Amber Coffman and Angel Deradoorian in its second half than it does a tune 's tune like the seven that come before it .
It 's the first time on Bitte Orca Longstreth allows chops to stand out in front of the song , and while it 's neat to hear them pull it off ( and is an absolute marvel in a live setting ) , it feels showy in a way Bitte Orca otherwise avoids in favor of direct hits .
The emphasis on Coffman and Deradoorian 's vocals throughout is one of the best things about the record ; " Horizon " just happens to be the one moment they seem overused -- a problem of arrangement , really -- and it suffers a bit for it .
" Fluorescent Half Dome " has the opposite problem ; it 's a bit too simplistic getting going and does n't quite earn its bizarre chorus .
While , like most songs here , it picks up when Coffman and Deradoorian start in with their vocals , it 's not quite the closer a record like this deserves .
But even focusing on relative difficulty among tracks on the record seems odd : Jaw - dropping virtuosity was the best thing the DPs had going for them prior to Bitte Orca .
Here , it stands behind so many other newly apparent strengths -- a testament to the leaps and bounds Longstreth has made as a songsmith and Dirty Projectors have made as a band .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Missing vials of a potentially dangerous virus have prompted an Army investigation into the disappearance from a lab in Maryland .
Fort Detrick is the home of the Army 's top biological research facility .
The Army 's Criminal Investigation Command agents have been visiting Fort Detrick in Frederick , Maryland , to investigate the disappearance of the vials .
Christopher Grey , spokesman for the command , said this latest investigation has found " no evidence of criminal activity . "
The vials contained samples of Venezuelan Equine Encephalitis , a virus that sickens horses and can be spread to humans by mosquitoes .
In 97 percent of cases , humans with the virus suffer flu - like symptoms , but it can be deadly in about 1 out of 100 cases , according to Caree Vander Linden , a spokeswoman for the Army 's Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases .
There is an effective vaccine for the disease and there has n't been an outbreak in the United States since 1971 .
The vials had been at the research institute 's facility at Fort Detrick , home of the Army 's top biological research facility , for more than a decade .
The three missing vials were among thousands of vials that were under the control of a senior scientist who retired in 2004 .
When another Fort Detrick scientist recently inventoried the retired scientist 's biological samples , he discovered that the three vials of the virus were missing .
The original scientist 's records about his vials dated back to the days of paper - and - pen inventories .
During the investigation , the retired scientist and another former Fort Detrick researcher cooperated with investigating agents and , according to Vander Linden , they came back to the facility to help look for the vials .
Vander Linden said the investigators know that several years ago an entire freezer full of biological samples broke down and all the samples had to be safely destroyed .
But a complete inventory of what was in the freezer was not done before the samples were destroyed .
Vander Linden said there 's a " strong possibility " the vials were in that freezer and destroyed , but that is n't known for sure .
This investigation comes two months after all research at the research institute facility at Fort Detrick was halted for a complete computer - based inventory of all disease samples at the fort .
That inventory is expected to be complete before summer and may help solve the mystery of the three missing vials , officials said .
The Army investigation is in its final stages and is expected to be closed soon .
All About Fort Detrick • U.S. Army Activities
BROOKLYN , N.Y. --
Indie folk and rock singer Sufjan Stevens has avid fans in many countries who are desperate to hear one of his latest songs .
But to do that , they have to get to Alec Duffy 's apartment in Brooklyn .
Mr. Duffy , a 33 - year - old theater director , owns the song .
He won the exclusive rights to it in a contest that the singer held ...
-- Posted Sunday , 12 April 2009 | Digg This Article | | Source : GoldSeek.com
Anybody who wants to read up on the �paradox of inflation� should turn to Dr Marc Faber�s classic � Tomorrow�s Gold� for guidance .
Even six years after publication this remains the best investment book currently on sale .
His foresight is amazing and the most part of a chapter is devoted to explaining how high levels of inflation impact on asset prices .
That investors will switch from fiat currencies to precious metals is obvious enough .
However , Dr Faber also highlights what he calls the �paradox of inflation� , namely that with general price levels surging asset classes like equities actually become very cheap .
He cites numerous historical examples , such as Weimar Germany .
Coming inflation Now in November 2002 when � Tomorrow�s Gold� was published talk of hyper inflation looked pretty ridiculous .
Yet in the Bild newspaper the German Finance Minister Peer Steinbrueck warns that the world could face an inflation crisis in the medium term , after the immediate economic crisis ends , due to the huge amounts of liquidity being pumped into financial markets .
He said : � What causes me concern is that the next crisis is already being programmed because of all the enormous debt - financed counter measures being conducted worldwide� .
For good measure he dismissed calls for a third German stimulus package in six months as �nonsense� .
But Steinbrueck is being over - powered by what he previously described as � British crass Keynesianism � as governments ramp up spending around the world .
Last week Japan announced a $ 154 billion stimulus package to add two per cent to GDP .
Yet if Dr Faber�s original thesis holds true then investors ought to be dumping stocks to buy precious metals now , and then waiting for a hyperinflation to make equities a once in a generation buy .
The logic is clear : gold will keep and actually enhance its buying power while inflation will undermine stocks , providing a tremendous buying opportunity .
It would be interesting to know what the original Dr Doom thinks about this theory today .
But as with most paradoxes there is surely a simple explanation .
Logical paradox
In periods of inflation companies find it impossible to raise prices fast enough to keep up with rising costs , so their profits margins are squeezed and therefore their shares are worth less , although not necessarily worthless .
It is the reverse of the miraculous low inflation and high profit growth rates of recent years , admittedly only sustained by the ultimately unsustainable expansion of global credit .
Investors have to adapt to survive , and jumping back into previous boom asset classes far too early is a classic error .
The trick , as Marc Faber says in his book , is to spot the next asset class bubble forming and get in and out before things get out of control .
Perhaps those rushing too late into the month - old US equity bear market rally might reflect on that concept , and consider selling out to buy hard assets before inflation takes hold .
Inflation is , of course , suicidal for bonds and devalues paper currencies .
-- Posted Sunday , 12 April 2009 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com Previous Articles by Peter Cooper
About Peter Cooper :
Oxford University educated financial journalist Peter Cooper found himself made redundant by Emap plc in London in the mid-1990s and decided to rebuild his career in Dubai as launch editor of the pioneering magazine Gulf Business .
He returned briefly to London in 1999 to complete his first book , a history of the Bovis construction group .
Then in 2000 he went back to Dubai to become an Internet entrepreneur , just as the dot - com market crashed .
But he stumbled across the opportunity to become a partner in www.ameinfo.com, which later became the Middle East 's leading English language business news website .
Over the course of the next seven years he had a ringside seat as editor - in - chief writing about the remarkable transformation of Dubai into a global business and financial hub city .
At the same time www.ameinfo.com prospered and was sold in 2006 to Emap plc for $ 27 million , completing the career circle back to where it began a decade earlier .
He remains a lively commentator and columnist as a freelance journalist based in Dubai and travels extensively each summer with his wife Svetlana .
His financial blog www.arabianmoney.net is attracting increasing attention with its focus on investment in gold and silver as a means of prospering during a time of great consumer price inflation and asset price deflation .
Order my book online from this link
As widely reported , Credit Suisse analysts have estimated Google 's YouTube may lose $ 470 M in 2009 and more in the future .
However , their estimates say Google will pay $ 360 M for bandwidth in 2009 .
I do n't know how Google figures their cost of bandwidth , but anyone who understands anything about Internet transit / peering knows Credit is way off base .
Google does not pay for Internet Transit the way most tier 2/3 ISPs or most content providers must .
The economics are simple .
If you are a Tier 2 ISP , you have to purchase Internet Transit services from a Tier 1 network to handle that customer traffic which goes off your network and for which you cannot make other arrangements .
The most notable ' other arrangement ' is peering .
If you have significant traffic to / from another specific network , you and the other network can both save Internet Transit costs by exchanging traffic locally , i.e. peering .
Of course an enormous amount of your traffic is directed to Google .
If you have a presence in any data center where Google has a presence , you would love to peer with Google , as that saves an enormous amount on your payments for upstream Internet Transit .
A similar effect plays out among Tier 1 providers .
If one tier 1 network cuts a special deal with Google , Google routes all their traffic through this provider and suddenly the other tier 1 networks have large asymmetries in their tier 1 peering arrangements .
Either they also cut deals with Google or they have to renegotiate their tier 1 peering arrangements to pay for the traffic asymmetry ( something that 's highly unlikely ! ) .
Google is the one with leverage here !
I do n't know what , if anything , Google pays for bandwidth , but it 's not paying $ 360 M for Internet transit .
Sorry Credit Suisse , you better go back to analyzing derivatives , credit swaps and other purely financial plays .
Google does have costs .
They have data centers in many parts of the world and they have a private fiber backbone that interconnects their sites and connects their private network to many , many potential peering points .
Operating their private backbone is a real cost to them and I have n't examined their financial reports to see if there is any way ( from public data ) of estimating their costs for this private network .
But until someone does this analysis , forget what you 've read from Credit Suisse .
There were lots of researches carried out to find the connection between our tallness and our health .
Finally , it was the time for summarizing the findings of such studies and estimating the risks of developing various diseases and ailments depending on how tall we are .
Below , you can find the results of the most important researches carried out recently by the specialists from many labs and scientific centers of the world :
The scientists at Maastricht University ( the Netherlands ) reported in the American Journal of Epidemiology that the women taller than 5 feet 9 inches have increased risks of having breast cancer .
A group of American medical specialists from American College of Preventive Medicine , leaded by Dr. John Gaziano , has found that the men taller than 5 ft. 11 inches have greater risks of having prostate cancer .
However , this is valid only for the men over age 50 .
According to a research published in The Journal of the American Medical Association , the men taller than 6 feet and the women 5.5 feet or taller have 81 % increased risks of having pancreatic cancer .
A recent study at Bristol University helped to find the evidence of the fact that the women with bigger feet have a greater risk of developing breast cancer .
Specialists at Harvard Medical School and the Brigham and Women ’s Hospital Medical University in Boston have discovered that the men taller than 6 feet 1 inch have up to 35 % decreased chances of having a heart attack than small men below 5 feet 7 inches .
The researchers at Bristol University are convinced that shorter people have higher risks of developing stomach cancer .
Several groups of the experts ( from Germany , Korea , etc. ) have found the links between shorter body size with smaller head and the risks of having dementia .
Finally , according to the British specialists , the people with small legs have up to 19 % increased chances of having Diabetes Type 2 .
Hi !
My name is Carla and I am a 5th year medical student at HYMS .
I am interested in alternative medicine and I have done months researching the topic of herbal medicine .
Besides , I like interviewing people and learning more about their experiences with one or another type of herbal treatments .
I am willing to contribute to this site with my knowledge , and I would be happy to help you out to the best of my ability with any specific questions or problems related to alternative medicine .
Bye , bye , Blogger !
SGCC has moved !
You should be automatically redirected in 5 seconds .
If it does not redirect , please visit
http://stickygooeycreamychewy.com
and remember to update your bookmarks .
Correspondingly true
Mike Sanders yesterday responded to Doc Searls ' response to Thomas Friedman 's column in the NY Times with a blog entry that asks some of the basic questions about truth .
Mike asks :
Is it true that the only truth is that there is no truth ?
Is there such a thing as truth ?
If yes , where does it apply ?
Is the truth what a given person believes ?
When Is it important to determine truths ?
How can we go about determining the truth in a given area ?
Today he posts a bunch of responses .
I 'm a day late because I was on the road , but here goes .
I want to pursue this along two tracks .
First ,
Mike 's questions are so damn hard because the reigning theory of truth is problematic .
We think of truth as a correspondence between a statement and state of affairs .
This has gotten mixed up with a representational view of consciousness , that is , the view that we know the world by creating an inner representation of it .
There are millions of examples of this way of thinking , starting with our view of insanity as having ideas in your head that do n't correspond to the world , but I happened upon some just yesterday in the book about Douglas Englebart , called Boostrapping by Thierry Bardin .
Englebart wrote that language is " the way in which the individual parcels out the picture of his world into the concepts that his mind uses to model the world ... " ( p. 36 ) .
This view of consciousness and of our relation to our world is - IMO - insanely wrong , but it is the basis of our theory of truth .
Second , Friedman 's column says that the great world religions have to accept that none has the one and only truth .
In particular , he chastises Islam for not yet accepting the validity of other religions .
But Friedman is wrong , I believe , in lumping Christianity and Judaism together on this issue .
Becoming Christian means accepting a body of beliefs as true .
Becoming a Jew means having a Jewish mother .
Jews are a people .
That 's why Jews traditionally have not proselytized ; suggesting that you ought to become a Jew is akin to suggesting that you ought to become Italian .
And that 's why Jews have not maintained that their scripture needs to be accepted by everyone and that everyone needs to keep kosher .
Thus , the " truths " of Judaism are different in type than the " truths " of Christianity and Islam : they are a set of practices more than a set of beliefs , and they are practices required only of those born as Jews .
( I 'm over - simplifying , of course .
There are some practices - not killing , not lying , etc. - that Jews do hold are required of all . )
Further , Judaism is thoroughly hermeneutic ; it 's baked into the religion that scripture always needs to be interpreted .
In fact , it needs to be interpreted not by individuals who randomly proclaim the Truth as they see it but by an historical community of thinkers and talkers .
This multi- thousand year conversation among learned and thoughtful Jews is one of the truly distinctive marks of this religion .
So , where does this leave us with regard to truth ?
I 'm going to state a position and not argue for it because : the argument is too long and complex for a blog and it's too long and complex for the likes of me .
Nevertheless , it strikes me as obvious .
( Note : I did n't make this up .
I 'm summarizing and interpreting a clump of thinkers that are generally called Continental Philosophers . )
Truth is a way of uncovering the world .
" Uncovering " is a good word to use because it implies that you are seeing what was there all along even though you were n't aware of it .
There are lots of ways of uncovering the world .
Not all are equally good .
Some are just plain stupid or loony .
There are some tests that work for some types of uncoverings ; science works real good as one way of uncovering the world .
But there is n't one killer test that can ride roughshod over all others : science works , but so does poetry .
It 's important to recognize that we are not alone in our uncovering of the world .
We do it together on the basis of a history of thought and art and stories and language that we cannot escape .
Truth is not simply what anyone happens to believe .
It is the way we - our culture and our history - have uncovered the world .
It is not something in our head ; it is the way our language allows the world to show itself to us .
Or , like , anyway , that 's my truth .
Whatever .
Dude .
Response from and to Tom Matrullo
The always insightful Tom Matrullo has responded to the above on his estimable site .
After saying some nice things about my post , he concludes with :
..." the way our language allows the world to show itself to us " appears to remain , as they say , " inscribed " entirely within the realm of the eye , a system that seems ineluctably to entail a notion of truth as the relationship between a representational model and an underlying something that is real .
Or am I missing something here , David ?
Is the problem that " show " sounds like it refers only the visual ?
My bad .
The world shows itself to us through touch , sounds , and smells as well as through sight .
But even if it were confined to sight , that would n't mean that the model has to be representational .
The Continental philosophers - more precisely , the phenomenologists - started from the insight ( there 's that " sight " word again ! ) that the attempt to discern what was certain and knowable had led our philosophical tradition to over - emphasize raw perception .
When you consider your relationship to the world in terms of perception , you are stripping out what 's meaningful in that relationship .
We normally are not in the world as perceivers but as act - ers and care - ers .
So , while we can seem to achieve a state in which we are forming mental images of an external world , that state is the exception and should n't be taken as indicating the truth ( there 's that word again ! ) of our relation to the world .
Tom , have I missed your point ?
The Obama administration promised to work towards producing renewable and environmentally friendly energy , and the Department of Energy has been a big beneficiary , taking home a significant chunk of the stimulus money .
Over the last few months , attention has been focused on getting the money flowing into projects designed to update and improve the electric grid .
Friday , in a speech to the National Coal Council , Steven Chu , head of the Department of Energy , announced that the stimulus package will also fund major work towards carbon capture and storage , which could allow us to avoid many of the consequences of continued burning of fossil fuels .
The planned spending , which includes $ 800 million specifically for cleaning pollutants out of coal plant exhaust will total $ 2.4 billion , which should provide the nascent field a significant boost .
To an extent , Carbon Capture and Storage ( CCS ) is a response to the fact that burning fossil fuels is likely to remain an economically favorable approach for far longer than we 'd like it to be .
Coal is currently the cheapest fossil fuel , and the one with the largest described reserves ; unfortunately , it 's also the dirtiest , both in terms of traditional pollutants and in terms of carbon dioxide emissions .
CCS promises to allow us to continue to use this and other fossil fuels without the activities contributing to further climate change or ocean acidification .
But the technology is hardly specific to coal ; other industrial processes , such as chemical manufacturing and cement production , release significant amounts of CO 2 as well .
It may even be possible to use this technology to draw CO 2 directly from the atmosphere .
In some contexts , the capture portion of things is already in use .
In many areas , captured carbon dioxide is injected into natural gas fields in order to increase their productivity .
Unfortunately , we do n't fully understand whether these geologic formations will be sufficient to contain the carbon on the time scales that would be required .
The past administration had helped foster a few pilot CCS projects , but its plans to build a large - scale demonstration project were shelved indefinitely .
So , to an extent , the programs announced by Chu represent the nation 's first real attempt at getting CCS technology off the ground .
As mentioned earlier , a third of the total stimulus spending promised by the DOE will go towards a general clean coal effort .
These should help limit the sulfur , nitrogen , and mercury emissions that accompany the burning of coal , and determine how best to integrate these pollution controls with a CCS system .
The intent is to get both the government and private companies experience with commercial - scale systems , and to explore the range of geological features that can be used successfully .
The lion 's share of the money , just over $ 1.5 billion , will go to CCS technologies that are flexible enough to work in any industrial setting , regardless of where the carbon 's coming from .
According to the DOE , " the industrial sources include , but are not limited to , cement plants , chemical plants , refineries , steel and aluminum plants , manufacturing facilities , and petroleum coke - fired and other power plants . "
The DOE is similarly agnostic when it comes to what happens to the carbon afterwards , provided it does n't wind up in the atmosphere .
Mineralization approaches ( which often involve injection into geological formations ) are mentioned , as are two specific technologies : feeding the exhaust into an algal biofuel production facility , and compressing it for transport and storage using the earth - bound equivalent of a ramjet .
For me , however , the key steps in making CCS viable are getting small but necessary outlays .
$ 50 million will go towards identifying geological formations that should provide the sort of long - term , stable storage that we need , while another $ 20 million will go to training a generation of people with the expertise to make this work .
The DOE is looking to develop programs for both scientists and engineers , providing them with skills in geology , geophysics , geomechanics , geochemistry , and reservoir engineering , all of which will be necessary .
The DOE will shortly be posting a notice of intent describing how it intends to distribute the funding and evaluate the applications for these projects .
After giving the public and industry a chance to provide feedback , money should start flowing late this year or early next .
After years of false starts , this could be a very significant change .
At an April 7 press con­fer­ence , Pres­i­dent Barack Obama ’s spe­cial advi­sor for the Sum­mit of Amer­i­c­as Jef­frey Davi­d­ow announced the administration ’s new plan to pro­vide U.S. - funded ​ “ pub­lic safe­ty ” pro­grams to oth­er gov­ern­ments through­out the West­ern Hemi­sphere .
U.S. pub­lic safe­ty pro­grams are nec­es­sary now , Davi­d­ow said , because ​ “ Latin Amer­i­ca [ and ] the Caribbean are wit­ness­ing an increase in crim­i­nal­i­ty and are hav­ing dif­fi­cul­ty con­fronting this because of judi­cial and police sys­tems that need assis­tance , need more train­ing , need more equipment . ”
In reality , the United States used the Office of Public Safety to control the behavior of foreign police for its own political ends .
The Unit­ed States has pur­sued sim­i­lar poli­cies in the past – with dis­as­trous results .
The first such projects were orga­nized in the wake of the Span­ish - Amer­i­can War , when the Unit­ed States was keen on polic­ing its new­ly won satrapies in the Caribbean and Pacific .
Ini­tial­ly , these ​ “ secu­ri­ty ” ini­tia­tives were enforced through direct U.S. mil­i­tary occu­pa­tion .
It was n’t until 1954 that a sep­a­rate ​ “ civil­ian ” agency spe­cial­iz­ing in police aid was estab­lished : the Civ­il Police Admin­is­tra­tion ( CPA ) , which began oper­at­ing in Guatemala after the 1954 CIA - backed coup that removed the demo­c­ra­t­i­cal­ly - elect­ed gov­ern­ment of Jacobo Arbenz .
In 1961 , Pres­i­dent Kennedy formed the U.S. Agency for Inter­na­tion­al Devel­op­ment ( USAID ) and rolled the CPA into the new agency , renam­ing it the Office of Pub­lic Safe­ty ( OPS ) .
Offi­cial lit­er­a­ture describes OPS ’s goal as the cre­ation of a ​ “ care­ful­ly bal­anced pro­gram of tech­ni­cal advice , train­ing and equipment . ”
In real­i­ty , the Unit­ed States used OPS to con­trol the behav­ior of for­eign police for its own polit­i­cal ends .
The goal of U.S. pub­lic safe­ty pro­grams was to uni­fy a country ’s police and mil­i­tary under a cen­tral com­mand – over­seen by OPS advi­sors .
Assas­si­na­tion , dis­ap­pear­ance and tor­ture were the tools of the OPS trade .
With­in a few years , offi­cers were oper­at­ing out of U.S. embassies , police head­quar­ters and safe hous­es in 15 Latin Amer­i­can coun­tries .
Even­tu­al­ly , OPS extend­ed beyond the hemi­sphere , into Asia and Africa .
But wher­ev­er the OPS went , bru­tal­i­ty followed .
Accord­ing to a Defense Intel­li­gence Agency report obtained by the Nation­al Secu­ri­ty Archives , dur­ing OPS ’ oper­a­tions in Guatemala in the ear­ly 1970s , the U.S. - sponsored secu­ri­ty forces ​ “ qui­et­ly elim­i­nat­ed ” what the Defense Depart­ment called ​“ ter­ror­ists and ban­dits . ”
Under OPS over­sight , an esti­mat­ed 200 peo­ple were killed in the San Mar­cos Depart­ment alone , and at least 30 more in the cap­i­tal city .
Things began to change when reports in the alter­na­tive press revealed the oppres­sive and bru­tal activ­i­ties of the OPS - backed police forces .
In the sum­mer of 1974 , with Wash­ing­ton still reel­ing from alle­ga­tions about the CIA ’s malfea­sance uncov­ered by the Church and Pike Com­mit­tees , Sen. James Abourezk ( D‑S.D. ) intro­duced an amend­ment to the For­eign Assis­tance Act that pro­hib­it­ed ​“ police train­ing or relat­ed pro­grams in a for­eign coun­try . ”
The amend­ment passed and , for a few years , U.S. ​ “ pub­lic safe­ty ” pro­grams ended .
How­ev­er , by the 1980s , the Kissinger Com­mis­sion Report revived the idea , rec­om­mend­ing that the Unit­ed States sup­port for­eign police forces , par­tic­u­lar­ly in Latin Amer­i­ca .
By 1986 , the Jus­tice Depart­ment had formed the Inter­na­tion­al Crim­i­nal Inves­ti­ga­tions Train­ing Assis­tance Pro­gram ( ICI­TAP ) , using state depart­ment funds to train police in coun­tries like Guatemala .
Con­gress autho­rized USAID to get back into for­eign polic­ing in 2002 , with a ​ “ com­mu­ni­ty - based ” police assis­tance mis­sion in Jamaica and in El Sal­vador in 2003 .
OPS had oper­at­ed in both coun­tries , but this time the USAID pro­gram could not pro­vide sup­port for lethal weapons and tech­nol­o­gy or assist intel­li­gence and sur­veil­lance oper­a­tions .
Unlike OPS , the new pro­gram would pro­vide only mon­ey and know - how , not hardware .
These lim­i­ta­tions were erod­ed in 2008 with the pas­sage of the Méri­da Ini­tia­tive .
The agree­ment near­ly com­plet­ed the dis­man­tling of the 1974 pro­hi­bi­tion of U.S. - funded polic­ing pro­grams .
Under the guise of the war on drugs , the ini­tia­tive gives $ 400 mil­lion to the Mex­i­can gov­ern­ment and $ 65 mil­lion to Cen­tral Amer­i­can coun­tries , some of which was to be spent on police train­ing .
Pre­dictably , reports of human rights vio­la­tions have surged .
In July 2008 , a U.S. secu­ri­ty firm instruc­tor was even caught on tape train­ing Mex­i­can police in tor­ture techniques .
Oba­ma may not under­stand the dan­ger­ous waters his admin­is­tra­tion is drift­ing into by expand­ing ​ “ pub­lic safe­ty ” polic­ing pro­grams .
If the his­to­ry of the OPS and sim­i­lar projects are any indi­ca­tion of what will come , U.S. polic­ing ini­tia­tives in Latin Amer­i­ca and else­where could result in vio­lence and polit­i­cal repression .
Finan­cial sup­port for this sto­ry was pro­vid­ed by the Fund for Inves­tiga­tive Journalism .
This page has been moved , please click the following link to go to its new location
http://www.jamesdick.co.uk/?p=148
Wendy ’s fast food burger joint just got a new campaign that looks very familiar to an older campaign .
This new campaign is advertising 2 new Coffee Frosty ’s , Frosty - cino and Coffee Toffee Twisted Frosty .
Who do they get to help sell it to you while you ’re watching that old piece of tech called a TV ?
The Frosty Posse .
A boy band that wears all white and sings about the product that absolutely love .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfhpYrUk3dE[/youtube]
But wait , that seems like this one familiar campaign that Jack - in - the - Box did a couple years ago :
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifUJ5–4tjI[/youtube]
Hmmm … I think Jack wins this one .
I do n’t see the Frosty Posse getting an invite to a fox award show for a special performance :
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftj84BJQELY[/youtube]
Good try Wendy’s .
Jack , bring back your boy band and show them who ’s campaign is better .
" It 's imperative , it 's essential that the person who represents us to the Holy See be a person who has pro-life values .
I hope the President does n't make that mistake , " he told the Boston Herald .
" She said she was pro-choice .
I do n't assume she 's going to change that , which is problematic . "
Religious demands costing NHS over £ 40 million a year
Press Release 7 April 2009
Churches and religious organisations should fund their own presence in hospitals , says the National Secular Society ( NSS ) , after it discovered that chaplaincy services are costing the National Health Service more than £ 32 million .
This would pay for around another 1,300 nurses or over 2,500 cleaning staff .
Both are much - needed .
Using the Freedom of Information Act , the NSS undertook its own research into the cost of chaplaincy services after the Government said it did not keep centralised figures on such spending .
“ The headline figure only takes into account the salaries of the chaplains , it does n’t take account of National Insurance contributions , pension payments , administration costs , office accommodation , training , the upkeep of chapels and prayer rooms , ” said Terry Sanderson , president of the NSS .
“ We can conservatively add another 20 % to the headline figure taking it up to £ 40 million . ”
The NSS has now sent the report to the Health Minister , Alan Johnson , calling on him to review chaplaincy services with a view to ending taxpayer funding for them .
Mr Sanderson said : “ We are not asking for an end to chaplaincy services , but we are asking that the taxpayer not be made responsible for them .
In these times of financial stringency , hospitals are going to have to think very carefully about how they spend their budgets .
Hospital chaplains are not on most people ’s list of essential services in a health care setting . ”
Mr Sanderson said “ For some people – we suspect a very few – chaplains serve a useful purpose .
But most people would prefer the tens of millions spent of clerics to be spent instead on nurses , doctors , cleaners and equipment .
After all , most of us go to hospital for medical treatment not for church services .
Church attendance has been in decline for sixty years and the decline is independently forecast to continue . ”
Mr Sanderson said that if the churches and religious bodies considered these services so vital , they should be prepared to fund them themselves .
“ Most people who go into a hospital come from the local area , ” said Mr Sanderson , “ and it would be better if their own vicar , priest , rabbi or imam came to see them if they felt in need of religious support .
This could be done as part of the clergy ’s regular duties – it should not fall as a burden on the NHS . ”
Mr Sanderson said he was asking the Health Minister to conduct more thorough research into what extent these services were actually used by patients and how appreciated they were .
“ We get plenty of mail from people who feel they have been pestered not only by chaplains , but by religiously - motivated nurses , ” he said .
“ Patients are not generally religious in their everyday life , and the presence of chaplains simply makes them feel unsettled and even irritated .
Clergy should only be in hospital by request .
A hospital should not be a happy hunting ground for religious proselytisers , whether they are chaplains or other hospital staff . ”
The NSS report reveals that not only are clerics employed , but in some cases organists are on the payroll to play in chapels .
In some instances , Catholic priests are called to deliver “ last rites ” and they charge the hospital a call - out for it .
“ Surely it is not the hospital ’s responsibility to fund such activities , ” says Terry Sanderson .
“ The provision of last rites and other such rituals is surely a fundamental responsibility of the Church itself . ”
Terry Sanderson commented : “ The average cost to the Health Service of a chaplain is £ 57,000 per annum .
I ’m sure if patients were asked where they wanted their money spent – two and a half nurses or more than four cleaners rather than one cleric – it is clear that nearly all would opt for the nursing or cleaning staff .
It is time for the Church or religious organisations to accept their responsibility for providing these services in order to avoid hospitals having to cut front line medical care .
It should look closely at the chaplaincy team and see what savings could be made there without any impact on patient care at all . ”
( with details of what Welsh , Scottish and Northern Ireland Trusts spend )
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Socks , the cat who won international fame during his years in the Clinton White House , was euthanized Friday after months of treatment for cancer .
Socks was adopted by Chelsea Clinton when her father was governor of Arkansas .
Socks , who was born in 1989 , was put to sleep about 10 a.m. at Three Notch Veterinary Clinic in Hollywood , Maryland , said veterinary assistant Rae Dera .
Veterinarians say he was probably either 19 or 20 years old .
The cat had been losing weight since November and had been treated at the clinic , Dera said .
He had been suffering from a cancer in his mouth and jaw .
Since the Clintons left the White House in 2001 , Socks had lived with Betty Currie , former President Bill Clinton 's secretary .
The Clintons were known to have visited Socks , and Currie , when in Washington .
He had been a stray and was adopted by Chelsea Clinton , the Clintons ' daughter , when Bill Clinton was governor of Arkansas .
" Socks brought much happiness to Chelsea and us over the years , and enjoyment to kids and cat lovers everywhere , " Bill and Hillary Clinton said in a joint statement released by the William J. Clinton Foundation .
" We 're grateful for those memories , and we especially want to thank our good friend , Betty Currie , for taking such loving care of Socks for so many years . "
The black - and - white feline was a fixture at the White House during the Clintons ' eight - year run .
He was often photographed on the president 's shoulder and was given free rein of the presidential residence -- showing up in photos in the Oval Office and White House press briefing room .
He had his own online fan club , appeared at animal charity events and was one of the subjects of now - Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's book , " Dear Socks , Dear Buddy : Kids ' Letters to the First Pets . "
All About Pets • Bill Clinton • Chelsea Clinton
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , May 25 , 2009 Monday , May 25 , 2009
Our speculation that the “ secret billionaire club ” meeting at the beginning of the month was primarily focused around population control , a cause célèbre embraced by David Rockefeller , Ted Turner and Bill Gates , has been confirmed by a London Times report .
Details of the secret confab were thin on the ground in the initial reports concerning the meeting of rich “ philanthropists ” like Rockefeller , Turner , Gates , Warren Buffet and George Soros , which took place in New York on May 5 at the home of Sir Paul Nurse , a British Nobel prize biochemist and president of the private Rockefeller University .
An ABC News report about the confab offered little more than fawning idolatry towards the attendees , and was little more than a sophistic exercise in ass kissing and creeping adulation for people like Rockefeller and Turner , who were portrayed as philanthropic saviors of the planet .
We questioned this premise by pointing out that Turner has publicly advocated shocking population reduction programs that would cull the human population by a staggering 95 % .
He has also called for a Communist - style one child policy to be mandated by governments in the west .
In China , the one child policy is enforced by means of taxes on each subsequent child , allied to an intimidation program which includes secret police and “ family planning ” authorities kidnapping pregnant women from their homes and performing forced abortions .
Of course , Turner completely fails to follow his own rules on how everyone else should live their lives , having five children and owning no less than 2 million acres of land .
In the third world , Turner has contributed literally billions to population reduction , namely through United Nations programs , leading the way for the likes of Bill & Melinda Gates and Warren Buffet ( Gates ’ father has long been a leading board member of Planned Parenthood and a top eugenicist ) .
Our initial suspicions that the secret meeting was primarily concerned with population control has been confirmed by a London Times report , which states , “ SOME of America ’s leading billionaires have met secretly to consider how their wealth could be used to slow the growth of the world ’s population and speed up improvements in health and education .
The philanthropists who attended a summit convened on the initiative of Bill Gates , the Microsoft co-founder , discussed joining forces to overcome political and religious obstacles to change . ”
Of course , slowing the growth of the world ’s population while also improving its health are two irreconcilable concepts to the elite .
Stabilizing world population is a natural byproduct of higher living standards , as has been proven by the stabilization of the white population in the west .
Elitists like David Rockefeller have no interest in “ slowing the growth of world population ” by natural methods , their agenda is firmly rooted in the pseudo - science of eugenics , which is all about “ culling ” the surplus population via draconian methods .
David Rockefeller ’s legacy is not derived from a well - meaning “ philanthropic ” urge to improve health in third world countries , it is born out of a Malthusian drive to eliminate the poor and those deemed racially inferior , using the justification of social Darwinism .
[ efoods ]
As is documented in Alex Jones ’ seminal film Endgame , Rockefeller ’s father , John D. Rockefeller , exported eugenics to Germany from its origins in Britain by bankrolling the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute which later would form a central pillar in the Third Reich ’s ideology of the Nazi super race .
After the fall of the Nazis , top German eugenicists were protected by the allies as the victorious parties fought over who would enjoy their “ expertise ” in the post - war world .
As Dr. Len Horowitz writes ,
“ In the 1950s , the Rockefellers reorganized the U.S. eugenics movement in their own family offices , with spinoff population - control and abortion groups .
The Eugenics Society changed its name to the Society for the Study of Social Biology , its current name . ”
“ The Rockefeller Foundation had long financed the eugenics movement in England , apparently repaying Britain for the fact that British capital and an Englishman - partner had started old John D. Rockefeller out in his Oil Trust .
In the 1960s , the Eugenics Society of England adopted what they called Crypto- eugenics , stating in their official reports that they would do eugenics through means and instruments not labeled as eugenics . ”
“ With support from the Rockefellers , the Eugenics Society ( England ) set up a sub-committee called the International Planned Parenthood Federation , which for 12 years had no other address than the Eugenics Society .
This , then , is the private , international apparatus which has set the world up for a global holocaust , under the UN flag . ”
In the latter half of the 20th century , eugenics merely changed its face to become known as “ population control ” .
This was crystallized in National Security Study Memorandum 200 , a 1974 geopolitical strategy document prepared by Rockefeller ’s intimate friend and fellow Bilderberg member Henry Kissinger , which targeted thirteen countries for massive population reduction by means of creating food scarcity , sterilization and war .
In the 21st century , the eugenics movement has changed its stripes once again , manifesting itself through the global carbon tax agenda and the notion that having too many children or enjoying a reasonably high standard of living is destroying the planet through global warming , creating the pretext for further regulation and control over every facet of our lives .
As we have tirelessly documented , the elite ’s drive for population control is not based around a benign philanthropic urge to improve living standards , it is firmly routed in eugenics , racial hygiene and fascist thinking .
The Times reports that the secret billionaire cabal has been dubbed ‘ The Good Club ’ by insiders .
This could n’t be further from the truth .
Anyone who takes the time to properly research the origins of the “ population control ” movement will come to understand that the Rockefeller - Turner - Gates agenda for drastic population reduction , which is now clearly manifesting itself through real environmental crises like chemtrails , genetically modified food , tainted vaccines and other skyrocketing diseases such as cancer , has its origins in the age - old malevolent elitist agenda to cull the human “ chattel ” as one would do to rodents or any other species deemed a nuisance by the central planning authorities .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Arizona State University invited President Obama to speak at their commencement , but they ’ve notified the leader of the free world that he wo n’t be getting an honorary degree because , well , you know , it ’s great that he ’s the first black president and everything ( yes , they noted that he ’s black ) , but maybe he could come back after he finishes his term , and if he ’s accomplished anything significant by then , the president of the Harvard of the desert will be happy to reconsider whether the President of the United States of America has accomplished anything significant in his life .
Now , before anyone thinks this is about racism or anything , it should be noted that Arizona State is happy to bestow honorary degrees on other people of color ( or at least non-white color ) who have accomplished great things in their lives , like the vice minister of education of communist China .
Who I ’m sure is a very nice woman , when she ’s not pimping for a dictatorship that oppresses fifteen percent of the world ’s entire population .
It is hard to believe what is taken as good news .
539,000 jobs were lost in April yet this was taken as a positive because it was n’t 600,000 .
Forget about the fact that the revised number for March was moved upward to 699,000 from an initial 663,000 .
So it may be the case when the final number for April is calculated in June , we might have another 600,000 job loss month .
The market is continuing on its upward surge with the S&P 500 now nearing a 40 % gain in 2 months .
This market volatility and surge is indicative of an unstable market .
The fact of the matter is , when we total up all of the unemployed and underemployed we find that close to 24,700,000 Americans fall in this category .
Over the past 12 months the number of unemployed has risen by 6 million .
Also , if you look at the above chart , the rate has shot up by 3.9 % from 5 % last April of 2008 to the current 8.9 % .
Yet that rate is for those that are unemployed .
When we start looking at the broader measure of U - 6 we see that 15.8 % of people are unemployed or underemployed .
Let us break down the numbers :
Unemployed : 13,700,000
Part - time but looking for full - time : 8,900,000
Marginally Attached and Discouraged Workers : 2,100,000
This brings our total to 24,700,000 .
That is why when we go back to the 1982 unemployment rate of 10.8 % , we are even in worse shape today because how the employment numbers are calculated .
Part - time workers looking for full - time work are such a big group but are considered employed by the U - 3 headline number and they should not be .
I think most people would say that someone working part - time at a Wal - Mart because they are trying to make ends meet does not constitute being fully employed .
This is why we are seeing deflationary pressure hitting the market .
In October of 1995 the BLS revised their way of collecting data for unemployment .
So if we are at 15.8 % with the U - 6 data , does that make our current employment situation worse than the 1980s recession ?
Absolutely .
Take a look at this chart I found in an old article from the 1995 BLS revision report :
In fact , looking at U - 6 data back to the early 1960s which is the best I have been able to find , we are having the worst economic recession since World War II .
That is why even though the headline rate of 8.9 % is much lower than the 10.8 % peak of 1982 , our overall unemployed and underemployed is much higher at 15.8 % and that is why this recession feels a lot worse .
It is a lot worse it is just the method of measuring the data has changed .
And the rise in part - time employment is somewhat troubling because of the actions taken by the Federal Reserve and U.S. Treasury .
With the recent stress tests , it is becoming abundantly clear that the U.S.
Treasury is going to pump as much taxpayer money into banks no matter what the long - term consequences .
Essentially , we are going to follow the Japan approach .
Now Tim Geithner would like to believe that the mistake Japan did was they stopped too soon or did n’t do enough .
Yet Japan has the highest percentage of national debt load of any industrial country in the world .
They spent plenty .
They zombified banks and injected trillions in fiscal stimulus and the market moved lower and lower for 20 years .
Yet some point to the low employment rate .
Well , the problem with this is nearly 1 out 3 people in Japan work as part - time workers … that is , they would be considered part of that U - 6 data point which of course is n’t the headline number .
How would you feel about being a part - time worker for the rest of your life ?
Do n’t believe this ?
The BLS had 5.2 million part - time workers categorized in April of 2008 as being part - time for economic reasons .
Last month , that number surged to 8.9 million .
A jump of 70 percent in one year .
We almost doubled the amount of part - time workers in 12 months which is such an unsupportable pace and that is why the U - 6 rate is now up to 15.8 % .
I do agree that things slightly improved yet it is no reason to think the worst is behind us .
We still have the FDIC gearing up to take over banks each and every Friday while their deposit insurance fund gets depleted .
Be cautious for what is considered positive news .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
[ phreakmonkey ] got his hands on a great piece of old tech .
It ’s a 1964 Livermore Data Systems Model A Acoustic Coupler Modem .
He recieved it in 1989 and recently decided to see if it would actually work .
It took some digging to find a proper D25 adapter and even then the original serial adapter was n’t working because the oscillator depends on the serial voltage .
He dials in and connects at 300 baud .
Then logs into a remote system and fires up lynx to load Wikipedia .
Lucky for [ phreakmonkey ] they managed to decide on a modulation standard in 1962 .
It ’s still amazing to see this machine working 45 years later .
He ’d love to hear from you if you ’ve used a similar device .
[ via Waxy ]
francis collins , homeopath of the soul
BioLogos is determined to bridge the divides between science and religion by ... well , avoiding any topic of substance .
I ’ve recently mentioned BioLogos , the latest project of biologist Francis Collins who ’s best known for heavily mixing his science with his religious beliefs .
Now that project received a glowing write - up in Time which has a rather cryptic and misleading statement about his mission :
[ BioLogos ] is also what Collins calls his blended theory of evolution and creation , an approach he hopes can replace intelligent design , which he derides as ‘ not a scientific proposal ’ and ‘ not good theology either . ’
Wait a second .
Collins derides the combination of diluted scientific terminology with religious dogmas as an unscientific proposal in poor theological taste and his solution to replace it is … diluted science with a heavy handed injection of theology on a grant from the John Templeton Foundation ?
Did I miss something or is he doing the exact same thing while saying that he ’s going to do it better just because it ’s his version ?
Nothing on BioLogos is any different from the standard intelligent design noise you hear from the Discovery Institute .
The only change you would notice is the absence of Casey Luskin ’s incessant whining , which is actually a pretty big improvement if you ask me .
The article does admit that the project is more for the benefit of Collins ’ own Evangelical flock than it is for any skeptics or atheists who want scientific proof of God .
But that begs the question of how exactly he gives these people anything beneficial by presenting warmed over creationism with some tenuous science peppered on what are otherwise typical religious tracts repeated since the Enlightenment and in vogue at every seminary where people spend hours debating the fine points of scripture and religious history .
Any way you cut , when you start blending evolution and theistic creation , you get the very same intelligent design to which the project is so opposed , or at least claims to find it so disagreeable .
If anything , Collins is more like a homeopath who takes a gallon of religious dogma , cautiously puts in just a few drops of high school science , shakes it for hours on end and distributes it in small doses , claiming that a few terms like “ evolution ” and “ natural selection ” made a molecular impact on the vast quantities of religious rumination .
In reality , whatever science he tried to slip in there has been lost and all he ends up offering is the same fare you can pick up at a local bookstore in the Christianity section .
What is a " meta- narrative " ?
I thought I 'd check out Hazel Blears 's interesting turn of phase in her Observer article when I linked up with John Prescott to do some campaigning in South Yorkshire on Sunday .
As soon as I read " meta- narrative " and the neat little Thatcher - style riff " YouTube if you want to " , I knew this was not written by Salford 's finest and somebody who is one of my favourite politicians .
Labour 's cabinet is divided between " technos " and " electos " .
Brilliant technos who slipped easily from policy - wonking into a safe seat and then into the cabinet .
And then there are the Hazels and Harriets , the Alans and Jacks , who have been through the electoral mill as councillors , union officials or parliamentary candidates , who have known defeat , and who are much closer to the fears of the electorate .
Not so long ago politicians wrote their own words .
Today they are written for them .
Hazel could not , would not have written " meta- narrative " in a million years .
Her mistake is not to have read carefully what was going out in her name .
A small error , if error it was , but one that has generated a bank holiday tsunami of headlines .
It will settle down on Tuesday , when the Commons is back in session .
There will be no election contest unless Gordon Brown decides to go .
Then it will be messy , as Labour party democracy does not allow a shoo - in of anyone – as those who thought the deputy leadership was in the bag found out .
Most Labour
MPs reading the excited headlines will yawn – , because whenever the press announces a political bloodbath it does not happen .
A good cabinet should have both technos and electos .
David Cameron 's problem is that his frontline team comprises super - rich metropolitans .
William Hague may have a South Yorkshire accent , but since going to Magdalen College , Oxford , from Wath Grammar School , his life has been one of metropolitan wealth and success .
As every survey of future Tory MPs shows , they come from the narrowest strata of English society ever in the party 's history .
There is an alternative Labour narrative – whether " meta " or not I can't tell , since I do n't know what meta means .
It was on display on Sunday .
John Prescott and I were out with three of Labour 's Yorkshire MEP candidates , together with about 30 Labour activists , knocking on doors in Rotherham and Sheffield .
Prezza had already done Liverpool and Manchester and later would do Doncaster .
He spent his first years in Rotherham and when he failed the 11 - plus , that was our future deputy prime minister en route to a working - class future .
He points to the church where he was not allowed to sing in the choir because he was always arguing with the vicar and , instead , was only allowed to pump the organ bellows .
They know Prescott around here , and come out of terrace doors and retirement bungalows to be photographed with him .
It is a long way away from London and the public school tones of David Cameron and Nick Clegg .
I expected Prescott to start a rant about the papers , but instead he is interested in my leather jacket .
I am surprised by this , but there is a curious feline side to the man .
He was scorned for using his official car to protect his wife 's hairdo at a windswept Labour conference , but most women in South Yorkshire will have seen that as a mark of respect , not a cause for derision .
Slowly , the European election is coming to the boil .
The Observer rightly highlighted the worry that the BNP will make a breakthrough .
It was the Greens in 1989 , UKIP in 2004 , so perhaps in 2009 it will be the BNP .
The Tories have prepared the ground with their constant xenophobic attacks on Europe .
The Independent on Sunday , meanwhile , exposed William Hague 's partners in east Europe , the Polish PiS party , as gay - bashershaters .
Does the quintessential Notting Hillite , David Cameron , know that his deputy is forging an alliance with Europe 's most notoriously homophobic politicalparty ?
What seems far away on the terraced streets offrom SouthYorkshire is the hysteria over Commons votes last week .
Over Easter , Gordon Brown was the hero , as the foundations of a system of world governance were laid in London .
By May day he was a villain – over the Gurkhas – as the Daily Mail splashed with the headline : " Let them in " .
The paper that fought so hard to keep Jews out in the 1930s , Pakistanis out in the 1970s , and Poles out since 2004 , suddenly welcomed 100,000 Nepalese immigrants into Britain .
If this means an end to Tory and Daily Mail hostility to immigration from Asia , perhaps it was a vote worth losing .
And the government should move now to let in the brave Iraqi interpreters and translators who risked their all to work for the British army in Basra .
On MPs ' allowances , far from losing key votes , Brown won all the divisions , which begins the process of ending that problem .
To be sure , the venom against Labour is there , but at a key council byelection in Sheffield on Thursday , there was no shift to the Tories .
This is surely because voters can smell the coffee .
After a dozen years of Labour , are fed up with us but they see nothing on offer from the Tories that makes much sense .
Unlike 1951 or 1979 , when there was a mammoth intellectual effort to produce a new Tory party policy matrix , David Cameron 's only weapon is anti-Brownism .
Labour attacks on Brown , witting or by use of sloppy language , fill headlines and screens ; and this lifts the pressure on editors , broadcasters and correspondents to examine the Tory offer .
" A period of silence from you would be most welcome , " wrote Clement Attlee to a Labour bigwig telling him that , as PM , he was no good .
The same injunction might be addressed to those Brown bashers who are handing power to a Conservative party not yet ready for it .
The voters in Rotherham deserve better , and a couple of hours of Prezza knocking on doors is worth more than all the comment columns by Brown bashers put together .
Bernard Madoff ’s niece and another relative — worried they ’ll wind up behind bars — have contacted a consultant who teaches white - collar criminals how to survive in federal prison and secure early release , sources said .
PAGE SIX : Ruth Madoff Barred From Hair Salon
A jail cell would be a stark change for Shana Madoff , who grew up on a six - acre Woodbury , LI , estate called Hastings
Hall owned by her parents , Peter and Marion Madoff .
Peter is Bernie ’s brother .
Shana , 38 , who was a compliance officer with the infamous Madoff firm , contacted Larry Levine , a former federal prisoner and founder of Wall Street Prison Consultants , the sources said .
Levine refused to identify his clients , but admitted that “ a female relative of Bernie Madoff contacted me ” about taking his Fedtime 101 crash course .
Shana contacted the company two weeks ago “ because she was concerned about her safety ” should she ever go to jail , one source said .
Shana “ has been asking around what it ’s like to do time , ” another source said .
That source said she had contacted Levine “ to learn how to game the system , so you end up in Club Fed , not Leavenworth .
“ Shana was a compliance officer and signed a lot of documents , saying they were correct , ” the source said .
“ She may have a problem . ”
Levine said , “ Another male member of Madoff ’s family also contacted me , independently ” on the same subject .
He said a representative of Bernard had contacted him before the Ponzi scammer went to jail , but the rep ’s lawyers declined to let him take the course because his phone chats were being monitored .
None of the Madoffs has yet sent money to Levine , he said .
“ I give people a wakeup call , ” said Levine , who is still on federal supervised release after serving 10 years behind bars for counterfeiting securities .
His course , which costs $ 850 , also coaches future inmates on how to secure early release .
Shana did not return calls .
Meanwhile , a pair of Bernie ’s Mets tickets for today ’s home opener at Citi Field fetched $ 7,500 in an online auction that ended with all the drama of a walk - off home run .
The price soared in the eBay auction ’s final minutes , nearly doubling the $ 3,800 price listed just two hours before the 10 a .m. close , when a war broke out between two rival bidders .
Additional reporting by Leonard Greene
kieran.crowley@nypost.com
A powerful earthquake struck central Italy early today , killing more than 100 people , making up to 50,000 homeless and flattening entire medieval towns while residents slept .
As rescue workers combed through the rubble for survivors and rushed to set up tents for the homeless before night fell , officials warned the death toll could still rise substantially and declined to estimate the number of missing .
Most of the dead were in L'Aquila , a 13th century mountain city about 100 km ( 60 miles ) east of Rome , and surrounding towns and villages in the Abruzzo region .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" Some towns in the area have been virtually destroyed in their entirety , " said Gianfranco Fini , speaker of the lower house of parliament , as MPs observed a moment of silence .
Abruzzo's regional government said more than 100 people were confirmed dead , nearly 14 hours after the quake struck with a magnitude of between 5.8 and 6.3 .
" I woke up hearing what sounded like a bomb , " said L'Aquila resident Angela Palumbo , 87 .
" We managed to escape with things falling all around us .
Everything was shaking , furniture falling .
I do n't remember ever seeing anything like this in my life . "
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi cancelled a trip to Moscow and declared a national emergency , freeing up funds for aid and rebuilding .
But he also appeared on the defensive about reports that officials shrugged off a warning about the quake weeks ago .
Flying in to the disaster zone , Berlusconi told reporters that now was the time to concentrate on relief efforts and " we can discuss afterwards about the predictability of earthquakes " .
Civil Protection Department officials said up to 50,000 people may have been made homeless in some 26 cities and towns .
More than 1,500 people were injured and thousands of houses , churches and buildings collapsed or were damaged .
Rubble was strewn throughout L'Aquila , a city of 68,000 , and nearby towns , blocking roads and hampering rescue teams .
Old women wailed and residents armed with only their bare hands helped firefighters and rescue workers tear through the rubble .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
In the small town of Onna , 10 people were killed , said a Reuters photographer who saw a mother and her infant daughter carried away in the same coffin .
Older houses and buildings made of stone , particularly in outlying villages that have not seen much restoration , collapsed like straw houses .
Hospitals appealed for help from doctors and nurses throughout Italy .
The smell of gas filled parts of the mountain towns and villages , pouring out of ruptured mains .
Berlusconi told reporters in L'Aquila that tent cities and field hospitals would be set up there and hotels on the Adriatic coast would be requisitioned to shelter the homeless .
" We 're hoping they give us a tent or something to sleep under tonight , " said 70 - year - old Isenia Santilli , taking shelter at a sports field outside L'Aquila 's city centre where the Red Cross was feeding quake victims .
Residents of Rome , which is rarely hit by seismic activity , were woken by the quake , which rattled furniture and swayed lights in most of central Italy .
It struck shortly after 3:30 a.m. ( 0130 GMT ) .
Pope Benedict said he was saying a special prayer for the victims .
" When the quake hit , I rushed out to my father 's house and opened the main door and everything had collapsed .
My father is surely dead .
I called for help but no one was around , " said Camillo Berardi in L'Aquila .
A resident standing by an apartment block that was reduced to the height of an adult said : " This building was four storeys high . "
In another part of the city , residents tried to hush the wailing of grief to try to pinpoint the sound of a crying baby .
Part of a university residence and a hotel collapsed in L'Aquila and at least one person was still trapped .
At least four Romanesque and Renaissance churches and a 16th century castle were damaged , the Culture Ministry said .
Part of the nave of the Basilica of Santa Maria di Collemaggio , one of the area 's best - known churches , collapsed .
To the north , the belltower of the lavish Renaissance Basilica of San Bernardino also crumbled .
Bridges and highways in the mountainous area were closed as a precaution .
Weeks before the disaster , an Italian scientist had predicted a major quake around L'Aquila , based on concentrations of radon gas found around seismically active areas .
Seismologist Gioacchino Giuliani , who lives in L'Aquila , was reported to police for " spreading alarm " and was forced to remove his findings from the Internet .
Civil Protection assured locals at the end of March that tremors being felt were " absolutely normal " for a seismic area .
Earthquakes can be particularly dangerous in parts of Italy because so many buildings are centuries old .
About 2,700 people died in an earthquake in the south in 1980 .
You ’ve been doing them wrong this whole time :
That tidbit is courtesy of the Spiritual Research Foundation — an oxymoronic name akin to Creation Science .
There are plenty more images where that one came from … they become funnier ( or scarier ) when you realize some people take them seriously :
There ’s an entire page devoted to “ Spiritual Facts ” which includes statistics like this one :
“ Negative destiny “ ?
You ’re shitting me .
For some reason , they left the citations for the numbers off the page …
That whole site is full of hilarity .
It ’s bad enough people do these things without any regard for science .
It ’s even more embarrassing when they try to justify their superstitions with numbers and the false pretenses of science .
( via Unreasonable Faith )
Antigo , Wis. , police and Langlade County sheriff ’s deputies watched as $ 500,000 in marijuana went up in smoke at a local gravel pit .
The cannabis bonfire Wednesday night was the result of drug trafficking in the northwoods over the past several years .
Local authorities have been particularly effective in finding marijuana growing operations in recent years , said county drug enforcement office Dan Bauknecht .
Officers burned 800 pot plants and 300 pounds of marijuana , including some already in blocks and ready for sale .
Authorities said they also tossed a half pound of cocaine , some heroin , Ecstasy tablets , methamphetamine and other drugs into the fire .
Ready for battle ?
Battalions of super - soldiers could result from the US army ’s relationship with novel neurotechnology research ( Image : Richard Mattox / US Army )
Editorial : Is this the dawn of the super - soldier ?
BATALLIONS of super - soldiers could be selected for specific duties on the basis of their genetic make - up and then constantly monitored for signs of weakness .
So says a report by the US National Academies of Science ( NAS ) .
If a soldier is struggling , a digital “ buddy ” might step in and warn them about nearby threats , or advise comrades to zap them with an electromagnet to increase their alertness .
If …
Lord Rennard , the most senior Liberal Democrat embroiled in the expenses row , will step down in the autumn for what he said yesterday were health and family reasons .
The departure of their chief executive saves the Liberal Democrats a potentially embarrassing row over the £ 40,000 he claimed for a second home .
Lord Rennard owned a flat less than two miles from the House of Lords and from his office in the party 's Westminster headquarters .
He is thought to have spent the £ 40,000 on a holiday house in Eastbourne .
The size of his claim sat uneasily alongside the high - profile campaign to clean up Parliament conducted by the Liberal Democrat leader , Nick Clegg .
The Liberal Democrats have come through the expenses row with fewer embarrassing revelations than the main parties , although one of their MPs , Andrew George , came under fire for claiming expenses on a London flat used by his daughter .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
And the party 's millionaire home affairs spokesman , Chris Huhne , has been ridiculed for claiming for bus tickets , HobNob biscuits and a £ 119 trouser press .
One outsider said that if Lord Rennard had not offered to step down , he would have faced the prospect of an investigation by the Liberal Democrat chief whip and possible disciplinary action .
" He jumped before he was pushed , " the source said .
In a letter to party members , Lord Rennard said he had discussed the move with Mr Clegg " some time ago " .
He wrote : " I want to be able to work more flexibly in future whilst of course continuing to help our party advance .
I believe that I will be better able to do so without the administrative burdens of being chief executive and running the party 's day to day organisation . "
Lord Rennard said he wanted to have " something of a more normal life outside the Westminster bubble " with his retired wife , Ann .
" This has become more important to me as I have struggled to maintain good diabetic control with the rigours of a very demanding lifestyle .
This has proved to be increasingly difficult whilst carrying out the role of chief executive at HQ and around the country . "
When details of Lord Rennard 's expenses were first leaked , he defended them on the grounds that they had been " specifically " approved by the House of Lords authorities .
" Peers are not paid any salary or pension for their work .
But you are allowed to claim an allowance for a London property whilst maintaining a home outside London as in my case , " he said .
Chris Rennard organised a series of successful by - election victories in the 1990s which boosted morale and support for the Liberal Democrats , helping them win 62 seats at the 2005 election , their best showing in decades .
He was made a life peer in 1999 , and appointed chief executive , in charge of the party 's 40 full - time staff , in 2003 .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
Mr Clegg paid a warm tribute to Lord Rennard , crediting him with having steered the party " through some turbulent times " .
He said : " Without Chris 's unique skills as one of the country 's most astute and effective political campaigners , I doubt that the party would now have the largest number of MPs in decades . "
The longest fortnight at Westminster : MPs caught in the spotlight
CASUALTIES
Michael Martin Labour MP for Glasgow North East
Offence : Tried to stop publication of expenses .
Attacked pro-reform MPs .
Reply : Quit for sake of unity .
Prospects : Standing down as Speaker and MP next month .
Sir Peter Viggers Tory MP for Gosport
Offence : Claimed £ 1,645 for a duck house .
Reply : Acted " in accordance with the rules " .
Prospects :
To step down at election .
Andrew MacKay Tory MP for Bracknell
Offence : Claimed for second home , but appears not to have a main home .
Reply : Apologised .
Prospects : Resigned as aide to David Cameron .
Facing constituents today .
Douglas Hogg Tory MP for Sleaford & N Hykeham
Offence : Claimed £ 2,000 to clean out moat .
Reply :
Said he acted within the rules , but repaying money .
Prospects :
Wo n't run for re-election .
Shahid Malik Labour MP for Dewsbury
Offence : Paying reduced rent .
Reply : Looks forward to having his name cleared .
Prospects : Stepped down as Home Office minister .
Hopes to get job back .
David Chaytor Labour MP for Bury North
Offence : Claimed £ 13,000 on " phantom " mortgage .
Reply : Agreed to repay money .
Prospects : Under investigation .
Suspended from parliamentary party .
Elliot Morley Labour MP for Scunthorpe
Offence : Claimed £ 16,000 on " phantom " mortgage .
Reply : Repaying money .
Prospects :
Stood down as chair of select committee .
Suspended .
Ben Chapman Labour MP for Wirral South
Offence : Claimed for part of a mortgage he had already paid off .
Reply : Said fees office approved .
Prospects : Chief whip investigating .
Will stand down at next election .
Lord Rennard Liberal Democrat peer
Offence : Claimed £ 40,000 when owned flat near Westminster
Reply : Claims it was approved
Prospects :
Stepping down as party 's chief executive in autumn
Anthony Steen Tory MP for Totnes
Offence : Claimed more than £ 80,000 over four years on mansion .
Reply : " I do n't what the fuss is about . "
Prospects :
Not standing again .
Faces losing whip if protests continue .
UNDER FIRE
Hazel Blears Labour MP for Salford
Offence : Did not pay capital gains tax when selling her London flat .
Reply : Paid back £ 13,332 to taxman .
Prospects : Behaviour described by Brown as " totally unacceptable " .
Jacqui Smith Labour MP for Redditch
Offence : Claimed two adult movies , watched by her husband .
Reply : Apologised .
Repaid money .
Prospects :
At risk of demotion or move at the next reshuffle .
Tony McNulty Labour MP for Harrow East
Offence : Claimed about £ 60,000 on home where parents lived .
Reply : Rules not broken as did work at the property .
Prospects :
May face police probe .
Margaret Moran Labour MP for Luton South
Offence : Claimed £ 22,500 to fix dry rot on home miles from constituency .
Reply : Initially defensive but now repaying the money .
Prospects : Labour investigating her .
Phil Hope Labour MP for Corby and East Northants
Offence : Claimed second homes allowance to kit out London flat .
Reply : Repaying £ 41,709 .
Prospects :
Set to lose marginal seat .
About PixelCity OSX :
When I stumbled upon Shamus pixelcity project on google code I just had to port it . :)
Turned out it was n't all that difficult , so here you have it !
Source is included in the distribution .
• There are no art assets .
All content is generated at runtime .
• Written in C++ using OpenGL .
No fragment or vertex shaders are used .
The original project and code by Shamus Young can be found here .
Arthritis Tasmania has condemned the actions of a church in north - west Tasmania which has cancelled a senior citizens ' Tai Chi class .
The Wynyard Baptist Church says the martial arts - based exercises go against the Bible .
Elderly people who have been attending the classes for the past two years say the gentle art helps relieve their arthritis .
Wendy Broomhall is all but crippled by arthritis and drugs have done little to help .
Two years ago she found Tai Chi provided some relief and had been attending the local classes .
" It 's just given me mobility , helped with my balance , because I 've had ill health had two aneurisms and my arthritis is crippling , " she said .
" It just seems to get me through each and every . "
But the church leader , the Reverend Viv Morse , says he thought Arthritis Tasmania was holding simple exercise classes , not Tai Chi .
He says the classes have now been cancelled because parishioners were concerned about the martial art 's links to Buddhism .
" Anybody that focuses in on the exercise has the wrong message .
It 's the belief systems that are clashing . "
" We have a right to say that is not acceptable in our church because it clashes with our Christian beliefs , " he said .
Jackie Slyp from Arthritis Tasmania says the church should show more understanding about Tai Chi's therapeutic benefits .
" I was a little disappointed that we did n't have the opportunity to talk to them about the benefits of Tai Chi for arthritis . "
The Church says its decision is final but will help the group find another venue .
UPDATE : Police say undercover officer bought pot from Derek Copp before raiding his apartment
Prosecutors have authorized a charge for delivery or manufacture of marijuana against Derek Copp , the Grand Valley State University student shot and injured by an officer during a drug raid on his off - campus apartment .
RELATED CONTENT
Transcript of felony warrant request
He is scheduled for an arraignment April 22 in Hudsonville District Court , court records show .
The warrant for the charge was sworn out today in Grand Haven District Court .
Police found a small amount of marijuana in Copp 's apartment , his lawyer has said .
And a source familiar with the investigation said police or a confidential informant allegedly bought marijuana more than once at Copp 's apartment , providing the evidence for the search warrant to raid the home .
Return to mlive.com / grand -rapids for updates .
The Treasury Department Forced Healthy Banks to Give up Control to the Government
Under the Freedom of Information Act , Judicial Watch was able to obtain an internal memo from the Treasury Department and what we have discovered in this document is downright disturbing .
According to the memo , last October Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson ordered nine banks that were not troubled to surrender ownership interests to the government or face regulations that would force them into government ownership .
In other words the government forced these banks which were not in peril to succumb to government control or the government would wrestle control away from them .
The talking points indicate that Paulson then told the nine bank CEOs that the government was going to use $ 250 billion of the $ 700 billion approved by Congress to shore up the financial industry through the “ Troubled Asset Relief Program ” ( TARP ) to buy stock in banks all across the country and that the nine banks these CEOs represented had no choice but to allow the government to buy their stock–or else .
This was one of President Bush ’s last acts as president and when you read something as frightening as the government forcing nine banks to give in and accept government control or else , is it any wonder that those who supported President Bush right up to the end , like myself , soured on him just before he left office ?
Now our current president is following President Bush ’s lead and taking it to another level .
The government is buying up once private industries such as GM , AIG , and the like ; soon the health - care industry will follow .
More and more companies and industries are being taken over by the government and this has to stop now !
We are watching the United States being Europeanized right in front of our eyes and we are helpless to stop it .
Belfast is to host one of the world 's most unique sporting events this summer - the World Dwarf Games .
More than 200 athletes of restricted growth , from 15 countries , will take part in nine sports at the fifth games being held over a week from 27 July , it was announced today .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The competitions will be held at the Mary Peters Track in south Belfast , the University of Ulster 's Jordanstown campus and Larne Leisure Centre .
Lord Mayor Naomi Long paid tribute to the Dwarf Athletic Association of Northern Ireland who had been successful in bringing the games to Belfast .
She said : " Through their hard work and dedication , DAANI gives people with restricted growth conditions the opportunity to get more involved in mainstream sports and outdoor activity . "
Ms Long added : " Events like this are important to Belfast and its economy , and the council is extremely pro-active in attracting high profile events to the city .
" Our research indicates that every £ 1 we spend on hosting major international events generates £ 42 in income for the city . "
The chief executive of Sport Northern Ireland , Eamonn McCartan , added : " This promises to be an exciting and unique event , once again affording Belfast , and Northern Ireland as a whole , a valuable opportunity to showcase itself on the international stage as an ideal venue for world class sporting events . "
The first World Dwarf Games was held in Chicago in 1993 .
They were then held in England in 1997 , Canada in 2001 and France in 2005 .
In 2006 Belfast hosted the first European Championships which attracted more than 100 athletes from eight countries .
From The Belfast Telegraph
Did someone in the Obama administration force Chrysler , as part of its reorganization , to order the closure of auto dealerships mostly among Republicans , while leaving Democratic - owned dealerships intact ?
Naaaah .
What , are you kidding me ?
But , you know , it sounded really good to Michelle Malkin .
Mostly because she loves to fancy herself an " investigative journalist " and these kinds of " scoops " entrance her on a regular basis .
Of course , the fact that none of them ever pan out seems not to deter her in the slightest .
Malkin , along with her intrepid pals at Newsbusters and a variety of other right - wing blogs , were all over it yesterday .
Malkin appeared on Fox and Friends in the morning to tout her latest liberal - perfidy theory .
Too bad it took only a flick of Nate Silver 's wrist to blow it all to smithereens .
Seems that when you go looking at political donations by occupation , people who list " auto dealers " or some variation thereof are Republican by about an 8 - 1 margin :
Overall , 88 percent of the contributions from car dealers went to Republican candidates and just 12 percent to Democratic candidates .
By comparison , the list of dealers on Doug Ross 's list ( which I have n't vetted , but I assume is fine ) gave 92 percent of their money to Republicans -- not really a significant difference .
There 's no conspiracy here , folks -- just some bad math .
It should n't be any surprise , by the way , that car dealers tend to vote -- and donate -- Republican .
They are usually male , they are usually older ( you do n't own an auto dealership in your 20s ) , and they have obvious reasons to be pro-business , pro-tax cut , anti-green energy and anti-labor .
Car dealerships need quite a bit of space and will tend to be located in suburban or rural areas .
I can't think of too many other occupations that are more natural fits for the Republican Party .
You can just toss this one on the ashheap of such discarded Malkin " investigative scoops " as the General Ripperesque notion that the Flight 93 memorial is actually a tribute to the terrorists or that a suicide bomber in Oklahoma was the forerunner of an Islamic conspiracy there .
She likewise groundlessly attacked the Pulitzer winner in photography as a secret Jihadi sympathizer ; attacked USA Today with conspiratorial accusations for a badly retouched photo ; and perhaps most notoriously , tried to ferret out a nefarious conspiracy by the Associated Press in Baghdad that turned out to be completely false .
Though perhaps nothing quite matches her attack on a 12 - year - old that again turned out to be a case of overwrought right - wing fantasizing .
But then , that incident pretty much was a case of self - immolation .
Steve Benen and Bob Cesca have more .
I 'm not going to lecture anyone here or attempt to describe , define , outline , analyze or rewrite the constitution .
I am not going to go through the historical reasoning set forth for census taking and I will not even speak of the initiation of this tainted policy in this country .
As an aside , I do realize that we are currently in an economic depression , and that worrying about a government census at this time seems minor , but is it really ?
I am simply trying to warn all those who still remember what liberty is , and all those who now have a new or reawakened curiosity about freedom , what to expect from the 2010 census and the census taking gendarmes who will soon be harassing all of us .
And given the current high unemployment rate , government officials will have an over - abundance of choices to fill the part - time census taker jobs .
I do n't consider this to be advantageous as government will be able to choose more obnoxious and more power - driven individuals to do its bidding than normal .
This is not a new subject matter for me as I have been threatened by the U.S. Census Bureau in the past .
In a previous article , " Threatened by the Census Bureau , " I talked about the intimidating and threatening approach that this organization uses to scare the citizenry into compliance .
In my case , at least concerning the incident mentioned in the above article , I was threatened with fines and / or imprisonment if I did not comply .
The only census that is to be taken according to our constitution , an obvious affront to liberty regardless of its so - called legality , is a simple head count every ten years .
Therefore , the business census that I was sent was fully unconstitutional .
Already , the federal and state governments are preparing for this invasion of our privacy .
The complicit mainstream media has been hired by government to announce and solicit compliance with this survey .
Even my local radio station and newspaper are running ads for census taker positions daily .
Testing centers have been opened and applicants are being interviewed .
High wages are being offered to anyone willing to strong - arm the local populace .
If this is going on here in my small community , it must be going on in every community .
Just what is the cost of such a venture and how many new government agents will be hired to take on this task of counting heads ?
The main problem , of course , is that over the years the U.S. census has taken on a new , lengthy and very intrusive nature .
The census for 2010 though , as claimed by the Census Bureau , will be one of the shortest on record .
Before you jump to the incorrect conclusion that the government is paring back its plan to know anything and everything about you , some explanation is in order .
According to the U.S. Census Bureau 's site , the 2010 census will be a " short form census " only .
This is deceiving .
The long form that is normally sent to 1 in 6 families during the actual census , " The American Community Survey , " ( 52 pages ) will not be sent in the 2010 census count .
The bureau claims that " Decoupling the short form and long form allows the Census Bureau to focus efforts on the constitutional requirements to produce a count of the resident population , employ technology to improve efficiencies , provide more timely data , improve coverage accuracy , and contain costs while keeping operational risk to a minimum . "
This statement is simply a smoke and mirrors statement ( a lie in other words ) intended to pacify the public at large .
The American Community Survey or long form , that used to go to 1 in 6 households during the decennial count , is now being sent to many every year .
In addition , other census surveys , such as the business survey I received , are also being sent on a regular basis .
All these surveys are mandatory .
This means that there could be very adverse consequences should one refuse to comply !
Are you beginning to get the picture ?
In other words , the Census Bureau is as nosy as ever , even more so , and they are using the threat of force against those willing to stand up for their rights .
The government is now just rearranging the process so as to give a false impression .
So what else is new ?
Lying , cheating and misleading the citizenry is the government 's modus operandi .
Now to the meat of the problem !
In my opinion , the harassment and threats for non-compliance will be intensified and more obvious than ever this coming year .
Since I wrote my first article concerning this subject , I have received letter after letter from many who have been harassed , threatened , intimidated and just plain bothered by census takers .
These people ( census takers ) are trained to not take no for an answer and they can be and will be aggressive and abrasive .
I have always tended to be polite and to tell them only how many people are in my household .
If they persisted in their endeavor , I simply asked them to leave my property .
If they continued to be impolite , I then demanded that they leave my property at once , or I would take other measures .
That , at least considering personal contact situations , has been enough to solve the problem so far .
This has not been the case , however , considering other types of census taking .
I believe that the Community and Business surveys , if not adhered to , will be the cause of more government wrath visited upon those properly refusing to answer such intrusive questions .
One particular individual has written to me on several occasions and explained exactly what was going on due to not fully complying with one of these very unconstitutional surveys .
This individual received threats , letters from census supervisors and several personal visits without prior notice .
One census worker was actually hanging around trying to find an opportunity to confront this citizen .
Fortunately , this person never complied , but most under these same circumstances would have .
I find this troubling and wish more would stand up to these simpletons doing the bidding of leviathan .
Much of the problem stems from the fact that local , state and federal agencies depend on " good " census participation in order to allocate more federal dollars .
There is also the little discussed advantage of capturing and recording extreme amounts of personal data from the now vassal - like society dependent on government .
According to the 2010 Census Bureau site , there are many needs concerning the census , so many questions on the census are followed by a list of Community Benefits gained due to answers given .
These so - called Community Benefits include education , government , planning , social services , employment , housing , banking , etc .
I do n't know how one can separate this agenda from something akin to a socialist or communistic agenda , but I do know that attempts by government to plan society are antithetical to liberty , and therefore should be shunned .
The incentives for forced compliance are evident and at all levels of government , but the incentives for us to resist this invasion should be stronger than government 's will to control us .
For those willing to stand up to these trimmers in government , confrontations are likely , and I should know , as I have now seen this dynamic from more than one angle .
But I hope that during this upcoming census many will stand their ground and put these imbeciles in their place !
Just how much more are we going to take ?
April 11 , 2009
The Best of Gary D. Barnett
Clinical social worker Michele Mikesell testified at a three - day hearing earlier this year that in 2000 , after learning her husband had had an affair , Sifrit became deeply troubled and fearful of losing his love .
Mikesell said she warned Sifrit " that unless she gets out of this marriage as fast as possible , something horrible will happen . "
President Zelaya told supporters the court was not serving democracy Tensions are rising in Honduras after President Manuel Zelaya ignored a court order to reinstate the army chief .
Mr Zelaya fired Gen Romeo Vasquez after he refused to help with a referendum on constitutional change that could allow the president to seek a second term .
Both Congress and the courts have already deemed the planned referendum unlawful .
The Supreme Court ordered Gen Vasquez reinstated on Thursday but Mr Zelaya told crowds he refused to comply .
" We will not obey the Supreme Court , " the president told cheering supporters in front of the presidential offices .
" The court , which only imparts justice for the powerful , the rich and the bankers , only causes problems for democracy , " he said .
Unstable Mr Zelaya was elected in 2006 and under the current constitution is barred from standing for re-election .
He wants to hold a referendum on Sunday to ask Hondurans if they approve of holding a vote on unspecified constitutional change at the same time as the presidential election in November .
Army chief Gen Romeo Vasquez said he could not break the law On Tuesday , the Honduran Congress passed a law that appeared to block these plans .
The new bill prevents the holding of referendums or plebiscites 180 days before or after general elections .
Armed forces chief Gen Romeo Vasquez then said he could not help to organise the referendum as he would be breaking the law .
Military leaders refused to deliver ballot boxes for the vote - a move that led to the sacking of Gen Vasquez and the resignation of Defence Minister Edmundo Orellana on Wednesday .
The heads of the army , navy and air force also resigned in protest .
Early on Thursday Mr Zelaya and his supporters entered a military base and removed ballot boxes that were being stored there .
The military , meanwhile , deployed hundreds of troops in the capital , Tegucigalpa , saying it wanted to prevent disturbances by the president 's supporters .
The BBC's Stephen Gibbs says that the political situation in the country appears to be becoming increasingly unstable .
The Organisation of American States has called a meeting on Friday to discuss the crisis , the Associated Press news agency said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Martyrs Mirror is now getting into the early Anabaptist “ heretic ” martyrs , and one of the first tales is that of Johannes Erigena of Scotland , who was murdered by his students .
They stabbed him to death with , get this , penknives and awls .
Talk about a death of 1,000 cuts .
At least Julius Caesar was stabbed to death with proper daggers , not razorblades and ice picks .
Father Erigena , it seems , spent his whole life writing stridently against the silly belief of transubstantiation , the idea that the bread and wine of the Eucharist actually become the incarnate body and blood of Christ .
Unfortunately , in the 9th Century , this silliness was Church doctrine .
Erigna was forced to flee his university rectory in Paris and hide out at a school in England .
After a few years , either the scholars or the monks , depending on which account you read , pricked him to death in a fit of religious fervor .
According to Wikipedia , there is significant doubt as to whether the Johannes who was stabbed to death was the same one who wrote the heretical books .
But the Wikipedia account contains a deliciously ironic detail .
The Mirror refers to the scholars ’ weapons as “ penknives , ” bringing to mind thin , inchlong blades .
Wikipedia states that the scholars used their styli .
A stylus is a long spike used to scratch writing into a wax tablet .
Erigena , the scholarly writer , was stabbed to death with pens .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
According to sources in Taiwan , Sunnyvale , California - based Advanced Micro Devices will beat its main rival NVIDIA in the race for the first DirectX 11 - ready GPUs .
The company has reportedly been ready to unveil the new models for some time now , but the much anticipated release has been stalled due to issues with TSMC 's 40nm manufacturing process , which still requires some tuning .
Despite the reported problems with 40nm chips , AMD is expected to announce its first DirectX 11 - ready graphics accelerators by October this year .
Just days away from the Computex 2009 kickoff , details on AMD 's next - generation GPUs emerge , with claims that the chip maker has an ace up its sleeve , compared to its main rival , NVIDIA .
In a recent article , Tim Smalley from bit - tech cites Taiwanese sources close to both AMD and NVIDIA , which confirmed that the very first DirectX 11 - ready GPUs would be announced in October this year , pretty much in line with the release of Microsoft 's next - generation Windows 7 operating system .
Codenamed RV870 , ATI 's upcoming GPU will be at the base of a new family of video cards , which the chip maker intends to launch in the same way as the Radeon HD 3000 and 4000 series .
This basically translates into the fact that we are going to see another dual - GPU high - end graphics card from ATI featuring the company 's flagship GPU .
On the other side there 's NVIDIA , which is said to have already taped out its GT300 GPU , but which also has problems with TSMC 's 40 nm node .
The Santa Clara , California - based manufacturer will try to deliver a chip that will be ready to maximize performance and energy efficiency , as well as handle the general computing tasks that GeForce GPUs are known for .
Unfortunately , a release date for NVIDIA 's GT300 is yet to be confirmed .
I Want You to Want Me
What stopped me was the fact that Nomadagascar was not just another attractive stranger on a dating website .
I had seen this photograph before .
His real name is Jonathan Harris , and I was familiar with the artwork to which his profile referred .
Every week for years , I wrote a column about websites for a small newspaper in Virginia .
Tuesday morning after Tuesday morning , I would sit down and write 300 pithy words in praise of yet another site at which one could — if one chose — waste hours .
That said , until recently I had never explored the world of online dating .
But one evening about a year ago , the bottle of red beside me was offering diminishing returns and before I knew it , I was scanning the faces on the sex and dating website Nerve.com , wondering if the fedora - wearing charmer from a television commercial I ’d seen really existed .
I had spent about an hour profile - surfing when I saw him : Nomadagascar , sandwiched between Photofilmguy and Anil2469 .
According to his profile , Nomadagascar was a 28 - year - old , sandy - haired , gap - toothed , 5 ’ 10 , ” artist / designer based in Brooklyn , a non-smoker , a light / social drinker , who said the five items he can’t live without are “ a sketchbook , a red pen , espresso , silence , noise , ” and who described the pace of his life as “ manic hermit . ”
What stopped me was the fact that Nomadagascar was not just another attractive stranger on a dating website .
I had seen this photograph before .
His real name is Jonathan Harris , and I was familiar with the artwork to which his profile referred .
Two years earlier , I had been doing research for my column when I stumbled across a site called “ We Feel Fine ” that seamlessly married ideas of “ website ” and “ art . ”
People can go to the site and type in a word that describes a human emotion — “ lonely , ” “ volatile , ” “ exposed , ” “ alive , ” “ connected , ” “ safe , ” “ better ” — and , in a matter of seconds , the site runs an algorithmic program that searches blogs and websites all over the world for phrases beginning with the words “ I feel ” or “ I am feeling , ” plus the word you just typed .
Results then pop up on the screen indicating who else out there in the blogosphere , in the online world , is feeling — or has recently felt — what you were feeling in that moment .
A visit to the site reveals that hundreds of people are typing “ I feel lonely ” or “ I am feeling alive ” or “ I feel better ” into the void at any given hour on any given day .
The viewer can also type in certain demographic , geographic and atmospheric specifications ( 26 - year - old woman , Charlottesville , Virginia , partly cloudy ) , and the site then takes the emotional temperature of other people who match those specifications online in that moment of time .
For me , the website was both reassuring and disconcerting , simultaneously creating a community of emotion , and acknowledging the utter solitude of human existence .
It made me feel alone , but part of a collective loneliness , and that was something .
If I began to feel that old sense of dread in my stomach , I could go to this site and find someone else ( perhaps a 57 - year - old man living in Bucharest ) who was feeling what I felt , who understood if not me , then at least my passing mood ; such a stranger ’s emotional plight diminished the anxiety I felt about my own ( we ’re all in this together ; we ’re both alone and not alone , etc. ) .
In short , I thought the site was brilliant .
I believed that whoever had produced this idea was someone who had succeeded in creating a virtual space that was both intensely emotional and deeply intelligent .
Here was someone , I told myself , with utter sympathy , complete sensitivity , for what it means to be human in an age that too often relies on technology as a substitute for what has historically sustained us : person - to - person connection .
Curiosity piqued , I googled the two people responsible for the site .
One was a man named Sep Kamvar ; the other was a man named Jonathan Harris .
Jonathan , I gathered was the ringleader .
On his personal website , he identified himself as a Princeton grad artistically exploring humanity and the world through computers and technology .
Posted with his bio was the photograph I saw on Nerve : a sepia - toned shot of Jonathan wearing a thermal shirt and standing in front of a forest of evergreens .
His eyes are squinting , his mouth is closed , and he ’s not quite smiling .
His blond hair is tousled , a shell necklace hangs around his neck .
He looks kind and open .
Sitting surrounded by dirty coffee mugs at my windowless basement cubicle , a column deadline looming , I felt as though my world had opened up .
Perhaps I should have fallen for that anxious 57 - year - old man in Bucharest , but instead I was falling for the architect of the entire project .
It was n’t the individual stranger plucked out of the void who fascinated me , but the person who wanted that stranger to be plucked at all .
It was the equivalent of going to a play and falling not for an actor on the stage , but for the director .
I soon learned Jonathan ’s work had been featured on CNN and Reuters , in The New York Times and the Centre Pompidou .
He had won Webby Awards , lectured at the TED conference and at Google .
From that day forward , when asked in jest by friends to conjure my ideal man , he was the person I would describe .
“ You never know , ” they would say , “ it can be a remarkably small world . ” I was less optimistic .
Nearly three years passed .
At the time I stumbled across Nomadagascar ’s profile , the most recent piece Jonathan had completed was an online photo gallery called “ The Whale Hunt . ”
It is a series of 3,214 photographs taken at intervals throughout the course of a nine - day trip Jonathan took to the northernmost Alaskan settlement of Inupiat Eskimos to witness a whale hunt .
The intervals at which the photographs were taken are intended to mimic the way a human heart beats — the more exciting the moment in time , the shorter the intervals , and vice versa .
My heart beat as his heart beat .
My heart beat as some theoretical heart beat .
The photographs document everything from packing for the trip to the airports traversed to the days spent on the ice waiting and waiting and waiting to the moments of the actual killings and harvestings .
Over the course of two hours , as the 3,214 photographs passed in front of my eyes , I traveled alongside Jonathan , exploring with him both the tedium and the intensity of life and death that lurks in the images .
We went through a lot together — him and me — that afternoon .
I wondered whether sharing heartbeats was Jonathan ’s way of convincing himself he was not alone out there .
Both the photograph of Jonathan I had first encountered three years earlier , and one of him engulfed in an anorak and about to embark on the whale hunt , were posted on his profile .
Within moments , I had signed up for a trial membership ( Protagoniste , 28 - year - old woman in Brooklyn , New York , 5 ’ 4 ” , light / social drinker , who , if she had a million dollars would not give it to the Scientologists , and who is looking for “ someone who has a strange fascination with Ben Franklin ” ) and sent Jonathan an email :
Hi there , I recognize the photograph you posted from ‘ The Whale Hunt . ’
I love your work .
In fact , I ’ve written about it for a newspaper I work for .
What are you working on now ?
That night , in between answering one of the site ’s required generic questions about myself ( “ I sometimes daydream about how , if I ever have a baby , I do n’t want to send out baby announcements that say ‘ It ’s a boy ! ’ or ‘ It ’s a girl ! ’
What I want to do instead is send out baby announcements that say , ‘ It ’s a panda ! ’ ” ) and another ( “ Gram Parsons , the Decemberists , the Shirelles , Bill Monroe ” ) I could n’t help myself : I would gaze at Jonathan ’s blond curls and envision our wedding on the Vermont farm where he grew up .
He was like that apartment you see on Craigslist , the one you fall in love with and know you ca n’t afford ; the one you arrange to see in person just because you can ; the one you still daydream about how it would look with your couch placed here , your rug just so , and your favorite lamp throwing a light on the dark wall over there without a window .
Jonathan did n’t write back to me as quickly as I hoped he would .
While I waited , I spent hours memorizing his profile .
That way , when we did finally meet face to face , I would have an arsenal of informed questions for him .
He loves big spaces , silence , cold air , and even has a weird thing for the smell of skunks .
( I always breathe extra deeply when I smell skunk !
What about garlic ?
Do you love garlic breath ?
I do . )
The farm where he grew up is right on the shores of Lake Champlain , so he could teach me the secrets of effortless stone - skipping , and his mother ’s favorite activity is hunting for sea glass among the slate stones , so he did that too as a kid .
( I bet that farmhouse is filled with little piles of sea glass placed haphazardly here and there .
I bet that house is beautiful . )
The best movie he saw last year was The Lives of Others .
( Same here !
After seeing it I felt as if the anonymous eyes of strangers were kinder , more forgiving , somehow less anonymous .
I felt the tension between how we watch each other and how we watch over each other .
Is that how you felt ?
Or did you feel something else ?
What ? )
He has kept sketchbooks his whole life , filled with writing , watercolors , drawings , dead insects , pasted ticket stubs , and most anything else that can be glued or taped to a page .
( Those books , do you recall where each scrap came from ?
Could you tell me every story ?
What do you know of the faces behind these fragments of ephemera ?
Do you remember it all ? )
One week , one week and a day , one week and two days , one week and three days .
Still no word .
I needed to be patient : he would get around to me , eventually .
A few weeks later , I had a day off and decided to spend it at the Museum of Modern Art .
I had heard that an exhibit called “ Design and the Elastic Mind ” was worth seeing , so I ventured to Fifty - Third Street , took the escalator to the sixth floor , and proceeded to make my way through the show .
The cavernous rooms were crowded — so much so that each piece had a group of people three - deep around it , and the pace of the horde through the space was slow and claustrophobic .
There was a piece that tracked the movements of San Francisco taxi cabs through the night , a piece that fabricated plastic furniture based on the motions made when a person drew a wand through the air , and a piece that tallied , by block , the number of people from the Brownsville , Brooklyn housing project serving time in federal prison .
About halfway through , I approached a three - and - a - half - foot - tall by two - and - a - half - foot - wide computerized screen hung against a black wall .
I immediately recognized this as Jonathan ’s work .
I walked up and staked out space for myself in the crowd around it .
The piece was entitled “ I Want You to Want Me . ” Pink , blue , and mauve - colored balloons floated across the screen and , as the curator ’s blurb explained , “ each balloon represents a single real person ’s dating profile collected from the Internet in real time . ”
I felt as though I had walked up to the “ Homo Sapiens , Romanticus , 2008 ” cage at the Zoo of Human Emotion .
Against each balloon was projected the silhouette of a person performing solitary tasks : folding clothes , flipping through a magazine , doing push - ups , putting up an umbrella , curtsying to no one , but facing forward nonetheless , so that the curtsy was directed at the viewer .
The piece had five movements .
If a viewer touched the link on the screen to the first movement —
“ Who I Am ” — balloons shot up from the bottom of the screen and floated towards the top .
If the viewer then touched a balloon as it was floating upwards , a thought bubble beginning with the phrase , “ I am ” would pop up next to the balloon and a photograph of the person ( taken from his or her dating profile ) responsible for the text would appear swinging from the end of a virtual string attached to the balloon , so that you could see the face of the person behind the words .
Balloons not popped by the fingers of curious museum - goers floated off the screen , disappearing into nowhere .
The second “ movement ” of the piece was called “ What I Want . ”
If the viewer touched the link to this movement , balloons shot up from the bottom of the screen and formed one large , pulsating heart of balloons .
When touched , they revealed desires beginning with the phrase , “ I am looking for . ”
The third movement was called “ Openers ” and when that link was touched , balloons sprang forth and formed a field of bursting flowers that , when plucked by MoMA tourists , elicited pick - up lines .
In the fourth movement , “ Closers , ” the balloons formed a grid of final thoughts ( “ fingers crossed , ” “ looking forward to hearing from you , ” etc . ) .
The fifth , “ Taglines , ” displayed profile subject lines ( “ Hunter or gatherer ? ” “ Looking 4 a real girl ” ) and the balloons formed a spinning DNA double helix .
A bonus feature was the “ Matchmaker ” function , which when touched by a viewer , algorithmically paired people based on their descriptions of who they are and what they are looking for .
The piece was visually stunning .
The balloons were mesmerizing and the colors vibrant , almost pulsating , as if saturated with life .
The way the piece beckoned for you to reach out and touch it was seductive ; I was seduced .
And yet , standing there , reading popped balloons , was to become an accidental eavesdropper on an unconscious choir of desire .
The problem was that the only people aware of this particular performance were not the audience for whom these singers , with their mouths wide open , sang .
This symphony was being both composed and pirated simultaneously :
I think I am a great singer , but no one agrees .
I am the coolest dork you will ever meet .
I am looking for someone who appreciates the fact that I ’ve never worn my cell phone clipped onto my belt .
I like the way sidewalks smell after it rains .
I bet you * really * want to hear how yet another dude just loves his ipod !
The last great book I read was The Secret Agent ( Joseph Conrad ) .
Who would have thought it is FULL of fat people jokes ?
I ’m 1960 ’s modern in love with 1970 ’s avant - garde .
Jessica Alba is sexy ; Greta Wodele is sexier .
I ’m Jewish according to mom .
Dating is not as funny as it should be .
I did n’t know what to think .
On the one hand , the images of that pulsating heart of balloons and that field of bursting flowers , seemed to imply sympathy for the people contained within the heart and field of flowers ; on the other hand , these were people who were looking for something , and their words and their faces and their desires and their loneliness were being put on display on the wall of a major museum without their permission or knowledge .
On the one hand , this was found art ; on the other hand , was it ?
On the one hand , these people had put this information onto the Internet themselves and had no legal expectation to privacy ; on the other hand , the piece seemed to take advantage of naïve people who did n’t understand what little ownership they have over the information about themselves available on the Internet .
On the one hand , information is taken from the Internet all the time and reprinted in different contexts ; on the other hand , faces and emotions and private lives on a museum wall take appropriation to a whole new level .
The project seemed kind to the idea of loneliness , yet it seemed to disregard the actual people to whom that loneliness belonged .
The chances were slim , but what if I suddenly saw my own face — that photograph of me , on a hike in Colorado smiling from beneath the brim of a hat while hugging my dog — appear in the wake of a popped balloon ?
While I was certain I would feel exposed and taken advantage of and betrayed , I did not know how I would respond to the outside world .
Would the people standing next to me recognize my face ?
Would I blush ?
Would the blush be in anger or embarrassment ?
Would I say something , or just walk away and try to disappear into the crush of bodies ?
Surely Jonathan understood the moral implications of a piece like this .
I wondered whether he had posted his own profile in order to make himself as potentially vulnerable — in theory — as the people he was using to create his artwork .
Did he think that , if there was a chance that his face , too , could appear on a computer screen in the Museum of Modern Art , that all was fair and equal between him and his unwitting muses ?
Did he create the piece to get people like me thinking about things like this ?
Had Jonathan anointed himself “ professor ” to teach people a lesson about the age in which we live ?
Did he believe that people who put themselves on a dating website would n’t mind being put on the wall of a museum ?
I had no idea .
All I knew was that he had to know exactly what he was doing .
Jonathan must have decided for himself long ago where he drew the line between what was his for the taking and what was not .
I could picture Jonathan as a little boy walking the shores of Lake Champlain with his mother and sister , picking up pieces of broken glass from among the slate stones and putting them in his pockets .
Those shards were just another incarnation of what I saw on this wall : things washed ashore randomly , beautiful when examined , pieces of an unknown whole , pieces that when piled together in a glass jar evidenced a gorgeous collection of flaws and vulnerabilities .
As I was standing there , thinking about what to think , watching balloons either pop and reveal a piece of a person , or float off untouched into virtual oblivion , a boy of not more than four years old made his way to the front of the crowd .
He giggled gleefully at the balloons exploding across the wall and , every so often , would slap the screen and shriek as balloons scattered and thought bubbles burst open indiscriminately .
Each time , he hit the screen harder than he had before ; after a few minutes of watching him have fun , I had to stop myself from bending down and whispering in his ear , “ Careful , there .
That ’s breakable . ”
Privacy and the Internet are two ideas that have not yet learned to coexist in peace : one is constantly stepping on the toes of the other , as the one cries “ None of your business ! ” and the other bleats , “ First Amendment ! ”
The law in this area is hopelessly out of date , the last major legislation dealing with the issue having gone through in 1986 .
The Electronic Communications Privacy
Act is an updated version of the original 1968 incarnation of the same name , implemented to curtail federal wiretapping .
The 1986 EPCA expanded the original to include federal monitoring of personal email and digital messaging .
But then came the Patriot Act and various executive orders that more or less shredded our right to privacy on the phone or Internet .
In short , as the laws currently stand , so long as the profiles were public and not set to “ private ” or “ restricted access , ” Jonathan was free to make use of — and do what he pleased with — whatever information about other people he might have at his disposal via dating websites .
In some ways , he was not doing anything that the websites themselves were not already doing , but with one key difference : he was taking those profiles , created for a specific purpose and with specific expectations in mind , to a museum exhibition wall and placing them beside a zoo - like museum blurb .
He was exposing these people in ways that they could not have imagined , much less intended .
You would think that people would have learned by now to exercise caution when putting themselves online , but every week , it seems , there is a new controversy concerning the Internet , privacy , and who can reveal what when about whom and in what context .
There is the case of Jason Fortuny , a Seattle computer nerd , and the hoax he perpetrated on the local Craigslist personals when he posed as a woman looking for a dominant male sex partner , and then proceeded to post online the nearly 200 responses he received , complete with personal photographs and contact information .
In the fallout from the so - called “ Craigslist Experiment , ” two of the men who responded lost their jobs , and a third filed an invasion - of - privacy lawsuit which is still pending .
There ’s the Vermont divorce case in which the husband began a “ fictional ” blog about his wife that revealed deeply personal and negative things about her .
He plead the First Amendment when she took him to court ; the court ruled in her favor , he fled to Florida , and the law has yet to pursue him .
There ’s the instance of teenagers at the tony New York prep school , Horace Mann , starting Facebook pages that mocked and belittled their teachers ; in the end , the consensus was that the students , in their free time , are allowed to say whatever they want on Facebook .
I , too , had had my own brush with the messy intersection of the Internet and privacy rights a few months earlier after discovering that an ex-boyfriend had been writing a blog entitled “ Nell ’s Gone . ”
He posted photographs of me , discussed things I had done in private , and things I had said to him in confidence .
He recounted times I had spoken unkindly about people I love .
He wanted , he said , to “ show the world who she really is . ”
He wrote that I did n’t deserve to find happiness , and he swore he was going to destroy me by verbally accosting my family and friends with unflattering things I had said about them .
People read the blog , and some of them , including me , were hurt .
I had numerous conversations with the police trying to find a law somewhere that could protect me from this abuse , but there was nothing I could do .
The First Amendment protected him .
I understood why the law could not help me in this situation , and yet , it still seemed to be somehow falling short .
When I could n’t take it anymore , I contacted his parents and told them their son was sick and that he was undermining my sanity and sense of safety .
The blog came down within days .
That was about four months before my afternoon at the MoMA .
So , when I came across Jonathan ’s piece , those feelings of being watched and expropriated came rushing back .
In short , “ I Want You To Want Me , ” struck me in a tender , bruised spot .
Without a doubt , Jonathan ’s project falls on the harmless end of the scale on which issues of the Internet and privacy rest .
It ’s clear jobs are n’t on the line and that people ’s physical safety is ensured .
I am confident that Jonathan meant no harm , rather to simply examine the disconnect between the way we present ourselves online and the lives we actually live .
And yet , the question of whether these profiles are — not legally speaking , but morally — Jonathan ’s for the taking and for the profiting remains .
Maybe some people would be thrilled to see themselves hung up on a wall at MoMA , and maybe some people would n’t care one way or the other , but I cannot believe I am the only one who found “ I Want You To Want Me ” troubling .
People ’s individual ideas of themselves , fractured and packaged as they may be , are not conventional materials for artistic manipulation like clay or paint or film or Photoshop , and if they are going to be used as such , the artist should secure the subject ’s consent .
Otherwise , the people on the wall are nothing more than monkeys in cages at a zoo .
When I returned to my apartment from my MoMA excursion , I signed onto the dating website for the first time in days and there was a message from Jonathan :
ah , i’ve been found out !
thanks for the nice note .
Jonathan
The email puzzled me .
He seemed aware of his deception , yet not remorseful for it .
Had he assumed I already had seen the MoMA piece when I emailed him , and that I was trying to subtly chastise him ?
I wondered whether Nomadagascar was solely an artistic endeavor ; perhaps Jonathan - the - Man was already happily in love .
I wondered whether he was just not that into my profile .
I wondered whether he had gotten other emails like mine , and his was a canned response .
I wondered whether Jonathan could both earnestly date online and also do research for his work .
I no longer wanted to not talk to Jonathan so much as interview him .
But maybe it did n’t matter .
The piece was done .
It had been featured in The New York Times and Business Week .
Thousands of MoMA visitors had shuffled past it without complaining .
I did n’t write back , and shortly thereafter I removed my online dating profile .
With no access to Jonathan , I decided to explore the questions I had about “ I Want You to Want Me , ” online dating , privacy , and the Internet by writing an essay .
In the course of my research I watched an old online news story Jonathan had done with Reuters about the “ We Feel Fine ” project .
The woman reporter introduces the basic premise of the project , then continues , “ Harris contends that [ the site ] allows viewers to play armchair anthropologist , studying patterns of human behavior without the subjects being aware that they are being watched . ”
The screen then cuts to a shot of Jonathan as he says , “ You can go on there and you can say , ‘ Show me feelings from women in their twenties in London when it ’s raining . ’”
The camera cuts to a close - up shot of “ We Feel Fine . ”
The black background of the computer screen is covered with colored dots and , as a cursor in the shape of a rudimentary human hand passes over each dot , a different emotion — presumably belonging to a twenty - something female on a rainy London day — is revealed .
Jonathan continues , “ Using queries like this , you can start to ask yourself questions about the world like , um , do men or women feel sad more often , or does rainy weather affect how I feel ? ”
The reporter then concludes the story , saying , “ Since the site went up more than a year ago it has gathered data on more than eight million feelings and its database is growing by about 20,000 feelings a day .
While it may not replace old - fashioned scientific surveys , it certainly is a mesmerizing scientific experiment that can capture the imagination . ”
I half - smiled to myself at the term “ armchair anthropologist , ” and shook my head at my own naïveté .
I had been missing Jonathan ’s point : he did n’t care about the 57 - year - old man feeling anxious in Bucharest per se , nor the 28 - year - old woman feeling similarly in Brooklyn .
The people his spotlight landed on were incidental ; what he cared about was the data he could collect with the benefit of well - lit subjects .
Jonathan ’s sympathy for people and their stories , big and small , is sympathy intellectualized .
I then looked up the “ I Want You To Want Me ” project online at www.iwantyoutowantme.org.
Against the black background of the homepage is a photograph depicting the dark silhouette of a person framed against the blue computer screen of the piece as it had been hung in the museum .
The shadow is reaching up , fingers tense and ready to pop a balloon that will then tell the shadow reaching for it something about a stranger that that stranger thinks will turn him or her from a stranger into a real person .
The balloons are swimming across the screen and beneath the fingers of the shadow like amoeba in a laboratory subjected to the gaze of scientist .
Gone was the mental image of a kind face with a half - smile and angelic curls and a forest of evergreens .
What I now saw when I pictured Jonathan Harris was a faceless man playing amateur scientist , taking Petri dishes full of miniscule human beings and systematically putting them under a microscope in his kitchen .
The tiny , helpless people were waving frantically , trying to distinguish themselves , each one was saying something , each one was trying to make himself or herself heard or seen or felt , as Jonathan peered — lips pursed in concentration — through the lens of technology and recorded meticulous notes for some unknown end .
A couple months later I was sitting in my favorite coffee shop on a Friday evening , head bowed to my computer .
The coffee shop is on a quiet street in a quiet neighborhood , and is no bigger than the size of two horse stalls put together .
Its customers are neighborhood people .
It was late October and the leaves were changing and for the first time that fall the weather had that autumn briskness in the air .
I had been working all afternoon on the essay about Jonathan , trying to figure out what , exactly , I thought about the relationship between the real world and the virtual one , what happens when they collide , whether they should collide .
For hours I struggled with the ending .
I was trying to be fair to both him and to myself , and having difficulty finding a balance that worked .
Piled on the table by my computer were earlier drafts .
It was about 6:45 ; the place closes at 7 .
Aside from the barista and me , there was only one other person in the room , also working silently away at his computer .
Fela Kuti played on the radio .
The door to the coffee shop opened , and there , framed by the darkness outside the door , was Jonathan , like a shadow come to life .
He looked exactly as he did in pictures : squinty eyes , jeans and a fleece , blond curls , and his cheeks , a little pink from the cold .
He was taller than I thought he would be , taller than I thought 5 ’ 10 ” could be .
He ordered a latte , then picked up a section of The New York Times to read while he waited .
I could have reached out and touched him .
I could have said his name .
Instead , I stared at my computer screen .
I hastily turned over my papers so he would n’t catch sight of his name or the words “ I want you to want me . ”
I pulled up my email and began madly emailing friends , trying to see if there was anyone out there who could help me figure out what to do in this bizarrely uncomfortable moment .
Here was the very intersection of the real and the virtual I had been struggling with on paper , and I knew nothing about it except for the fact that it left me shaking and bewildered .
In the very moment I could have lived in the real world , I retreated further into the safety of the virtual one .
“ Oh my fucking god , ” I typed , “ Jonathan Harris just walked into the fucking coffee shop as I was writing a fucking essay about his work ! ”
“ Should I say , ‘ Hi ’ ? ” “ Should I tell him I ’m the girl who wrote to him on Nerve ? ” “ Should I give him a copy of this thing ? ” “ What would be weird ? ” “ What would be crazy ? ” “ What would be normal ? ”
No one out there that I was reaching for seemed to know the answers to my questions .
“ Weird . ” “ Does he have on that shell necklace ? ” “ You are insane . ” “ Maybe just say something .
What have you got to lose ? ”
“ You are so funny . ” “ Are you sure it ’s him ? ” were the responses I got .
I wanted to tell him I recognized him from “ The Whale Hunt . ” I wanted to ask him what he was working on .
I wanted to tell him I had written about him .
I wanted to tell him I was writing about him .
I wanted to tell him that I love silence and big spaces and the smell of skunk .
I wanted to ask him what it was about The Lives of Others that so moved him , if it really had moved him .
I wanted to tell him that none of this had anything to do with him at all .
The barista handed him his latte .
“ Thanks , ” he said , folding the paper , reaching for the drink , and dropping a few coins into the tip jar .
In another moment he was at the door again , his back framed against the darkness .
I felt the cold air on my face .
He pulled the door closed behind him , the bells jangled .
From my side of the window , I watched him turn right and disappear .
With the strange gift of the evening ’s non-encounter , I thought I had finally stumbled across the ending to this essay , or rather , that it had stumbled across me .
I was fine with the fact that I had n’t spoken to Jonathan when the opportunity presented itself , and believed it was a good thing not to have broken the barrier that existed between us , the barrier that he was n’t even aware of .
What had n’t seemed creepy to me before — the fact that I had spent so much time watching Jonathan online — became creepy to me when faced with the actual human being .
He was no longer an idea out in cyberspace that I was trying to understand , but a person beside me , living and breathing and potentially vulnerable to the arsenal of information about him with which I could have accosted him , with which I was accosting him on paper .
I began to question why I was writing about him if , in writing about him , I was doing the same thing to him that he had done to me and others with “ I Want You To Want Me ” : spying , exposing , examining fragments of a subject without considering the whole to which it belongs .
I rationalized my writing by telling myself that , as an artist with a piece of art on prominent display , Jonathan opened himself up to such criticisms and examinations .
On a basic level , the impulse to watch each other is not creepy .
Sometimes we watch each other voyeuristically , sometimes we watch over each other protectively , sometimes those lines are blurred .
When it comes right down to it , we are all armchair anthropologists , watching each other and hoping to learn something in the process .
The Internet simply facilitates the impulse .
The range of things you can learn about a person on the Internet are so different from the range of things you can learn about someone by watching them eat lunch at the table next to you for an hour .
One way is a socially acceptable way of watching someone , the other is not .
Both reveal intimate and not - so - intimate things about the person being watched .
Having now had both real and virtual experiences with Jonathan , however , made me feel as though no matter how I responded to the situation , it would be the wrong response .
Without fair warning , Jonathan - the - Real - Person was not supposed to interfere with all the thoughts I had spent so much time thinking about Jonathan - the - Cyber - Idea .
The following afternoon I was seated in the same spot I had been seated at the night before .
As I continued trying to further parse where exactly I thought Jonathan ’s work was brilliant and kind and empathetic , and where I thought he overstepped his boundaries , I had been watching a YouTube video of Jonathan ’s presentation at the TED conference .
The video had barely ended and Jonathan ’s voice was still in my head when the door to the coffee shop opened and there he was again .
He ordered his latte and took a seat on the couch at the back of the room .
With this second chance to face reality , I knew I had to stand up and make my way to the couch where he was seated .
“ Hi . ”
“ Hi . ”
“ Are you Jonathan Harris ? ”
“ Yes . ”
“ I thought so .
You see , you ’re going to think I ’m a total crazy person , but really , just five minutes before you walked through that door I was watching a YouTube video of the presentation you did at the TED Conference . ”
“ Really ? ”
“ Yes , really .
I know that sounds nuts . ”
“ What ’s your name ? ”
“ Nell . ”
“ Nail ? Like N - a - i-l ? ”
“ No , Nell . N - e - l-l . ”
“ Well , it ’s nice to meet you , Nell . ”
“ It ’s nice to meet you , too .
I think your work is really … interesting . ”
“ Thank you . ”
I nodded .
“ Well … good luck , ” he said .
“ Yes , good luck to you , too . ”
I stood up and we smiled at each other for a moment .
I think we both meant it .
When I got back to my table I stared at the essay in front of me in which I spent thousands of words nailing Jonathan Harris to some cross of moral judgment I had erected in my mind .
I knew that by writing this essay I belonged on such a cross as well and that , having been brought face - to - face with Jonathan Harris and not letting on to the deception I was playing on him , that I should take a second look at myself and what I was doing .
I did .
But I did n’t feel bad enough to stop nailing him , to go back and tell him the truth .
I did n’t feel bad enough to come clean .
Postscript :
When I learned this essay was going to be published , I decided to email it to Jonathan so that he would n’t be unpleasantly surprised .
That same day , he replied with a kind email that made clear both how strange it had been for him to read the essay and his hesitancy over what to make of it .
He concluded by wishing me good luck , understandably retracing the lines of his personal space with a polite finality .
I , too , wish him good luck , and this time I am sure that we both truly mean it .
It 's getting to be a usual poll result , this time from the respected Pew poll , MoE approx .
+/- 3 :
There is no evidence that increased perceptions of a politically divided country have affected President Obama ’s standing with the public .
His overall job approval rating of 61 % is largely unchanged from March ( 59 % ) , and the early reviews for his first major overseas trip as president are positive .
In the survey , conducted before Obama ’s surprise visit to Iraq , 63 % say Obama did either an excellent ( 28 % ) or good job ( 35 % ) in representing America ’s interests on the trip ; just 28 % say he did only a fair ( 19 % ) or poor job ( 9 % ) in representing the nation ’s interests .
In other words , partisanship is another way of saying Republican opinion is different than everyone else's .
And here 's an interesting table : every year , people seem to say " this year " is worse than others when it comes to partisanship .
Polling around inauguration time this year was the exception and not the rule :
As the always insightful EJ Dionne points out , with House Republicans being more Southern conservative than in the past , it 's tough not to be .
" If you can't find common ground , that does n't mean you 're partisan , " [ Nancy Pelosi ] said .
" It just means you believe two different things . "
But guess who people do n't have confidence in when it comes to the economy ?
The answer , of course , is Republican leaders .
Moreover , Obama garners considerably more confidence on the economy than either Democratic or Republican leaders in Congress .
Fully 70 % say they have a great deal or a fair amount of confidence in Barack Obama to do the right thing when it comes to fixing the economy .
A majority ( 55 % ) also say they have at least a fair amount of confidence in congressional Democratic leaders .
By comparison , just 38 % voice the same degree of confidence in Republicans leaders in Congress .
Let 's look at partisan breakdown and , as always , look at the indies :
If there 's an argument between Congressional Dems and Obama , the people have more confidence in Obama .
And in every way , Republicans lose , including 30 % of their own party ( which , to remind people , is only 24 % of the public according to Pew in March 2009 . )
That 's called " political capital " and it needs to be spent while Obama still has it .
Next ,
Pew looks at issues .
Guess what ?
Just like the CBS / NY Times poll , Pew finds :
In terms of budget tradeoffs , most Americans ( 59 % ) say they would place a higher priority on spending more money to make health care more accessible and affordable than on reducing the budget deficit .
A nearly identical majority ( 58 % ) believes that spending more to improve education ranks as a higher priority than reducing the deficit .
However , opinion is more evenly divided over whether increasing funding to develop new energy technology should trump deficit reduction : about half ( 49 % ) say that spending on new energy technology is the higher priority while nearly as many say reducing the budget deficit ( 45 % ) is the higher priority .
Here 's the deal on the issue people are most unhappy about :
Here 's the Big Kahuna Obama chart , showing who approves and who does n't in many of the interesting demographic categories .
White evangelicals do n't approve ( 37 % ) , and neither do Republicans .
However , apparently everyone else does , suggesting that Republicans are isolated and out of touch ( or , more charitably , representing a Southern conservative viewpoint the rest of the country does n't share . )
But that , we knew .
This is a Pew poll , and that means a wealth of data .
There 's little in the poll that is good for Republicans ( even though by tradition polling is always good for John McCain ) , though energy does worst in terms of clear priorities .
However , for those who claim that Obama wins on popularity and not the issues , the CBS / NY Times poll and this poll put that to rest .
People approve of Obama 's agendas and that 's a strong message for Congress to heed , especially the Democrats .
SAN FRANCISCO , California ( CNN ) -- California 's highest court upheld a voter - approved ban on same - sex marriages Tuesday but allowed about 18,000 unions performed before the ban to remain valid .
Protesters gather outside the California Supreme Court in San Francisco on Tuesday .
Supporters of November ballot initiative Proposition 8 hailed the ruling , but about 1,000 advocates of same - sex marriages who gathered outside the court building in San Francisco met the 6 - 1 decision with chants of " Shame on you . "
Following the ruling , supporters of same - sex marriage took to the streets to protest .
CNN affiliate KGO reported that after the opinion was made public lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender officers were brought in specifically to help manage the crowd .
During those protests 159 adults and three juveniles were arrested and cited for jaywalking , San Francisco Police Department Sgt. Lyn Tomioka told CNN .
Similar rallies were held Tuesday evening in Los Angeles , where 3,500 to 5,000 protesters took part , according to police estimates .
There were no arrests , said Julianne Sohn of the Los Angeles Police Department .
There were also reports of demonstrations in San Diego and some other California cities , as well as in major cities nationwide .
iReport.com : Rally in San Diego
Lisa Angelot and Karen Brandenberger were married when it was legal , but they said their own marriage is not enough , and told KGO they were prepared to be arrested to make the point .
" It will be my first time to be arrested , " Angelot told KGO .
Many supporters said it was most upsetting to have the right to marry yanked away from them after last year 's court ruling .
" It is impossible to square the elation that we felt just a year ago with the grief that we feel today , " said Kate Kendell , head of the National Center for Lesbian Rights .
" And it is impossible to reconcile the court 's ruling from a year ago with its upholding of Proposition 8 today . "
The same court , dominated by Republican appointees , ruled in May 2008 that the state constitution guaranteed gay and lesbian couples the " basic civil right " to marry .
Voters responded in November by approving the marriage ban by a margin of 52 to 48 percent .
iReport.com : React to court decision and share photos , video
Opponents of the ban argued that it improperly altered California 's constitution to restrict a fundamental right guaranteed in the state charter .
Its supporters argued that Californians long have had the right to change their state constitution through ballot initiatives .
Tuesday 's ruling found that the proposition restricted the designation of marriage " while not otherwise affecting the fundamental constitutional rights of same - sex couples , " as Chief Justice Ronald George wrote .
In a dissenting opinion , Justice Carlos Moreno -- the court 's only Democratic appointee -- wrote that the decision " is not just a defeat for same - sex couples , but for any minority group that seeks the protection of the equal protection clause of the California Constitution . "
Watch what was at stake »
The decision sparked protests in San Francisco , Los Angeles and San Diego .
" It 's nice that my marriage is still intact , but that 's not the point , " said Kathleen White , who was among those awaiting the ruling in San Francisco .
" The point is that everybody should have the same civil rights across the board . "
But Miles McPherson , pastor of the Rock Church in San Diego , said the court " did the right thing . "
Voters in 28 other states have approved constitutional bans on same - sex marriages , and none has been rejected , he said .
" God did n't create the family that way , " McPherson said .
" You can't have a family with a mother and a mother , because [ children ] need a mother and a father to nurture their personality and their character . "
Tony Perkins , president of the conservative Family Research Council , said the ruling " should encourage pro-family activists not only in California but across the country . "
But he said that by preserving marriages performed before the ban , the justices could have opened a door to a possible appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court .
It was unclear whether advocates had an avenue to appeal Tuesday 's ruling , however .
And Dennis Herrera , San Francisco 's city attorney , said the fight for same - sex marriage rights would most likely go on " in the electoral arena . "
" Today we 're faced with a disappointing decision , " Herrera said .
" But I think we also know it could have been worse . "
View reactions to the ruling »
A new effort , dubbed Yes on Equality , has begun working to place an initiative on the 2010 ballot that would repeal Proposition 8 .
State justices left unaddressed whether same - sex marriages performed in other states before the ban was adopted would be recognized in California , and advocates would have to argue that the measure violated their rights under the U.S. Constitution for the U.S. Supreme Court to take up the case .
California took its first steps toward recognizing same - sex marriages in 2004 , when San Francisco began issuing marriage licenses to gay and lesbian couples .
iReport.com : React to court decision and share photos , video
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , who opposed the initiative , praised the court for leaving the previous marriages intact and urged opponents of the decision to respond " peacefully and lawfully . "
" While I believe that one day either the people or courts will recognize gay marriage , as governor of California , I will uphold the decision of the California Supreme Court , " Schwarzenegger said in a written statement .
Four states -- Connecticut , Maine , Massachusetts and Iowa -- currently allow same - sex marriages .
A Vermont law making such marriages legal will take effect in September .
And the District of Columbia voted May 5 to recognize same - sex marriages performed elsewhere , though it does not itself give marriage licenses to same - sex couples .
All About California • Same - Sex Marriage • Constitutional Law
Here 's Bill O'Reilly , correcting in - house libtard Alan Colmes ' ludicrous assertion that Richard Nixon shook hands with Mao Zedong , so it 's OK for Barack Obama to give Hugo Chavez a handjob .
Nixon never touched Mao .
" I do n't want to confuse you , " O'Reilly told Colmes , who was like , " OK . "
If you know anything about the O'Reilly Factor host , you can see where this is going : Nixon totally shook Mao's hand , on the same historic , initial trip where he similarly greeted Zhou Enlai .
Not only that , but Nixon quoted Mao in a toast to the Chinese tyrant , during an endless communist orgy :
As the People 's Liberation Army band played such American favorites as " America the Beautiful " and " Home on the Range , " course after course was followed by seemingly endless rounds of toasts .
" ‘ Seize the hour !
Seize the day ! ' "
Nixon quoted from Mao , raising his glass to his Chinese hosts .
The president was trying to visibly embrace Chinese leaders to atone for a previous snub against them by John Foster Dulles , who had refused Zhou 's hand in Geneva in 1954 .
O'Reilly is expected to explain away his petulant ignorance of history by making even more things up , hilariously , probably involving Gerald Ford punching Brezhnev in the face .
Archaeologists have used stone tools to answer many questions about human ancestors in both the distant and near past and now they are analyzing the origin of obsidian flakes to better understand how people settled and interacted in the inhospitable Kuril Islands .
Using X - ray fluorescence spectrometers , archaeologists from the University of Washington and the Smithsonian Institution have found the origin of 131 flakes of obsidian , a volcanic glass .
These small flakes were discarded after stone tools were made from obsidian and were found at 18 sites on eight islands in the Kurils .
The flakes were found with other artifacts that were dated over a time period spanning about 1,750 years , from 2500 to 750 years before the present .
The Kuril Archipelago stretches for nearly 800 miles between the northern - most Japanese island of Hokkaido and the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia .
Despite the islands ' volcanic origin , there are no known local sources of obsidian .
" A key quality of obsidian is you can create very sharp edge .
Obsidian flakes easily and fractures in a way that is predictable .
When it was available people have used it , " said Colby Phillips , lead author of the new study and an anthropology doctoral student at the University of Washington .
His co-author is Robert Speakman of the Smithsonian 's Museum Conservation Institute .
Obsidian is formed when magma is extruded from a volcano and can be geochemically identified Phillips said .
That 's because the obsidian from each volcano has a unique chemical signature based on the amount of elements such as rubidium , zirconium and strontium in the glass .
Archaeologists gather obsidian samples from volcanoes to create a data base of chemical signatures and compare archaeological samples collected in the field to the data base .
Phillips and Speakman pinpointed the Kuril flakes they analyzed to four locations on Hokkaido and five sources on Kamchatka .
The majority of the flakes , slightly more than 60 percent , originated in Kamchatka .
Human occupation of the Kurils began about 4,000 years ago at the southern end of the island chain near Hokkaido and gradually spread northward .
And where humans went they carried obsidian with them .
" Obsidian only makes up about 8 percent of the stone tools and the waste left from their manufacture , but it shows up at all sites and over all time periods , " said Phillips .
" Obsidian may have played a role in maintaining social and trade networks as people migrated across the Kurils .
Our work suggests social relationships can be important in local and regional areas .
Here we have people living in an isolated area that is covered by fog and clouds and subject to tsunamis , volcanic eruptions and earthquakes .
So it would be advantageous to have connections with other people .
The fact that we have a material such as obsidian throughout the islands shows people were proactive in maintaining ties in the prehistoric era . "
The researchers found a basic pattern of obsidian distribution in the islands .
Obsidian from Hokkaido was primarily found in the Southern Kurils with a few samples discovered in the Central Kurils .
Kamchatka obsidian was only found in the Central and Northern Kurils .
The Southern Kurils are separated from the other islands in the chain by the 70 - mile - wide Bussol Strait .
Phillips believes that at some time it became too costly to make the dangerous ocean crossing , and people in the central and northern islands began trading for Kamchatka obsidian .
Since the research was accepted for publication , Phillips and Speakman have analyzed the sources of an additional 700 obsidian flakes and their results mirror the newly published data .
###
The research was funded by the National Science Foundation and published on line in the Journal of Archaeological Science .
The obsidian flakes were collected during the International Kuril Island Project in 2000 , the Kuril Biocomplexity Project in 2006 and by a Russian archaeologist .
For more information , contact Phillips at 206-354-3846 or colbyp@u.washington.edu .
A copy of the image in this release is available by contacting joels@u.washington.edu .
You may not know it , but if you have a wireless router , a cordless phone , remote car - door opener , baby monitor or cellphone in your house , the FCC claims the right to enter your home without a warrant at any time of the day or night in order to inspect it .
That 's the upshot of the rules the agency has followed for years to monitor licensed television and radio stations , and to crack down on pirate radio broadcasters .
And the commission maintains the same policy applies to any licensed or unlicensed radio - frequency device .
" Anything using RF energy – we have the right to inspect it to make sure it is not causing interference , " says FCC spokesman David Fiske .
That includes devices like Wi-Fi routers that use unlicensed spectrum , Fiske says .
The FCC claims it derives its warrantless search power from the Communications
Act of 1934 , though the constitutionality of the claim has gone untested in the courts .
That 's largely because the FCC had little to do with average citizens for most of the last 75 years , when home transmitters were largely reserved to ham - radio operators and CB - radio aficionados .
But in 2009 , nearly every household in the United States has multiple devices that use radio waves and fall under the FCC 's purview , making the commission 's claimed authority ripe for a court challenge .
" It is a major stretch beyond case law to assert that authority with respect to a private home , which is at the heart of the Fourth Amendment 's protection against unreasonable search and seizure , " says Electronic Frontier Foundation lawyer Lee Tien .
" When it is a private home and when you are talking about an over - powered Wi -Fi antenna – the idea they could just go in is honestly quite bizarre . "
George Washington University professor Orin Kerr , a constitutional law expert , also questions the legalilty of the policy .
" The Supreme Court has said that the government can't make warrantless entries into homes for administrative inspections , " Kerr said via e-mail , refering to a 1967 Supreme Court ruling that housing inspectors needed warrants to force their way into private residences .
The FCC 's online FAQ does n't explain how the agency gets around that ruling , Kerr adds .
The rules came to attention this month when an FCC agent investigating a pirate radio station in Boulder , Colorado , left a copy of a 2005 FCC inspection policy on the door of a residence hosting the unlicensed 100 - watt transmitter .
" Whether you operate an amateur station or any other radio device , your authorization from the Commission comes with the obligation to allow inspection , " the statement says .
The notice spooked those running " Boulder Free Radio , " who thought it was just tough talk intended to scare them into shutting down , according to one of the station 's leaders , who spoke to Wired.com on condition of anonymity .
" This is an intimidation thing , " he said .
" Most people are n't that dedicated to the cause .
I ’m not going to let them into my house . "
But refusing the FCC admittance can carry a harsh financial penalty .
In a 2007 case , a Corpus Christi , Texas , man got a visit from the FCC 's direction - finders after rebroadcasting an AM radio station through a CB radio in his home .
An FCC agent tracked the signal to his house and asked to see the equipment ; Donald Winton refused to let him in , but did turn off the radio .
Winton was later fined $ 7,000 for refusing entry to the officer .
The fine was reduced to $ 225 after he proved he had little income .
Administrative search powers are not rare , at least as directed against businesses – fire - safety , food and workplace - safety regulators generally do n't need warrants to enter a business .
And despite the broad power , the FCC agents are n't cops , says Fiske .
" The only right they have is to inspect the equipment , " Fiske says .
" If they want to seize , they have to work with the U.S. Attorney 's office . "
But if inspectors should notice evidence of unrelated criminal behavior – say , a marijuana plant or stolen property – a Supreme Court decision suggests the search can be used against the resident .
In the 1987 case New York v. Burger , two police officers performed a warrantless , administrative search of one Joseph Burger 's automobile junkyard .
When he could n't produce the proper paperwork , the officers searched the grounds and found stolen vehicles , which they used to prosecute him .
The Supreme Court held the search to be legal .
In the meantime , pirate radio stations are adapting to the FCC 's warrantless search power by dividing up a station 's operations .
For instance , Boulder Free Radio consists of an online radio station operated by DJs from a remote studio .
Miles away , a small computer streams the online station and feeds it to the transmitter .
Once the FCC comes and leaves a notice on the door , the transmitter is moved to another location before the agent returns .
—
This post was updated Thursday morning to include comment from Professor Kerr , and to remove an inaccurate example of unrelated criminal behavior .
Doug Woodring , an entrepreneur and conservationist , shows rubbish on a beach on the south side of Hong Kong which has been left uncleaned .
The United Nations Environment Programme says around 13,000 pieces of plastic litter are found in every square kilometre of sea .
A group of conservationists and scientists is due to set sail for an obscure corner of the Pacific Ocean in the coming months to explore a vast swirl of waste known as the " Plastic Vortex . "
The giant gloop -- which some scientists estimate is twice the size of Texas -- has been gradually building over the last 60 years as Asia and the United States tossed their unwanted goods into the ocean .
Everything from flip - flops to plastic bags have been slowly broken down by the sun 's rays into small particles , and ocean tides have meant much of it has settled in a spiralling pattern just below the ocean surface between Hawaii and the mainland United States .
After only coming to scientific attention in recent years , little remains known about the vortex , also known as the " Eastern Garbage Patch , " so the expedition hopes to find out if the plastic can be fished out of the sea -- and what can be done with it .
Jim Dufour , a senior engineer at Scripps Institution of Oceanography in California , who is advising the trip , said establishing the extent of the problem was vital for the future health of the oceans .
" Importance is an understatement , it 's imperative .
It will take many years to understand and fix the problem , " he told AFP .
The United Nations Environment Programme says around 13,000 pieces of plastic litter are found in every square kilometre of sea , but the problem is worst in five ocean gyres , or spiralling ocean currents , the worst of which is in the North Pacific .
The plastic has become so small most of it cannot be seen by satellite pictures , but the volume means the poisonous soup is being unknowingly vacuumed up by marine life and birds , and much of it is heavy with toxic chemicals , organisers of the trip say .
" That means the little piece of plastic the fish eats is actually a little toxic bomb , " said Doug Woodring , an entrepreneur and conservationist who lives in Hong Kong and will lead the expedition .
As a result , a lot of the toxins could be getting into the human food chain .
Woodring said the location of the swirl -- more than 500 nautical miles from the west coast of the United States -- meant it remains a mystery for scientists .
" It is like going to outer space , " he told AFP .
The 50 - day voyage will head from San Francisco to Hawaii and back , passing through the vortex twice .
It will be led by a 150 - foot - tall ( 45 - metre - tall ) ship , the " Kaisei " -- which means Ocean Planet in Japanese .
Accompanying will be a fishing trawler , which will be trying out techniques to catch the waste without destroying too much marine life .
" You have to have netting that is small enough to catch a lot but big enough to let plankton go through it , " said Woodring .
Ocean scientists and a documentary crew will be on the trip , which also hopes to examine whether the waste can be recycled or even used to create fuel .
The mission -- which is still looking for funding to meet its two million US dollar budget -- has received the backing of the United Nations Environment Programme and sponsorship from water company Brita .
But the swirl 's location in international waters meant it was difficult to get any government support to clean it up .
" There is no jurisdiction , no government who is entirely responsible , so there has been no push to clean it up .
The world does n't know it is out there , " said Woodring .
Several other trips have either made or planned journeys to the vortex , but Dufour says this will be the most scientific - focused venture .
" It will be the first scientific endeavour studying sea surface pollutants , impact to organisms at intermediate depths , bottom sediments , and the impacts to organisms caused by the leaching of chemical constituents in discarded plastic , " he said .
But for everyone involved in the project , the phenomenon only highlights the wider issue of reducing waste .
" The real fix is back on land .
We need to provide the means , globally , to care for our disposable waste , " said Dufour .
( c ) 2009 AFP
Explore further Giant garbage patch floating in Pacific
Web hosting services in China are allowing anyone to pay about $ 700 to send out an unlimited amount of spam worldwide .
The service , also called " bulletproof hosting , " is nothing new in the tech world .
The actual intent of bulletproof hosting is to allow leniency in the kinds of material that users may upload .
Unfortunately , spammers , gambling websites and porn pushers have constantly abused this system to the point where deviant behavior is almost expected .
The Ministry of Public Security in China has been cracking down on online gambling sites and Internet pornographers for some time now , which is why server hosting services are now trying to attract the attention of international spammers .
Protected and Undetected Spamming
If that is n't bad enough , the hosting companies are even flaunting their intentions all across the Internet .
As Tecom reasoned on their open website : " Your web hosting provider will shut down your web site within days or even sooner , if they find out you are sending bulk emails and directing people to your site on their server .
Bullet - Proof Web Hosting helps you to direct customers to your web site , and you wo n't have to worry about being shut down because of spam complaints . "
( Source : yahoo.com )
Spammers are even manipulating bulletproof services to host Internet domain names .
In a three - month period , more than 22,300 domains , all sending out pharmaceutical spam , were linked back to just six bulletproof computers in China .
It is estimated that an online spammer can register an anonymous bulletproof domain for about $ 100 .
International Security Problems
Bulletproof hosting poses an even bigger problem than a high volume of unwanted spam .
In the past , when a domain was used for sending out bulk emails , security officials would use an established protocol to report the domain to its registrar and eliminate it altogether from the Internet .
Now , since the domain names cannot be shut down , the spread of spam continues .
( Source : computerworld.com )
The short - term hope for security officials is that the Chinese government will continue to toughen its stance against online deviants .
Analysts are certain that once the government understands the new trend in bulletproof hosting , it will crack down on spammers in a manner reflective of the already established penalties for online gambling hosts and Internet pornographers .
MEDIA frenzy over the launch of Amazon ’s magazine - sized Kindle e-book reader last week overlooked the fact that , like its predecessors and competitors , it remains resolutely monochrome .
Not for long , though .
A full - colour version of electronic paper , which forms the display of these devices , is to be demonstrated later this month .
E Ink Corporation of Cambridge , Massachusetts , says it will be demonstrating a colour version of its e-paper at the Society for Information Display conference in San Antonio , Texas , on 31 May , and that products based on its colour e-paper will be on the market by the end of 2010 .
The …
High Interest Savings Account
Give your savings a boost with our award winning High Interest Savings Account which offers flexibility and easy access to your money .
Feel good knowing your savings help support our local farmers to grow the food we enjoy every day .
-- Paul Taylor is a Reuters columnist .
The opinions expressed are his own --
PARIS ( Reuters ) -
They ’re at it again .
No sooner has the financial system begun to stabilize than Big Finance is reverting to its old ways -- aggressive hiring , remuneration on steroids , wriggling out of regulation or threatening to decamp to evade tougher supervision .
These are is not the rantings of some crypto-Marxist City - basher , but the considered view of one of Europe ’s most thoughtful financial regulators .
In testimony to the House of Commons on Tuesday , FSA chief Lord Adair Turner voiced concern that the industry was failing to learn the lessons from the “ biggest financial crisis in the history of market capitalism . ”
Regulatory exhaustion and the first green shoots of recovery could prompt “ some drawing back from the degree of radicalism that we require , ” he said , raising the prospect of another such crisis in 10 or 15 years ’ time .
Turner cited investment banks ’ aggressive hiring of traders among his concerns .
Others would add the return of bumper bonuses , the casting off of restraints on top executives ’ pay , and threats by banks and hedge funds to desert the City if the EU or the UK enact onerous new rules .
There are plenty of examples .
Last week , 10 of the biggest U.S. banks repaid $ 68 billion in U.S. taxpayers ’ bailout funds in a race to extract themselves from government restrictions on pay for senior executives .
Citi C.N , prevented from repaying its $ 25 billion in TARP funds , is reported to be planning to raise employees ' base salaries by as much as 50 percent this year to offset smaller bonuses .
In Brussels , there is talk that Internal Market Commissioner Charlie McCreevy , the pope of “ light touch regulation , ” is busy watering down his officials ’ proposals to regulate the vast and opaque trade in over - the - counter derivatives .
Where banks and financial market players feel they are not getting their way , some are threatening to vote with their feet .
Hedge fund managers warned the UK Treasury at a recent meeting that some funds could desert London for Switzerland to avoid EU regulation .
And even the big banks are dropping veiled hints that they could move elsewhere .
A senior continental European regulator says he sees growing signs that the financial services industry is playing for time in the belief that it will be back to “ business as usual ” soon provided it can see off the drive for rapid and sweeping regulation .
Regulators are not necessarily helping themselves .
Debates over the degree of future intervention , and turf battles between different regulatory bodies , are sapping momentum in the United States , Britain and the EU .
There is legitimate concern that hasty , ill - drafted reforms will merely create a new set of problems in the future .
But regulators have a limited opportunity to impose meaningful changes .
They must not allow themselves to be blown off course .
BANKERS , frauds , predatory insurers : there has been a stampede to punish the villains of the global meltdown .
Yet one culprit is not only rarely seen as an offender , but is also being cosseted and protected .
Governments ' obsession about home ownership has contributed as much to the meltdown as any moustache - twirling financier .
The bust began in America 's housing market and soon spread to government - sponsored institutions created to increase home ownership , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
Part of the problem came about because of policy .
In most rich countries the state subsidises private housing .
Some places ( America , Ireland and Spain ) give tax relief on mortgage - interest payments .
Others , such as Britain , eliminate or lower the tax on capital gains from sales of someone 's main house .
Still others use state - backed outfits to direct credit to housing or to make it easier for first - time buyers or the poor to buy their own homes .
Subsidies are not to blame for everything — the housing bubble affected a range of markets regardless of how much they were subsidised — but the distortions aggravated the boom and bust by making housing artificially attractive .
Governments subsidise home ownership because they think it encourages stable , more law - abiding neighbourhoods .
The children of homeowners do better at school than the children of renters do .
Homeowners are more engaged in local democracy .
And , because homeowners must pay off their mortgages , housing supposedly encourages people to save more than they otherwise would .
Yet as our article argues , the benefits of subsidies have proved smaller than expected and the costs much greater .
Home ownership may indeed instil neighbourly stability ( though Germany with its high levels of stability and renting suggests the two need not go together ) .
But who said local stability was so desirable ?
A stable neighbourhood may be one in which people refuse to move in search of jobs .
Government backing sucked money into housing , boosting prices .
Since millions use their homes as collateral for general loans , the house - price boom also exaggerated the consumer boom while it lasted , and amplified the bust when that came .
Perversely , public policy even undermined the very things governments were trying to encourage .
Housing policy aims at boosting savings .
Yet home - equity loans and “ negative amortisation ” mortgages boosted spending .
Battering - ram required
In their efforts to stem the financial crisis , governments have thrown money at everything , including housing .
Some of this is justified , but they are making their ultimate task harder .
The state should in the medium term be aiming to slash subsidies for housing .
That means , in America , cutting the size of the loan on which people can deduct mortgage interest from $ 1 m now to , say , $ 300,000 and ideally to zero .
There is no argument for a tax break worth , in practice , ten times as much to the rich as to the poor .
Countries should start phasing out the unlimited capital - gains tax advantages given to houses — which people treat partly as an investment .
And any government weighing whether to create institutions to boost home - ownership should take note of the disasters elsewhere .
A homeowning democracy is a bulwark against an overmighty state .
Yet all those subsidies produce not just bloated home ownership , but dependence on public handouts .
Students for Genital Integrity believes personal security is an inalienable human right and that every individual has the right to be free from unwanted genital surgeries .
Therefore , " genital integrity " intends to protect a human 's right to their body and in doing so calls for the abolishment of all types of forced genital cutting .
In nearly every case of forced genital cutting - male , female , and intersex - a child or adolescent is forced by an adult to endure an alteration of their body .
In each case , there are no medical justifications for the permanent alteration of a child 's healthy genitals .
Furthermore , intersex births with " ambiguous genitaila " are not " unhealthy , " they merely do not conform to cultural definitions of male or female genital stereotypes .
What is most important to understand about genital integrity is that all forms of forced genital cutting are variations of abuse based on gender not genitals .
Whether it is a female " circumcised to be fit to marry , " a male " circumcised to look like his father , " or an intersex child cosmetically " fixed " to meet the expectations of what is " male " or " female , " forced genital cutting aims to make nature , and in particular children , fit into a gendered paradigm .
Forced genital cutting marks children , and the adults they become , with shame and indignity because they are made to feel bad about their natural body .
Forced genital cutting disenfranchises an individuals right to choose what is best for their body , and does so on the very private parts we hold dear .
Furthermore , routine procedures such as circumcision and episiotomy cause injury and unnecessary medical expenses that only furthers the income of corporte medicine , not the wellbeing of the patient .
The goal of advocating genital integrity is to protect our human rights as well as advocate for those who feel they have been violated .
The genital integrity movement may someday enable us to see ourselves better ; to see how certain perceptions of " male " and " female " can lead to forced genital cutting and its perpetuation .
To learn more about forced genital cutting and genital integrity , please select a link from the navigation , above .
By Neil Peterson , June 2004
Did you know ?
Worldwide , over 6,000 females are at risk from female genital mutilation everyday .
Many will be infected with HIV because of FGM , many will die , and none will enjoy natural sexual function .
1 in 2,000 births are considered intersex births .
Many of these children , if not most , will undergo some sort of forced genital cutting .
Over 5 per day in North America alone .
http://www.isna.org/.
Many will be cosmetically altered to " appear " more male or female and will likely suffer sexual dysfunction because of the surgery .
Everyday in America 3,300 boys , 60 % of newborn males , will be forcibly " circumcised . "
Many boys will suffer from shock , blood loss , or infection .
Some may die .
None will enjoy natural sexual function .
SGI email list subscription Powered by groups.yahoo.com
Apple 's two largest New York City retail stores are now known to be some of the town 's largest retail cash cows , with the 5th Avenue flagship alone having drawn in $ 440 million in one year .
Upon looking at prospectuses showing the value of various properties in New York City 's most important shopping district , the New York Post discovered the iconic store 's extremely high yearly revenue and noted that it was much higher than some other stores along 5th Avenue .
Clothing boutique chain Zara 's store just a few blocks south , for example , is believed to take in ' just ' $ 25 million per year .
Location is said to play a significant part for the store , which is located directly at the corner of Central Park , but is n't regarded as the only factor .
Apple 's SoHo store is located much further south in Manhattan but still collected $ 100 million in annual revenue , or four times the clothier 's performance .
Tourism is thought to contribute to the large the difference between the two Apple locations .
Details are unavailable for the West 14th Street store .
The figures were collected last year but hint that the Mac maker 's largest stores provide a disproportionately large amount of its retail income , a ratio supported by a CNET investigation of recently opened stores elsewhere .
Santa Barbara , California 's just - opened State Street store is predicted to net $ 20 million in revenue per year as a single - floor shop in a less prominent city .
Other predictions or past results are more difficult to obtain as Apple is known to fiercely guard any retail data that would let outsiders break down its sales at a per-store level .
Combined with the continuing increases in foot traffic from year - to - year at Apple 's stores , word of such massive amounts of revenue leaves little surprise as to why the company is vowing large - scale makeovers of its existing stores and still plans to add 25 stores in fiscal 2009 at a time when established electronics chains have folded or put a freeze on expansion .
Additional , optimized retail space has to date quickly translated into more customers , particularly in those areas where no official stores had existed before .
BEIJING -- China 's foreign - exchange regulator said Tuesday it will widen the range of companies allowed to offer financing to their affiliates or units abroad , to help Chinese companies expand overseas amid the financing crunch in international markets .
The move signals Beijing 's resolve to promote outward investments , despite a hiccup in China 's overseas expansion as Anglo - Australian miner Rio Tinto Ltd.
Friday ended its planned $ 19.5 billion alliance with Aluminum Corp. of China .
In ...
Israel recently celebrated 61 years of existence .
On any historical scale , 61 years are not much .
A little pixel in the timeline of modern history .
And , indeed , most Israelis have their doubts about whether Israel can survive another 61 years .
However , these Israelis do not offer a path that Israel can take to avoid this grim perspective .
The last generation of Israelis has seen little change in the makeup of parliament , government and the supreme court .
The routine of talking peace in Washington , while expanding settlements in the West Bank has become our way of life over the past 20 years .
If at all , the situation has become worse with the rush of globalism and modernism into daily Israeli life .
Young Israelis , tired of thinking of their future , find their peace of mind in long trips to East Asia and South America , and then , upon returning to Israel , they sink into their HDTVs during the day , and nightclubs at night .
Anything to avoid reality .
And reality is close : for most of us Israelis it is no more than a 20 - minute drive to the closest checkpoint separating Israel - proper from occupied territories and , beyond this checkpoint , one finds people , Palestinians , living in big open - air prisons , shadows of what used to be bustling cities .
We maintain these city - prisons : we built the wall that surrounds them , we send the troops that enforce curfews and we launch the artillery shells that strike their dense neighborhoods .
And we will eventually pay the price .
No matter how much grief and destruction we wreak upon the Palestinians , one thing is clear – they are still there .
Today , in the area between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean Sea , the numbers of Jews and non-Jews are roughly the same .
As Jewish settlement construction in the West Bank deepens , the so - called " two state solution " is being rendered virtually impossible .
With no " two state solution " , the world will have to deal with a Jewish minority ruling over a Palestinian majority .
Such a situation will not persist , and , one way or the other , Israel will cease to exist as we know it .
All peace deals signed over the last 20 years attempted to create peace " from the bottom up " – you start with small confidence - building measures , and slowly make your way towards the big issues .
They have all failed .
There is a clear reason why these attempts have not succeeded : the Palestinians were always perceived as the inferior side , and any agreement reached with them was presented as an Israeli concession , rather than a Palestinian right .
As long as Israelis do not see Palestinians as human beings with equal rights , real peace cannot be achieved .
This is perhaps the biggest hurdle we need to overcome .
Unfortunately , this change in perception must come " from the top down " : our politicians must show us that they treat their Palestinian counterparts as equals .
They must show us that they respect the democratic choices of the Palestinians .
They must show us that they care about human rights , regardless of which humans are in consideration .
Moreover , our treatment of the Palestinians only fuels anger and frustration within their population .
In turn , these feelings fuel hate and motivation for revenge .
The US has been in a similar predicament in the last few years , with anger in the Arab world over American actions in the Middle East .
Americans managed to bring upon great change , by electing a president who does not promote fear , and seeks discussion rather than destruction .
The task is not complete , though .
Now is the time for the US to complete this endeavour , and sweep Israel and the entire Middle East along with it , into a new era of hope .
Treating the Palestinians as equals , talking about the " big issues " , and engaging all sides in these discussions are crucial steps towards a true and lasting peace .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Apple Inc said it had sold more than 1 million of its newest iPhone in the first three days of launch , beating analysts ’ expectations for the 3GS smartphone ’s debut .
A customer looks over the Apple iPhone 3GS at the company 's retail store in San Francisco , California June 19 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Robert Galbraith
The statement from Apple also included a quote from Chief Executive Steve Jobs , leading at least one analyst to speculate that this meant he was back from medical leave .
Jobs , a pancreatic cancer survivor , has been on leave since January for an undisclosed condition , although the company has said he remains deeply involved in decision - making .
The Wall Street Journal reported on Saturday that Jobs had a liver transplant two months ago , but he was expected to be back at work before the end of June .
“ This is the first time we ’ve heard from Steve Jobs since he reported he was taking medical leave , ” said Oppenheimer & Co analyst Yair Reiner .
“ It ’s a sign Apple has its CEO back . ”
Apple representatives were not immediately available for comment .
Shares of Apple rose as much as 1.5 percent in early trading before reversing course to trade down 1.1 percent at $ 137.96 .
Analysts said the iPhone sales figures would distract some investors from concerns about Jobs ’ health to a certain extent .
“ I think they ’ll focus on the 1 million number , ” said Susquehanna Financial Group analyst Jeffrey Fidacaro .
“ Investors will realize that Apple executed well on the launch in Jobs ’ absence . ”
The 3GS debut was only in eight countries , he said , compared with 21 in last year ’s 3G launch .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
The 1 million 3GS iPhones sold were “ an impressive number compared with the 1 million they sold in the first weekend last year across 21 countries , ” Fidacaro said .
“ It shows that the iPhone momentum remains strong . ”
The 3GS , which offers faster speeds , longer battery life and the ability to take videos , hit stores last Friday , drawing plenty of fans but not the crowds that had swarmed previous iPhone releases , due in part to preorders .
Exclusively on AT&T Inc ’s network in the United States , the iPhone competes with BlackBerry phones from Research in Motion and the Pre from Palm Inc
Despite the impressive weekend sales , Fidacaro said some investors would still have concerns about Jobs ’ health and whether he can continue as a driving force at Apple .
“ He ’s obviously the clear visionary of the company , ” Fidacaro said .
“ There is a concern about his health and what Apple has told us about his health and what role he ’ll be playing when he returns . ”
Analysts have said that Jobs may soon shift to a new role focusing on big- picture issues and products at Apple , leaving Chief Operating Officer Tim Cook to manage the day to day .
Cook has been overseeing operations in Jobs ’ absence .
Shares of Apple have risen more than 60 percent this year as investors grow more comfortable with the executive bench beyond Jobs .
Continued strong sales and product launches at the company have also helped .
“ On the one hand , you have the Jobs news out there , which might give people some pause , but on the other hand , iPhone 3GS sales were good , ” said Canaccord Adams analyst Peter Misek .
Six million customers have downloaded the new iPhone 3.0 software in the first five days since its release , Apple said .
“ Customers are voting , and the iPhone is winning , ” Jobs said in the statement .
“ With over 50,000 applications available from Apple ’s revolutionary App store , iPhone momentum is stronger than ever . ”
In the past , Apple declined to comment on reports on Jobs ’ health , saying only that it expects him to return to work by the end of the month as planned .
Everyone 's favorite scary conservative harpy may have tried to subvert democracy , twice !
Property records and lawsuits show that Ann Coulter voted in Connecticut while living in New York .
Now officials are investigating .
Records dug up by private investigator Joseph Culligan and posted on Webofdeception.com showed Coulter entangled in a lawsuit over rent in 2003 while she was supposedly living with her parents in New Canaan , Conn .
Property records also showed her owning an apartment in Manhattan while voting in the neighboring state .
Last month , officials said such behavior would be wrong , but they could n't do anything unless someone filed a complaint .
They only had to ask .
Longtime Coulter obsessive Daniel Borchers promptly filed one .
There are only two possible conclusions here .
Either Coulter is innocently pathetic , a fortysomething woman living with her parents .
Or she is a liberal — you know , the people who she claimed share " the absolute conviction that there is one set of rules for you , and another , completely different set of rules for everyone else . "
Reid , Obama oppose independent commission on torture Agence France - Presse
Published : Thursday April 23 , 2009
Print This Email This The White House and its top US Senate ally poured cold water Thursday on hopes of creating an independent commission to probe harsh Bush - era interrogation techniques widely seen as torture .
Lawmakers escalated their feud over who knew what , and when , and where , as well as what to do about the people who planned , justified and used tactics like the near - drowning known as waterboarding on suspected terrorists .
And there was fighting over whether the methods approved by then - president George W. Bush had produced intelligence that helped foil plots , or whether information could have been obtained with traditional questioning .
The White House pointed to increasing hostility between Obama 's Democratic allies and his Republican critics as evidence that the president was right to say Tuesday that he would not champion the creation of a special commission .
" I think the last few days might well be evidence of why something like this would likely just become a political back and forth , " said spokesman Robert Gibbs , who stopped shy of flatly opposing assembling such a panel .
" By ( definition ) , an independent commission would probably not be something that I would weigh in on if Congress were to create one of those , " he told reporters .
He spoke after Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said he opposed talk of an independent probe at least until the Senate Intelligence Committee concludes its investigation into the interrogations and produces a public report , perhaps " sometime late this year . "
" I think it would be very unwise , from my perspective , to start having commissions , boards , tribunals , until we find out what the facts are .
And I do n't know a better way of getting the facts than through the Intelligence Committee , " said Reid , senator from Nevada .
He spoke as Democratic House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , who reportedly favors creating a special commission , said lawmakers briefed on CIA interrogations were never told the agency was using the harsh methods .
" We were not , I repeat , were not told that waterboarding or any of these other enhanced interrogation methods were used , " said Pelosi , one of the eight senior lawmakers who attended the classified briefings .
Pelosi said the briefers told lawmakers in the highly secret sessions that they had legal advice that the methods " could be used , but not that they would . "
Republican congressional officials immediately pointed to a December 2007 Washington Post report that Pelosi was among a handful of key lawmakers to whom the CIA 's special program and new tactics were disclosed in 2002 .
And House Republican Minority Leader John Boehner declared that " all of this information was downloaded to congressional leaders of both parties , with no objections being raised . "
Reid told reporters he had received " a number of briefings " over the years on the tactics being used and said : " When I disagreed with what was given to me , I raised those objections . "
After talks at the White House , Boehner said he had pressed Obama to release classified documents detailing the results of harsh questioning and said the president was " examining whether to release this information . "
The White House did not immediately comment , but Gibbs earlier said it was impossible to know whether information collected through harsh methods might not have been gathered through traditional interrogations .
" People will tell you that there was information that was procured that was helpful , and information that was procured that was made up .
Nobody could ever likely tell you that any information derived could n't also have been derived from another mean , " he said .
The feuding came after a blizzard of disclosures -- including memos detailing the kinds of methods used , a timeline of CIA interrogation decisions , and a Senate report detailing how harsh interrogations became currency at Guantanamo Bay then spread to Afghanistan and Iraq .
Escalation could imperil Obama 's legislative agenda , especially in the Senate , where the Democratic majority needs support from at least a few Republicans to ensure passage of major bills .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Custom vinyl car wraps , commonly called car wraps or vehicle wraps , have become very popular .
This relatively new and rapidly growing industry relies on wildly creative precision graphic design teams and skilled installers .
While many car wraps are installed for commercial purposes , there is also a growing demand for more personal designs , reminiscent of Americanized art trucks of Pakistan .
The Tattoo Car
The tattoo car is a full wrap and serves as a memorial to Paul Rodgers and Carolina Slim .
Action Graphics and Signs designed the graphics and wrapped the vehicle .
It is an every day personal vehicle , so this wrap gets a lot of attention .
Sleek and Animalistic Wrap Designs
At Super Wraps , the focus is on unique design .
This company offers completely original custom vinyl car wraps or allows you to choose a pre-made design for your vehicle .
Vinyl car wraps can be short - term or long - term , and partially or fully cover the vehicle .
Car for a Cause
This car was wrapped by Action Graphics and Signs for breast cancer awareness .
Shawn Pilkington drives the brightly wrapped pink car in support of his wife who has battled breast cancer .
Larger Than Life Vehicle Wraps
Skinz Wraps has several locations in the U.S. and provides complete vehicle wrap services .
This leading company in vinyl vehicle wraps employs top designers and installers and does not sub - contract any part of the process .
They offer the “ flat black ” wrap that is stunning , but somewhat hard to find .
Car Wraps Are All the Rage
Rage Wraps in Illinois provides bold and unique designer graphics on vinyl to transform any vehicle into a work of art .
The company focuses on commercial designs to get businesses noticed out on the street .
Rolling Billboards
There ’s nothing subtle about the work done by Vehicle Wraps .
Here vehicle wraps are larger than life and promote the latest trends .
Since vinyl car wraps can be frequently changed , they are a quick , easy and less expensive alternative to custom paint .
All that , plus they protect the paint underneath from the sun and minor scuffs and scratches .
Vinyl Car Wraps Make an Impact
At National Impact Wraps in Texas , they have perfected vinyl car wraps down to a science .
The company competes in vehicle wrap competitions and provides striking designs for corporate and personal vehicles .
National Appeal
CarWraps.net is a national company specializing in corporate fleet vinyl vehicle wraps .
Working on such a large scale allows the company to keep costs lower .
In addition to corporate fleet car warps , CarWraps also designs and installs custom vinyl graphics on personal vehicles .
Vinyl Car Wrap Training and Competition
360 Wraps in Texas not only designs custom vinyl car wraps , they provide training to educate others on the proper wrapping techniques .
The company also participates in speed wrap competitions and are great sports , even when they do n’t win .
Perfection takes time .
The Vinyl Car Wrap Process
Laura from 360 Wraps shares some photos of the car wrap process .
Digital designs are created based on a vehicle - specific template .
The designs are then printed on vinyl with adhesive backing .
The vinyl is then precision cut to fit and skillfully applied to the vehicle .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Apple Inc chief executive Steve Jobs underwent a liver transplant at a Tennessee hospital and has “ an excellent prognosis ” , the hospital that performed the operation confirmed on Tuesday .
Apple Inc CEO
Steve Jobs displays a redesigned iPod Nano at Apple 's " Let 's Rock " media event in San Francisco , California September 9 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Robert Galbraith
Jobs , 54 , received the transplant because he was “ the sickest patient on the waiting list at the time a donor organ became available , ” the Methodist University Hospital Transplant Institute said in a statement on its Website .
“ Mr. Jobs is now recovering well and has an excellent prognosis , ” the statement said .
James Eason , program director at the institute and the hospital ’s chief of transplantation , added that the confirmation had come with Jobs ’s permission .
The hospital did not release details of Job ’s condition or when the operation was performed , but the Wall Street Journal reported over the weekend that the transplant took place about two months ago .
Hospital spokeswoman Ruth Ann
Hale did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Jobs ’ condition .
A prognosis refers to a doctor ’s prediction regarding the probable course of a disease , disorder or injury .
Apple shares have often fluctuated on speculation about Jobs ’ health .
The executive , considered by many investors to be the driving force behind Apple ’s reputation for innovation , was treated in 2004 for a rare form of pancreatic cancer called an islet - cell , or neuroendocrine , tumor .
But he appeared gaunt at an Apple event in the summer of 2008 , setting off a storm of speculation about his health that failed to abate in the ensuing months .
In January , after initially blaming his weight loss on a hormone imbalance , he announced his medical leave , saying his health issues were “ more complex ” than originally thought .
He has not been heard from since , though a Reuters witness spotted Jobs at Apple ’s campus in Cupertino , California , on Monday and Jobs was quoted in a company press release .
The company would not say whether Jobs is off medical leave and back at work .
Apple has said repeatedly that it looks forward to his return at the end of June .
A FULL LIFE
Jobs is viewed as the key visionary driving the company ’s product development and the mastermind behind iconic products such as the iPod and the iPhone .
But analysts say Wall Street has become much more comfortable with other key executives in Jobs ’s absence .
Apple shares have surged around 60 percent this year , despite falling 10 percent following Jobs announcement of medical leave .
Methodist ’s confirmation comes as some newspaper and Internet reports speculated on whether Jobs waited his turn for a transplant .
In the United States , 15,771 people are waiting for a liver transplant , according to the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services .
The hospital said Jobs underwent a complete transplant evaluation and was listed for transplantation in accordance with policies laid down by the Transplant Institute and the United Network for Organ Sharing ( UNOS ) policies .
“ We provide transplants to patients regardless of race , sex , age , financial status , or place of residence ” , the hospital said in its statement .
Pancreatic cancer often spreads to the liver , but it is not clear if Jobs received a transplant for that reason .
Doctors without knowledge of Jobs ’s specific condition have said if the tumor migrated to the liver from the pancreas , a liver transplant may be an effective treatment and he could lead a normal life .
About 70 percent of liver transplant patients are still alive three years later , UNOS estimates .
Lit flares and other open flames in soccer stadiums around the world have resulted in play stoppages , injury to players and fans , and in at least one case , the death of a spectator .
They 're also a beautiful addition to the beautiful game , and a dramatic , but dangerous , way to celebrate successes or vent frustrations .
As I browse sports photos for this blog , I 'm encountering what seems like an increasing number of images of fires lit at stadiums worldwide .
The flames of passion burn bright for soccer fans .
( 25 photos total
I keep no secret of the fact that I 'd like to see an annual major release of Perl .
Several people disagree about my identification of limits in a proposed Perl 5 support policy .
Some people believe that without an eight - to - ten year support policy , Perl is doomed to irrelevance .
I think that 's nuts .
I also think plenty of the disagreement is because none of us knows what " support " really means .
I Made It ; You Can Use It
The word " support " may have several implications .
This list is not exhaustive , but it is exhausting .
Perl 5 " support " may mean :
Configuration and installation assistance .
This may include downloading instructions , an address to report odd bugs during configuration , troubleshooting assistance for compilation ( and cross- compilation ) problems , or even a local or remote consultant installing the Perl core on a machine .
Access to a bug tracker , to report problems and search for workarounds and similar discussions .
Feature requests , where users can ask for modifications and set a priority on their delivery .
Consulting services , whether maintaining existing programs or creating new programs .
Training services .
Patches and bugfixes , often delivered on a set schedule ( whether measured from the date of reporting a security flaw or major bug or on a regular basis ) .
Upgrading assistance , especially when migrating between major versions which are not entirely backwards - or forward - compatible .
Binary compatibility , often as a consequence of upgrades , patches , and bugfixes .
Indemnification , if the project infringes on copyrights , patents , trademarks , or trade secrets of other parties .
Stability , in that things might not ever improve , but they wo n't change .
I may have missed some categories ; please feel free to add to this list in the comments .
If it Breaks , You Get Both Pieces
How many of these categories of support does p5 p provide right now ?
Patches and bugfixes seem obvious , but there are limits .
As everyone knows , there is no set schedule for Perl releases .
If you reported a bug in Perl 5.10 - on 19 December 2007 and someone fixed it that day , your only option is to maintain a patched version of Perl for the past 17 months .
( It 's nice that you have that option , but 17 months is a while . )
There are several venues to get configuration , installation , and usage support .
The voluminous core test suite is a reasonably cheap and easy way to provide this level of support .
It 's not free , but it 's improved p5 p 's ability to ensure that Perl behaves appropriately on as many platforms as possible .
Training and consulting services are outside of p5 p 's mission .
Some developers work for companies as internal consultants .
Others are independent trainers .
No single entity supports Perl to this degree .
Perl 5 has a public bugtracker , and the p5p mailing list serves as a place to request ( and recommend ( and occasionally submit patches for ) ) new features .
Again , the lack of a formal business entity to act as a clearinghouse for these types of support may not please some businesses , but this type of support does exist .
Indemnification is difficult , at best .
The Perl Foundation may provide some degree of assistance -- it manages the copyright on Perl 5 , for example -- but like most other community - developed FLOSS projects , there 's little money to take on legal cases for users .
Binary compatibility exists as a convention .
There 's no written support policy , just a rough agreement that minor releases ( the 5.8.x series , for example ) maintain binary compatibility .
An XS extension compiled for Perl 5.8.1 ought to behave the same way with Perl 5.8.9 .
Stability is an illusion , thanks to the DarkPAN problem .
John Napiorkowski's Darkpan => CPAN Service ?
suggests an intriguing business idea which could alleviate this problem by aggregating DarkPAN code .
( There 's modest income in making CPAN -- and the CPAN Testers Service -- available to businesses . )
Setting aside the DarkPAN , there 's no official specification for Perl 5 .
There 's a test suite and the core documentation and tens of thousands of modules on the CPAN -- but even fixing a bug has the potential to break existing code .
No specification covers every edge case .
No test suite exercises all potential paths and uses .
No platform nor problem is perfectly predictable .
Thus p5 p provides very few of these categories of support now .
Why then is there such resistence to proposed changes ?
When Support Means Never Having to Maintain Your Software
I suspect that the " p5 p should support all Perl releases for at least five years or no one will ever use Perl again in business ! " brigade really means that Perl is plumbing .
It 's a series of pipes in your walls that you do n't think about until someone says " You 're not drinking lead , are you ? " or it freezes outside and you forgot to close one faucet and open another .
You only notice when something goes wrong ; you do n't notice when something goes right .
After all , it does n't matter if your uninsulated PVC water pipe runs through your uninsulated attic if it almost never drops below 33 degrees .
It does n't matter that a handful of changes can double the speed of the regular expression engine , close a few dozen bugs , reduce its memory usage , and make some patterns that would never complete work -- at least if it 's more important that some DarkPAN code may have poked into the guts of the regex engine inappropriately and no one knows how to maintain that code anymore , and it absolutely has to just work with every major version of Perl released in the next several years .
It does n't matter that rearranging a few struct members in internal data structures reduces
Perl 's memory footprint dramatically and offers a modest speedup for mod_perl and SpamAssassin , because there 's never been any encapsulation at the XS layer , and it would be a real shame if someone accidentally upgraded a box that contains code that relies on the old behavior and there are n't any tests or maintainers for that critical business function .
It does n't matter that Moose makes so much boilerplate OO code go away , because someone , somewhere might have defined a custom class function with the ( & ) prototype and uses it as a bare word somewhere .
It does n't matter that Perl is a pretty decent cross-platform system administration language by now , because the most common way to install Perl modules is still the first idea anyone had in 1994 -- using regular expressions and string concatenation to attempt to write cross-platform shell files ( invoking Perl itself when those platforms do n't support Unixisms such as touch and rm - rf ) which require the presence of a Make utility ( often not shipped with non-Unix platforms ) .
It does n't matter that foundational core modules such as Test : : Builder suffer maintainability problems because they have to work around long - deprecated features such as Perl 5.005 threads ( thankfully , that 's recently changed ) under the theory that someone writing new code in 2009 with the most modern version of Perl the year 1999 had to offer obviously needs the ability to install the most recent version of a core module released in 2009 .
It does n't matter that the two - argument form of the open builtin is insecure and difficult to use safely , because three - arg open has only been around for nine years , so it might not be stable enough to rely on , and it 's very , very difficult to migrate existing code to work around well - known security flaws .
Maybe I 'm a very poor businessman , but I like when software gets easier to maintain and cheaper to write and safer and simpler over time .
I was originally planning to witter about distributed version control vs. centralized version control , especially the oft - neglected problem of breaking up a large cvs / svn / p4 repository .
This was partly triggered by Linus 's talk about git at Google in which he did n't really address a couple of questions about how to migrate a corporate source repository to distributed version control .
But in the end I do n't think I have any point other than the fairly well - known one that distributed version control systems work best when your systems are split into reasonably modestly - sized and self - contained modules , one per repository .
Most systems are modular , even if all the modules are in one huge central repository , but the build and system integration parts can often get tightly coupled to the repository layout making it much harder to decentralize .
Instead I 'm going to wave my hands a bit about the ways in which git has unusual approaches to distributed version control , and how bzr in particular seems to take diametrically opposing attitudes .
I 'm not saying one is objectively better than the other , because most of these issues are fairly philosophical and for practical purposes they are dominated by things like quality of implementation and documentation and support .
Bottom - up
Git 's design is very bottom - up .
Linus started by designing a repository structure that he thought would support his goals of performance , semantics , and features , and worked upwards from there .
The upper levels , especially the user interface , were thought to be of secondary importance and something that could be worked on and improved further down the line .
As a result it has a reputation for being very unfriendly to use , but that problem is pretty much gone now .
Other VCSs take a similar approach , for example hg is based on its revlog data structure , and darcs has its patch algebra .
However bzr seems to be designed from the top down , starting with a user interface and a set of supported workflows , and viewing its repository format and performance characteristics as of secondary importance and something that can be improved further down the line .
As a result it has a reputation for being very slow .
Amortization
Most VCSs have a fairly intricate repository format , and every operation that writes to the repository eagerly keeps it in the canonical efficient form .
Git is unusual because its write operations add data to the repository in an unpacked form which makes writing cheaper but makes reading from the repository gradually less and less efficient - until you repack the repo in a separate heavy - weight operation to make reads faster again .
( Git will do this automatically for you every so often . )
The advantage of this is that the packed repository format is n't constrained by any need for incremental updates , so it can optimise for read performance at the expense of greater pack write complexity because this wo n't slow down common write operations .
Bzr being the opposite of git seems to do a lot more up - front work when writing to its repository than other VCSs , e.g. to make annotation faster .
Thus git has two parallel repository formats , loose and packed .
Other VCSs may have multiple repository formats , but only one at a time , and new formats are introduced to satisfy feature or performance requirements .
Repository format changes are a pain and happily git 's stabilized very early on - unlike bzr's .
Laziness
As well as being slack about how it writes to its repository , git is also slack about what it writes .
There has been an inclination in recent VCSs towards richer kinds of changeset , with support for file copies and renames or even things like token renames in darcs .
The bzr developers think this is vital .
Git , on the other hand , does n't bother storing that kind of information at all , and instead lazily calculates it when necessary .
There are some good reasons for this , in particular that developers will often not bother to be explicit about rich change information , or the information might be lost when transmitting a patch , or the change might have come from a different VCS that does n't encode the information .
This implies that even VCSs that can represent renames still need to be able to infer them in some situations .
Git 's data structure helps to make this efficient : it identifies files and directories by a hash of their contents , so if the hash is the same it does n't need to look any closer to find differences because there are n't any - and this implies a copy or rename .
This means that you should not rename or copy a file and modify it in the same commit , because that makes git 's rename inference harder .
Similarly if you rename a directory , do n't modify any of its contents ( including renames and permissions changes ) in the same commit .
Mercurial also uses hashes to identify things , but they are n't pure content hashes : they include historical information , so they can't be used to identify files with the same contents but different histories .
Thus efficiency forces hg to represent copies explicitly .
Any more ?
I should say that I know very little about bzr , and nothing about tla , mtn , or bk , so if any of the above is off the mark or over - states git 's weirdness , then please correct me in a comment !
Cornell ’s Post - Grunge Woes
As the former front man to 90’s rock icons Audioslave and Soundgarden Chris Cornell played sold - out shows to adoring fans , and celebrated top 10 records .
Now more than two years after the split of Audioslave , Cornell ’s solo project , Scream — a collaboration with world - renowned beat - maker , Timbaland — has been mixed , mastered , pressed , and distributed to every physical and virtual outlet that can still move product .
With one of the hottest producers , hordes of adoring fans waiting in the wings , and more than five studio albums under his belt what could go wrong you ask .
Unfortunately for Cornell , the answer is everything .
From the first synthesized horn and layered guitar of the records opener , whatever message was intended is immediately lost .
Cornell ’s dynamic voice is buried in cumbersome beats , and inorganic elements that just do n’t quite make sense for the grunge master .
Rollingstone.com said Scream , “ feels like it belongs in a time capsule , a strange mutation that could only have been born this decade . ”
The general consensus is that this record comes across like a bad Michael McDonald special featuring nothing but Justin Timberlake covers .
It seems as though , for such a well - known rocker , the switch from grunge to synth could only come with criticism .
While Timbaland calls Scream , “ the best work I ’ve done in my career , ” Nine Inch Nails front man Trent Reznor publicly bashed Scream on his Twitter account saying , “ You know that feeling you get when somebody embarrasses themselves so badly YOU feel uncomfortable ?
Heard Chris Cornell ’s record ?
Jesus . ”
Cornell has yet to respond to the attack via tweet , probably because he ’s so busy fielding a heap of negative press .
The L.A. Times also gave Scream an abysmal review that read , “ Scream , is a fascinating but heartbreaking document of how many wrong decisions one can make in writing and performing a record . ”
They may be right , but that ’s not exactly the kind of press you ’re looking for as an artist .
Luckily , there may be light at the end of this long , dark tunnel .
While most people would agree that the collaboration between Cornell and Timbaland does n’t correctly translate to listeners , the musical meat of the record is n’t all that bad .
There are some standout moments where an unexpected beat drops , or a clever turnaround sneaks its way in through the mirage of brassy guitars .
Will Harris at Bullz - eye.com wrote , “ There are some phenomenal choruses [ on the record ] , including “ Never Far Away ” and “ Enemy , ” both of which would readily fill most dance floors with little remixing required . ”
It also helps to know that Cornell is completely behind this new project .
In a review on RollingStone.com Cornell said , “ Maybe I ’m an optimist or just an idiot but I really think the fans will come around to the concept . ”
In all reality the fans that have stuck with Cornell throughout his musical transformation will , more than likely support this record .
Hardcore Cornell fans probably had it pre-ordered months before the release date , without ever hearing a note , and who knows , there might even be a few Timbaland followers just waiting to add this record to their library .
It ’s hardly ever well received when an icon goes schizo and completely changes their musical profile .
It did n’t work when Garth Brooks channeled Chris Gaines , and in the same respects Chris Cornell is going to have a hard time converting his grunge - hungry fans to Timbaland - heavy beats .
The moral of the story here : stick to what you know .
Change scares a lot of people , and a change as drastic as the one brought about by Scream is certainly no exception .
Better luck next time Chris .
Liberation : A Review
Here 's the pitch for Brian Francis Slattery 's novel " Liberation " :
It is the future .
After an out - of - nowhere economic collapse destroys the dollar forever , the United States declares bankruptcy , shuts down , and falls into brutal despotism run by a New York autocrat known only as " The Aardvark .
" A former underworld boss , the Aardvark shrugs at the rule of law , and instead reinstitutes slavery in order to keep the economy going .
The only free city left in America is Asheville , North Carolina , where the country 's libertarians and intellectuals retreat ( if they can get there before dying of hunger ) .
All hope seems lost .
But offshore in a prison ship , a grown - up child soldier " with problems " kills all the guards with an assegai and sails the ship back to America in order to reunite the five other members of the country 's most famous underground criminal syndicate ( the " Slick Six " ) .
Their goal : to rescue the country from its own latent poisonous impulses and reboot America .
Their method : the big heist !
The Slick Six !
There 's a caper mastermind , a con artist , a numbers genius , a hacker , a lawyer , and an assassin .
They are scattered all across the U.S. -- some in prison , some enslaved , some running their own rackets in America 's entrails .
Once assembled , will the Slick Six be a match for the Aardvark and the other factions now loose in a post - crash America , including the New Sioux and Dr. San Diego 's Americoids , a group of psychic washouts who travel the country in a magic hippie bus , delivering the best drugs to the downtrodden ?
Or have things gone too far even for the United States ' best criminals to set right ?*** If that premise is n't something you want to read , then we probably can't be friends anymore .*** NOW .
Given this crackerjack idea , how about the execution ?
First off -- is this really science fiction these days ?
Everybody 's jittery in this country about the economy .
People are checking plane timetables , learning new languages , practicing their gardening skills , stocking up on beef broth , sizing up their neighbors .
Post - apocalyptic literature is as American as atom bombs and baton twirling .
We do n't do half - measures ; if we are going to play a new game , we have to upturn the table .
The curious thing about " Liberation " is that it is a chronicle of a slow economic meltdown as opposed to the violent physical crack - up that most apocalyptic novels deploy .
The thesis is that right below the surface of the American economic system already lies a strange combination of slavery and anarchism , and that if you take away the illusions , America is already living out the trashcan barrel - fire nightmare .
More slaves than masters .
More anarchy than law .
The idea is that our shaky economic structure is more destructive than anything else that could possibly be used against us : any weapon , plague , or act of terror ( what 's up , China ? ) .
" It 's right out of a textbook .
Big debt .
Creditors get nervous , start asking for their money back .
We do n't have it .
Dollar goes south .
Creditors get more nervous .
some of them take their money and run .
Dollar goes further south .
Feedback loop .
Pow .
" One of Slattery 's other big questions is what does law mean , and how does there get to be progress in a legal system ?
Two of the characters are lawyers -- one chooses to lend her talents to the Aardvark , and the other moves to Asheville and gets into politics in the last free city .
If America can progress from slavery to freedom , from rights for the few to rights for the many , from an unjust health care system to one that reflects the means of the people who must participate in it , can things go the other way if times get wild ?
And " Liberation " also gets at a harder problem , a problem about empire : are our gains for civil rights and justice good things in our country , or do they weaken us and leave us open to incursions by the rest of the world and by our own greed ?
Can America become " enlightened " by itself , or is the country only as free as its neighbors ?
The theme of interconnectivity does n't just play out on a macro scale in " Liberation . "
The characters are also all seeking to find one another and synch up with what they love and what they fear .
The Slick Six criminal syndicate was once a lucrative and powerful faction , but its existence presupposed an America where it was possible to be a sociopathic predator preying on the lives of the sick and feeble .
To reunite may be the only way to fix things , but at what cost ?
Zeke Hezekiah , the numbers guy , sizes up the human condition : " There was a woman in Monaco , the wife of a textiles magnate , who wanted me ; I do n't know why .
And a man who lived on a yellow sailboat wanted her .
And no doubt somewhere in the Mediterranean someone wanted him ; some poor woman , or a man , in Alexandria , or Beirut , maybe .
Her to the sailor , to the wife of the textiles magnate , to me , to Kuala Lumpur , to you .
And on and on , until the chain loops back on itself , connects up again .
A big ring of desperation around the planet .
But for us , it 's just the people we want , and the people who want us . " *** This is n't a slam - bang sci - fi thriller full of action , adventure , chases and wit .
There are too many ghosts of America 's past hanging around to make death much of a threat here .
In " Liberation , " America 's god is something called " the Vibe , " and you either hear it or you do n't , and if you hear it , you 'd better follow .
As with any book with a determinist heart , the characters choices do n't seem to matter , and so you stop caring about the characters very much .
Really , " Liberation " follows the grand tradition of many science - fiction novels ( " Atlas Shrugged , " " The Moon is a Harsh Mistress , " " The Disposessed , " " Snow Crash , " " Alas , Babylon " ) and covers a radical economic thesis with adventure and intrigue .
This is a book about globalization and the catastrophe of a world with permeable borders , where a country can have all the economic squalor of the global have - nots , and all the panoptican , paranoia , and sado - masochism of the haves .
So the characters do n't have much personality beyond the defining execution of their criminal superpowers .
The story is secondary to the poetry of the collapse , and an analysis of what America would be like if things drifted back into confederation as opposed to a federal system , what everybody would LIKE to do if the government was n't watching .
New York is one big party and world bazaar , for instance .
Texas , on the other hand , is total war .
Before the collapse , when the Slick Six were on top of the world , they were globe - trotting amoral sensualists -- oysters every night , cocaine every morning , always in a different city .
They had legitimate genius , and yet they used it only for personal gain .
The book is about growing up , learning to live differently , learning to see that your talents have a purpose beyond fulfilling your own desires .
In some ways , this was a huge bummer , because I would love to read a fun , fast - paced novel about criminals of the future taking down America as one last big score .
Something like " The Stainless Steel Rat , " but with more sex and violence .
However , what Slattery has done instead is forgivable and worth a read , if you can get over your initial annoyance .
It is more " Grapes of Wrath " than " Martian Chronicles . " " Liberation " is still a fuck of a lot of fun and took some guts to write , even if it does n't exactly pay off on its promise .
It gets you thinking and it takes you somewhere new .
Everybody is trying to survive America 's demise the best way they know how , even if the available options do n't always make a lot of sense .
A running gag in the book , for instance , is that no one knows how Marco Angelo Oliveira , assassin for the Slick Six and the book 's central protagonist , is able to survive explosions and walk away unscathed .
My guess ?
He does n't know either .
It is an axiom of the new digital media age that high - profile political columnists should generally avoid copying other people 's words without attribution .
Nobody wants to have the p-word hung around their necks .
It is a further axiom of the age that if a columnist is to borrow a paragraph unattributed , then at least they should ensure it does n't belong to Josh Marshall .
The man behind Talking Points Memo is one of the sharpest , most deadly bloggers around .
Maureen Dowd , the New York Times columnist , has cause to ponder both these axioms today after she found herself sucked into a spat over plagiarism .
In her column yesterday she launched an attack on Dick Cheney for the former US vice - president 's stance on torture , but in the process merely seems to have inflicted ethical torture upon herself .
In the article , Dowd wrote : " More and more the timeline is raising the question of why , if the torture was to prevent terrorist attacks , it seemed to happen mainly during the period when the Bush crowd was looking for what was essentially political information to justify the invasion of Iraq . "
The paragraph is word - for - word identical to a section of a blogpost by Marshall last week , the only difference being that in place of " the Bush crowd was " he had written " we were " .
That 's the kind of thing that does n't slip by unnoticed .
Marshall has an enviable track record of investigative reporting .
Through the New York - based Talking Points Memo , or TPM to its many fans , he broke the story of the Bush administration 's politicised sacking of federal lawyers in 2007 ; his Muckraker blog is a scourge of corrupt politicians .
Dowd 's self - defence , posted through rival liberal blog the Huffington Post , is that she did n't read TPM at all last week .
She had been given the idea of the paragraph talking to a friend whom she assumed had been speaking spontaneously .
" Clearly , my friend must have read Josh Marshall without mentioning that to me . "
The mistake , corrected by the paper , is paradoxical for Dowd who in 1987 broke a major political plagiarism story .
She revealed that then Delaware senator Joe Biden had copied speeches made by Neil Kinnock , then leader of the Labour party in the UK .
Her story placed Biden in such bad odour that he pulled out of the 1988 presidential race .
Two decades later Biden is vice - president - Cheney 's replacement .
The plagiarism scandalette is a blip on an otherwise soaring career .
Dowd has been described as the most powerful woman columnist in America , and she is certainly among the best connected and glamorous .
She is the author of two bestsellers – Bushworld and her take on the gender wars Are Men Necessary ? - and won a Pulitzer prize for distinguished commentary in 1999 .
Talk about a corny idea …
The Norm Coleman - Al Franken battle for Minnesota ’s U.S. Senate seat is now seven months and counting , and the state ’s voters of every political sway are understandably weary of it all .
But that has n’t stopped at least one pro-Franken group from using humor to add fuel to the political firestorm .
Late last week , the group Americans United for Change decided to point out ( in their minds ) the ridiculousness of a stance taken by Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty – a politician with White House aspirations .
He has refused to sign the election certificate that would allow Franken to assume office and get to work .
They sent Pawlenty a basket of Iowa corn , in a nod to the Iowa caucus , which traditionally kicks off the presidential election season .
Their message : Stop putting your White House dreams ahead of the needs of the North Star State .
But wait , it gets better .
The basket was delivered by a 6 - foot - 2 , 290 - pound guy dressed in a corn costume .
Who in their right mind would do this ?
Meet Xavier Lopez - Ayala , 21 , a recent college graduate from Aquinas College in Grand Rapids , Mich .
He now lives in Minneapolis and , according to him , has grown increasingly frustrated with watching state services dwindle as Minnesota ’s economy continues to suffer amid the recession .
It reminds him , Lopez - Ayala said , too much of the woes long endured by residents in Michigan .
When the folks over at Americans United for Change decided to send their package of snarky produce , they realized that maybe -- just maybe -- the corn itself was n’t a clear enough message .
They asked Lopez - Ayala , the group ’s new media director , to find a costume .
“ I did a search for costume shops in Minneapolis , ” Lopez - Ayala said .
“ The first site listed had corn for rent . ” ( Gotta love Google . )
So Friday afternoon , Lopez - Ayala squeezed his husky frame into the foam cob , hefted the wicker basket and headed to the state Capitol in St. Paul .
Alec Baldwin writing a book on parenting .
Stop laughing .
We ’re serious .
We ca n’t decide if this is funny or sad .
Maybe both .
Actor and awful father Alec Baldwin is writing a book on parenting .
We assume it ’s title will be “ Do As I Say , Not As I Do . ”
Ironically , he reveals his plans in family - friendly Playboy magazine :
“ It will be ironic for some people , but I ’m going to write a parenting book .
We ’re at … an awful place right now in terms of parenting .
People are raising their children with the belief that we need to be friends with our children .
Kids have too much power and call too many of the shots , telling their parents what they will and wo n’t do . ”
Baldwin continues :
“ People come home , walk up the driveway , put the key in the door , and they ca n’t do another hard job .
Parenting your children effectively is a tough job . ”
Here ’s a sneak preview of the audio book version of Alec Baldwin ’s Guide to Good Parenting .
( It ’s actually the god awful voicemail he left for his 11 - year old daughter a few years ago , but we present it as a public service in hopes that no one – absolutely no one – will make the mistake of buying this lunatic ’s parenting book ) .
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Source : Playboy via Deceiver.com
One month after Oracle announced its takeover of Sun Microsystems , the future of MySQL remains up in the air .
Can the leading lightweight open source database still thrive when it 's controlled by the leading proprietary commercial database vendor ?
So far , the prognosis does n't look good .
Even before the Oracle buyout , there were signs of strain within the MySQL community .
Not long after Sun acquired MySQL in 2008 , key MySQL employees began exiting the company , including CEO Mårten Mickos and cofounder Monty Widenius .
Widenius , in particular , was vocally critical of the MySQL development process under Sun 's stewardship , citing rushed release cycles and poor quality control .
Another MySQL cofounder , David Axmark , left out of frustration with the bureaucracy and tedium of Sun 's buttoned - down corporate culture .
[ Some analysts predict that MySQL could thrive under Oracle ownership |
For more on the Oracle - Sun merger , see InfoWorld 's special report . ]
In the wake of this exodus came another ominous development : Forks of the MySQL codebase began to appear , including Drizzle and MariaDB , offering users and contributors ways around Sun 's control of the main branch .
Drizzle is an attempt to shed some of the feature bloat that has crept into recent MySQL releases , in favor of a lightweight database server aimed at cloud computing and Web applications .
MariaDB , on the other hand , aims to be feature - compatible with MySQL , but it uses a brand - new , transaction - capable storage engine by default .
And perhaps even more significantly , MariaDB is spearheaded by none other than Widenius himself .
If that was n't troubling enough for MySQL's new minders at Oracle , Widenius has since dropped the other shoe .
Last week , he announced the formation of the Open Database Alliance , a " vendor - neutral consortium " whose stated aim is to become " the industry hub for the MySQL open source database , including MySQL and derivative code , binaries , training , support , and other enhancements for the MySQL community and partner ecosystem . "
Notably , no one from Oracle is listed among the Open Database Alliance 's contacts .
If all this leaves you scratching your head , you 're not alone .
In March , former MySQL employee and Drizzle developer Patrick Galbraith wondered aloud just which branch of MySQL should be considered " official " these days .
The ultimate answer to that question will determine the fate of the MySQL database .
Can Oracle keep the MySQL product relevant ?
Of course , there can only be one real , official version of MySQL :
It 's the one that was originally developed by MySQL , was later bought by Sun , and was finally acquired by Oracle .
Oracle now owns all the copyrights , trademarks , and other intellectual property associated with the MySQL name -- and that intellectual property has always been defended vigorously .
MySQL had even been known to send trademark - violation notices to partners that had the temerity to call their service offerings " MySQL support " instead of " support for MySQL databases . "
While that 's all well and good , however , the MySQL brand alone is n't likely to comfort customers who worry that an open source database wo n't get the attention it needs from one of the world 's largest commercial software companies .
Already some customers must be questioning Oracle 's commitment to a low - end product like MySQL , when it has a lucrative , proprietary database to sell .
And as the MySQL community fragments and begins turning to alternatives , the economics of Oracle 's MySQL business become steadily less attractive .
But if MySQL 's approval ratings are slumping , all the more reason for Oracle to move decisively .
Oracle must work to regain the trust and support of the MySQL community or risk losing mindshare to a fork , such as Drizzle or MariaDB .
To do that , it has to avoid making the mistakes that Sun made when it acquired MySQL .
In a sense , to succeed with MySQL , Oracle will have to stop acting like Oracle .
Open source customers are a notoriously fickle bunch .
If one project does n't deliver what users need , the users go elsewhere -- and the same goes for developers .
Forks are a fact of life in the open source community , and arguably an entirely healthy one .
Oracle just better hope it does n't end up on the wrong side of the fork .
When projects fork , there are winners and losers
Coincidentally , a similar drama is playing out elsewhere in the open source world right now .
This one concerns glibc , the Gnu standard C library that is used by practically every piece of software running on Linux systems .
Earlier this month , the Debian Project opted to switch its entire distribution from using standard glibc to a fork called eglibc .
Ostensibly the new fork works better for embedded systems programming , but the community scuttlebutt says the switch was really the result of ongoing problems with glibc 's notoriously obstinate maintainer , Ulrich Drepper .
( One contributor even went so far as to file a bug report describing the problem . )
The name eglibc is surely no accident .
It echoes an earlier , contentious incident in which a group of developers working on gcc , the Gnu C compiler , frustrated by the project 's restrictive contribution model , split off to form a new fork called egcs .
Freed from excessive bureaucracy , the fork thrived , while development on the main gcc branch stagnated .
Eventually it died off completely ; all that was left was for egcs to formally change its name back to gcc .
The fork became the main branch -- and according to some egcs developers , that had been their intention from the very beginning .
It seems likely that the eglibc maintainers have something similar in mind .
There 's a real lesson to be learned here for Oracle and other maintainers of open source projects .
Creeping authoritarianism in the development and contribution processes is something that many users of open source software are simply unwilling to tolerate ; quite naturally , the contributors with the most to offer are the most likely to become frustrated when they feel stymied by red tape ( or simple pigheadedness ) .
Projects that are maintained by commercial entities are particularly susceptible to this tendency .
Twelve years after Eric S. Raymond published his landmark essay , " The Cathedral and the Bazaar , " too many projects -- and companies in particular -- can't seem to let go of their cathedral mentalities .
That 's why the best course of action for Oracle would be to join the Open Database Alliance and take an active role in the ongoing development of MySQL in an open , community - driven way .
Oracle acquired MySQL as an asset of Sun , but Sun never knew what it had in the first place , nor how to manage it .
If Oracle can't figure out how to do what Sun could n't , it will still own the MySQL name ; unfortunately , however , that name wo n't mean much .
Mandelson ’s Fifth Column
The British government ’s business department exists to undermine democracy .
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian , 4th May 2009 .
There is n’t much to be said for Nicholas Ridley , the most desiccated market fundamentalist in Mrs Thatcher ’s cabinet , but at least he was aware of the government ’s contradictions .
When he took over the Department of Trade and Industry in 1989 he asked , “ What is the DTI for ?
I ’ve got bugger all to do , and thousands of staff to help me do it .
” (1) Thatcher ’s government had spent ten years preaching that people should stand on their own two feet and that the market should be free from meddling by the state .
But it ran a large department whose purpose was to nanny free enterprise .
The name has changed , to Business , Enterprise and Regulatory Reform , but the department ’s policies have not .
I think , however , that I have an answer to Mr Ridley ’s question .
BERR , now run by Lord Mandelson , functions as a fifth column within government , working for corporations to undermine democracy and the public interest .
Since he became business secretary in October , Mandelson has been quietly building a bonfire of the measures that protect us from predatory corporate behaviour .
You do n’t have to look very far to see where BERR ’s interests lie .
Most government departments contain either one unelected minister or none .
Two departments ( the Foreign Office and Innovation , Universities and Skills ) each accommodate two unelected ministers .
But BERR has four ( 2 ) .
It is the only department of government in which unelected ministers outnumber members of parliament .
Until he became minister for communications in BERR , Lord Carter was the chief executive of Brunswick Group , a big corporate PR firm whose clients include British Airways , Barclays , Unilever , Rolls Royce and BT ( 3 ) .
Lord Davies , the minister for trade and investment , was chairman of Standard Chartered and a non-executive director of Tesco ( 4 ) .
Until October , the trade minister was Digby Jones , formerly the director - general of the Confederation of British Industry .
Lord Jones refused to join the Labour Party , or to say which party he would support at the next election ( 5 ) .
As for Lord Mandelson , who was twice obliged to resign from the government and who previously ranked second on Mr Brown ’s execution list , the only convincing explanation for his appointment is that business demanded it .
Mandelson , who once avowed that “ we are intensely relaxed about people getting filthy rich ” ( 6 ) was partly responsible , both in Blair ’s government and as European trade commissioner , for promoting the culture of deregulation that catalysed the economic crisis .
Yet even today he boasts about “ a decade of reform that has given the UK the most open and flexible product and labour markets in the world . ” ( 7 )
These unelected ministers appear to have formed their own lobby group within government , to prevent those upstart parliamentarians from interfering with the democratic rights of business .
They are responsible for some of the policies which now threaten to tear the Labour party apart .
Mandelson is the promoter of Labour ’s crazy scheme to part - privatise Royal Mail .
Wildly unpopular with both the public and Labour MPs , it breaks a manifesto commitment and could provoke a parliamentary rebellion big enough to unseat the prime minister .
But most of his assaults on democracy have achieved much less attention .
Last week he helped to neuter the EU ’s working time directive by ensuring that European companies will still be able to push their employees into working for more than 48 hours a week .
BERR issued a gleeful press release bragging that talks on the directive “ have broken down without agreement being reached ” as a result of government filibusters ( 8 ) .
Mandelson ’s attempt to prevent companies from exploiting their female workers was less successful .
The equality bill sought to audit large companies to ensure that they were not paying women less than men for the same jobs .
Mandelson insisted that the audits should be voluntary , and that the policy should first be approved by the Confederation of British Industry ( 9 ) , which often seems to be the real government of this country .
Last month , though it passed almost unnoticed , BERR deregulated the news distribution industry ( 10 ) .
This is a gift to the supermarkets , but a disaster for both small newsagents and freedom of speech .
The companies which distribute newspapers and magazines to the shops had guaranteed , in return for exclusive delivery rights , to supply whatever stock a shop requests , however small the order might be .
This allowed small newsagents to survive , and protected publishers from censorship by powerful retailers ( 11 ) .
( In the United States , supermarkets often dictate the contents of the magazines they sell ) .
Tesco has been trying to break the distribution agreement since 2000 ( 12,13 ) ; now Mandelson has delivered .
A few days ago , the Guardian revealed that BERR has set up a new unit , whose purpose appears to be to lobby another department on behalf of business ( 14 ) .
The business department relinquished its responsibility for energy policy only six months ago .
Now it has created an Energy and Climate Change Unit ( 15 ) , whose brief and title look suspiciously similar to Ed Miliband ’s Department for Energy and Climate Change .
While Miliband gets the environment , Mandelson appears to be doing everything in his power to trash it .
Over the past year he has secured £ 2.6 bn in subsidies , loans and guarantees for the motor industry .
He boasts that this is “ effectively the same as underwriting the entire vehicle sector ’s research and development and capital expenditure for a year . ” ( 16 ) He is widely blamed for the decision to build a third runway at Heathrow .
Last month BERR launched a consultation about the European Union ’s attempts to strengthen its directives on waste electrical equipment and hazardous substances .
The EU is trying to cut the amount of cyberjunk going into landfill and to prevent companies from sending dead computers overseas to be dissolved in acid by child labourers .
In drafting the consultation document , Mandelson ’s department conferred with ten industry bodies but no trade unions or environment or development groups ( 17 ) .
In the strategic plan it released last month , BERR announced that it wants the government to “ match … the influence it exercises in the economy to the strategic needs of business . ” ( 18 ) It also wants to second even more people from the private sector into government ( 19 ) , which is already infested with people whose public duties conflict with their commercial interests .
It revealed that , as of last month , “ grant applicants to all Research Councils will have to set out the economic impact of their proposed research ” ( 20 ) .
This appears to mark the end of the pursuit of knowledge for its own sake : all research , whether funded by the state or corporations , must now consider the needs of business .
Business is perfectly capable of making its own representations .
It does not require a cell inside government to ensure that its voice is heard ; it should compete , like the rest of us , for the attention of ministers .
Mandelson ’s department has one legitimate function : simplifying and clarifying regulations .
The others – the trade missions , the lobbying , the feather - bedding – achieve the rare distinction of undermining both social democracy and free markets .
BERR now has a budget of £ 1.92 billion , £ 460 m bigger than it was last year ( 21 ) .
The government is looking for savings .
It should close this department down .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1. Quoted by Jean Eaglesham , 9th April 2007 .
Whitehall shake - up recycles DTI roles .
Financial Times .
2 . The fourth is Baroness Vadera .
http://www.berr.gov.uk/aboutus/ministerialteam/index.html
3 . http://www2.hemscott.com/equities/adviser/clients/al002902.htm
4. Amy Wilson , 1st October 2008 .
Tesco breaks governance standard .
Daily Telegraph .
5. Deborah Summers , 3rd October 2008 .
Profile : Lord ( Digby ) Jones .
The Guardian .
6. eg Tim Adams , 21st December 2008 .
The comeback kid : Peter Mandelson .
The Observer .
7. Lord Mandelson , 25th March 2009 .
Britain and Brazil .
Speech to the FIESP Event , Sao Paulo , Brazil .
http://www.berr.gov.uk/aboutus/ministerialteam/Speeches/page50669.html
8. BERR , 28th April 2009 .
UK protects working time opt out .
http://nds.coi.gov.uk/content/detail.asp?NewsAreaID=2&ReleaseID=399875
9. Gaby Hinsliff , 26th April 2009 .
Peter Mandelson sidelined as cabinet shifts to left .
The Observer .
10 . BERR , 20th April 2009 .
Regulation to be removed from newspaper distribution arrangements .
http://nds.coi.gov.uk/Content/Detail.asp?ReleaseID=399064&NewsAreaID=2
11 . https://www.monbiot.com/archives/2005/05/17/bad-news-from-tesco/
12 . Clayton Hirst , 25th June 2000 .
Publishers hit out at ‘ bully ’ Tesco .
The Independent on Sunday .
13 . Jojo Moyes , 1st August 2000 .
Do it our way – or get off the shelf .
The Independent .
14 . Tim Webb , 27th April 2009 .
BERR takes on lobbying role .
The Guardian .
15 .
http://www.berr.gov.uk/whatwedo/sectors/energyandclimatechange/index.html
16 . Lord Mandelson , 5th February 2009 .
Speech to the CBI manufacturing dinner .
http://www.berr.gov.uk/aboutus/ministerialteam/Speeches/page50022.html
17 . BERR , April 2009 .
Government consultation on European Commission proposals to recast the EC Directives on Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment ( WEEE ) and on the Restriction of the use of certain Hazardous Substances in electrical and electronic equipment ( RoHS ) .
http://www.berr.gov.uk/files/file50817.pdf
18 . BERR , April 2009 .
New Industry , New Jobs , para 1.17 .
http://www.berr.gov.uk/files/file51023.pdf
19 . ibid , para 4.25 .
20 . ibid , para 3.12 .
21 . BERR , pers comm .
The Sleepers -- Curtis , Deborah and their children , Kian , Perry and baby Theodore Wesley -- live in a cave , a 17,000 - square - foot gouge in the earth left by a 1930s sandstone mine .
It ’s Tom Sawyer country here in Festus , Mo. , just a few miles from the Mississippi River , and the Sleepers showed their adventurous side by making their home 45 feet under a forest ( and a neighbor ’s home ) .
( Ann Summa )
" Into Nato " posters can be seen on the streets of the Georgian capital A series of Nato military exercises has begun in Georgia , amid angry condemnation from Russia .
Soldiers from 18 countries are taking part in the drills at a Georgian army base close to the capital , Tbilisi .
Russia , which fought a war against Georgia last year , has condemned the exercises , which President Dmitry Medvedev called " an overt provocation " .
On Tuesday Georgia put down a mutiny by soldiers , and claimed it had uncovered a Russian - backed coup plot .
Relations between Nato and Russia were supposed to have been on the mend after last year 's war in Georgia , but have now taken a dramatic turn for the worse , the BBC's Rupert Wingfield - Hayes in Moscow says .
Russia said on Wednesday that it was expelling two Canadian diplomats working for Nato's Moscow office in response to what it terms an " unfriendly act " by the military alliance .
Last week Nato expelled two Russian envoys from its headquarters in Brussels , reportedly due to spying .
' Misinterpreted '
More than 1,000 soldiers will take part in the Nato exercises over a period of more than three weeks .
Paul Reynolds
World affairs correspondent , BBC News website
The best hope for an improvement in Nato - Russia ties lies in talks between Washington and Moscow about nuclear weapons .
The two sides have set themselves a deadline of December to reach an agreement .
If they do agree that will be an up .
But equally there will be downs in future as well .
The basic relationship has not been worked out .
There is suspicion among Nato members about the authoritarian nature of the Russian government and its determination to exercise influence over its near neighbours .
And there is suspicion in Moscow that Nato would like Russia to return to the chaotic days of the 1990s , when Russia was passive and compliant .
Insecurity haunts Nato - Russia ties Russia expels Canadian diplomats
They are taking place close to areas where Russian troops are stationed in Georgia 's breakaway region of South Ossetia .
Georgia 's defence ministry said Nato would spend the next few days setting up a staff headquarters at the Vaziani base outside the capital Tbilisi .
The first exercise , running until 19 May , is described as a " command post " exercise focusing on co-ordinating Nato procedures in a crisis - response situation .
Then a second , larger , exercise , based on peacekeeping training , will run till 3 June .
Nato has denied the exercises are aimed at Russia or the breakaway regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
" This issue has been totally misused , I think , by all parties .
Georgia is not the object of this exercise , Georgia is the host of this exercise like Armenia was the year before , " Nato spokesman James Appathurai told BBC World Service .
" The Russians can portray it the way they want ...
They 're not the only ones to misuse this exercise for political purposes .
" I can tell you the secretary - general has spoken to the leadership in Georgia to express his concern that they also are misusing this exercise for political purposes . "
Armenia , Kazakhstan , Serbia and Moldova - Russian allies which had been invited by Nato to participate in the Georgian manoeuvres - have all pulled out .
Unstable country Nato has promised eventual membership to Georgia , but has given it no target date for entry .
Russia is vehemently opposed to Georgian membership .
The mutiny on Tuesday in Georgia is likely to reinforce in the minds of many Nato members that now is not the time to commit the alliance to the defence of such an unstable country , says the BBC 's world affairs correspondent Paul Reynolds .
The rebellion erupted on Tuesday morning , when soldiers at a tank battalion began disobeying orders , Georgian officials said .
" The plan was to stage a large - scale mutiny in Tbilisi and to take steps against the sovereignty of Georgia and the Georgian government 's European and Euro - Atlantic integration , " said President Mikhail Saakashvili .
The interior ministry had earlier said it was part of a Russian - linked coup attempt to kill the president - an allegation described by Russia 's envoy to Nato as " mad " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For more information , call the special media telephone line :
+41 22 791 5000
E-mail :
flumedia@who.int
BUENOS AIRES -- Argentina is gearing up precautionary measures against swine flu just as it struggles with another public - health crisis : an outbreak of mosquito - borne dengue fever .
The government says in recent months more than 20,000 people have been diagnosed with dengue -- which causes a severe flu - like illness -- and five people have died from complications brought on by the disease .
Health ...
TEHRAN , Iran ( CNN ) --
The Iranian government has blocked access to the social networking site Facebook amid political jockeying for the June 12 presidential elections , according to the semi-official Iranian Labour News Agency .
Opponents of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad like Mir Hossein Mousavi are using technology to reach voters .
Reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi -- a former prime minister considered a threat to current hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad -- created a Facebook page for his campaign that has more than 5,000 supporters on the site .
Those attempting to visit Facebook received a message in Farsi saying , " Access to this site is not possible , " according to CNN personnel in Tehran .
ILNA reported the Masadiq Committee , made up of representatives from Iran 's intelligence ministry , judiciary and others had ordered the action .
After a few hours , the blockage was lifted , but was then reinstated , ILNA said .
No reason was given for the block .
" We are disappointed to learn of reports that users in Iran may not have access to Facebook , especially at a time when voters are turning to the Internet as a source of information about election candidates and their positions , " a Facebook spokesperson said in a statement .
" We believe that people around the world should be able to use Facebook to communicate and share information with their friends , family and co-workers .
It is always a shame when a country 's cultural and political concerns lead to limits being placed on the opportunity for sharing and expression that the Internet provides . "
Ahmadinejad 's challengers are increasingly turning to new technology to spread their message , according to a May 13 article in the Financial Times newspaper .
Iran 's population -- estimated at more than 66 million by July 2009 , according to the CIA World Factbook -- has a median age of 27 .
The Financial Times , which put the country 's population at 70 million , said 47 million Iranians have cell phones and 21 million have Internet access .
" We are using new technologies because they have the capacity to be multiplied by people themselves who can forward Bluetooth , e-mails and text messages and invite more supporters on Facebook , " Behzad Mortazavi , head of Mousavi 's campaign committee , told the Financial Times .
At a Mousavi rally at a stadium Saturday , the Facebook blockage was a topic of conversation among reporters .
Many said they had accessed Facebook on Friday night and believe the site was blocked Saturday morning .
All About Mahmoud Ahmadinejad • Facebook Inc. • Iran
A religious leader charged with polygamy in Bountiful , B.C. , wants a court order instructing the government to drop charges against him unless it is willing to pay his legal costs .
Lawyer Joseph Arvay , acting on behalf of Winston Blackmore , filed a 10 - page application in BC Supreme Court Friday .
The application asks that the charge laid in January be set aside .
Blackmore , a sect leader in the southeast B.C. community of Bountiful , is accused of having 19 wives .
He openly admits to having numerous wives and dozens of children but has said the community abhors sexual abuse of children .
But if the court declines to stay the charge , Arvay 's application says his client will ask again to stay the charge -- unless certain conditions are met .
Those conditions include that the Crown agrees to pay for legal fees for Blackmore to allow him to retain a legal team of counsel of his choice .
The application also asks that the legal fees be paid at the same rates as those paid to the Special Prosecutor appointed in the case .
No date for the court hearing has been set .
In February , B.C. 's Civil Liberties Association called for the Crown to drop the polygamy charges against Blackmore , saying the case against him would fail in court .
The association says it has long been concerned about allegations of child abuse and sexual interference sometimes said to be connected to polygamy , but says going ahead with the court case is ill advised .
Bountiful is located in Creston Valley , near Cranbrook and Creston .
The polygamist community lives in a commune - style compound outside of Lister .
More than 800 people reside in Bountiful -- allegedly descended from half a dozen men .
The sect is a breakaway offshoot of the Mormon Church , which renounced polygamy more than a century ago .
However , Blackmore has refused in previous interviews to discuss allegations that teenaged girls in the community marry older men or that others are sent to polygamous groups in the United States .
With files from The Canadian Press
Baby Meerkats were presented yesterday to the press at the London Zoo .
The youngsters , Lia and Roo , were abandoned by their mother and are now cared for by keeper Suzi Hyde , who look after the duo day and night .
Photos by Jenny Duval .
Zookeepers took the Zoo ’s latest additions , sisters Lia and Roo , into their care after their mother abandoned them .
The motherless youngsters soon got a new mummy in the guise of zookeeper Suzi Hyde , who has been caring for the duo day and night .
At first Suzi bottle fed the pair every two hours day and night , but has now reduced this to every four and the pair are thriving .
Keepers are now taking it in turns to feed the youngsters so that they do n’t become too attached to Suzi and will take food from other keepers too .
Suzi said : " They are doing very well ; at first it was quite difficult getting up with them every few hours but now they are developing their own little personalities .
" Like any sisters they are very different ; Lia is much more laid back than Roo , who is very mischievous and wants to play all the time - she has even started to stand up on her hind legs trying to do the famous meerkat ' lookout pose ' . "
As the playful pair grow up they will be joining the Zoo ’s Animals in Action demonstration where visitors can meet and learn more about the different species at ZSL London Zoo .
A “ Buffy ” Movie without Joss Whedon ?
I will simply state that I am not in favor of this idea .
But , I am self aware enough to admit that I am not an unbiased observer and am probably unable to render an wholly objective opinion on the subject .
That is why I will gladly leave it up to you to read through this copious amount of bipartisan material :
… then deliver judgment on the matter in the comments .
Now since I ’m not commenting on whether or not it ’s a good idea ( it ’s a fraking terrible idea ) , I do want to delve into the reasons why this issue has surfaced .
The company that owns the film rights to the Buffster ( which is NOT Mutant Enemy ) is probably represeted by people that A ) have eyes B ) have wallets and C ) desire to fill said wallets with something other than coleslaw … let ’s say money .
So they can undoubtably see that the nation ’s youth is going through a “ vampire phase ” brought on by the “ Twilight ” series of books and movies .
They think , “ Kids like the vampires and we have a vampire property ripe for rebootification ! ”
What they may not realize is that “ Twilight ” borrows so heavily from “ Buffy ” that to remake “ Buffy ” based on the success of “ Twilight ” is like remaking “ Teen Wolf ” based on the success of “ Teen Wolf Too . ”
It ’s a fucking paradox .
Buffy would be its own grandpa !
The snake would eat its own tail and eventually shit out its own face !
I think my metaphor got a little out of hand , but you get the idea .
A " perfect storm " of food shortages , scarce water and high - cost energy will hit the global economy before 2030 , said the government 's chief scientific adviser , John Beddington , last week .
Factor in accelerating climate change and this lethal cocktail leads to public unrest , cross - border conflict and mass migration – in other words , an economic and political collapse that will make today 's economic recession seem very tame indeed .
But though I totally agree with John Beddington 's analysis , I think he 's got the timing wrong .
This " perfect storm " will hit much closer to 2020 than 2030 .
It may seem inappropriate – callous even , with unemployment at the two million mark in the UK – to be inviting people to get worked up about some possible economic collapse in the future .
But if we are to avoid that ultimate recession , from which there will be no conventional recovery in a normal boom - and - bust cycle , then we have to start thinking about today 's recession in a completely different way .
Both in terms of our analysis of underlying causes and appropriate remedies .
On the analysis front , people seem blind to the fact that the causes of the economic collapse are exactly the same as those behind today 's ecological crisis – and behind accelerating climate change in particular .
As Adair Turner 's first report as chair of the Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) demonstrates , the neo-liberal obsession with deregulation has done untold damage to capital markets .
But people should understand that the same deregulatory fervour has caused untold damage to the natural environment , all around the world , for the past 20 years or more .
It 's exactly the same when one looks at the unholy trinity that has made today 's capital markets so spuriously dynamic : mispricing of risk , misallocation of capital , and misalignment of incentives .
Catastrophic impacts on markets ; catastrophic impacts on the environment .
And then there 's the debt issue .
Governments have systematically stoked up levels of personal and national debt ( including insane asset bubbles in housing , land and property ) explicitly to force - feed high levels of economic growth .
We will all be paying off those financial debts for decades to come .
On the environment front , as our financial debts have built up , so have our debts to nature – in terms of the unsustainable depletion of natural resources , measured by the loss of topsoil , forests , fresh water and biodiversity .
Everybody knows that liquidating capital assets to fuel consumption is crazy but nobody seems to know how to stop it .
There is a simple conclusion here : the self - same abuses of debt - driven " casino capitalism " that have caused the global economy to collapse are what lie behind the impending collapse of the life - support systems on which we all ultimately depend .
As regards appropriate remedies , the link between today 's recession and the perfect storm that awaits us in 2020 / 30 could n't be clearer : sort out today 's calamity by investing in infrastructure and technologies to help avoid tomorrow 's infinitely worse calamity .
In other words , a massive " green recovery package " along the lines we are now seeing in the US , South Korea and other European countries , focusing on energy efficiency , renewables , smart energy grids , new transportation solutions and so on .
The government is sort of interested in this , with lots of very eloquent words about a new low - carbon industrial strategy .
But as the Sustainable Development Commission has pointed out , the percentage of the total recovery - based expenditure devoted in the UK to this kind of " sustainable new deal " to date is derisory .
It 's about 7 % as opposed to 80 % in South Korea , for instance .
We simply have to ensure that the unsustainable elements in today 's recovery package ( such as the useless VAT giveaway ) do not overwhelm the low - carbon , sustainable elements .
But the commission has gone even further than this by raising the whole issue of economic growth .
Is it possible to avoid the " ultimate recession " if all we are doing is trying to get back as fast as possible to the same old " economic growth at all costs " ?
In a report to be published next week ( provocatively entitled Prosperity without growth ? ) , the SDC urges politicians of all parties to get serious about the very real limits to growth we 're running up against today – both social and environmental .
Politicians serve us ill by disconnecting their policies for economic recovery from what has to happen very urgently indeed if we are to avoid the horrors of accelerating climate change and the kind of " perfect storm " that the chief scientific adviser is flagging up as inevitable – unless we fundamentally change the rules of the growth game .
• Jonathon Porritt is founder director of Forum for the Future and author of Living Within Our Means : Avoiding the Ultimate Recession .
He is also chairman of the UK Sustainable Development Commission .
T - mobile customers are awakening this morning to reports that hacker / extortionists have victimized the cellular carrier through a massive network breach resulting in the theft of untold amounts of corporate and customer data , which they 're threatening to sell to the highest bidder .
T- Mobile says it is investigating .
( Tuesday update : T - Mobile says fear not . )
There is also speculation among observers online that the incident , which became public Saturday , could be a hoax .
I have an inquiry in to T - Mobile 's public relations department this morning .
Secure Channel blogger Larry Walsh reports receiving this response from the company over the weekend :
" The protection of our customers ' information , and the safety and security of our systems , is absolutely paramount at T - Mobile .
Regarding the recent claim , we are fully investigating the matter .
As is our standard practice , if there is any evidence that customer information has been compromised , we would inform those affected as soon as possible . "
The extortion threat was reportedly sent to the Full Disclosure mailing list and is posted at Insecure.org .
It includes data purportedly stolen from T - Mobile 's network and reads :
Like Checkpoint Tmobile has been owned for some time .
We have everything , their databases , confidental documents , scripts and programs from their servers , financial documents up to 2009 .
We already contacted with their competitors and they did n't show interest in buying their data - probably because the mails got to the wrong people - so now we are offering them for the highest bidder .
Australian security firm Sunnet Beskerming offers this analysis on its blog :
Claims have been made by an unknown party that they have compromised the US cellular network carrier T - Mobile and have managed to extract all of the corporate data , including databases , confidential documents , scripts and programs from company servers and full financial data up to the present time .
Issuing the public announcement over a weekend means that it is going to take some time for T - Mobile to investigate the claims and make a formal statement , but already there are elements which suggest scam , and some which suggest that the material is legitimate .
Leaning towards scam is the claimed ignorance by T - Mobile 's competitors when they were approached with the data the hackers claim to have .
This might just be that the hackers relied upon emails to reach the competitors , and with the email address pwnmobile@ ... they were likely to end up in the spam bin before anyone would be able to see the material on offer .
There are better ways to reach people than through unsolicited email , but there are increased risks with taking this approach .
Slashdot has reported the claim and its readers there are discussing the possibilities and ramifications here .
Same at Twitter .
( Disclosure : I was until recently a T - Mobile customer . )
( Update : One data - breach expert says he believes the reported network intrusion may prove to have been real , despite questions he has about how the hackers say they went about their business .
" I suppose it 's possible that this is the real deal , " says Kelly Todd , secretary / CCO of the Open Security Foundation , which maintains the DataLossDB .
" The list provided in the F - D post looks like a legitimate document ( to my eyes , anyway ) but offering the info to T - Mobile competitors directly seems somewhat stupid ; if they were good enough to get into T - Mobile , why not use one of the seemingly gazillion black markets out there to minimize the risk of getting caught ? " )
( Update 2 , 3:30 p.m. : Just got an e-mail from T - Mobile public relations with the same statement you see above , nothing more . )
The international movement to boycott Israel has gained irrepressible momentum .
( Mushir Abdelrahman / MaanImages )
UK
Almost 30 years later it seems that all these filters and cataracts have been removed .
The magnitude of the ethnic cleansing of 1948 is well known , the suffering of the people in the occupied territories recorded and described even by the US president as unbearable and inhuman .
In a similar way , the destruction and depopulation of the greater Jerusalem area is noted daily and the racist nature of the policies towards the Palestinians in Israel are frequently rebuked and condemned .
The reality today in 2009 is described by the UN as “ a human catastrophe . ”
The conscious and conscientious sections of British society know very well who caused and who produced this catastrophe .
This is not related any more to elusive circumstances , or to the “ conflict ” — it is seen clearly as the outcome of Israeli policies throughout the years .
When Archbishop Desmond Tutu was asked for his reaction to what he saw in the occupied territories , he noted sadly that it was worse than apartheid .
He should know .
As in the case of South Africa , these decent people , either as individuals or as members of organizations , voice their outrage against the continued oppression , colonization , ethnic cleansing and starvation in Palestine .
They are looking for ways of showing their protest and some even hope convince their government to change its old policy of indifference and inaction in the face of the continued destruction of Palestine and the Palestinians .
Many among them are Jews , as these atrocities are done in their name according to the logic of the Zionist ideology , and quite a few among them are veterans of previous civil struggles in this country for similar causes all over the world .
They are not confined any more to one political party and they come from all walks of life .
So far the British government is not moved .
It was also passive when the anti-apartheid movement in this country demanded of it to impose sanctions on South Africa .
It took several decades for that activism from below to reach the political top .
It takes longer in the case of Palestine : guilt about the Holocaust , distorted historical narratives and contemporary misrepresentation of Israel as a democracy seeking peace and the Palestinians as eternal Islamic terrorists blocked the flow of the popular impulse .
But it is beginning to find its way and presence , despite the continued accusation of any such demand as being anti-Semitic and the demonization of Islam and Arabs .
The third sector , that important link between civilians and government agencies , has shown us the way .
One trade union after the other , one professional group after the other , have all sent recently a clear message : enough is enough .
It is done in the name of decency , human morality and basic civil commitment not to remain idle in the face of atrocities of the kind Israel has and still is committing against the Palestinian people .
In the last eight years the Israeli criminal policy escalated , and the Palestinian activists were seeking new means to confront it .
They have tried it all , armed struggle , guerrilla warfare , terrorism and diplomacy : nothing worked .
And yet they are not giving up and now they are proposing a nonviolent strategy — that of boycott , sanctions and divestment .
With these means they wish to persuade Western governments to save not only them , but ironically also the Jews in Israel from an imminent catastrophe and bloodshed .
This strategy bred the call for cultural boycott of Israel .
This demand is voiced by every part of the Palestinian existence : by the civil society under occupation and by Palestinians in Israel .
It is supported by the Palestinian refugees and is led by members of the Palestinian exile communities .
It came in the right moment and gave individuals and organizations in the UK a way to express their disgust at the Israeli policies and at the same time an avenue for participating in the overall pressure on the government to change its policy of providing immunity for the impunity on the ground .
It is bewildering that this shift of public opinion has had no impact so far on policy ; but again we are reminded of the tortuous way the campaign against apartheid had to go before it became a policy .
It is also worth remembering that two brave women in Dublin , toiling on the cashiers in a local supermarket , were the ones who began a huge movement of change by refusing to sell South African goods .
Twenty - nine years later , Britain joined others in imposing sanctions on apartheid .
So while governments hesitate for cynical reasons , out of fear of being accused of anti-Semitism or maybe due to Islamophobic inhibitions , citizens and activists do their utmost , symbolically and physically , to inform , protest and demand .
They have a more organized campaign , that of the cultural boycott , or they can join their unions in the coordinated policy of pressure .
They can also use their name or fame for indicating to us all , that decent people in this world cannot support what Israel does and what it stands for .
They do not know whether their action will make an immediate change or they would be so lucky as to see change in their lifetime .
But in their own personal book of who they are and what they did in life and in the harsh eye of historical assessment they would be counted in with all those who did not remain indifferent when inhumanity raged under the guise of democracy in their own countries or elsewhere .
On the other hand , citizens in this country , especially famous ones , who continue to broadcast , quite often out of ignorance or out of more sinister reasons , the fable of Israel as a cultured Western society or as the “ only democracy in the Middle East ” are not only wrong factually .
They provide immunity for one of the greatest atrocities in our time .
Some of them demand we should leave culture out of our political actions .
This approach to Israeli culture and academia as separate entities from the army , the occupation and the destruction is morally corrupt and logically defunct .
Eventually , one day the outrage from below , including in Israel itself , will produce a new policy — the present US administration is already showing early signs of it .
History did not look kindly at those filmmakers who collaborated with US Senator Joseph McCarthy in the 1950s or endorsed apartheid .
It would adopt a similar attitude to those who are silent about Palestine now .
A good case in point unfolded last month in Edinburgh .
Filmmaker Ken Loach led a campaign against the official and financial connections the city ’s film festival had with the Israeli embassy .
Such a stance was meant to send a message that this embassy represents not only the filmmakers of Israel but also its generals who massacred the people of Gaza , its tormentors who torture Palestinians in jails , its judges who sent 10,000 Palestinians — half of them children — without trial to prison , its racist mayors who want to expel Arabs from their cities , its architects who built walls and fences to enclave people and prevent them from reaching their fields , schools , cinemas and offices and its politicians who strategize yet again how to complete the ethnic cleansing of Palestine they began in 1948 .
Ken Loach felt that only a call for boycotting the festival as whole would bring its directors into a moral sense and perspective .
He was right ; it did , because the case is so clear - cut and the action so simple and pure .
It is not surprising that a counter voice was heard .
This is an ongoing struggle and would not be won easily .
As I write these words , we commemorate the 42nd year of the Israeli occupation — the longest , and one of the cruelest in modern times .
But time has also produced the lucidity needed for such decisions .
This is why Ken ’s action was immediately effective ; next time even this would not be necessary .
One of his critics tried to point to the fact that people in Israel like Ken ’s films , so this was a kind of ingratitude .
I can assure this critic that those of us in Israel who watch Ken ’s movies are also those who salute him for his bravery and unlike this critic we do not think of this an act similar to a call for Israel ’s destruction , but rather the only way of saving Jews and Arabs living there .
But it is difficult anyway to take such criticism seriously when it is accompanied by description of the Palestinians as a terrorist entity and Israel as a democracy like Britain .
Most of us in the UK have moved far away from this propagandist silliness and are ready for change .
We are now waiting for the government of these isles to follow suit .
Ilan Pappe is chair in the Department of History at the University of Exeter .
This essay was originally published by pulsemedia.org and is republished with the author ’s permission .
It would seem that anyone who likes Beyonce Knowles is dumb , well , that ’s according to a study in the US !
Beyonce
Admirers of Mrs Jay - Z singer have been emerged as the second dumbest music fans in a ' Music That Makes You Dumb ' study in the US , which compared students SAT results with their favourite music .
It was US rapper Lil Wayne whose fans scored a lower average in their SAT tests according to the poll , while classical fans scored higher than anyone else , whilst indie boys and girls were found to have above average intelligence with fans of bands like Radiohead , Counting Crows and U2 scoring highly in their SATs .
Virgil Griffin , the creator of the ' Music That Makes You Dumb ' study and its accompanying website , said : " I 've listened to artists and afterwards thought to myself , ' Wow ... loving this rubbish says a lot about someone and how much they 've got going on in their head . '
Although the results put mainly urban artists at the bottom , fans of rock bands such as Aerosmith , Nickelback and The Used all scored low in the graph ; however , that said , look at me , I love that stuff .
Okay , point taken .
FemaleFirst - Ruth Harrison
Billionaire , thrice - failed gubernatorial candidate , and recent self - proclaimed tax emigrant to Florida Tom " The Golem " Golisano , seen here in an unflattering , apparently stone likeness , is just one of the hilarious players in the summer - stock production of Putsch !
currently being played in that hotbed of hilarity , the New York State Senate .
" Tragedy tomorrow , comedy tonight . "
-- from the famous opening number of the classic Larry Gelbart - Stephen Sondheim musical A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum ( the first show for which Sondheim provided music as well as lyrics )
by Ken
a
majority
can
THE GOLISANO FACTOR
COMIC FOOTNOTE : A WORKABLE DEMOCRATIC
SENATE
MAJORITY WAS ATTAINABLE IN NOVEMBER
#
With our NYS Legislature , by contrast , it 's comedy 24/7 !
So , who could have foreseen , right ?
I mean , the way a " coalition " of New York State Senate Republicans and a couple of nominal Democrats -- people you would by and large do your darnedest to avoid allowing in your home -- wrested control of the Senate from the iron grip of Majority Leader Malcolm Smith , thus ending his and the Democrats ' five - month tenure as Senate majority party .
Or maybe they did n't .
( The Dems say the Senate was adjourned before the vote that either did or did n't take place , depending on your viewpoint , and in the best of comedy stylings , the joint is now locked tight , with the keys in the Dems ' possession of either the Senate secretary or the sergeant - at - arms , like as if it was theclubhouse , while presumably all the players are running frantically to , and trying to break down the doors of , the judges of their choice .
Quite a shocker , eh ?
Well , maybe not so much .
Yesterday 's putsch in Albany may have been " unexpected " in the sense that nobody except the conspirators led by briefly former and apparently soon - to - be once - again Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos knew it was going to happen .
After all , as the breathless local news talking heads were pointing out in their pop-eyed accounts , most everyone expected that that the Senate was going to be accomplishing its current paper - shuffling standard yesterday , which is to say zilch , as the Legislature counts down the last two weeks of the current session .
Oh , it 's not that there 's nothing to be done .
There 's a nasty list of things thatto be done by recess ( but probably wo n't be ) , and then an assortment of lists of thingsby various parties to be done ( expected to suffer a similar fate ) .
But basically where approximately where we were six or seven months ago .
So , in short , pretty much the last thing any of us were expecting was newsfrom our beloved , gridlocked Senate .
But in reality this has been staring us in the face ever since the Dems won " control " ( ha ! ) of the Senate in November , by a tenuous 32 - 30 margin that 's a good deal wispier than it sounds , for the first time since the LBJ presidential landslide year of 1964 Essentially we 're back where we were in December .
As you may recall , barely had the election smoke cleared -- with one Senate contest , for the Queens seat being defended by incumbent GOP Sen .
Frank Padavan , still undecided -- than it became clear that the Senate Democrats , after all those decades as a permanent minority , did n't face a smooth transition into the majority .
Suddenly there was a Gang of Four or Maybe Three -- Democratic state senators , including one who had only just been elected -- threatening to refuse to vote with their fellow Democrats unless , unless . . . well , it 's never been clear what they wanted .
It was widely assumed that the key bone of contention , orkey , was opposition to same - sex marriage , and there 's no question that this is a big issue to the socially extremely conservative Sen.
Ruben Diaz Sr. of the Bronx , who is an ardently anti-choice Democrat ( and emphatically not to be confused with his progressive son , Bronx Borough President Ruben Diaz Jr. ) .
But the issue does n't seem to resonate much with the others .
Pedro Espada Jr. does n't seem to have much history on the issue .
He 's more known for a history of dubious financial dealings that 's outsize even by forgiving Bronx - pol standards .
Espada in fact was actually negotiatintg a deal with Malcolm Smith , repudiated when it became public , that among other goodies would , astonishingly , have vaulted him to the position of Senate president pro tempore -- a dream that rechristened GOP Majority Leader in fact delivered on yesterday in a flurry of post - putsch activity .
The word generally heard about Espada is that he has ties ( financial , one would presume ) to landlord interests , which are always in play when it comes time for the Legislature to consider renewal of rent regulation laws .
There 's no question that a Republican - controlled Senate is a happier playing filed for landlords .
And at least on paper the just - elected Hiram Monserrate of Queens , who quickly backed down from the uprising rumblings , reducing the Gang from Four to Three .
is a textbook progressive .
But then , Senator Monserrate has other , er , issues , centering around an incident with a girlfriend .
He was , as Wikipedia puts it , " arrested on December 19 , 2008 and accused of slashing Karla Giraldo in the face with a broken drinking glass during an argument in his Jackson Heights apartment . "
And in fact it was n't that long ago that the Republicans were opposing seating their future " coalition " mate Monserrate at all .
Complicating matters for the senator , in March a Queens grand jury indicted him on three counts of felony assault and three counts of misdemeanor assault .
Word is that his conversion to coalitionism is going to win him some much - needed funding for his defense .
Finally there 's my favorite of the bunch : Carl Kruger of Brooklyn , whose sole known governing principle appears to be :
What 's good for Carl Kruger is good for Carl Kruger .
In 2007 Kruger became the first minority - party member in NYS Senate history to be appointed chairman of a committee , and even though Kruger does not appear to have participated in yesterday 's coup , it 's reported that Skelos has assured our Carl that he will retain his committee chairmanship under the new " coalition " command .
From the evident ethnicity of three of the four , it 's not surprising that there was talk of Hispanic resentment at disrespect from the Democratic conference leadership .
One wants to be sensitive here , but what possible respect could be shown to people like this ?
The only discernible thread that joins these Democratic " rebels " is an especially shameless concern for the traditional NYS Leg question " What 's in it for me ? "
But there 's a way of doing it that crosses the line into tacky , like when a bribe - giver hands out bare fistfuls of cash rather than taking the trouble to stuff the loot in an envelope that slides easily into the pocket .
Now there 's class .
Here it 's well to remember those decades of permanent - minority status Democratic senators suffered .
As I 've written before , there was little enough forsenators to do , since traditionally all their thinking was done for them by their majority leader .
But at least they had all those perks of the majority to occupy their attention and help instill a modicum of , um , dignity .
In New York 's system , there is a raging disproportion between majority and minority loot , which is how the two major parties came to carve up the Legislature after that brief experience of Democratic Senate rule in 1965 .
The biggest , most intractable disagreement between the parties back then was reapportionment .
With each party unwilling the forego the opportunity to pamper itself and screw the opposition , the two houses had still not been able to agree on a judicially acceptable redistricting plan .
With a view to future census - driven redistrictring , the legislative leaders finally hammered out the only compromise they could think of .
Knowing that both houses ' approval would always be needed for any future reapportionament plan -- that is , assuming that the courts would allow the Legislature to perform the task -- they ceded one house to each party , the often Democratic Assembly to the Dems and the normally Republican Senate to the GOP .
I do n't know that any formal document was ever drawn , but the brazen understanding was that the parties would n't contest each other 's sitting members .
It 's this agreement that then - Gov. Eliot Spitzer threw over , choosing as part of his battle plan an active challenge to the shrinking Republican Senate majority .
Of course the governor was n't around to take advantage of the result , but then , even before his " difficulties " there was plenty of evidence that his " steamroller " approach was n't exactly winning friends or influencing people of either party in the Legislature , and I 'm not at all sure that he would have succeeded any better than his successor , Govenor Paterson , has managed to do in nurturing the new Senate majority .
Because , especially where there is no history of conference leadership or loyalty , whatyou do about people like Espada and Monserrate and Kruger and Diaz ?
And this is where one wonders where the Senate Democrats , who declared yesterday that they 're " going to the mattresses " over the Republican seizure of control of the Senate , really plan to go ?
Presumably they can keep the Senate shut down for a day , maybe two .
But at some point , and I 'm guessing some point soon , is n't control of the chamber going to depend on who 's got the votes ?
One hears rumbling of " strategies " being applied to Espada and Monserrate , but really , what can they do ?
( The more immediate question for Monserrate would appear to be how long an accused felon can string out his tenure .
All the way to verdict ? )
Meanwhile the Republican - " led " leadership " coalition " is doing a lot of talking about ending the Senate 's five - month - long gridlock and even instituting much - need reforms .
It sounds crazy , but then , who knows ?
Maybe the state party , making what appears to be something close to a " last stand , " is so bereft of ideas that it 's prepared to gamble everything on the most desperate of gambits : good government .
Presumably Pedro Espada and Hiram Monserrate and maybe even Carl Kruger will vote for that .
I see that I 've left out of my narrative the role of one of the shadier sideshow attractions in recent New York State history , Tom " The Golem " Golisano .
Even back in the early days of the Gang of Four or Maybe Three , it now appears that the anti-leadership machinations were being facilitated if not actually orchestrated by one of the more repellent sideshow attractions in recent state political history .
Golisano , a payroll - processing billionaire , has made three failed races for governor , though each time drawing the minimum 50,000 votes to put his so - called Independence Party on state ballots for a while .
Like other extremely wealthy folk with too much time on their hands ,
Tom the Golem seems to have decided that he knows how to make government work .
Apparently Tom 's fingerprints are all over yesterday 's Senate coup .
Which makes one think that he may not have been not entirely serious in his not - long - ago renunciation of the Empire State in favor of Florida ( where he already had a residence ) , a loudly self - declared fugitive from tax policies he announced would cost him , as I recall , an additional $ 5 million .
By creepy coincidence , Gov. David Paterson has loudly opposed even modest tax increases on the rich as a way of closing the state 's terrifying budget gap , on the ground that this would cause an outward flight of the rich .
Putting the two together , one wonders if the rich person the governor had in mind was Tom the Golem .
As all of this were n't hilarious enough , to top it all off , as my colleague Debra Cooper has been pointing out since before the election , this did n't have to be .
Debra and some lonely - voiced colleagues in the NYS Democratic Party could be heard -- faintly -- screaming that there were several Senate races , including the oh - so - close Padavan seat in Queens , where Democratic pickups were within relatively easy reach .
Just the tiniest expenditure of party campaign money and manpower could well have brought those seats home .
However , virtually all state party campaign resources were being diverted , by order of the Obama campaign , to the presidential contest in Pennsylvania and other states -- manning phone banks and such .
Yes , the presidential race was important , and NYS Dems were eager and willing to pitch in wherever asked .
But it was n't the only game in town , the only job the state party had to do .
For Democrats who believe in the things that New York State Democrats do , there has been a high price to pay for the diversion of all those local campaign resources .
Thanks ,
Team Obama !
Labels : Carl Kruger , Gang of Four , Gang of Three , Golem , Hiram Monserrate , New York State Senate , Pedro Espada , Ruben Diaz Sr. , Tom Golisano , Two Amigos
Around Town The White House
By Marcus Gilmer in Miscellaneous on May 20 , 2009 4:00 PM
Things are rolling along at the Windy City White House these days and one of the coolest things we 've found is the White House 's official Flickr page .
For fans of the President , it offers a daily glimpse into the inner workings of the White House that have never been so readily available while opponents of the President will likely decry it as a propaganda move .
Either way , we enjoyed flipping through the photos and thought we 'd share a few of our favorites .
If a consumer on a cheaper PC running the " Standard " version tries to use a high - definition monitor or run more than three software programs at once , he 'll discover that neither is possible .
Then he 'll be prompted to upgrade to the pricier " Home Premium " or " Ultimate " version .
[ using a credit card and 25 character code ] .
... pricing has n't been determined , but upgrading " will cost less than a night out for four at a pizza restaurant .
I get the idea , because it's a play straight from the early 90s .
They get an OEM tax and then hit the customer for software that is less annoying .
OEMs that do n't do as they are told get taxed harder and M$ pretends they are price competitive with Free Software .
Right .
Who wants to feed their computer a credit card for basics like the OS and an Office suite when they can have Ubuntu on a netbook that costs less than $ 400 ?
It did not work for Vista and has even less chance of working now .
Corporate users should get their GNU / Linux migration plans in order before M$ collapses . "
An extensive report of the " From Dream to Reality " collective car design exhibition which took place in Teheran , Iran .
It presented many projects and works of young Iranian designers , including some new projects specifically developed in teams .
The collective concept car design exhibition titled " From Dream to Reality " took place from 18 to 23 April 2009 at the Kamal Aldin Behzad Gallery in Teheran , Iran .
The purpose of the event was to present the works and showcase the abilities of young Iranians graduated in Industrial and Transportation Design .
As Farzad Barkhordary , one of the organizers of the event , explains : " Given the great distance existing between Iran , the auto industry and the graduates in Car Design and Industrial Design , one main target of the exhibition is to create a more logical relationship between university and industry . "
The goal is to repeat the event every year , in order to showcase the developments in Iranian auto industry and design to automotive professionals and enthusiasts .
Participant designers included : Iman Maghsoudi , Farzad Barkhordary , Alireza Mohammdzade , Keyvan Naderi , Mohsen Jafari malek , Hossein Soleymani , Yaser Rashid Shomali , Mohammad Reza Shojaee , Hosein Amini - Yekta , Majid Razmi , Hamed Amini , Ali Reza Sahragard , Peyman Mardani , Amin Dahre Sobh , Mostafa Bonakdar , Kaveh Naser Bakht , Hesamaldin Jeddy , Mahdy Sadeghi Rad .
Among the works on display were free sketches , renderings and individual collections of university projects and other works .
In addition to this , three groups of designers organized in teams , each presenting a different project .
Below we report the three projects and an extensive selection from the works on display , divided by author .
See also the related image gallery with over 100 pictures .
Local - Motos SUV Concept
Team members : Iman Maghsoudi , Farzad Barkhordary , Mohammad Reza Shojaee .
The first team worked on a mid-engine super car , capable of carrying sports gear – such as Jet - Ski and mountain bikes – through passages in rough routes .
The design aims sport - oriented usage in Europe and U.S markets , for Local - Motors Company ( LM brand ) .
Local - car wasMotors SUV Concept Volvo Luxury Concept
Volvo Luxury Concept
Team members : Alireza Sahragard , Amin Dahre Sob , Yaser Rashi Shomali , Peyman Mardani .
The second team worked on the Volvo brand to design a luxury car .
Mini Concept
Team members : Keyvan Nader , Mohsen Ja’afari Malek , Kave Naser Bakht , Yaser Rashid Shomali .
The third team faces problems such as traffic and pollution , and looked for new solutions .
Initially focused on mini vehicels , the research resulted in three different projects , developed for Audi , Skoda and Renault .
Audi D7 Concept
Audi D7 by by Kave Naser Bakht
D7 is a super sports concept car with an electric engine in front .
Among the features areare the charging crack on the nose and light belts around the car which integrate the headlights and taillights while forming the shape typical of Audi ’s head lamps and grilles , thus making the car easily recognizable at night .
Renault Degan Concept
Renault Degan by Yaser Rashid Shomali
Skoda Concept
Mohsen Jafari Malek designed a multi-functional and convertible mini car based from Skoda products and brand design language .
Skoda Concept by Mohsen Jafari Malek
Image Gallery
The exhibition also included many sketches and renderings created by Iranian young designers .
Below we report a selection :
Farzad Barkhordary
Iman Maghsoudi
Digital renderings for the Local - Motors brand entity
Renault R1 Electric Super Sport Car Concept by Iman Maghsoudi
Hossein Amini Yekta
Jaguar CXJ Luxury Retro Design Car by Hossein Amini Yekta
Hossein Soleymani
Concept for Mercedes - Benz Retro Design Car
Keyvan Naderi
Ford iBuddy Multi-Function Concept
Renault Megane
Majid Razmi
The Miura - inspired Aggressive Hunter by Majid Razmi
Mahdi Sadeghi Rad
Others
Concept Solar Hybrid BMW by Mostafa Bonakdar Alfa Concept by Alireza Sahragard BMW 4 Series by Mohammadreza Shojaie
For more information about the exhibition and in order to contact the organizers , visit www.barkhordary.com.
( Image Courtesy : barkhordary.com )
View Transcript
Transcript
Dogbert the CEO Dogbert says , " We 're paying too much taxes .
Bring me a physicist and a tax attorney . "
Dogbert says , " I want to incorporate in another dimension .
Make it happen . "
Man says , " Somewhere in the multiverse it 's already done . "
Dogbert says , " I like you .
The lawyer guy is fired . "
OXON HILL , Maryland ( CNN ) -- Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele declared Tuesday that Republicans will no longer talk about their mistakes ; instead they will focus on the future and serve as the loyal opposition party to President Obama and the congressional Democratic majority .
RNC Chairman Michael Steele received a standing ovation at a party meeting Tuesday .
" The era of apologizing for Republican mistakes of the past is now officially over , " Steele told state Republican leaders meeting in a suburb of Washington to discuss the party 's political future .
" It is done .
The time for trying to fix or focus on the past has ended .
The era of Republican navel - gazing is over .
We have turned the corner on regret , recrimination , self - pity and self - doubt .
Now is the hour to focus all of our energies on winning the future . "
Steele , who had a rocky start in his first 100 - plus days in office , received a standing ovation when he took the stage .
It was a public boost in the arm for the chairman whose leadership of the national committee has been called into question by some of his fellow Republicans .
Steele sought to silence those critics by noting that since assuming the national committee chairmanship , he has traveled to 23 states meeting with grass - roots activists while turning a deaf ear to the talk in the nation 's capital .
" Too bad the chattering classes inside the Beltway are too busy fretting over phony disputes and intra-party intrigue to notice that a change has indeed come to America , " Steele said .
" But it 's not the one the Obama administration wants aired on the nightly news .
Watch more of Steele 's speech »
" Those of you who live outside of Washington know what I 'm talking about .
Those of you who actually attend Lincoln Day dinners and county party events , those of you who toil in the vineyards , spending time in communities , in diners , in barber shops and in coffee shops where real , everyday people can be found .
You know it is real .
You can see it and feel it .
This change comes in a tea bag . "
The tea reference was a nod to the rallies , which participants likened to the Boston Tea Party , that have taken place across the country to protest high taxes and call for smaller government .
Steele also made it clear that he thinks the revival of the Republican Party will come from outside the nation 's capital .
" Our comeback will not begin in Washington , " Steele said .
" Our conversation with America will not focus on Washington .
Our Republican National Committee will no longer rely on Washington .
We will look to the rest of America instead . "
Before the Republican Party launches an offensive , it must resolve the battle for control of what the party 's steering wheel .
Republicans were thrown into a self - examination process after losing control of the White House and additional seats in the House and Senate in the 2008 elections .
So far , 2009 has proved no better .
Republicans failed to win back a Democratic - held New York congressional seat despite having more registered GOP voters , Pennsylvania Sen .
Arlen Specter renounced his Republican affiliation to join the Democratic Party , and there has been a very public fight between centrists and social conservatives over what direction the GOP should head .
And then there has been the criticism of Steele , which an ally charged was not grounded in fact .
" A lot of Republicans said we needed a breath of fresh air , and I 'm one of those Republicans , " said Jim Greer , chairman of the Florida Republican Party .
" Michael Steele came into the chairmanship as a breath of fresh air : new leadership , new ideas .
The majority of Republicans in this country were looking for that .
Some of the leaders in this room were seeking it because he was elected chairman .
" At the end of the day , that breath of fresh air may not have been what some wanted .
They wanted to revisit the election .
I think the door is closed .
Michael Steele is here to stay as chairman of this party .
He is going to do great things for this party , and that 's what Republicans across this country want . "
Steele delivered a speech full of red meat , serving up heaping portions of criticism to leading Democrats such as House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , Rep. Barney Frank and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner .
The national committee chairman , though , saved his most scathing critique for Obama on issues ranging bailouts and banning guns to potentially taxing soft drinks .
" The last Democrat president declared that the era of big government was over , " Steele said .
" Can some [ one ] please send President Obama a copy of that memo ?
Because this new Democrat president has ushered in a new era of left - wing , old school , top - down , Industrial Age , bureaucratic big government the likes of which our country has never seen . "
The Democratic National Committee sharply rebuked Steele .
" While we welcome Chairman Steele 's words that the GOP wants to turn the page on its past , we are disheartened by the party 's actions that tell the opposite story , " said Democratic National Committee spokesman Hari Sevugan .
" While the chairman talks of moving forward , the very convention he 's addressing will not focus on coming up with new ideas to create jobs and setting right what the party got wrong over the last eight years , but instead will revolve around name - calling and the petty politics of the past . "
Though Steele said the Republican Party is now moving forward , he did acknowledge that national Republicans in recent years had compromised one of the party 's main principles , fiscal discipline , and failed to follow through on their pledge to change Washington .
" In some ways , we let Washington change us , and we owned up to that , " he said .
" We 've taken some important steps to recover our values and senses , and we can say we see the world with a clearer head and a sharper vision . "
The Republican National Committee meeting wraps up on Wednesday with a vote on a controversial resolution that calls on Democrats to rename their party the " Democrat Socialist Party . "
All About Michael S. Steele • Republican Party
dis my impreshun of u when u sitz on ur littr bocks .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
By Michael Bristow
BBC News , Beijing
Chinese and US ships have confronted each other in the South China Sea Defence officials from the United States and China are meeting in Beijing for two days of high - level talks .
They are expected to discuss several recent naval confrontations between the two countries in the South China Sea .
North Korea 's recent nuclear and missile tests - and how to react to them - will also be on the agenda .
Military relations between China and the US have been strained since last year because of the US sale of arms to Taiwan .
Sovereignty claim Michele Flournoy , the US under secretary of defence for policy , is leading the US delegation for the talks , set up in 1997 .
She will meet Lieutenant General Ma Xiaotian from the People 's Liberation Army , China 's armed forces .
One of the top concerns for the US team is the confrontations between ships from the two countries in the South China Sea .
Already this year , there have been a handful of incidents off China 's southern coast .
Just a few weeks ago , a Chinese submarine collided with sonar equipment being towed by the USS John S. McCain off Subic Bay in the Philippines .
China says that was an accident , but the US says it is worried about the increasing number of such incidents .
There is already a mechanism to deal with this kind of conflict .
" We would hope to reinvigorate those discussions so that we can make sure that we 're both operating in a safe and prudent manner , " said a US defence department spokesman before the US delegation arrived in Beijing .
China says the South China Sea , and its island chains , are part of its sovereign territory and it has previously complained about US naval activity in the region .
The Defence Consultative Talks between China and the US are usually held every year , although not last year .
Beijing suspended military ties between the two nations last October in protest at the US decision to sell $ 6.5 bn - worth of arms to Taiwan , an island China considers its own .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - A California judge on Monday threw out a $ 45 million false advertising lawsuit against online advertising company ValueClick Inc , in a decision that defense attorneys said could blunt the most aggressive state law regulating commercial email .
Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Richard Adler granted summary judgment in favor of ValueClick , its subsidiaries and co-defendant PrimaryAds Inc in the action brought last year by Internet service provider Hypertouch Inc under a state law barring false and misleading commercial emails .
Adler ruled that Hypertouch ’s claims -- that its customers were barraged by 45,000 emails containing false claims -- were preempted by the federal CAN - SPAM
Act because the company had not demonstrated actual fraud or deception by the defendants .
The state law prevails where plaintiffs allege and satisfy the elements of fraud , including intent .
“ Because plaintiffs cannot establish any of the traditional fraud elements for even a single asserted email , CAN - SPAM ’s preemption clause mandates dismissal of ( the ) claims , ” the judge write in an opinion filed on Monday .
Hypertouch ’s attorney , Lawrence Riff of Steptoe & Johnson LLP in Los Angeles , said the issue has been addressed by federal trial courts in California , Maryland and Washington that reached differing conclusions concerning preemption of state anti-spam statutes .
Although Hypertouch “ has taken no firm decision as to its next steps , I expect and look forward to seeking appellate review in the California court of appeal . ”
“ It is important to the people of California that the law be clarified , ” Riff said .
“ Judge Adler ’s carefully considered decision provides an excellent record for appellate review . ”
ValueClick ’s attorneys , Kevin Rosen and Ashlie Berenger of Gibson Dunn & Crutcher in Los Angeles , said the ruling , believed to be the first by a California court on anti-spam preemption , would be significant for commercial advertisers and companies that facilitate advertising across the nation .
“ The California statute has the most aggressive damages scheme of any state statute in the country ... and that ’s why plaintiffs have been focusing primarily on bringing claims ( here ) , ” Berenger said .
Hypertouch had accused the defendants of “ using spam email ads with fraudulent and misleading headers , often to randomly generated , harvested or stolen email addresses . ”
The case was Hypertouch v. ValueClick , LC081000 , in Los Angeles Superior Court .
I have been very lazy about keeping this blog up - to - date , partly because I ’ve had more freelancing to do ( great ! ) and partly because I ’ve been writing for Examiner.com ( it ’s fun to earn ten dollars a month for writing articles about celebrity health issues ) .
Anyway , today I offer two recipes , but neither is my own .
The first recipe is one I meant to make at Hanukkah , but did n’t get around to doing until two nights ago .
It is the amazingly delicious potato pancake recipe from … Simon and Garfunkel .
Yes .
Click through to Gothamist to read it and prepare it .
You will thank me later .
I substituted quinoa flour for regular wheat flour and added a teaspoon of xanthan gum , but otherwise , I obeyed the recipe , and made enough potato pancakes for dinner plus two lunches for our three - person family .
One reason that I made the latkes on Tuesday evening is that I planned to make broccoli on Wednesday evening .
Now , my daughter is pretty good about eating steamed broccoli with butter and sea salt , but that recipe is getting old , and I have been in search of something new .
I made a broccoli casserole from the Taste of Home Cookbook a week ago , and that went over pretty well , but it was n’t the smashing success I ’d hoped it would be .
( Basically , it involved mixing one raw egg with a pound of chopped broccoli and placing it in a Pyrex dish , then pouring melted butter on top , then sprinkling breadcrumbs on top of that , then baking it at 350 degrees for 20 minutes .
Nice , but not jazzy enough for a kid to eat more often than every other week . )
Anyway , I joked to my family that the latkes were a gift in preparation for the “ broccoli of our discontent , ” coming up on the following evening ’s menu .
I assumed they ’d each eat a few bites of whatever I prepared and call it a day .
Then I unearthed my copy of The Autism Cookbook by Susan K. Delaine .
This book aims to provide allergen - free , nutrient - dense recipes that kids will actually eat , and it generally succeeds .
If you like this recipe , you should consider buying the book , because it has all sorts of fun recipes in the same style as this one :
Whisk together 1 /2 cup of sesame oil ( substitute olive oil if sesame allergy is a problem in your house ) , 4 Tbsp of apple cider vinegar , 2 Tbsp of maple syrup , 1 tsp of ground ginger , and 1 tsp of sea salt .
Add 1 lb chopped broccoli ( I steamed mine first , but Ms. Delaine just washes hers and serves it raw ) and mix together .
Add 1 cup of dried cranberries and a shake of sesame seeds ( omit the sesame seeds if sesame allergy is a problem in your house ) and mix together .
Finish by adding crumbled , cooked bacon .
Yum !
My daughter had two helpings , and my husband and I each had three helpings .
Cruciferous vegetables like broccoli are rich in nutrients and are thought to reduce the risk of cancer .
In a recipe like this , though , all you notice is the great taste 🙂
I still think of this recipe as “ the broccoli of our discontent , ” but fondly , as my predictions proved completely erroneous .
Thanks for another great meal , Ms. Delaine !
[ In his new Intel sponsored feature , part of the Visual Computing section of Gamasutra , former Insomniac and current Intel staffer Orion Granatir introduces threading by comparing it to networking in games . ]
Prior to working at Intel , I worked on PlayStation 3 games at Insomniac Games .
Most of the work I did at Insomniac dealt with multiplayer network code .
When I came to Intel , I was able to focus on threading , eventually realizing that threading and network programming are similar in several ways .
It can be a challenge to understand threading .
Using network programming as a comparison , this article intends to give you an introduction to threading so that by the end you will understand the basics of threading in a Microsoft Windows environment .
Why Thread ?
Why thread ?
That 's a good question .
Why put up with all the challenges that come with threading an application ?
In the past , CPUs saw consistent performance gains because of the increases in frequency .
In modern microprocessors , however , this frequency gain is marginal , and most performance benefits come from an increased number of cores .
Having more cores means the CPU can do more things at the same time .
To maximize performance and features , an application needs to fully utilize the CPU -- and that means threading !
Imagine you want to update the artificial intelligence ( AI ) for a group of monsters in your game .
If you have only one core , all of those monsters will need to be processed in order .
However , if you have multiple cores , you can process several monsters at the same time .
More cores , and therefore more threads , means you can have more monsters in your game .
Huzzah !
Threads Are Like Clients
Threads are surprisingly similar to clients , but better .
Clients are separate machines that all work and process independently .
Like clients , cores all work separately and can process independent work .
However , cores do n't have to communicate over the slow and scary interwebs .
Also , cores can quickly share data and will never lag out .
So what exactly is a thread ?
A thread is a series of instructions executed to complete a task .
Each process can have multiple threads .
Threads share the memory and resources within a process .
Just like clients , threads can work independently .
Here is a process with one thread :
A process can have multiple threads :
Okay , let 's see some code .
This example creates four threads : one main thread and three threads that run the PrintLetter function .
CreateThread spawns a new thread .
You tell it which function to run and pass it any associated data .
In this example the three threads run in a loop .
The first thread prints ' C ' , the second prints ' A ' , and the third prints ' T ' .
The main thread will continue to run and do its own work .
Since all threads are running at the same time your output will be a seemingly random combination of ' C ' , ' A ' , and ' T ' .
( Note : Review was done as part of our consulting practice , but is totally independent and fully reflects our opinion )
I had a chance to take look TokuDB ( the name of the Tokutek storage engine ) , and run some benchmarks .
Tuning of TokuDB is much easier than InnoDB , there only few parameters to change , and actually out - of - box things running pretty well .
There are some rumors circulating that TokuDB is â€ .. only an in memory or read - only engine , and that ’s why inserts are so fastâ€ .
This is not actually the case , as TokuDB is a disk - based , read - write transactional storage engine that is based on special â€œfractal tree indexesâ€ .
Fractal
Trees are a drop - in - replacement for a B - tree ( based on current research in data structures by professors at Stony Brook , Rutgers , and MIT ) .
I ca n’t say exactly how it is improved , because the engine itself is closed source .
Along with its â€œfractal tree indexesâ€ , TokuDB also uses compression , which significantly ( Graph 1 ) reduces dataset and decreases the amount of IO operations .
The benefit of small size is also that TokuDB can keep in memory much more records then InnoDB / MyISAM .
Actually in internal cache records are stored in uncompressed form , but OS Cache can keep compressed pages in memory .
For the data set we tested , TokuDB used 6.2 x less disk space than InnoDB , and 5.5 x less disk space than MyISAM .
For tests I used Dell PowerEdge R900 , with RAID 10 on 8 disks ( 2.5 ″ SAS disks , 15 K RPMS ) and 32 GB of physical RAM , but restricted on kernel level to 4GB to emulate case B - Tree does not fit into memory .
As benchmark software I tried iiBench , which you can take there https://launchpad.net/mysql-patch/mytools
What makes fractal indexes so interesting is the amount of IO operations to update index tree is significantly less than for usual B - Tree index .
It ’s as if Fractal Trees turn random IO into sequential IO .
This is why you see the results that you do in iiBench test ( Graph 2 ) , and the number of inserts / sec is almost linear even when table size bigger than available memory .
For the last 10 M rows inserted , InnoDB averaged 1,555 rows / sec while TokuDB averaged 16,437 rows / sec – about 10.6 x faster .
One consequence of having such fast indexes , is that you can maintain a richer set of indexes at a given incoming data rate , enabling much higher query performance .
Beside iiBench we run benchmarks of SELECT queries again one of our click analyzing schema , in two modes – 1 . data size is much more then memory and 2 . data fits into memory .
As you see in IO - bound case TokuDB outperforms InnoDB 1.4-2.5 x times , but CPU - bound is not so good .
I think there we meet one of current restrictions of TokuDB – SERIALIZABLE isolation level for transactions .
Speaking about restrictions , the current problems I see are :
– Transactions only support the SERIALIZABLE isolation level .
Beside it TokuDB does not scale well on multi-cores even in only SELECT queries .
What this practically means it that you ca n’t get benefit of multi- core boxes running concurrent threads .
Tokutek plans to fix this in one of the next releases .
– We did not tested wide range of queries , but by design expect there may be not good results for some kind of queries , i.e. point select queries , as in this case TokuDB has to read and decompress big portion of data .
– Despite Inserts and Deletes are fast , updates are not expected to show the same performance gain , as to update we need to read data , and in this case – read previous comment .
– The version we tested did not yet support recovery logs .
The code for it is ready , and will be available in a release soon .
– The ways to do a backup is mysqldump / mysqlhotcopy .
It is not fully transparent backup , as it applied TABLE LOCK on copying table .
When recovery logs are supported , I guess it will be possible to run LVM backup .
Actually I would say backup is only partially the problem of storage engine .
The biggest problem is that MySQL does not yet provide an interface for that .
This is going to be fixed in MySQL 6.0 , but I ca n’t yet say how it will work with mix of storage engines .
– The Tokutek engine I tested comes in binary form and mysqld binary does not contain InnoDB .
Tokutek tells me that InnoDB will be included in a future release .
With all the given advantages and drawbacks , I see a good practical usage of TokuDB for log analyzing and log reporting queries .
By log analyzing I mean any kind of log producing application , it can be from simple apache logs put into mysql , application performance logs to more complex log like clicks , user movements and actions on site , visits tracking etc .
While it may sound like an easy and trivial task , it is not at all .
The more logs there are , the more space they take , and we have had setups where logs are 80 % of total database size .
Also there is the problem of being able to run custom reporting queries on logs .
To do this , you often need many , often complex indexes which gives us the problem of random IO , waste of RAM memory and slow inserts .
This is where I think Tokutek appears to be positioned to do quite good at .
There are operation issues which make things more complex and , probably , I would not put yet TokuDB on customer production boxes , but it may good fit to non-critical slave where you can run analyzing queries .
Time for our close - up :
The astonishing blue - eyed gaze of the twin panther cubs
Meet Larisa and Sipura , the newborn panther twins that were introduced to the world in Berlin yesterday .
Still smaller than a domestic housecat , their black fur is sleek and their bright blue - green eyes stare unflinchingly at the cameras .
Newborn baby panthers Larisa and Sipura stare at photographers during a media presentation of the cubs at the Tierpark zoo
Showtime :
The eyes of one of the panther cubs appears to match the green of the grass around her as she stares unflinchingly at the camera
The pair , both female , were born on April 26 at the Tierpark Zoo in Berlin .
Black panther cubs are born with their eyes closed , not opening them until about ten days after the birth .
They do not gain enough mobility to move around until two or three weeks after the birth - and do not start to eat meat until they are nearly three months old .
Their permanent canine teeth do not come in until the age of one - and by the age of two panthers in the wild are usually independent of their mothers .
Larisa and Sipura cling to the top of a wicker basket at the zoo in Berlin .
The pair , twin females , were born April 26
Even hardened news photographers have to crack a smile as one of the cubs stumbles through the grass
In the wild black panthers usually live for up to twelve years - but , born in captivity , Larisa and Sipura may grow to be 20 years old .
The term ' black panther ' can be confusing , with scientists agreeing it does not refer to a specific sub -species of big cat .
Most generally , the term refers to any type of big cat with a black coat - though the only scientifically recognised definitions are a black leopard and a black jaguar .
In the sunlight , darker black spots can be seen beneath the cubs ' dark fur
The cubs take a brief refuge inside the wicker basket
We know the value of sitting back and enjoying a nice glass of vino .
It 's just as well , as wine investment appears to be standing up against the ravages of the economic downturn .
With interest rates so low , investors looking to diversify their portfolios are turning to wine as a more profitable option .
And the potential for high returns can be impressive .
The 2000 Chateau Lynch - Bages Pauillac , for example , was released in May 2001 at £ 450 per case and is now selling at £ 1,200 per case .
Investors must be prepared to be in it for the long haul , though , as a good vintage takes between 20 and 30 years to mature .
But although the fine - wine market was slow to feel the effects of the credit crunch , there was an impact .
" In the last quarter of 2008 we saw a 20 per cent fall in the value of the index , " says Jack Hibberd from the London International Vintners Exchange ( Liv-ex ) , which produces an index tracking the world 's top wines .
" Since then , we 've seen an increase of about 4 per cent , and the market has stabilised , but whether that means the market is going to continue to go up , nobody knows . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It 's clear that wines are just as capable of falling and rising in value as shares , and those considering making wine a part of their investment plans are advised to limit it to a small percentage of their portfolio .
Mark Dampier from independent financial adviser Hargreaves Lansdown argues that people should steer clear if they do n't have a genuine passion for it .
" If it does n't come to much at least you can drink the stuff , " he says , adding that investors should avoid wine funds , which have high performance fees , and simply buy the wine instead .
Many interested investors prefer to go through a professional wine merchant .
Some will charge an upfront fee , typically 5 per cent of the total value of the wine , others may set an annual management charge and all will take around 10 per cent commission when it comes to selling up .
Then you have decide how you prefer to take your booze .
Investors can purchase wine en primeur , at the wine 's opening price before being bottled .
There is also the option to buy wine upon its arrival in the country , two years later , or upon maturity .
Buying en primeur is generally the cheapest option but can be risky if it turns out to be a poor vintage .
" These have n't been bottled and are n't in the country yet so you need to be careful who you buy from and feel confident that the company will still be around in two years ' time , " says Joss Fowler from wine brokers Berry Bros & Rudd .
The wine market is unregulated and there can be disreputable traders so it is usually advisable to go with well - established wine brokers .
Fine wines can be ruined if they are stored incorrectly , so most merchants advise investors to store wine " in bond " in a warehouse for an annual fee ( usually per case ) .
Check that the wine is insured properly for replacement value , not purchase price .
When it comes to picking the right wine , the top 20 chateaux of Bordeaux , which regularly produce fine wines and have quantity limits in place , account for the most trading activity and could be a good starting point .
Researching the industry is vital and it's a good idea to join a wine club .
Try to keep an eye on the Liv-ex index for any shifts in the market .
" I would recommend the 2008 Chateau Lynch - Bages at £ 390 per case in bond , on the basis that it's an excellent Lynch - Bages .
It had a positive review from commentator Robert Parker , and is less expensive than any other vintage of Lynch - Bages on the market , " says Mr Fowler .
When it comes to selling your cases , several options are open to investors .
You could go back to the merchant you originally bought from and see what price is offered .
Wine can be sold at auction houses such as Christie 's and Bonhams , although there will be auctioneers ' fees .
For a quick sale , investors can try a wine broker but this will usually give a poor return .
On the plus side , though , unless the taxman believes your wines can be kept for longer than 50 years , they are deemed to be a " wasting asset " and are exempt from capital gains tax , unlike profits made from shares .
Metal jewelry is among the relatively few children ’s products that presents a risk of lead ingestion to children not approximating zero , so it ’s not especially surprising that it is treated with special stringency under the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act .
As CPSC ’s guidelines explain , metal children ’s jewelry becomes subject to testing and certification requirements on the 20th of this month ( its makers do not benefit from the one - year stay ) and items with even the tiniest dab of paint are subjected to additional requirements , including a separate testing / certification requirement that is already in effect .
Since the law went into effect lead content has been limited to 600 parts per million in both jewelry and paint , and on August 14 the threshold for paint content will drop to 90 per million .
Lead in its natural state has in many eras been a popular constituent of jewelry because of the metal ’s soft and easily worked consistency .
It is also a constituent element of all true crystal and many or most rhinestones — although there is much evidence that it is poses far less hazard to health in those forms because it tends to remain chemically bound into the crystal structure rather than leaching or dissolving out if chewed or ingested .
Given the stringency of its testing requirements and its unfriendliness toward component certification , CPSIA is not surprisingly causing serious economic difficulties in the children ’s jewelry business , not excluding makers who have never used materials or components containing lead but must shoulder the extensive cost of testing anyway .
HABA , the much - admired German toy company , has already announced the departure of its jewelry line from the U.S. market :
Due to the new CPSIA laws we have made the voluntary financial decision to no longer have the jewelry section in our catalog .
The 2009 catalog will not include the jewelry .
This does NOT mean that our current jewelry does not meet the ASTM requirements .
Our overall jewelry sales are a very small percent of our business and the cost to test these items would outweigh the margins to sell the products .
Rhode Island is the historic center of costume jewelry making in America , and the Providence Business News reported recently on the plight of some of its makers .
Keith Barber , partner in Rainbow Sales Inc. in Cranston ,
said he has been following this issue for at least five years , since California adopted a strict law banning lead in children ’s products .
The California law became the model for the federal version , and Barber noted that California included an exclusion for rhinestones and crystals .
California , he said , “ took the time and did it right . ”
Alan R. Green , owner and operator of Argo Products in Johnston , like Barber has thousands of dollars now tied up in unsalable rhinestone items , and believes that plastic substitutions will not be as broadly appealing to customers .
Green says that he could live with going out of business if he were a lousy businessman or as a result of the weak economy .
“ But to lose my business because of an ill - conceived federal regulation that is completely divorced from reality , that ’s really going to hurt , ” said Green .
The Fashion Jewelry Trade Association ( FJTA ) , based in North Kingstown , R.I. , “ represents about 2,500 costume jewelry makers worldwide , ” the article says .
Its president , Michael Gale ,
said his organization several weeks ago submitted a 37 - page petition to the CPSC , formally requesting an exclusion for crystal , rhinestone and glass , complete with scientific evidence and a risk - assessment study in what he called a “ very elaborate presentation . ” …
No response has been received yet , Gale said .
In the period leading up to CPSIA ’s passage , the most publicized death — even , by some accounts , the only death — of an American child relating to an item regulated by CPSIA was that of 4 - year - old Jarnell Brown of Minneapolis , who per the Star - Tribune “ died from swallowing a heart - shaped charm made almost entirely of lead ” in a charm bracelet that came free with Reebok sneakers bought by his mother ; Reebok paid a $ 1 million fine .
Minnesota Sen .
Amy Klobuchar cited the case in campaigning for some of the law ’s most stringent provisions .
It can be hard to get a clear account of what happened in the Brown poisoning , and Michael Shaw has tried to track down “ numerous inconsistencies in the reporting of this entire tragic business , including the health of the child before this incident , how he obtained the bracelet , and how a child with supposedly no history of ingesting foreign objects did so . ”
As far as the case for CPSIA goes , it bears repeating that the federal laws already in effect made it punishable for Reebok to distribute the merchandise in question — hence the record - setting fine ( as well as other consequences to that company ) .
The main point of CPSIA was to clamp a draconian regulatory regime on products that , unlike the heart charm , were n’t a risk for poisoning anyone .
More commentary on the Jarnell Brown case : Deputy Headmistress , scroll also to comments ; Kathleen Fasanella , scroll to third example in her response ; Valerie Jacobsen in comments at League of Ordinary Gentlemen .
On the adequacy of CPSC ’s legal authority to address lead in jewelry under previous law , see also Rick Woldenberg / Little Ida .
Children ’s jewelry is also produced by many beaders , crafters and other small enterprises for sale at local arts fairs , Etsy , and so forth . *
The outcry on CPSIA from small producers , dealers and distributors includes , to pick a sampling , Fairy Tale Jewels , Angie Vinez , Birds and the Beads ( “ Even if the components have all been certified ( such as TierraCast pewter ) , the CPSIA law still requires that the final product be tested regardless . ” ) , My Aphrodite , Rings and Things , My Charmed Life , and Michon Jewelry .
In the coming days ( per the article ) CPSIA is expected to be a major topic of discussion at the annual exhibition of another jewelry trade group , the Providence - based ( and fine - jewelry - oriented ) Manufacturing Jewelers & Suppliers of America ( MJSA ) , which holds its MJSA Expo at New York ’s Javits Center from Sunday Mar. 8 through Tuesday , Mar. 10 .
Certain newspapers that have dismissed concerns about CPSIA ’s effect on small businesses as “ needless fears ” could even send a reporter to that expo if they wanted — it ’s only a few blocks ’ stroll .
It 's a long - standing and crucial question that , as yet , remains unanswered : just how common is scientific misconduct ?
In the online , open - access journal PLoS ONE , Daniele Fanelli of the University of Edinburgh reports the first meta-analysis of surveys questioning scientists about their misbehaviours .
The results suggest that altering or making up data is more frequent than previously estimated and might be particularly high in medical research .
Recent scandals like Hwang Woo - Suk 's fake stem - cell lines or Jon Sudbø 's made - up cancer trials have dramatically demonstrated that fraudulent research is very easy to publish , even in the most prestigious journals .
The media and many scientists tend to explain away these cases as pathological deviations of a few " bad apples . "
Common sense and increasing evidence , however , suggest that these could be just the tip of the iceberg , because fraud and other more subtle forms of misconduct might be relatively frequent .
The actual numbers , however , are a matter of great controversy .
Estimates based on indirect data ( for example , official retractions of scientific papers or random data audits ) have produced largely discrepant results .
Therefore , many researchers have asked scientists directly , with surveys conducted in different countries and disciplines .
However , they have used different methods and asked different questions , so their results also appeared inconclusive .
To make these surveys comparable , the meta - analysis focused on behaviours that actually distort scientific knowledge ( excluding data on plagiarism and other kinds of malpractice ) and extracted the frequency of scientists who recalled having committed a particular behaviour at least once , or who knew a colleague who did .
On average , across the surveys , around 2 % of scientists admitted they had " fabricated " ( made up ) , " falsified " or " altered " data to " improve the outcome " at least once , and up to 34 % admitted to other questionable research practices including " failing to present data that contradict one 's own previous research " and " dropping observations or data points from analyses based on a gut feeling that they were inaccurate . "
In surveys that asked about the behaviour of colleagues , 14 % knew someone who had fabricated , falsified or altered data , and up to 72 % knew someone who had committed other questionable research practices .
In both kinds of surveys , misconduct was reported most frequently by medical and pharmacological researchers .
This suggests that either the latter are more open and honest in their answers , or that frauds and bias are more frequent in their fields .
The latter interpretation would support growing fears that industrial sponsorship is severely distorting scientific evidence to promote commercial treatments and drugs .
As in all surveys asking sensitive questions , it is likely that some respondents did not reply honestly , especially when asked about their own behaviour .
Therefore , a frequency of 2 % is probably a conservative estimate , while it remains unclear how the figure of 14 % should be interpreted .
More information : Fanelli D ( 2009 ) How Many Scientists Fabricate and Falsify Research ?
A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Survey Data . PLoS ONE 4 ( 5 ) : e5738 .
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0005738 , dx.plos.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0005738
Source : Public Library of Science ( news : web )
Pipi 's parents nearly had to dig deep
A New Zealand couple nearly found themselves in a financial hole when their three - year - old daughter bought an earthdigger in an internet auction .
The child , Pipi Quinlan , was trying out her online skills while her parents were asleep in bed .
They only unearthed the truth when they received an email demand for NZ $ 20,000 ( £ 8,000 ) from the seller .
Pipi's mother , Sarah , had left the computer logged on .
The owner of the digger is not insisting on the sale .
Shock
Sarah Quinlan told the BBC that she had been looking for toys online , and using an automatic log - in to an auction site .
But a shock was in store when she got up the next day .
" When I found an email from a guy who said ' can you deposit the money ? '
I thought - hang on - this is n't quite what I expected , " she said .
Pipi had only been allowed to use the computer for the first time the week before - but is obviously a fast learner .
" It 's been a lot of fun , " said Sarah , " She 's earned a bit of notoriety . "
But Sarah is determined the same thing will not happen again , and has urged the parents of other young children not to be caught out .
" I 've taken all my automatic log -ins off anything she could purchase from , " she said .
Advertisements
In a startling bit of racism , Manuel Miranda , a former aide to Republican Sen. Bill Frist told conservative bloggers that , “ We are n’t like African Americans .
We think like everyone else . ”
This begs the question , for Mr. Miranda how do African Americans think differently from everyone else ?
I ’d love an explanation .
At the Heritage Foundation , Miranda said , “ Hispanic polls , Hispanic surveys , indicate that Hispanics think just like everyone else .
We ’re not like African - Americans .
We think just like everybody else .
When I was on the leader ’s staff , someone called me once and asked me : ‘ What ’s Senator Frist ’s Hispanic agenda ? ’
I said , ‘ low taxes , better education , more jobs … what are you talking about ? ’
And that ’s how Hispanics are .
This is an opportunity to educate them on all of our issues and they will resonate in the way that they resonate with everyone else . ”
Miranda was discussing how Republicans can argue against Sonia Sotomayor without alienating Hispanic voters , when he managed to slip in that racist jab .
Do Asian - Americans think differently from everyone else too ?
How about Native Americans ?
Who is everyone else ?
Miranda ’s entire point was lost the second he let out his inner racist .
Advertisements
Is this the way that some Republicans think of Barack Obama ?
Does the president think differently because he is half African - American ?
Even though , Miranda himself is Hispanic , he is ignoring reality .
Hispanics will never come back to the GOP until Republicans adjust their hard line stance on immigration .
When Republicans started treating Hispanic immigrants like criminals , they lost the Hispanic vote .
There is a way to argue against Sotomayor without offending anyone .
The GOP should drop the racial and gender attacks , and stick to discusses her record and judicial philosophy .
However , Rush Limbaugh and the right wing media are going to continue to put the Republicans in an impossible position , and Sotomayor will be easily confirmed .
( H/T : Think Progress )
Our ability to think of numbers as abstract concepts is probably innate and even babies barely a few hours old seem to have the ability , researchers say .
Abstract numerical thought is the ability to perceive numbers as entities , independently of specific things .
It can be demonstrated by the humans capacity to link a certain number of objects to the same number of sounds , irrespective of what the specific sounds or objects are .
But whether this ability is innate or learned through culture or language was n’t known .
To investigate , Véronique Izard of Harvard University and colleagues worked with 16 newborns , whose ages ranged from 7 to 100 hours .
Each baby was first played a 2 - minute tape that contained spoken syllables , such as “ ra ra ra ra me me me me ” ) .
Then , with the tape playing in the background , the baby was shown a sequence of images with abstract geometrical objects ( see movie , .mov format , 2.27 MB ) , in which each alternate image had the number of objects that tallied with the number of syllables .
Advertisement
The researchers found that 15 of 16 newborns looked significantly longer at the correct image .
“ This is telling us that babies , within a couple of hours after they are born , have a very abstract representation of numbers that applies similarly to visual and audio stimuli , ” says Izard .
An earlier study found that babies a few months old , who were played two voices , paid more attention to a video of two rather than three faces .
But in this case the babies might just have learned to link faces with voices , Izard says .
The babies in the new study were n’t always cooperative .
The researchers had to discard data from 50 infants , either because they were being fussy , or fell asleep , or had to be looked after by their handlers .
Journal reference : Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0812142106 )
While the nation 's economy flounders , business is booming for The GEO Group Inc. , a private prison firm that is paid millions by the U.S. government to detain undocumented immigrants and other federal inmates .
In the last year and a half , GEO announced plans to add a total of at least 3,925 new beds to immigration lockups in five locations .
The Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) agency and the U.S. Marshals Service , which hire the company , will fill the beds with inmates awaiting court and deportation proceedings .
GEO reported impressive quarterly earnings of $ 20 million on February 12 , 2009 , along with an annual income of $ 61 million for 2008 - up from $ 38 million the year before .
But the company 's share value is not the only thing that 's growing .
Behind the financial success and expansion of the for - profit prison firm , there are increasing charges of negligence , civil rights violations , abuse and even death .
Detaining immigrants has become a profitable business , and the niche industry is showing no signs of slowing down .
The number of undocumented immigrants the U.S. federal government jails has grown by at least 65 percent in the last six years .
In 2002 , the average daily population of immigration detainees was 20,838 people , according to ICE records .
By 2008 , the average daily population had grown to 31,345 .
Since 2003 , more than a million people have been processed through federal immigration lockups , which are part of a network of at least 300 local , state and federal lockups , including seven contracted detention facilities .
GEO operates four of those seven for - profit prisons .
Numerous investigations and reports have documented problems at GEO 's immigration detention facilities .
At the company 's Northwest Detention Center in Tacoma , Washington , federal prosecutors charged a GEO prison administrator in September 2008 with " knowingly and willfully making materially false , fictitious , and fraudulent statements to senior special agents " with ICE , according to court filings .
A February 2008 audit found that over a period of more than two years ending in November 2005 , GEO hired nearly 100 guards without performing the required criminal background checks .
The GEO employee responsible , Sylvia Wong , pleaded guilty .
In the plea agreement the federal government stated that Wong falsified documents " because of the pressure she felt " while working at the GEO lockup to get security personnel hired at the detention center " as quickly as possible . "
Two months before the fraud charges , a study by the Seattle University School of Law and the nonprofit group OneAmerica reported that conditions at the Tacoma facility violated both international and domestic laws that grant detained immigrants the right to food , due process and humane treatment .
Federal immigration officials have the authority to incarcerate undocumented immigrants , asylum - seekers , and even lawful permanent residents while they await hearings with immigration judges or appeal decisions .
ICE reports the average length of stay is 30 days , but detentions can last years , according to a November 2008 ICE fact sheet .
Pramila Jayapal , executive director with OneAmerica , took part in interviewing a random sample of more than 40 immigrants detained at the Northwest Detention Center , which holds approximately 1,000 immigrants at any given time .
" It 's a very giant concrete box .
It 's just like a jail , " said Jayapal .
" You 're only supposed to meet in the client area , which is only a few rooms . "
One inmate from Mexico , Hector Pena - Ortiz , told interviewers that guards had interrogated and handcuffed him twice , demanding that he sign immediate deportation papers despite the fact that he had a pending appeal .
Under federal law , immigrants cannot be deported from the United States if their immigration legal cases are still pending .
During one of the incidents , guards admitted to having a file on the wrong inmate , Pena - Ortiz said .
In addition to violations of legal rights , inmates cited food as a major concern .
The vast majority of the 40 prisoners interviewed at the facility said rations were inadequate and sometimes rotten .
Inmates with financial resources depended on food bought from the lockup 's commissary .
Others went hungry .
A man identified in the study as " Ricardo " said he had lost 50 pounds of his original 190 - pound weight since arriving at the detention center .
ICE officially denied the claims in the report , but in 2005 , annual agency inspections at the Northwest Detention Center documented problems with the quality and quantity of food and found that some meals were so poor , guards had to collect and replace them .
Looking for Opportunities
The Tacoma lockup , site of the most recent GEO controversy , is located on top of a former toxic waste dump that borders coastal wetlands near the Port of Tacoma , Washington .
In August 2008 , the firm announced plans to expand its 1,030 - bed Northwest Detention Center to 1,575 beds , " to help meet the increased demand for detention bed space by federal , state , and local government agencies around the country . "
Just four months after GEO 's announcement , ICE notified government contractors that the agency was looking for a contractor - owned and - operated detention facility .
According to federal procurement data , the new facility should be capable of providing 1,575 beds - the same number GEO was set to build - to be completed no later than September 2009 - the same date GEO had set for the completion of its own construction project .
Lorie Dankers , ICE spokeswoman in Washington state , implied that the similarity in numbers and date was a coincidence .
" I would never comment , nor have I in the past , on what GEO is doing and why they 're doing it .
That 's a business decision that GEO made , " said Dankers .
" To insinuate that there was some kind of connection , or that they has some inside information as to the request , that would be incorrect . "
Dankers added that ICE 's request for more space is still in the " pre-solicitation " phase , meaning that there is no guarantee a contract will be offered , and the agency is simply requesting information from contractors to " guage interest . "
" I do n't have any information one way or the other as to what would happen , " Dankers said .
" I think often times , if I had to speculate , they see where there 's a need .
I think they 're always looking for opportunities . "
Canceled Contracts
And opportunities , like prisoners , abound .
GEO owns more than 62,000 prison beds in the United States , with approximately 3,000 beds used for detained immigrants .
The company also claims a global market share of 25 percent of the private corrections industry .
Currently , the Northwest Detention Center incarcerates immigrants mainly from Oregon , Washington and Alaska , according to Dankers .
In the last five years , criminal immigration prosecutions have surged by 388 percent according to federal court data obtained by the Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse at Syracuse University in New York .
The most recently available court information shows that there were 11,454 prosecutions in September 2008 alone .
Adding to GEO 's profitability and prospects are immigration laws introduced in the 1990s , the expanding use of immigration detention without bond , and a greater emphasis on prosecutions after 9/11 .
The company 's relationship with government officials has also proven valuable in winning corrections contracts .
In 2006 , while on the state payroll as director of prisons at the Colorado Department of Corrections , Nolin Renfrow helped GEO obtain a $ 14 million - per - year contract to detain 1,500 inmates in a proposed state prison project in the northern part of the state .
Renfrow was moonlighting for GEO - with an expected compensation of $ 1 million - when a 2007 state audit and news reports uncovered the public servant 's business deal .
The audit found that Renfrow 's actions could " arguably present a conflict of interest and result in a breach of ... the public trust , " because state law prohibited an " employee from assisting any person for a fee or other compensation in obtaining any contract . "
The county district attorney with jurisdiction over Renfrow declined to press criminal charges , but in the wake of the scandal , officials with the state 's corrections department rescinded the contract .
Prisons as Money Makers
Immigrant facilities are not the only GEO lockups that have sparked claims of negligence and abuse .
In 2007 , the firm settled a lawsuit with the family of an inmate for $ 200,000 .
LeTisha Tapia , a 23 - year - old woman incarcerated at the GE0 - owned Val Verde Correction Facility in southern Texas , told her family in July 2004 that she had been raped and beaten after being locked in the same cell block with male inmates .
Shortly after , she had hung herself in her cell .
The nonprofit Texas Civil Rights Project sued GEO on behalf of Tapia 's family .
" The jail drove this young woman to kill herself , " charged the family 's attorney , Scott Medlock , in a February 15 , 2006 press release from the Texas Civil Rights Project .
" GEO cuts corners by hiring poorly trained guards , providing inmates with cut rate medical care , and running their facility in a grossly unprofessional manner . "
Citing confidentially provisions in the settlement , Medlock refused further comment .
More recently , in 2008 , civil liberties attorneys sued the company for failing to provide adequate medical attention to inmates outsourced from Washington , DC , to the Rivers Correctional Institute , located in North Carolina and overseen by GEO through a contract with the federal Bureau of Prisons .
That same year , Idaho state authorities removed 125 inmates from a GEO prison after an investigation - spurred by the suicide of a detainee at the facility - revealed poor staff training and health care .
" Pretty immediately when people started going to Rivers we started to get letters about how bad the health care was , and just how people were really scared of dying there , " said Deborah Golden , an attorney with the DC Prisoners Project , a group that is representing inmates in the legal case against GEO .
One inmate named in the report , Keith Mathis , claims he was denied medical treatment for a cavity until the tooth became infected and caused an open ulcer on his face that eventually " burst open , " requiring surgery and three days hospitalization .
" The more we looked into the situation the more we realized it was a systemic problem , " said Golden .
" I suspect that it 's a pattern all over .
When you try to run prisons as money makers what you do is cut back on the most expensive thing you can , which is medication and medical care . "
GEO has said it will not publicly comment on pending legal cases or abuse claims by third parties , including nonprofit groups .
Company spokesman Pablo Paez says that on the subject of business plans , " we have no comment beyond what 's in our public disclosures . "
Despite a wide array grievances and tragedies , GEO has accrued contracts worth more than $ 588 million in federal tax dollars since 1997 , according to available federal procurement data .
And as long as federal officials continue to remand a growing number of inmates and immigrants over to private businesses , without imposing strict oversight , GEO will likely remain profitable .
AMP Section Name : War & Disaster Profiteering
Suspects " Ought to Be Held Until the End of the Conflict "
Former Vice President Dick
Cheney sees only two options with respect to detainees in the never - ending war on terror , and keeping them in prison without charges for the rest of their lives is , believe it or not , the more reasonable one .
“ If you do n’t have a place where you can hold these people , your only other option is to kill them , ” declared Cheney , who believes that suspects “ ought to be held until the end of the conflict , ” which he had previously said would n’t end in any of our lifetimes .
Cheney chided President Obama for issuing an executive order calling for the closure of the facility at Guantanamo Bay within a year , and said the president ’s recent backpedaling is a function of his inability to come up with a plan to do so .
Last month Obama lauded congressional Democratics for withholding the funding he requested for closing the facility , and announced he was reviving the Bush - era tribunal system with only minor alterations .
He also planned to come up with a new court system which would allow him to detain suspects for life without charges , though on American soil instead of at Guantanamo Bay .
May 20 , 2009 The Situation Room .
BLITZER : Meanwhile , the U.S. military is caught in a raging controversy over bibles that were burned .
Some Christian groups are furious that Americans were involved in what they consider to be an unthinkable act right in the midst of a war against religious extremism in Afghanistan .
Brian Todd is here in THE SITUATION ROOM .
You 've been digging on this story because it 's pretty shocking .
BRIAN TODD , CNN CORRESPONDENT :
It is , Wolf .
And it speaks to the very delicate and often dangerous balance that U.S. commanders face in war zones -- books that are holy to the majority of U.S. service members burned in the name of protecting them .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
TODD ( voice - over ) : Bibles written in Pashtun and Dari , the two most common Afghan languages -- bibles sent by a church to a U.S. soldier in Afghanistan , bibles that were later burned by the U.S. government .
These holy books were confiscated about a year ago at Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan .
An independent film aired by the Al Jazeera Network had shown Evangelical soldiers worshipping at Bagram and talking about ways to share their faith .
( VIDEO CLIP )
TODD : But military rules forbid troops of any religion from proselytizing while in Afghanistan .
And U.S. officials were concerned that the bibles would be used to try to convert Afghans to Christianity .
A U.S. military spokesman tells CNN , that kind of religious outreach could have provoked a violent backlash against Americans in this devoutly Muslim nation .
But in trying not to offend the Muslim population there , the military seems to have offended some Christians .
The president of a Christian group called Open Doors USA is quoted as saying : " It really should shake the core of every Christian to realize that bibles are being burned . "
A military analyst , who 's also a Pentagon adviser , agrees .
LT .
COL .
ROBERT MAGINNIS ( RET . ) , MILITARY ANALYST : There 's no need to burn the bibles .
They could have been shipped back .
Just imagine if we were to -- you know , the same United States military were to take a bunch of Korans and burn them .
I can imagine the -- the ramifications across the world .
( END VIDEOTAPE )
TODD : Could those bibles have been shipped back ?
Well , the military says , not really .
A military spokesman tells us they worried that the church that had sent them would turn around and send them to another organization in Afghanistan , giving the impression that they 'd been distributed by the U.S. government .
So the decision was made to throw the bibles away .
And in war zones , U.S. troops are required to burn their trash .
A U.S. military spokesman says they understand the sensitivities of Christians here , that this was not an easy decision , but they had to do this force protection -- Wolf .
BLITZER : Is there any indication that any of these bibles were actually distributed to the local population ?
TODD : The military says they have no evidence so far that the bibles made it off of Bagram Air Force Base .
The soldier who had gotten them did not know that he was not supposed to distribute them .
A military chaplain on base corrected that soldier and confiscated the bibles .
As far as they know , they never made it off the base .
BLITZER : Brian
Todd , thanks very much for that story .
Researchers at the University of Gothenburg , Sweden , have developed a new method to study single cells while exposing them to controlled environmental changes .
The unique method , where a set of laser tweezers move the cell around in a microscopic channel system , allows the researchers to study how single cells react to stress induced by a constantly changing environment .
Studies on how cells react to changes in their environment , such as reduced availability of nutrients , have traditionally used cultures consisting of millions of cells .
While such studies show how cells on average react to a new environment , they say nothing about individual variation , for example how quickly a single cell responds .
Catches and moves cells
Researcher Emma Eriksson and her colleagues at the Department of Physics , University of Gothenburg , Sweden , developed a method where laser tweezers are used to catch a cell the size of about one micrometer , or 0.001 of a mm , and then move the cell between different environments .
Placing the cell in a system of channels made of silicone , in which each channel is finer than a human hair , enables the researchers to add and remove substances so that the environment surrounding a single cell changes in a split second - while at the same time watching the reactions through a microscope .
New information
The channels in the so - called microfluidic system can be likened to tiny water pipes .
In a channel , a single cell can be exposed to tests and various substances for very exact time periods , which enables the researchers to repeatedly add and remove a substance to see how it affects the behaviour of the cell .
This new method gives researchers information that would not be possible to obtain with traditional methods .
How cells survive
In its first stage , the new method has been tested on yeast cells .
One of the cells ' proteins was tagged with a green fluorescent protein ( GFP ) , enabling researchers to trace the movements of the protein within the cell while it adjusts to a new environment .
' The method can be used to reveal how a cell reacts to stress induced by a change in its environment .
The information gained from this may eventually lead to a better understanding of how cells work and what they do to stay alive and healthy in a constantly changing environment ' , says Eriksson .
The thesis Towards quantitative single cell analysis using optical tweezers and microfluidics was defended at a disputation on April 29th .
Millions are spent funding candidates from both political parties ensuring that no matter who is in office the laws enacted favor them .
Pharmaceutical firms contributed $ 1,995,384 on the Obama campaign alone .
These corporations purchase , sorry , " fund " not only the government officials , but also most of the institutions who are supposed to safeguard the public health , which means all of these institutions have been affectively subverted .
In fact the major pharmaceutical firms and their corporate partners in crime fund everything from medical schools to the American Dietetic Association to United Nations sponsored programs like Codex Alimentarius ( international agreements controlling production and distribution of food and supplements ) .
C ompanies like Monsanto have not only been profiting from the poisoning of the people of the world , ( giving us dangerous products like agent orange and aspartame , ) but have been for many years buying and working in partnership with major pharmaceutical firms and therefore also profit on the treatment of the symptoms caused by their poisons .
One pharmaceutical company purchased by Monsanto in 1985 was G.D. Searle & Company .
Donald Rumsfeld was CEO of G.D. Searle & Company at that time and he played a major role in Monsanto 's acquisition of the company .
Searle is now Pfizer .
Many medications and vaccines potentially cause more problems than they solve .
This is not a side effect , this is part of how big pharmaceutical companies make their money .
There is far more money in keeping patients dependent on expensive drugs than there is in curing them .
If a drug causes more illness , ( particularly one which seems unrelated , ) the new symptoms must then be treated .
The more problems a patient suffers from , the more drugs you can sell them .
These companies are pushing the deadliest and most addictive substances known to man and they do it legally .
Vaccines are out and outright toxic .
Here is just a short list of some of the chemicals and heavy metals commonly found in many vaccines : formaldehyde , aluminum hydroxide , aluminum phosphate , aluminum sulfate , sorbitol , bensethonium chloride , and phenol .
Some vaccines such as GalaxoSmithKline 's Havrix for hepatitis A contain diploid cells from aborted fetal tissue .
In addition there are the vaccines which get accidentally , so they claim , contaminated .
Oops , was that bird flu we put in there ?
New studies are connecting the skyrocketing autism rate with vaccination .
Is it any wonder that children are suffering from the effects of as many as 36 toxic shots by the age of five in America , 20 in the UK and 26 in Australia ?
If vaccines protect your child , how is it possible that of the three countries listed the USA has the most vaccinations and also the highest child mortality rate under five ?
I personally know a young couple whose beautiful vibrant two year old daughter died due to complications from her vaccination .
The fear of a pandemic alone is enough to generate major profits for the big pharmaceutical companies .
A new vaccine or treatment is advertised and governments , hospitals and even common people will stockpile the medication out of fear of infection .
Each time the media plays up the new pandemic flu , be it bird or swine , the big pharmaceutical firms laugh all the way to the bank .
Doctors who speak out against dangerous drugs are put on hit lists .
Merck had a list of doctors who were to be " neutralized " or " discredited " because they had criticized the painkiller Vivoxx ( now withdrawn from the market . )
Those Doctors who play ball with the major pharmaceutical corporations and prescribe large enough quantities of a company 's drugs may receive " incentives . "
Alternative healthcare is under attack .
Anything which can not be patented and controlled by the big pharmaceutical firms , such as herbal remedies and vitamins , are being legislated out of existence .
Codex Alimentarius plays a key part in this assault on nutrients , by reclassifying them as toxins and limiting the amount you can get with or without a prescription .
Further legislative impediments to nutrition include the American bill H.R. 875 which seriously threatens organic farming and can only result in more ill health .
Such a prohibition on nutrients and quality foods will likely result in a resurgence of easily preventable diseases such as scurvy .
For those with a healthy body , the pharmaceutical pushers industry has a drug for you anyway .
Got the blues ?
Got worries ?
Medicate them away .
Even new mothers are a target .
The Mothers
Act seeks to assess the mental health of women before they can take their babies home .
How many will be told they need to take mood altering pills if they wish to retain custody of their children ?
( Ron Paul has introduced HR 2218 , the Parental Consent Act , to battle mandatory mental health screening and forced medicating of children . )
The same sort of mood - altering medications are all too often prescribed to foster children .
These are also the same type of drugs which are now frequently being connected with cases of suicide and mass violence , including school shootings .
The actions of the pharmaceutical industry are nothing less than criminal .
In 2004 a complaint was submitted to the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) in The Hague accusing the major pharmaceutical companies and many of the key government officials they fund of genocide and other crimes against humanity as well as war crimes .
Among the accused are : the CEOs of Pfizer , Merck , GalaxoSmithKline and Eli Lilly from pharmaceutical industry and George W. Bush , Tony Blair , John Ashcroft , and of course Donald Rumsfeld from the political arena .
While the western world is kept busy looking for terrorists in their trash bins , the pharmaceutical corporations continue to endanger the health of billions with impunity .
Now is the time to act before Codex Alimentarius comes into full effect , before organic food has been legislated out of existence .
Boycott toxic vaccines .
Support alternative medical practitioners .
Take your health and well being out of the hands of profiteers .
Footnotes :
These footnotes are not only an acknowledgment of the scholarship of the people listed below but also sincere thanks for their contributions towards the education of all humanity .
Instead of the usual footnotes I am listing all the researchers , filmmakers and authors who pointed me in the direction of the information above and not only those whose work would normally be referenced in direct conjunction with the information in this article .
These footnotes are not only an acknowledgment of the scholarship of the people listed below but also sincere thanks for their contributions towards the education of all humanity .
Thank you :
Matthias Rath , MD , Sepp Hasslberger , Generation Rescue , Nancy Markle , H. J. Roberts , MD , Dr. Mercola , Carol Marbin Miller , Ron Paul , Informed Choice , David Icke , Max Igan , David Icke , Max Igan
Your gain , my pain ?
New research from Japan shows that the human brain treats feelings of envy like physical pain , while schadenfreude -- the pleasure derived from another person 's misfortune -- triggers the brain 's reward circuits .
The findings , published in the February 13 online edition of Science magazine , suggest our brains may be wired to treat abstract feelings much more like concrete physical experiences than was previously thought .
Led by Hidehiko Takahashi of the National Institute of Radiological Sciences ( NIRS ) , the researchers used functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) to monitor the brain activity of 19 male and female university students while they read two stories about other fictional students .
The first story described the success of three characters : ( A ) a superior " rival " student of the same gender in the same field of study , ( B ) a superior student of the opposite gender in a different field of study , and ( C ) an average student of the opposite gender in a different field of study .
The subjects were then asked to rate their own level of envy toward the characters on a scale of 1 to 6 .
Character A garnered the most envy and triggered a high level of activity in the anterior cingulate cortex , which plays a key role in processing pain .
The results indicate that the brain uses the same circuitry to process both social pain ( envy ) and physical pain .
The subjects then read a second story in which characters A and C suffer a series of misfortunes , including food poisoning and financial trouble .
The fMRI data showed that the depiction of character A's hardships induced greater activity in the ventral striatum , the " reward reaction " area of the brain that normally lights up when receiving social and financial reward .
In addition , the researchers were able to predict which subjects would experience stronger schadenfreude ( ventral striatum activity ) when reading story 2 , based on the degree of envy ( anterior cingulate cortex activity ) they experienced when reading story 1 , suggesting a strong relationship between the way the brain processes the two feelings .
" We now have a better understanding of the mechanism at work when people take pleasure in another 's misfortune , " says Takahashi of the research .
" Perhaps our findings can be put to use in the field of psychological counseling . "
[ Sources : Asahi , 47 News ]
What is going on in Canada ?
This week , a prestigious research group recalled a series of intellectual property reports that were highly favorable to copyright holders — and appear to have been plagiarized .
And the Business Software Alliance admitted that its Canadian software piracy numbers were " estimates " — no surveying had been done in the country .
Irony alert
Both discoveries were made by law professor Michael Geist , a one - man IP wrecking ball .
First up was a report from the Conference Board of Canada , a nonpartisan research group that was asked to produce a report on the digital economy .
When the report in question came out , the press release trumpeted , " Canada seen as the file - swapping capital of the world . "
The report was largely paid for by copyright lobbyists , but a reputable group like the Conference Board would n't just slap something today together that supported the view of its funders — especially not a report making broad claims about the need for " increased emphasis on enforcement of [ intellectual property rights ] . "
Right ?
Geist revealed that numerous sections of the Conference Board report were lifted nearly verbatim from an earlier report by the International Intellectual Property Alliance .
Credit was sometimes given to the IIPA , though a mere citation does n't give someone the right to use another 's exact words without quote marks .
Michael Geist
And apart from the apparent plagiarism , many of the other numbers used in the report are of dubious provenance or are just sloppy .
For instance , Geist notes that " the OECD study that the Conference Board says found the highest per capita incidence of unauthorized file sharing in the world [ in Canada ] did not reach that conclusion .
The report — which is based on six year old data that is now out - of - date — was limited to the 30 OECD countries ( not the world ) and did not make any comment or determination on unauthorized activity . "
This is cutting - edge research ?
Rightsholders might be fine with a Conference Board imprimatur on some IIPA quotes , but the government of Canada ( which contributed $ 15,000 for the report ) did n't get much for its money .
The Conference Board said that it " stands behind the findings of its report . "
The group prides itself on being " the foremost , independent , not - for - profit applied research organization in Canada " and says that it is " objective and non-partisan .
We do not lobby for specific interests . "
But the Conference Board has now announced on the front page of its website that it has recalled the reports in question because they " did not follow the high quality research standards of The Conference Board of Canada . "
Hard numbers are hard to come by
Geist then took aim at the Business Software Alliance , which each year releases numbers estimating the rate of software piracy in countries around the world .
We 've been skeptical about these numbers for years , since there 's no reliable way to count pirated copies of software and no clarity about how much pirated software would have otherwise been purchased at full price .
Even the BSA concedes the point , with VP of Communications Dale Curtis telling us earlier this month , " I concede that , in this model , we express the value of pirated software in terms of retail value of what 's being displaced .
We assume 100 percent of the software would be replaced and we calculate the retail value of that .
I do n't know how much will be replaced or not .
A lot of it will be replaced . "
Hardly reassuring , but Geist has now made another charge : the BSA is literally " guessing " about the piracy rate in countries like Canada .
" While the study makes seemingly authoritative claims about the state of Canadian piracy , the reality is that IDC , which conducts the study for BSA , did not bother to survey in Canada , " said Geist after checking with the organization .
Surveys are only done in " volatile " countries .
" It is an express acknowledgement that the Canadian data this year is a guess , " Geist added .
" The data is never publicly presented in this way — the BSA cites specific numbers , the newspapers report it , and groups like the Conference Board of Canada and the Chamber of Commerce extrapolate these guesses into specific claims about job losses and economic harm . "
Ars checked in again with Dale Curtis of the BSA here in the US .
He had quite a bit to say , and it 's worth quoting at some length :
It is not accurate to say BSA ’s estimate of PC software piracy in Canada is a " guess , " nor that our figures are " never publicly presented in this way . "
BSA has always been open about the methodology and the fact that it is a model , not a scientific measurement .
The methodology is explained in detail in the white paper , which is online at www.bsa.org/globalstudy.
Briefly put , IDC bases its piracy rates and loss estimates on a model that includes many well - established , authoritative data sets , including figures on new PC shipments , the installed PC base , new software shipments , and average software prices in each country .
Data on the average amount of software loaded on PCs in a given country is based on more than 6,000 end - user surveys in 24 countries , plus reams of similar data from previous years .
The survey sample size is large enough — and consistent enough over time and geography — that IDC believes it is as accurate as it can be .
The surveys on software loads are just one piece of the overall model .
Countries that are included in the survey portion are chosen to represent the more volatile economies .
IDC has found from past research that low piracy countries , generally mature markets , have stable software loads by segment , with yearly variations driven more by segment dynamics ( e.g. consumer shipment versus business shipments of PCs ) than by load - by - load segment .
IDC believes that in mature markets , piracy rates are driven less by changes in software load than other market conditions , such as shipment rates and volume licensing errors ...
Bottom line :
There is no way to measure software piracy with scientific precision , and BSA does not present its figures as such .
That said , the study uses a robust methodology that provides us with the best trend data available .
But such numbers are routinely cited as fact by others , showing up for decades in some cases as talking points in favor of tougher copyright laws .
Our own past attempts at getting to the bottom of some of the figures commonly used by copyright maximalists shows that some are flat - out ludicrous ; others , like the BSA numbers , are estimates based on models , and need to be treated as such by policymakers .
This is Geist 's worry .
" Rather than using broad bands to account for errors ( i.e. 30 - 40 percent range ) , they use very specific figures and then cite even small increases or decreases , " he tells Ars .
" They do not provide a margin of error .
If this is just a model without great precision , the BSA should not be using it to lobby policy makers on the basis that it provides a fairly precise figure . "
All of these piracy numbers are tough , if not impossible , to measure with any accuracy .
That does n't invalidate good - faith attempts at data gathering and modeling , of course , but it does mean that when a transparently interested party on any side of the debate comes calling with a dossier of specific numbers , policymakers are well - advised to start reaching for the salt shaker .
Update :
While itBusiness.ca claimed that a government official told it that $ 15,000 of public money funded the report , a newer report out today in the Globe & Mail directly contradicts that account and says that no public money was spent .
Photo Manipulation is one of the most complex , highly detailed and creative art forms to come out of the digital age .
mixing a bunch of photos together is n’t quite as easy as it might look , Blending different elements to form a single convincing image requires a very diverse skill set .
Composition , color theory , the need for a solid concept and the technical skill
Here i’ve listed 36 Fantastic Photo Manipulation Designs by various great artists for your design inspiration , Please let me know what you think of them , or if you have any more suggestions by leaving a comment .
Comment Tell A Friend Print Format Save Article Penguin poo ( guano ) stains , visible from space , have helped British scientists locate emperor penguin breeding colonies in Antarctica .
Knowing their location provides a baseline for monitoring their response to environmental change , according to a new study published this week in the U.S. journal Global Ecology and Biogeography .
In the new study , scientists from British Antarctic Survey ( BAS ) describe how they used satellite images to survey the sea-ice around 90 percent of Antarctica 's coast to search for emperor penguin colonies .
The survey identified a total of 38 .
Ten of those were new .
Of the previously known colonies six had re-located and six were not found .
Because emperor penguins breed on sea-ice during the Antarctic winter little is known about their colonies .
Reddish brown patches of guano on the ice , visible in satellite images , provide a reliable indication of their location .
BAS mapping expert Peter Fretwell explains
" We can't see actual penguins on the satellite maps because the resolution is n't good enough .
But during the breeding season the birds stay at a colony for eight months .
The ice gets pretty dirty and it's the guano stains that we can see . "
Emperor penguins spend a large part of their lives at sea .
During the Antarctic winter when temperatures drop to 50 Celsius degree below zero they return to their colonies to breed on sea-ice , but this is a time when it is most difficult for scientists to monitor them .
BAS Penguin ecologist Dr Phil Trathan says : " This is a very exciting development .
Now we know exactly where the penguins are , the next step will be to count each colony so we can get a much better picture of population size .
Using satellite images combined with counts of penguin numbers puts us in a much better position to monitor future population changes over time . "
This research builds on work by French scientists who extensively studied one colony and found the population was at significant risk from climate change .
The six colonies not found in this study were at a similar latitude suggesting that emperor penguins may be at risk all around Antarctica .
Source : Xinhua
The crisis in our music community is real .
By proposing the creation and internet law , the French goverment is protecting artists ' rights as well as those of internet users
An intense debate is raging over how to stop the erosion of creators ' rights in an era swamped by free unauthorised music .
It is a critical debate that I believe will shape the lives and the working conditions of creative professionals for years , even decades , to come .
France is leading the way on this issue , with its new " creation and internet " law , and where France goes , the rest of the world may follow .
This is certainly not about the future of U2 , the band I have managed for over 30 years .
But it is about the future of a new generation of artists who aspire to be the next U2 – and about the whole environment in which that aspiration can be made possible .
I have followed this debate closely over the last two years , as a number of governments have woken up to the need to tackle the deep crisis facing their creative industries .
The proposals tabled by President Sarkozy and Denis Olivennes in November 2007 gave France moral leadership in the debate , a position the country retains today .
The creation and internet law is the right solution to an enormous problem .
It is a fair and balanced solution , and I believe it will work in practice .
There are a few simple reasons why the new law deserves strong support .
First , the crisis in our music community is real .
A generation of artists , all over France , and further afield , are seeing their livelihoods destroyed , their career ambitions stolen .
Investment that should help them build careers is draining out of the industry .
This is n't just a shift in the business model from recorded to live music .
It 's a catastrophe for all the business models , old and new .
It is a myth that artists can build long - term careers on live music alone .
U2 will this year fill huge stadiums around the world , including two shows at Stade de France at a capacity of 93,000 .
That is because they have had parallel careers as recording artists and live performers since their inception 30 years ago .
The world of music is rapidly changing , and new business models are developing fast , but all of this progress is threatened in a world where 95 % of music downloads see no reward going to the creator .
Critics who speak of the victims as " fat record and film companies " are evoking tired caricatures , which I do n't believe the majority of people today accept – certainly not those who have recently spoken to an aspiring music professional , a film producer , a TV researcher or the owner of an independent music label .
You only have to look at the sharp fall in the share of new album releases accounted by French artists in the last four years to see the damage that is being done .
There are clearly people who oppose the new law , but I have not heard of any viable economic alternative to the system now being introduced , committing ISPs to helping protect copyright .
The only other proposals offered look like solutions produced for the laboratory , not for the market place .
In fact , the appeal of the creation and internet law is its balance and proportionality .
Far from repressing freedoms as some of its critics charge , the graduated response approach goes out of its way to be fair and to respect the rights of internet users .
A system of escalating warnings , with the ultimate deterrent of temporary internet disconnection for the wilful lawbreaker , is a transparent and proportionate way of influencing consumer behaviour .
And it has absolutely nothing to do with a surveillance society .
This is also a dramatic improvement on the old , unworkable solution of mass lawsuits against individuals – a policy that was pursued by record companies in the past , and to which I was always strongly opposed .
That is why , by engaging with and obliging ISPs to deal concretely with infringement on their networks , the French government has made such an enlightened step forward .
The internet needs the protection of sacred freedoms , yes – but , as in real life , it also needs rules , and ones that can be practically enforced .
The answer does n't lie in thousands of lawsuits .
It does , I believe , lie in a sensible strategy whereby ISPs prohibit illegal use of their networks , and actually enforce those rules .
Another simple but crucially important judgement by the government has advanced this process – namely that ISPs were not going to offer this cooperation without being required to by law .
That is not because ISP chiefs are bad people , it is because it is impossible to imagine any of them voluntarily conceding to steps that could put them at a commercial disadvantage to their competitors .
Legislation to require a pan-industry solution was the right step , and a visionary one .
It is clear some still have concerns , but in many cases these are being enormously exaggerated .
If we believe that artists ' rights need respecting and that musicians deserve to be paid – as surveys show the vast majority of people do – then we should defend their rights in practice and not just in words .
I believe a society that cares about creators ' rights should not shy away from enforcing the law that protects them .
The French government should be congratulated – it is proposing a law that is a workable solution to the problem of online piracy .
It has brought together ISPs and content industries in a way that will effectively protect music and film rights , while respecting important consumer freedoms .
There is a crucial lesson here for governments all over the world .
This article originally appeared in Le Figaro
OTTAWA – Romeo LeBlanc , the first Acadian to be appointed governor general of Canada and a central figure in the Liberal party for more than two decades , has died after a lengthy illness .
He was 81 .
Born in the tiny farming community of Memramcook in southeastern New Brunswick , LeBlanc worked as a teacher and then as a journalist before moving to the political arena .
He became an important player in the federal Liberal party , serving as press secretary to former Liberal prime ministers Lester Pearson and Pierre Trudeau , before being elected as a New Brunswick MP in 1972 .
As federal fisheries minister in the Trudeau cabinet , he was called the " fishermen 's minister . "
He was also instrumental in establishing Canada 's 200 - mile offshore economic zone and helped shape the International Law of the Sea .
LeBlanc became a Senator in 1984 , was appointed Speaker of the Senate in 1993 and became governor general in 1995 .
Throughout his political and vice - regal career , LeBlanc was known for his humility .
" He never forgot where he was from , so the trappings of governor general or cabinet minister were never him , " Donald Savoie , a friend and University of Moncton economist , said Wednesday .
" The poor , the less fortunate , or the working poor – those were his clientele .
He never lost sight of that , no matter where he was or what he did . "
Camille Leger , who knew LeBlanc since he was a child , said LeBlanc never changed , even after reaching high office .
" It did n't matter who you are , he would talk to you and he would n't use words that are 15 - feet long , " Leger said .
" He was always like that . "
It was a view shared by Marc Lalonde , who served with LeBlanc in Liberal cabinets in the 1970s and 1980s .
" He has always remained a very simple , humble man , who was not impressed by the powerful and the wealthy , " he once said .
When he sat for a picture to be used in the painting of his official portrait , LeBlanc complained about having to wear a suit coat .
The problem was solved when the artist offered him his grey cardigan .
LeBlanc 's time in politics also marked the start of a political dynasty in New Brunswick .
His son Dominic inherited his father 's interest in politics and is the Liberal MP for the riding of Beausejour .
When he was nominated for the seat in 1997 , the Harvard - educated lawyer acknowledged what the area meant to his family as he was criticized for being a parachute candidate .
" My family roots run deep in this riding , " said the younger LeBlanc , who scrapped plans to run for the federal Liberal leadership last year as he encourage the party to unite behind Michael Ignatieff over the parliamentary crisis .
His father wielded considerable influence in his home province as an MP – tagged as the Godfather of New Brunswick for his ability to control patronage and government projects .
New Brunswick 's premier called him an ambassador for the province around the world .
" Mr. LeBlanc was a seminal figure in the Acadian renaissance and a senior voice for New Brunswickers of all backgrounds throughout Canada and the world , " Shawn Graham said in a statement Wednesday .
LeBlanc 's political past made his appointment to Rideau Hall controversial as it was criticized by some as a political pay off .
In protest , Preston Manning , then the leader of the Reform Party of Canada , refused to attend LeBlanc 's installation ceremony , as did Bloc Quebecois Leader Lucien Bouchard .
But Prime Minister Jean Chrétien defended LeBlanc , describing his rise as an example of what francophones can achieve in Canada .
Chrétien said the appointment shows how francophones across the country have contributed to nation - building , while preserving their culture .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" It reminds us ... that our country 's unity was built in diversity and that this diversity is also our strength , " said Chrétien .
" In fact , it is a fundamental characteristic of our nation . "
During a visit to his boyhood hometown shortly after he became governor general , local resident Bertille Demers spoke of what LeBlanc 's appointment meant to francophones in New Brunswick .
" His appointment is a sign of pride for all Acadians , " she said .
When he arrived in New Brunswick after leaving Rideau Hall in 1999 , he was met at the Moncton train station by some 200 people , including dozens of school children waving Canadian and Acadian flags .
" He 's from down home , he 's a good man and he's one of us – an Acadian , " said Bernard Gaudet of Saint - Joseph , N.B .
LeBlanc used his background to show how francophones outside Quebec can thrive in Canada and how French and English can co-operate .
" If there is one group of Canadians whose past could have poisoned their future it is the Acadians , " he once said of his ancestral history .
Over 10,000 Acadians were forced from their land in the Maritimes by the British in what 's known as the Great Expulsion of 1755 for refusing to swear oaths of allegiance .
They were dispersed to Europe and parts of what 's now known as the United States .
LeBlanc was born in 1927 in the Memramcook Valley and spent his childhood there .
After graduating from university , he spent two years as a high school teacher and then taught at a teachers ' college in Fredericton .
In 1960 , he joined CBC's French - language radio service in Ottawa and did stints in New York , Washington , Algeria and Cyprus .
Ill health forced LeBlanc to leave Rideau Hall early in 1999 before his five - year tenure was up .
As governor general , LeBlanc proclaimed National Aboriginal Day on June 21 .
" We owe aboriginals a debt that is four centuries old , " he once said .
He was also credited with opening Rideau Hall to the public , holding a garden party in 1997 that drew 10,000 people to its gardens .
LeBlanc is survived by his wife , Diana Fowler LeBlanc , and four children .
Read more about :
The laser beam is guided and focused by means of a process adapted manufacturing system .
This allows thousands of holes to be burned into a silicon wafer in one second .
Image : Fraunhofer ILT
At " Laser 2009 " in Munich , Germany , June 15 to 18 , Fraunhofer researchers will be demonstrating how laser technology can contribute to optimizing the manufacturing costs and efficiency of solar cells .
Cell phones , computers , MP3 players , kitchen stoves , and irons all have one thing in common :
They need electricity .
And in the future , more and more cars will also be fuelled by electric power .
If the latest forecast from the World Energy Council WEC can be believed , global electricity requirements will double in the next 40 years .
At the same time , prices for the dwindling resources of petroleum and natural gas are climbing .
" Rising energy prices are making alternative energy sources increasingly cost - effective .
Sometime in the coming years , renewable energy sources , such as solar energy , will be competitive , even without subsidization , " explains Dr. Arnold Gillner , head of the microtechnology department at the Fraunhofer Institute for Laser Technology in Aachen , Germany .
" Experts predict that grid parity will be achieved in a few years .
This means that the costs and opportunities in the grid will be equal for solar electricity and conventionally generated household electricity . "
Together with his team at the Fraunhofer Institute for Laser Technology ILT in Aachen , this researcher is developing technologies now that will allow faster , better , and cheaper production of solar cells in the future .
" Lasers work quickly , precisely , and without contact .
In other words , they are an ideal tool for manufacturing fragile solar cells .
In fact , lasers are already being used in production today , but there is still considerable room for process optimization . "
In addition to gradually improving the manufacturing technology , the physicists and engineers in Aachen are working with solar cell developers - for example , at the Fraunhofer Institute for Solar Energy Systems ISE in Freiburg - on new engineering and design alternatives .
New production technologies allow new design alternatives
At " Laser 2009 " in Munich , the researchers will be demonstrating how lasers can drill holes into silicon cells at breathtaking speed :
The ILT laser system drills more than 3,000 holes within one second .
Because it is not possible to move the laser source at this speed , the experts have developed optimized manufacturing systems which guide and focuses the light beam at the required points .
" We are currently experimenting with various laser sources and optical systems , " Gillner explains .
" Our goal is to increase the performance to 10,000 holes a second .
This is the speed that must be reached in order to drill 10,000 to 20,000 holes into a wafer within the cycle time of the production machines . "
The tiny holes in the wafer - their diameter is only 50 micrometers - open up undreamt - of possibilities for the solar cell developers .
" Previously , the electrical contacts were arranged on the top of the cells .
The holes make it possible to move the contacts to the back , with the advantage that the electrodes , which currently act as a dark grid to absorb light , disappear .
And so the energy yield increases .
The goal is a degree of efficiency of 20 percent % in industrially - produced emitter wrap - through ( EWT ) cells , with a yield of one - third more than classic silicon cells , " Gillner explains .
The design principle itself remains unchanged :
In the semi - conductor layer , light particles , or photons , produce negative electrons and positive holes , each of which then wanders to the oppositely poled electrodes .
The contacts for anodes and cathodes in the EWT cells are all on the back , there is no shading caused by the electrodes , and the degree of efficiency increases .
With this technique , it may one day be possible to use unpurified " dirty " silicon to manufacture solar cells that have poorer electrical properties , but that are cheaper .
Drilling holes into silicon cells is only one of many laser applications in solar cell manufacturing .
In the EU project Solasys - Next Generation Solar Cell and Module Laser Processing Systems - an international research team is currently developing new technologies that will allow production to be optimized in the future .
ILT in Aachen is coordinating the six million euro project .
" We are working on new methods that make the doping of semiconductors , the drilling and the surface structuring of silicon , the edge isolation of the cells , and the soldering of the modules more economical , " project coordinator Gillner explains .
For example , " selective laser soldering " makes it possible to improve the rejection rates and quality of the contacting , and so reduce manufacturing costs .
Until now , the electrodes were mechanically pressed onto the cells , and then heated in an oven .
" But silicon cells often break during this process , " Gillner knows .
" Breakage is a primary cost factor in production .
"
On the other hand , however , with " selective laser soldering " the contacts are pressed on to the cells with compressed air and then soldered with the laser .
The mechanical stress approaches zero and the temperature can be precisely regulated .
The result : Optimal contacts and almost no rejects .
Laser technology means more efficient thin film cells
Laser technology is also helping to optimize the manufacture of thin film solar cells .
The extremely thin film packages made of semiconducting oxide , amorphous silicon , and metal that are deposited onto the glass panels still have a market share of only ten percent .
But as Gillner knows , " This could be higher , because thin film solar cells can be used anywhere that non-transparent glass panels can be mounted , for example , on house facades or sound - insulating walls .
But the degrees of efficiency are comparable low at five to eight percent , and the production costs are comparatively high . "
The laser researchers are working to improve these costs .
Until now , the manufacturers have used mechanical methods or solid - state lasers in the nanosecond range in order to structure the active layers on the glass panels .
In order to produce electric connections between the semiconductor and the metal , grooves only a few micrometers wide must be created .
At the Fraunhofer - Gesellschaft booth at " Laser 2009 " the ILT researchers will be demonstrating a 400 - watt ultrashort pulse laser that processes thin - film solar modules ten times faster than conventional diode - pumped solid - state lasers .
" The ultrashort pulse laser is an ideal tool for ablating thin layers :
It works very precisely , does not heat the material and , working with a pulse frequency of 80 MHz , can process a 2 - by - 3 meter glass panel in under two minutes , " Gillner reports .
" The technology is still very new , and high - performance scanning systems and optical systems adapted to the process must be developed first .
In the medium term , however , this technology will be able to reduce production costs . "
The rise of laser technology in solar technology is just taking off , and it still has a long way to go .
" Lasers simplify and optimize the manufacture of classic silicon and thin - film cells , and they allow the development of new design alternatives , " Gillner continues .
" And so laser technology is making an important contribution towards allowing renewable energy sources to penetrate further into the energy market . "
Source : Fraunhofer - Gesellschaft ( news : web )
Explore further Laser joining of solar cells
Try as he might , Fred could n't seem to get his new double wide cat scratcher to scratch any part of him whatsoever .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Today , prompted by an anecdote at the American Thinker , The Other McCain ( the conservative Hunter S. Thompson for today ) wrote about finding and convincing future ex-Democrats that conservatism is the shiznit .
Also , on RedState pilgrim wrote that the Thugocracy Will Yield a Bumper Crop of Ex-Democrats .
I think that I shall never see ,
A billboard lovely as a tree Future Ex-Democrat .
( Ogden Nash , mostly )
Like many another unique snowflake , I am going to apply my own unique point of view to the problem .
Here goes .
Luckily or not , most Republicans were raised as Republicans .
Their parents were Republicans .
Their parents ’ parents were Republicans .
The party is like mother ’s milk to them , a comfort and a refuge .
The other , rarer kind of Republican is the convert from either political don’t - give - a- dammism or the Democrat side of the aisle .
I am going to be writing about Democrats in this article , but everything applies equally to do n’t - give - a- dammers .
Future ex-Democrats eventually get turned off by something in the Democrat party .
It may be the economic or regulatory insanity , the alliances with America ’s enemies at war , the vicious abuse of those whose opinions differ from the mob ’s consensus , the egalitarian attack on equality , the Orwellian torture of language to mean its opposite , the shameless hero worship and narcissism of the movement , the treatment of women , gays and blacks as pet minorities who vote for Democrats but should really shut up , the morally inverted insistence on killing children in the womb plus saving terrorists and serial killers from the death penalty , or the general acceptance of “ the lie ” as the way the world is supposed to work ; something about Democrats turns Future ex-Democrats off .
When that turn - off happens , as it inevitably will , one of two things happens .
Either the turned - off Democrat gets homesick and rejoins the Democrats , while tabling the turn - off .
Or the turned - off Democrat finds something about the Republicans that is different enough , and compelling enough , to convince him to sever part or all his attachment to the Democrat Party .
With some Democrats , this process will occur several times .
With others there is only one chance .
So we had better seize that chance !
To effectively nurture turned - off Democrats and grow them into ex-Democrats and possible Republicans , Republicans need to be ready .
They need to know their strengths and the corresponding Democrat weaknesses .
They need to be tough instead of wishy - washy politically correct nincompoops .
In other words , Republicans who wish to recruit Future ex-Democrats need to distinguish themselves from Democrats , who are wishy - washy politically correct nincompoops .
Remember , if the turned - off Democrat wants to find someone who is just like a Democrat they would simply rejoin their old party .
Imitating Democrats does not fool anyone .
It just brings admiration from the media and Democrats ( but I repeat myself ) who do not have Republican best interests at heart .
There are three main appeals that Republicans can make to turned - off Democrats , corresponding to the three legs of the conservative stool : Fiscal ; Social ; and National Security .
Fiscal Conservatism and Free Market Economics
As R. S. McCain points out , the biggest problem with Democrats in 2009 , the year of the not - a- stimulus Stimulus and the $ 1.8 Trillion deficit ( 46 % of spending and trending up ) , is their numbers do n’t add up .
Democrat economics have not ever worked , do not work now , and will never work .
They are based on the same old discredited Keynesian , fascist , and socialist caveman - economics nostrums that have failed in every modern country in which they ’ve been tried .
To the extent that the US travels ( once again ) down the socialist road , that will be more wasted time , economically speaking .
It always is .
Compare their economics , and the economics of the middling Republicans - lite who currently dominate the leadership councils of the Republican party , to the free market economics that Reagan employed to power the American economy into 30 years of growth , that JFK used to jump start the economy in 1961 , and that the underrated Harding used to recover from the Depression of 1920 - 21 and usher in the roaring twenties .
In one year the US economy suffered a 21 % contraction in GDP and unemployment up +133 % from 2.1 M to 4.9 M , now the incident is forgotten because Harding ’s approach fixed it so quickly .
Of course there is an alternative to a socialist economy that Obama and his advisors may take .
Often called corporatism or mercantilism , or fascism if you ’re being technical , this path combines private ownership and government control of companies , with profits being privatized and losses coming out of the taxpayer ’s wallet .
That sounds like a bailout ; does n’t it ?
To the extent that the Democrat team tries to turn the American economy into another fascist command economy like that of China it will be an economic loss , and a loss of freedoms for all .
There is an unpleasant memory from 2008 for many Republicans .
The Ron Paul campaign demonstrated how strong the appeal of free markets can be .
The Ron Paul movement tried to take the Republican party over and failed .
There were some parts of the movement that Republicans were right to resist .
But Ron Paul ’s economics were the only economics espoused by any candidate in the elections that spoke to what was happening .
And to a large degree the same excitement brought to the surface by Ron Paul ’s campaign has energized the TEA Party movement , a popular grassroots movement for sound economics in a world of fiscal insanity .
Republicans might desire to stick with the Keynesian ideas of the past because they are familiar , but that would be a mistake .
Government stimuli have never been known to actually work .
The Great Depression was not fixed with government spending .
The opposite is true .
It was an example of amazingly effective government propaganda and deficit financed payoffs ( that we are still paying for ) .
Republicans should not constantly invoke Reagan , but they should follow his sound economic principles .
The free market economics of the Chicago school or the Hayekian and Misesian schools were behind Reagan ’s greatest successes .
If Republicans want to succeed they should wake up and embrace free market ( libertarian ) economics .
It ’s where the TEA Parties are leading .
Republicans should not ignore it .
Start at these sites .
Social Conservatism : Life , Liberty , and Property
Republicans believe in individual freedom as opposed to coerced sameness .
We believe in law and order and politeness , and that as long as people do n’t trespass on each others ’ life , liberty , or property , or break the laws and duties of free men in a free society under the rule of law , they can pretty much do what they like .
That does not mean license to live in anarchy , with chaos and thuggery the result , but the respect of armed men and women for each other ’s unique ideas , opinions , and abilities .
As a side note , this is why Republicans stink at enforcing Party uniformity in Congressional votes .
They are all individualists with their own opinions , and they rebel against attempts to rein them in .
The idea of equality as conservatives and Republicans understand it is that we are all unique , more unique than snowflakes , but are treated equally by the laws , with equally applicable individual duties , and are equal in the eyes of God .
In nations before the US came along laws applied differently depending on who you were .
A noble could ride a horse .
A peasant would be flogged for riding a horse .
Only the king could wear purple .
Only a knight could wear boots above mid-calf .
Alcohol could n’t be purchased on Sundays unless you were a noble and member of a private club .
A gentleman could flog a peasant without punishment or payment , but if a peasant hit a gentleman the punishment was death .
These examples of different justice for different classes of people are an example of inequality under the law .
The principle of equality under the law means that as long as people obey the laws they will be treated equally , and if they break the laws they will be treated just like others who break the same laws .
This is the intent at least .
Sometimes the execution falls short .
But that does not damn the intent , but rather the performance .
And performance can be reformed and improved , and is over time .
After all , Republicans managed to get rid of slavery over the objections of the Democrat party , passed the 13th , 14th , and 15th amendments against the Democrat Jim Crow laws , and wrote and voted for the bill that became the 1964 Civil Rights
Act in higher percentages than the Democrats did .
Slavery and its successor , Jim Crow , was the greatest injustice in the American land , and it was banned almost entirely by Republicans .
Abortion is the new great injustice that kills over a million children every year , including one out of three pregnancies of black mothers .
That ’s true , by the way .
Look it up .
And I think 33 % killed out of a population qualifies as genocide under the commonly accepted definitions .
Yet Democrats , once again , oppose the rights of a certain class of persons .
This time instead of denying a class of people , black skinned people , their liberty , they deny a class of people , unwanted or inconvenient children , the right to live .
Egalitarianism : Republicans are opposed to the other concept of equality , called egalitarianism or “ equality of results . ”
Under the concept of egalitarianism , the government takes from some and gives to others .
This is a violation of property rights .
If a private person did it this would be called theft .
But when the government does it some claim this makes it okay .
It does not .
Government involvement does not turn theft into something good ; it only turns the government itself into an offender against equal justice , which should protect all equally but is corrupted by a corrupt government .
Life , Liberty , and Property are the three most important human rights according to Republicans .
Sir William
Blackstone chose them way back in 1765 , because as he pointed out , when a tyrant has the right on a whim to take away Life , Liberty ( freedom to travel ) , or Property , then none of the human rights are worth a bucket of warm spit .
So these rights are jealously guarded and none have the right to take them away on a whim , but only for an offense against the law and after due deliberation by a duly appointed jury .
Some Republicans may not believe in God themselves , but all Republicans fiercely guard the right of Americans to believe in God in private and in public .
They realize that America was founded by people seeking the freedom to practice their religion , not by people seeking to prevent others from practicing their religion .
This modern state opposition to religion in public is opposed to everything the founders stood for , was invented by the racist , anti-Catholic bigot Hugo Black , and Republicans would reverse this state hostility to religion in an instant if they could .
Republicans believe in strict Constitutionalism .
They believe that the Constitution was intentionally written to be a short document , with a very short list of enumerated powers for the federal government , because Madison and the rest knew the larger the federal government got the more it would steal rights and freedoms away from individuals and the states .
This is the way to totalitarianism and tyranny .
The United States , founded in rebellion against tyranny , must not descend into it once again .
And on the question of how tightly to adhere to the plain language of the Constitution Republicans believe that you either follow the plain language of the Constitution or you ’re just making it up as you go .
There is no middle ground between following the Constitution and making up law by whim .
Religion , constitutionalism , and rights and duties , are important for Republicans because not only do they mean something in themselves , but they also promise that Republicans actually have standards other than the rule of convenience and falsehoods that Democrats use to justify their choices .
This reliability and steadfastness is more attractive than you might believe to turned - off Democrats .
National Security : We ’d Rather Trade , but We ’re Willing to Fight for What We Believe
To be prepared for war is one of the most effective means of preserving peace .
( George Washington )
Republicans generally believe that the United States will only survive and prosper if it maintains its territorial integrity .
In other words it must not allow parts of the country or the waters adjoining it to become lawless or governed by foreign laws .
The Constitution defines two of the federal government ’s powers as military self - defense and control of immigration and citizenship .
This means that the borders should be enforced .
Illegal immigration must be stopped .
Legal immigration , on the other hand , should be fixed .
Right now legal immigration policies for countries like Mexico are draconian .
They need to be repaired .
But the solution to a bad law is not to break the law , but to fix it .
This also means that the US should use its advanced military technology to make America and its allies safer .
Missile defense is just such a technology that would prevent some nuclear weapons from getting through to kill people .
There is nothing wrong with such a defensive weapon .
It would never prevent 100 % of Russia ’s ICBMs from getting through the defensive shields anyway , but it might stop a small flight of nukes from a rogue nation such as Iran or North Korea , both of which have active nuclear weapons programs and long - range ballistic missile programs .
To refuse to defend ourselves with the best technology we have is madness .
When the US gets into a war Republicans support the US military until the end of the war , whether it was a Republican fight or not .
We do n’t believe in proportional response ; we believe in overkill .
Republicans believe that if you go to war with an enemy , first you kill him dead .
Then you kill the corpse .
Then you bomb the greasy stain .
Then you plant grass over the bare dirt and put up a marble statue of a man waving a sword and perched on a rearing horse to memorialize it .
There will be no negotiations other than acceptance of our surrender terms once the war starts .
The American way of war is to win .
That ’s all there is to it !
Any other choice is un-American .
To choose America as an enemy is to choose death .
That ’s how it works when Republicans are in charge .
Democrats behave the opposite way .
A country that declares its enmity to America will be wheedled and bribed with incredible treasures .
See Iran .
And when America goes to war with a Republican president in office , Democrats will side with the enemy against their own country .
Because to Democrats the political opposition to a Republican president is the most important thing in the world , they will gladly betray their own country and its soldiers to enemies while at war without ever feeling a twinge of guilt .
The ends justify any means , no matter how treasonous .
This behavior turns off a lot of Democrats in time of war and Republicans should always be ready to exploit it .
This is what drove me away from the Democrats .
Of course Republicans should prosecute treason when it happens .
Unfortunately they have not been doing so , because they are scared of political in - fighting under the media spotlight .
They should not be .
Prosecution is the only way to discourage treason when Democrats are in the opposition .
If a nation is friendly America will be the best friend it ever had .
Republicans do n’t believe in foreign aid ; we realize the empirical fact that aid money just goes to line the pockets of dictators or pays for troops to oppress and plunder the citizens .
Republicans believe in trade with countries because that creates jobs , freedom , and lasting wealth and raises the people out of poverty , instead of just turning a dictator into another billionaire .
It also creates markets for American products , and brings in a multiplicity of foreign products for Americans to enjoy .
Democrats behave the opposite way .
A country that stands by America ’s side in time of trouble will be betrayed , or treated like a pet poodle by Democrats .
See Iraq .
* * *
Please forgive my long - windedness .
I hope that somewhere amongst all the extrapolation and digression something has proved useful for Republicans who want to improve their ability to recruit Future Ex-Democrats and convince them that Republicans are the principled , truthful , honest , hopeful , predictable , kind , and winning party .
Technorati Tags : , , , ,
If you ’re a tinkerer like me , you ’ve probably cracked the case open on at least a few of your electronic gadgets to see what they look like on the inside .
But I bet you ’ve never seen the guts of your video game console quite like this .
It ’s pretty obvious that ’s an Xbox 360 , but see if you can identify them all :
I ’ll give you a clue .
Look at the faint curved handle at the top .
Yep , that ’s a Gamecube .
Hmm , is that an NES or an SNES controller ?
You ’ve got 2 seconds …
It amazes me how absolute empty the Atari 2600 case was compared to today ’s consoles .
Imagine how much better the graphics would have been if they ’d actually filled the box with circuitry .
Contrast that to the jam - packed Sony PS3 .
There ’s definitely not much room to wiggle inside that case :
This one is pretty self - evident .
But is it a DS Lite , DS Phat or a DSi ?
And where are the cracked plastic hinges ?
Oh , they ’re on my DS Lite .
I ’m assuming that the guy who took these photos works as a radiologist , or maybe in airport security .
Or maybe he ’s just got X - ray vision and cameras implanted in his eyeballs .
Yeah , I like that idea best .
I ’ll leave the rest of the images up to you to figure out .
I ’ll give you a hint .
This is NOT a transistor radio or an 8 - track player – or is it ?
All I know is that this guy definitely is n’t a SEGA fan .
You can check out the complete X - Ray fun gallery over on Reintji ’s Flickr album .
[ via Acid Mods ]
February 15 , 2008 at 9:06 am | sam | grad life , hardware
Any moderately good bike is always under threat on Stanford ’s campus .
Jerks drive around with pickup trucks and just steal any bike they can sell .
I had my first road bike stolen my first year , and I ’m still pissed off about it .
Now I ride the junkiest beater - bike I can : no derailleurs ( poor - man ’s fixie ) , bad brakes , rusty chain , etc .
Nevertheless , some idiot stole the rear wheel off this heap ; they needed a wrench to remove that piece of crap wheel , and there ’s no way they could have sold it for anything more than 12 cents .
The crazy thing : there were wheels all over the ground from previous thefts .
I just grabbed one that sorta fit , and rode away .
WTF ?!?
Why take the time to steal a crap wheel when there are half a dozen equally crappy wheels sitting on the ground , rife for the taking ?
This morning , I saw evidence of some asshole :
The thief did n’t even have time to remove the jack .
And they left the crank on the ground :
I hope the person who caught the thief in the act disposed of their body in a place where no one will find it .
Or even better , I hope they sold the body on eBay and made enough cash to buy three locks .
I ’m tempted to set up some booby traps on a nice bike some night .
Nothing fatal , just severely uncomfortable .
And something that might lead the police to the thieves .
Any suggestions ?
One of the greatest strengths of the Firefox Web browser is its powerful extension system , which gives third - party developers the ability to expand the browser 's capabilities .
Although this extensibility delivers a lot of value to Firefox users , it also creates some thorny problems .
The darker side of Firefox add - ons was exposed last week when a conflict between the developers of the two popular extensions got out of hand .
The situation has compelled Mozilla to propose a policy change aimed at curbing bad behavior in add - ons .
Firefox 's extension system is really just an officially supported mechanism for monkey - patching the browser .
Extensions are not isolated or sandboxed .
They are broadly permitted to manipulate the browser 's behavior and user interface at will and can easily tamper with the functionality of other extensions .
This approach to extensibility is a double - edged sword .
Although it allows developers to create extremely useful extensions that can deeply integrate with virtually any aspect of Firefox , it simultaneously opens the door for troubling security problems and compatibility issues .
Mozilla goes to great lengths to mitigate the symptoms of this problem by establishing all kinds of protective barriers that help users avoid unwanted and unsafe extensions , but little can be done to address the problem itself .
Extensions still regularly break each other by accident and mess up the browser in all kinds of unintended ways .
This is a well - known problem that has been explored elsewhere in detail .
A more pernicious problem emerges when extensions break each other intentionally as a result of conflicting interests and ideologies .
NoScript is a widely - used extension that is designed to block browser scripting and plugins .
NoScript 's behavior is regarded by some experts as a major security improvement because it reduces the browser 's exposure to untrusted JavaScript .
NoScript developer Giorgio Maone recently had a controversial altercation with Wladimir Palant , the developer behind AdBlock Plus , an extension that uses a blacklist to selectively prevent websites from displaying advertisements .
Maone funds the development of NoScript by placing advertisements on the extension 's official website and by receiving donations from end -users .
In order to prevent AdBlock Plus from undermining the financial sustainability of his project , Maone modified the NoScript website and circumvented the block .
Palant responded by instructing the AdBlock Plus filter list maintainer — an individual known as Ares2 — to add a filter that would specifically block ads on Maone 's domain .
Maone found new ways to work around the filters , but Ares2 consistently retaliated by adding increasingly draconian rules to the filter list .
Eventually , Ares2 added rules that fundamentally broke the NoScript website .
Maone lost patience and decided to use his own extension to fight back .
He added a feature to NoScript that surreptitiously disrupted AdBlock Plus .
He used encoded strings so that the hack would not be immediately discernible to other developers who inspect NoScript 's internals .
Users were furious that this change was made without any warning or notification .
They brought the matter to the attention of Palant who responded by writing a scathing blog entry that excoriates NoScript .
The blog entry attracted an enormous amount of attention and significantly increased the visibility of the conflict .
Mozilla personnel tasked with maintaining order in the add - ons ecosystem were not happy with the situation .
They responded by proposing a new policy that describes some basic principles which define boundaries for appropriate extension behavior .
According to the proposed policy , extensions should not arbitrarily modify user settings without proper disclosure .
It says that major changes should be opt - in only and that the original settings should be fully restored when an extension is uninstalled .
Maone decided to agree to these principles and has issued an updated version of NoScript to completely revert the controversial changes .
In an apologetic blog entry published on Monday , he expressed deep regret for his conduct and acknowledged that his attempt to surreptitiously disrupt AdBlock Plus with his own extension was inappropriate .
" I had this crazy idea of retaliating against EasyList ' from the inside ' , and in my blindness I did not grasp that I was really retaliating against my own users and the Mozilla community at large , " he wrote .
" I beg you to accept my most sincere apologies and believe in my shame and contrition . "
Although Maone has received most of the criticism and scrutiny in this conflict , the actions taken by Ares2 are also troubling .
The overzealous filter updates that were pushed to AdBlock Plus users made it impossible for them to download the NoScript extension from the NoScript website .
That looks like a breach of user trust that is at least as egregious as what Maone did .
The conflict is over , but it raises a lot of really tough questions about the implications of the extension system and whether developers can be trusted with the level of access to the program 's internals that it affords them .
As always , users need to exercise caution and be mindful of how deep extensions can reach into their browsing experience .
Arsenal tonight appeared to have ­succeeded in their attempt to sign the midfielder Andrei Arshavin from Zenit St Petersburg when the player 's agent ­confirmed a deal had been agreed but that the club must still wait for the Premier League to ratify the ­transfer tomorrow .
" It was completed in extra - time but we must wait for confirmation , " said Dennis Lachter .
" In 16 years this has been the most difficult transfer ever . "
The Premier League confirmed that a number of transfers remain to be signed off tomorrow and Arshavin's is understood to be among those .
The 27 - year - old 's arrival at the Emirates for a fee of about £ 15 m represents a telling departure in Arsène Wenger 's player recruitment policy .
Arsenal 's manager is notoriously sceptical about buying footballers already at their peak and of conducting business in the mid-season window .
But with Arsenal five points behind fourth - placed Aston Villa Wenger is under severe pressure to ensure qualification for next season 's Champions League .
He is thus in need of a proven performer .
The deal is also notable for the unique part played by the fee demanded by Zenit from Arshavin , which was the sticking point throughout the month , and came close to scuppering the move right up to yesterday 's 5 pm deadline .
The playmaker received a huge signing - on " loyalty bonus " when he re-signed for the Russian club in 2006 , which was awarded on the understanding that Arshavin would complete his four - year contract .
Having spent a little over two and a half years in St Petersburg the club 's board demanded the difference be returned by Arshavin , and it was only in the final minutes , after a fortnight of brinkmanship from the differing parties , that agreement was reached .
The day had begun with Arshavin waking up in a Hertfordshire hotel , after he had flown to the UK to prepare himself for a medical in case of the deal going through .
But those hopes appeared to have died at about midday , when Arshavin was reported to have left for a nearby airport after his advisers had decided that Arsenal 's salary offer to Arshavin , plus Zenit 's demand for the part repayment of the loyalty bonus , were unacceptable .
At that point sources close to the midfielder had said they were furious with both Zenit and Arsenal , claiming the on - off saga was " definitely off .
We 're very disappointed , a deal has been worked on for nine months .
First it was Tottenham last summer , now Arsenal , " one source said .
" What 's the problem with this deal ?
Money as always .
The Russians are animals and how can Arsenal offer less than £ 15 m and half of Arshavin 's contract ?
" He 's getting ¤ 3.875 m and the club is offering half .
Who would take another job for half the money ?
Arsenal have been making big waves by saying this would be the big historic transfer in the history of the Gunners .
Well , it 's bull .
They thought they could pull this off by saying we are a big club , this is a nice country , all that stuff .
But he 's not a 16 - year - old from Africa .
The life in England is more expensive – a car , a house , it 's all more expensive in London , and he has to bring his family , he has one kid who is three years old , another who is one years old .
It 's ridiculous . "
Executives at the Emirates , who had woken convinced Arshavin was certain to become an Arsenal player , now began frantic work to save the deal .
By 5 pm Arshavin had passed a medical , a fee between the clubs had been agreed , a settlement reached on Arshavin 's contract demands , and the requisite papers were filed with the Premier League .
Whether a compromise was found regarding the amount Zenit demanded from Arshavin , and if this was paid by the player or his new employers , is still unclear .
• This article was amended on Tuesday 3 February 2009 .
Andrei Arshavin actually re-signed for Zenit in 2006 , rather than signing for them ; he had been in the club 's first team since 2000 .
This has been corrected .
Are the Browns still considering trading Braylon Edwards ?
Tony Grossi of the Cleveland Plain Dealer wonders aloud if the Browns are still intent on trading Braylon Edwards after recently signing free agent Mike Furrey , who now joins a crowded receiver corps .
• Until proven otherwise , we ’ve got to assume a trade of Braylon Edwards is still being explored .
Surely he ’s not scoring points with Mangini by missing the “ voluntary ” offseason conditioning workouts .
Perhaps the Browns are bracing for the possibility of Edwards also skipping the two “ voluntary ” minicamps scheduled later this month .
Securing a No. 1 pick in 2010 for Edwards now would give the Browns some comfort moving forward .
•
If Edwards does not return , the Browns have a lack of speed at the wideout position .
Robiskie and Massaquoi — again , they ’re rookies — run decent for their size , but they wo n’t be getting behind many NFL corners .
Furrey , 32 , is a possession receiver .
David Patten will be 35 when the season starts .
As for the other receivers returning from last year ’s roster — Paul Hubbard , Syndric Steptoe , Lance Leggett —
I have n’t heard Mangini or Kokinis mention any of their names since they ’ve been on the job .
•
Perhaps the Browns are merely adding competition to the receiver position .
But it ’s odd that they are n’t doing the same at running back .
I did n’t excerpt this portion , but in his article Grossi makes a good point that it ’s unrealistic to assume that both Brian Robiskie and Mohamed Massaquoi ( two receivers the Browns drafted in the second round of last month ’s draft ) will develop into starters as rookies .
However , while Massaquoi was largely considering a raw prospect by some scouts , Robiskie was the most polished receivers to enter the draft so it would n’t be far - fetched if he turned some heads this summer and became a starter .
( His father is long - time NFL assistant and current Falcons ’ receiver coach Terry Robiskie , so you know Brian has had excellent training throughout his young career . )
In regards to trading Edwards , the Browns are setting themselves up for either outcome .
The additions they have made to their receiving corps this offseason have n’t been spectacular , but they could at least get them through a season if they do wind up trading Edwards .
Edwards becomes a free agent after the 2009 season and it appears that he does n’t want to re-sign with Cleveland , so the Browns would obviously love to get some kind of compensation for him if he does plan on bolting .
But if they wind up hanging onto him , he is still their most talented receiver and would be their top playmaker in the passing game next season .
I do n’t know if I would say it ’s a win -win for the Browns , but at least they seem to have a plan .
Parliament 's culture committee says the Police 's notorious " Form 696 " should be scrapped , and called for red tape to be eased for venues wishing to put on live music .
21 London boroughs have introduced a requirement that venues complete the ' Metropolitan Police Promotion and Event Assessment Form 696 ' , for every live performance .
The form , as we reported here , allows police to demand personal details of every performer at every live event in the borough , so they could conduct a " terror " risk assessment .
UK Music chief Feargal Sharkey had raised the issue before the committee last year - sparking national publicity .
UK Music welcomed the recommendation to scrap the form .
" UK Music has been vocal amongst musicians , civil liberty campaigners and members of the public who want to see this counter - productive and morally questionable risk assessment form scrapped .
I am delighted the Committee feels the same way , " he said in a statement .
The culture , media and sport committee also called for the Statutory Guidance attached to the Licensing Act to be reworded - making it " to remove the overt linkage of live music with public disorder . "
Members noted that this was n't justified by the evidence - and burglar alarms prompted more public complaints about noise nuisance than music venues .
The 2003 Licensing
Act requires venues to pay a one - off base fee of between £ 100 and £ 635 , and an annual fee of between £ 70 and £ 350 , dependent on the property value of the premises .
But such is the red tape involved , local authorities reckon that it costs £ 100 m more to implement the act than they raise from fees .
So MPs called for a number of other changes .
Smaller venues ( with a capacity of under 200 ) and nonprofits such as church halls , sports clubs and youth clubs should n't have to apply for a license at all .
And noting the reduction of live music in ' secondary venues ' - such as restaurants - they said venues hosting one or two performers of non-acoustic material should n't need a license , either .
Two tubas is OK . ®
Reflections on the chronology of the financial crisis
Roger Kubarych
The financial crisis is not over but it seems less scary since the US stock market decided that most big banks will survive .
This column provides a current scoreboard of the crisis game and reminds everybody that the underlying problems are hardly resolved .
A lot of banks sorely need capital and need to raise it relatively cheaply .
The financial crisis is not over but it has seemed less scary in the weeks since the US stock market decided that most big banks will survive .
But before we get complacent , do n’t forget how far the market has gone down ( basically it lost almost half its peak value ) and how little the net bounce has been ; year - to - date , the S&P 500 is still lower .
That compares to +20 % in Brazil , +25 % in Venezuela , and +40 % in Russia and China , just to pick out a few big winners .
Instead , some eye - opening numbers should remind everybody that the underlying problems are hardly resolved :
mortgages securitised by Wall Street ( in so - called “ private label ” mortgage - backed securities , ( MBS ) ) represent 16 % of all mortgages , but over 50 % of seriously delinquent mortgages
distressed sales accounted for a formidable 45 % of all existing home sales
average home prices are down 32 % from their peak
Here ’s a current scorecard of this dismal game , which started in February 2007 .
We ’re still only in the top of the fifth inning ( just before half - time of a European football match ) .
Who caused the meltdown and where they stand today ?
· Underlying borrowers were reckless .
Now they ’re preoccupied with surviving the recession .
So those who can borrow do n’t want to , while those who want to often can’t .
· Loan originators ( Countrywide , New Century Financial , GMAC , Household / HSBC , et al ) and securitisers ( Lehman , Merrill , Citi , Mgn Stanley , Bear ) were complicit .
Now several of the big originators are either defunct , like New Century ; merged , like Countrywide into BofA ; or for sale , like Household .
Same for the securitisers ( fill in the blanks ) .
· Ratings agencies were conflicted .
Now they are vindictive ( and scared of being put out of business ) .
· Buy side was lazy and cheap ; lazy , because they did n’t do their own due diligence on complex securities such as collateralised debt obligations ; cheap , because they did n’t hire objective experts to advise them .
Instead like lemmings they followed the ratings over the cliff .
Now they ’re ashamed of how gullible they were and distrustful of Wall St .
· Money was too easy and too readily available for too long .
Now it is appropriately easy but not readily available .
· Everybody was taking on too much leverage .
Now everybody is trying to deleverage at the same time , which is impossible and makes the crisis drag on .
· The Fed closed its eyes , while the SEC had given a nearly blank check to the entire investment banking industry to go to extremes .
Now they duck accountability while blaming all of the above .
· Regulators were clueless in other ways ( proven conclusively by the Madoff scandal ) and politicians were living up to their reputations .
Now regulators are n’t sure what role they should play ; as tough enforcers or as genteel partners .
And Congress is happy just to hold hearings and make people squirm .
After the financial meltdown came the Great Unraveling ( the almost inevitable sequel to the ill - named Great Moderation ) , characterised by deleveraging .
The horrors of deleveraging
The sell side ( meaning the main investment banks and investment banking divisions of big commercial banks , known in Europe as “ universal banks ” ) did n’t understand the MBS / CDOs any better than their customers and thus , believed their own sales pitches and bought too much of their own product , and did n’t pay much attention to their sales contracts which often gave clients the right to put the securities back to them , and underestimated how fiercely those deceived buy side clients could and would strike back .
The Fed either misunderstood how the financial system was working or knew but decided to try to cover it all up .
( The BofA chairman Ken Lewis ’s remarks to NY Attorney General Andrew Cuomo ’s interrogation that Paulson and Bernanke urged him not to disclose huge Merrill Lynch shareholders because they feared it would mutilate the whole system are instructive . )
Incidentally , the Fed ’s calling it just a liquidity crisis in the fall of 2007 , at a time when CEOs were getting fired ( Merrill ’s O’Neal , Citi ’s Prince , & others ) was and is baffling .
CEOs do n’t get fired for liquidity problems .
The global dimensions of what was unfolding were initially ignored .
Then we had BNP Paribas restricting fund redemptions , IKB and Sachsen Landesbank failing in Germany , Northern Rock imploding in Britain , and even UBS getting scalded .
Policy responses
The Fed went from providing liquidity to providing lender of last resort assistance ( via the Term Auction Facility , TAF , essentially the anonymous discount window ) , to becoming intermediary of first resort ( commercial paper financing facility , e.g. ) to ending up creating the mother of all maturity mismatches through the mortgage - backed securities buying binge– which the Fed Chairman admits wo n’t be unwound ( actually it can be , but the losses that would probably be involved would shock even the Fed ’s most dependable apologists ) .
Treasury went from capitalist to socialist in three easy steps ; marriage broker for Bear Stearns – JPMorgan Chase , saviour of Fannie and Freddie , rescuer of AIG -- and thus protector of the biggest derivatives counterparties through the TARP .
[ The execution of Lehman was a brief , ill - conceived diversion . )
What options are still on the table ?
Geithner ’s latest gambit , call it Son of TARP , is announced but far from implemented ;
It is incredible the number of commentators , some very famous , who lump together the two totally separate programs he proposed .
They are very different .
One is sensible , the other is questionable :
· The legacy loan program could work .
We could call it the Return of Standard Credit Card Trust ( the first successful securitisation outside mortgages , developed by a troubled Citibank in 1988 in order to retain its profitable credit card business by securitising credit card receivables .
Since then every big bank has done the same . )
What could make it work are these features ; the FDIC ’s deep ( for now ) pockets to provide leverage ; its willingness to do due diligence , so only the better loans get the full 6:1 leverage ; auctions that could work because banks can withdraw if bidders bid too low ; and , best of all , a fine objective , liquefying illiquid loans ( forget whether they are “ distressed ” or not ) that will improve capital ratios .
· Legacy securities program is unlikely to be a big success .
Once again it demonstrates the dangers of well - meaning , but hastily devised schemes .
Why unlikely to be successful ; Selecting a “ Fab 5 ” of firms to buy and manage toxic securities , but with the taxpayer taking the vast majority of the economic risk was a recipe for taxpayer indignation .
And it could have led to collusion among the “ Fab 5 ” .
Treasury seems to have figured this out and now says it is prepared to take on more bond managers but the most likely Fab 5 candidates may in the meantime be getting cold feet .
But prodding banks to sell securities and force realised losses – that is not going to be easy unless the US Treasury is intent on putting them out of business or forcing mergers with other institutions .
Some suggestions
Sensible ideas abound , not least by Lynn Tilton ( not as famous Bill Gross or Peter Fisher , but she ’s been in the middle of toxicity for decades ) as interviewed by Lauren Tara LaCapra in The Street.com .
Also University of Chicago Finance Professor Luigi Zingales has published a number of widely - circulated , promising suggestions , too .
Unblocking markets in which buyers see huge downside risks that sellers do n’t is not easy .
Somebody has to step in and provide options contracts that give sellers a clear upside potential if they are right ( but have to sell to keep their government bail - out money ) and somebody has to insure a portion of the downside risk so that the buyers will bid more for toxic , illiquid securities .
That somebody is the taxpayer .
But taxpayers have to be rewarded more generously than the Geithner plan .
The alternative is to buy time ; keep delaying implementation of the legacy securities program , cross your fingers , and hope that the housing market stabilises sooner than feared .
When foreclosures stop climbing and then start to inch even a little lower , there will be a huge sigh of relief and the CDO market will gradually unfreeze .
That ’s why the foreclosure prevention program tucked into the Obama stimulus package is still the most important ingredient .
And why state and local governments deserve help in buying foreclosed properties before they are boarded up and spoil whole neighbourhoods .
In the meantime , by all means implement the legacy loan program and help a lot of banks raise some sorely needed capital relatively cheaply .
Also :
Dr. Moses said the team fired the laser only at night and did maintenance and equipment upgrades during the day .
“ This is a 24/7 facility , ” he said .
The previous night , he said , the laser had been fired in an effort to improve coordination and timing .
The 192 rays have to strike the target as close to simultaneously as possible .
The individual beams , he said , have to hit “ within a few trillionths of a second ” of one another if the fuel is to burn , and be pointed at the target with a precision “ within half the diameter of your hair . ”
The control room , modeled on NASA ’s mission control in Houston , was buzzing with activity , even though some consoles sat empty .
Phones rang .
Walkie - talkies crackled .
The countdown to firing the lasers , Dr. Moses said , took three and half hours , with the process “ pretty much in the hands of computers . ”
The operations plan for NIF , he added , is to conduct 700 to 1,000 laser firings per year , with about 200 of the experiments focused on ignition .
There is no danger of a runaway blast , he said .
Fusion works by heat and pressure , not chain reactions .
Moreover , the fuel is minuscule and the laser flash extraordinarily short .
During a year of operations , Dr. Moses said , “ the facility is on for only three - thousandths of a second , ” yet will generate a growing cascade of data and insights .
Next on the tour , after more sticky pads , was the holy of holies , the room surrounding the target chamber .
It looked like an engine room out of a science - fiction starship .
The beam lines  now welters of silvery metal filled with giant crystals that shifted the concentrated light to higher frequencies  converged on the chamber ’s blue wall .
Its surface was dotted with silvery portholes where complex sensors could be placed to evaluate the tiny blasts .
“ When it ’s running , ” Dr. Moses said , “ there ’s a lot of stuff at the chamber ’s center . ”
Despite the giant banner outside and its confident prediction , it is an open question whether NIF ’s sensors will ever detect the rays of a tiny star , independent scientists say .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced a 2010 Pentagon budget Monday that reflects major changes in the " scope and significance " of Defense Department priorities .
One of the high - profile programs on the chopping block is the Air Force 's most expensive fighter , the F - 22 Raptor .
The proposed budget cuts several traditional big - ticket items while investing in programs designed to bolster the military 's ability to wage an ongoing conflict against terrorists and other extremist elements in multiple regions at the same time .
Gates acknowledged that parts of the budget are likely to run into significant opposition on Capitol Hill , where lawmakers are concerned in part about preserving valuable defense contracts for their districts and states .
" This is a reform budget , reflecting lessons learned in Iraq and Afghanistan , " Gates said .
" There 's no question that a lot of these decisions will be controversial . "
He called on Congress to " rise above parochial interests and consider what is in the best interests of the nation as a whole . "
House Armed Service Chairman Ike Skelton , D - Missouri , acknowledged that congressmen have concerns about job losses in their home districts but said that ultimately , " the national interest overrides anything . "
" The buck stops with us , " he said .
" We still have a lot of hard work ahead of us . "
Three key priorities are reflected in the changes , Gates said .
The priorities are a stronger institutional commitment to the military 's all - volunteer force , a decision to " rebalance " defense programs to better fight current and future conflicts , and " fundamental overhauls " of the military 's procurement , acquisition and contracting process .
Among other things , Gates called for production of the Air Force 's most expensive fighter , the F - 22 Raptor , to be phased out by fiscal year 2011 .
He also called for terminating a proposed fleet of 23 presidential helicopters estimated to cost more than $ 13 billion .
The proposed fleet , he noted , was originally projected to cost $ 6.5 billion .
It " has fallen six years behind schedule and runs the risk of not delivering the requested capability , " he said .
Gates maintained that a new fleet of presidential helicopters will still ultimately be necessary , however .
See a list of winners , losers and break - even programs »
At the same time , he said he did not want to pursue a development program for a new Air Force bomber " until we have a better understanding of the need , the requirement and the technology . "
Gates did request 50 Predator and Reaper - class unmanned aerial vehicles by fiscal year 2011 , translating to a 62 percent increase in capability over the current level and 127 percent from a year ago .
The Predator has been used extensively by the military in operations along the Afghanistan - Pakistan border region .
Turning to the military 's overall troop levels , Gates proposed spending an additional $ 11 billion to complete a planned expansion of the Army and Marine Corps while halting reductions in the Air Force and Navy .
A planned 547,000 troop increase , while capping the growth of Army brigade combat teams at 45 as opposed to a previously discussed level of 48 , will be sufficient to " ensure that we have better manned units ready to employ and help put an end to the routine use of stop - loss , " Gates maintained .
" This step will also lower the risk of hollowing the force , " he said .
Gates also proposed a reduction in the use of support service contractors from 39 percent of the Pentagon work force to a pre-2001 level of 26 percent .
The contractors , Gates added , would be replaced with full - time government employees .
To help create a more mobile , flexible force , Gates proposed boosting special operations personnel by 2,800 , or 5 percent , as well as purchasing aircraft designed to provide greater lift mobility and rapid transportation of those forces .
Among other things , he cited a proposed increase in the purchase of " littoral combat ships , a key capability for presence , stability and counterinsurgency operations in coastal regions , " from two to three ships .
The Pentagon 's ultimate goal , he said , is to acquire 55 of these ships .
Another $ 500 million is directed toward boosting " global partnership capacity efforts " through enhanced initiatives for " training and equipping foreign militaries to undertake counterterrorism and stability operations . "
In what may prove to be one of the most controversial aspects of his proposed budget , Gates announced the cancellation or reduction of key elements of the Pentagon 's missile defense system , including the installation of additional ground - based interceptor missiles in Alaska .
The proposed overall missile defense system budget was trimmed by $ 1.4 billion .
A bipartisan group of senators released a letter during Gates ' announcement that urged him " not to allow deep cuts in U.S. missile defense programs that are critically important to protecting our homeland and our allies against the growing threat of ballistic missiles . "
" The threat from ballistic missiles is significant and on the rise .
[ It ] has been underscored by Iran and North Korea 's recent missile tests , " they argued .
The letter was signed by both senators from Alaska -- Republican Lisa Murkowski and Democrat Mark Begich -- among others .
Although Gates was initially appointed Pentagon chief by former President George W. Bush , his overall budget received what appeared to be a mixed reception from congressional Republicans .
" Republicans appreciate Secretary Gates ' effort to shape the Department of Defense so that we more effectively fight the wars our troops are engaged in today .
However , we are concerned about the tradeoffs involved in re-balancing the Department , " New York Rep. John McHugh , the ranking Republican on the House Armed Services committee , said in a written statement .
" It remains the Congress ' responsibility to provide for the common defense , " he warned .
Former Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain , however , said Gates ' budget " is a major step in the right direction . "
" It has long been necessary to shift spending away from weapon systems plagued by scheduling and cost overruns to ones that strike the correct balance between the needs of our deployed forces and the requirements for meeting the emerging threats of tomorrow , " he said .
" I believe Secretary Gates ' decision is key to ensuring that the defense establishment closes the gap between the way it supports current operations and the way it prepares for future conventional threats . "
Georgia Republicans slammed President Obama for Gates ' announcement about the phase - out of the F - 22 Raptor , which is assembled in Cobb County , Georgia .
Rep .
Tom Price , whose district includes the Raptor production facility , called the cut " outrageous " and said Obama 's " priorities are deeply flawed . "
Georgia Sen. Saxby Chambliss said he was " disappointed " in the cuts and accused the administration of being " willing to sacrifice the lives of American military men and women for the sake of domestic programs . "
Sen .
Joe Lieberman , I - Connecticut , was also dismissive of the F - 22 phase - out , although he said he generally supported Gates ' moves to modernize the military .
Some F - 22 production takes place in Connecticut as well .
The proposed overall fiscal year 2010 Defense Department budget is almost $ 534 billion , or nearly $ 664 billion when including the costs of the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The current Pentagon budget totals slightly over $ 513 billion , or almost $ 655 billion including the Iraq and Afghanistan conflicts .
CNN 's Adam Levine , Mike Mount and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report
All About Robert Gates • The Pentagon
I made this little chicken barn a few years ago to house 3 - 5 laying hens in my back yard .
I 'm in town and had to design a " pretty " one to keep people from having a chicken coup ( ha ha ) .
This one was inspired by some Kansas barns I 've seen .
I spent about $ 40 when fully completed .
Chicken wire , some 2x4s and damaged siding were the costs .
Damaged siding is half price at my local lumber store .
Other things used were scrap wood from old bathroom cabinets , leftover hardware , paint , and wood from house projects , and lot of scraps and hardware from a condemned house down the street ( I got permission to take things before they bulldozed it . )
Shingles were given by my neighbor leftover from roofing his garage .
There are some basic rules for designing and running a good healthy chicken shack :
1. Adequate floor space per bird .
2 . Dry with good ventilation .
3. Temperature control .
4. Predator protection .
5 . Keep it clean + fresh water / food = happy & healthy birds .
Many towns actually allow up to 5 chickens but no roosters .
Check local rules on this if you plan to build .
If you do get chickens in town , be courteous to the non-chicken majority so the rest of the city chicken people do n't get punished through politics and zoning .
I submitted pictures of this coop to someone who was working on a coops book a while ago and they included a picture of it in " Chicken Coops , 45 Building Plans for Housing Your Flock . "
By Judy Pangman
Sources for my chicken knowledge :
" Building Chicken Coops " Gail Damerow
The City Chicken , http://www.thecitychicken.com/
Backyard Chickens Forum , http://www.backyardchickens.com/f/
FeatherSite - The Poultry Page , http://www.feathersite.com/Poultry/BRKPoultryPage.html
I recently posted another coop , a chicken outhouse with a beer can roof at diylife.com
More than 1 in 100 adults in the United States are now behind bars .
1 in 31 are in prison , probation or parole .
The U.S. with 5 % of the world ’s population now has 25 % of the world ’s prisoners .
Incarceration of drug offenders has risen 1,200 % since 1980 from 41,000 to 500,000 .
The appetite of the American prison machine is voracious .
Each year 7 million Americans are jailed and approximately 700,000 go on to serve prison sentences .
When a racial prism is added to these numbers the stark reality of racial unfairness is impossible to deny .
And now women and girls are the fastest growing group of prisoners .
Senator Jim Webb of Virginia looks at these numbers and in a speech on the Senate floor wondered out loud : “ Either we have the most evil people on Earth living in the United States , or we are doing something dramatically wrong . ”
He has introduced a bill , which already has 19 co-sponsors including Republicans and Democrats ( including the top three Republicans on the Judiciary Committee ) , that will answer that question .
It sets up a national commission , the National Criminal Justice Commission , which will look at ways to reduce the prison population including rethinking drug policy .
The chairman will be appointed by President Barack Obama who reportedly has called Webb twice to commend this effort .
When Webb ran for the U.S. senate he raised the need for criminal justice reform during the campaign .
Many told him it was a third rail of politics that would make his already improbable election impossible .
But , Webb surprised the country and turned red state Virginia blue .
At a meeting this week in Washington , DC attended by 70 advocates for criminal justice and drug policy reform his staff told us that this issue is a “ passion for Senator Webb ” that is of “ deep importance ” and that he has been concerned about “ for decades . ”
Webb ’s goal , they told us , was to see this bill “ enacted this year . ”
Webb sees the hypocrisy of U.S. drug laws .
He notes that more than half of Americans aged 12 and over have used an illegal drug and wonders “ In talking of legality and illegality , what does that do to the fiber of our society ? ”
He goes on to note that “ I saw more drug use at Georgetown Law School than anywhere else I ’ve been .
A lot of those people went on to be judges . ”
Indeed , the last three U.S. presidents have a history of drug use – Clinton admitted putting a marijuana joint to his lips , but to the nation ’s snickering claimed he did not inhale ; Bush reportedly was a cocaine user during his alcohol abuse days but refused to discuss it ; and now Barack Obama has acknowledged his past use of marijuana and cocaine .
Three presidents who join most of America in having used an illegal drug but who all escaped the clutches of the drug war .
Would America have wanted each imprisoned ?
Their lives ruined ?
And , Senator Webb is well aware of the racially disproportionate impact of the drug laws .
This March 26th , in a Senate speech when he introduced his bill he emphasized : “ African - Americans are about 12 % of our population ; contrary to a lot of thought and rhetoric , their drug use rate in terms of frequent drug use rate is about the same as all elements in our society about 14 % .
But they end up being 37 % of those arrested on drug charges , 59 % of those convicted , and 74 % of those sentenced to prison . ”
What does that do to the African American family ?
What does it do to employment , income and wealth creation ?
Is it possible to become a post- racial society without facing the issue of racial unfairness in the justice system ?
Webb ’s commission would not tinker at the edges of the drug war , a quagmire America has been trapped in since President Nixon declared it , he is seeking fundamental paradigm shifting change , not incremental change .
As Webb says “ America ’s criminal justice system has deteriorated to the point that it is a national disgrace ” and “ we are locking up too many people who do not belong in jail . ”
And , Webb is not shy about discussing what happens in America ’s prisons .
Webb said in his Senate speech : “ We have a situation in this country with respect to prison violence and sexual victimization that is off the charts and we must get our arms around this problem .
We also have many people in our prisons who are among what are called the criminally ill , many suffering from hepatitis and HIV who are not getting the sorts of treatment they deserve . ”
Indeed , 60,500 prison inmates reported sexual assaults and that are estimated to under - reported by approximately ten fold .
He talks about “ warehousing ” the mentally ill , 350,000 people incarcerated with mental illness with no professional treatment , and notes there are four times as many mentally ill people in prison than in mental hospitals .
The Marion Correctional Treatment Center reports the cost of housing each mentally ill inmate at $ 77,561 .
Many Americans might remember that some of the soldiers involved in the Abu Ghraib prison scandal had worked in the U.S. prison system before joining the military .
At the meeting with Webb staffers some families of prisoners described how they are charged $ 20 for a $ 15 telephone call with their loved one because the prison makes a commission on the calls .
Another woman from Louisiana described how her son was sexually assaulted in prison by a guard and then put in solitary confinement until he agreed to withdraw the charges .
Every day in America prisoners are being abused and with 2.4 million behind bars there are millions of family members hearing the stories and telling their friends .
The American prison scandal is more widely understood than politicians and prison guards realize .
For too long Americans have thought nothing can be done about ending the drug war – even though most see its obvious failure .
We are trained to believe that things ca n’t change .
But this has always been the case : Slavery can’t end , women can’t vote , child labor is essential , the forty hour work week is unrealistic , gays can’t marry , Jim Crow will always be the law , alcohol prohibition ca n’t end .
History is proof that even the most seemingly unchangeable can in fact change radically .
The drug war ’s failure is hard to dispute with a straight face it is so evident , and finally there seems to be a senator who takes drugs seriously .
But , Senator Webb has a long way to go and he will not get there without a lot of people speaking up and demanding change .
Senator Webb needs individuals and organizations to write his office and express support .
He needs people to write their elected officials and tell them to support Webb ’s commission .
We need to bring in mainstream American organizations like churches , temples and mosques , civic clubs , fraternities and sororities , business clubs . . . the fact is all of us are adversely affected by the expensive horror of mass incarceration .
Indeed , the basic American ideal of being the “ land of the free ” is undermined by over - incarceration in America ’s abusive prisons .
Now is the time .
The economic collapse is forcing city , state and federal governments to look at their expenditures .
The prison budget deserves special focus .
States spend $ 44 billion annually on prisons .
In almost all states after education and health care , prisons are the biggest budget line item .
Forty states have cut vital services during this economic collapse .
If the U.S. put in place a sensible prison policy – where those who we fear are the only ones locked up , not the addicted , the drug users , the mentally ill or non-violent – the prison population would be closer to 500,000 people rather than 2.4 million .
Immediately states would see a significant fiscal savings at a time when they are desperate for reducing expenditures .
Across the country reforms are being seen at the state level , a boost from a national commission could create the momentum needed for the paradigm shift that is needed .
Senator Webb may have a president in the White House who will take reform of prison and drug policy seriously .
During the presidential campaign President Obama told Rolling Stone :
“ Anybody who sees the devastating impact of the drug trade in the inner cities , or the methamphetamine trade in rural communities , knows that this is a huge problem .
I believe in shifting the paradigm , shifting the model , so that we focus more on a public - health approach .
I can say this as an ex-smoker :
We ’ve made enormous progress in making smoking socially unacceptable .
You think about auto safety and the huge success we ’ve had in getting people to fasten their seat belts .
“ The point is that if we ’re putting more money into education , into treatment , into prevention and reducing the demand side , then the ways that we operate on the criminal side can shift .
I would start with nonviolent , first - time drug offenders .
The notion that we are imposing felonies on them or sending them to prison , where they are getting advanced degrees in criminality , instead of thinking about ways like drug courts that can get them back on track in their lives — it ’s expensive , it ’s counterproductive , and it does n’t make sense . ”
Obama was right – it just does n’t make sense .
Now is the time for all who see these realities to get educated , organized and active .
For more information : Drug War Facts www.DrugWarFacts.org
And , to take action : http://www.colorofchange.org/webb/
– Article from OpEdNews .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
There is no evidence of the swine flu virus spreading in a sustained way outside North America , a top World Health Organization official says .
Dr Michael Ryan , WHO Director of Global Alert and Response , praised European nations ' handling of cases and said events did not seem out of control .
Mexico has cut its suspected death toll by 75 to 101 , indicating the outbreak may not be as bad as initially feared .
The country has ordered a five - day shutdown in a bid to contain the virus .
Mexican Health Minister Jose Angel Cordova told the BBC that , based on samples tested , the mortality rate was comparable with that of seasonal flu .
Dr Ryan , meanwhile , said that there was " no evidence of sustained community spread outside of North America " .
CONFIRMED CASES
Mexico : 101 suspected deaths - 19 confirmed US : One death , 160 confirmed cases New Zealand : 4 confirmed , 12 probable cases Canada : 35 confirmed cases UK , Spain : 15 confirmed cases Germany : 4 confirmed cases France , Israel , Costa Rica : 2 confirmed cases Netherlands , Switzerland , Austria , Denmark , Hong Kong , South Korea , Italy , Irish Republic : 1 confirmed case Countries with confirmed cases of secondary transmission : Mexico US Canada Spain Germany UK
Mapping the outbreak Price hikes in Mexico amid flu panic Did Mexico over - react to flu ?
" I think it would be , at this stage , unwise to suggest that , in any way , those events are out of control or spreading in an uncontrolled fashion , " he said .
" I think the next few days will tell as this develops . "
" At the present time I would still propose that a pandemic is imminent because we see the disease spread , " Dr Ryan added .
The WHO is sending 2.4 m courses of antiviral treatment to 72 nations around the world , Dr Ryan said , among them many developing countries .
But in cases of the virus outside Mexico , the effects do not appear to be severe .
Italy and the Irish Republic reported their first cases on Saturday , bringing the number of countries affected to 18 .
Canada has announced that a herd of pigs has tested positive for swine flu .
A senior agriculture official told a news conference that the pigs may have been infected by a farm worker who fell ill after returning from Mexico last month .
In Egypt , authorities have begun in earnest the slaughter of more than 300,000 pigs , in what was originally described as a precaution against swine flu .
Officials now say the move is a general health measure aimed at restoring order to Egypt 's pig-rearing industry .
International experts say there is no scientific rationale for Egypt 's pig cull Experts say the virus cannot be caught from eating pork and there is no scientific rationale for the cull .
Five countries outside Mexico have confirmed person - to - person transmission .
China is trying to stop the spread of the virus , after getting its first case on Friday .
It says it will quarantine all those who travelled on a flight from Mexico with a man suffering from swine flu .
Flights from Mexico have been suspended , and fellow guests and staff at the Hong Kong hotel where he was staying have been quarantined .
On Saturday , Mexico 's foreign minister advised citizens not to travel to China to avoid the health measures being taken there against Mexicans .
Risk remains
The US has now confirmed 160 cases of swine flu across 21 states but has seen only one death , of a Mexican toddler in Texas .
SYMPTOMS - WHAT TO DO
Swine flu symptoms are similar to those produced by ordinary seasonal flu - fever , cough , sore throat , body aches , chills and fatigue
If you have flu symptoms and recently visited affected areas of Mexico , you should seek medical advice
If you suspect you are infected , you should stay at home and take advice by telephone initially , in order to minimise the risk of infection
Q&A : What is swine flu ?
Mexican economy squeezed by flu
In pictures :
Flu concern grows
The quest for a swine flu vaccine President Barack Obama said in his weekly radio address that the US was taking " all necessary precautions " to ensure it was prepared if the virus developed into " something worse " .
Dr Anne Schuchat , acting deputy director of the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , said that although experts were concerned about the possibility of severe cases , the majority so far had been " mild , self - limited illness " .
The new virus lacked the traits that made the 1918 flu pandemic so deadly , another CDC official said .
Mr Cordova appeared to agree , saying that the Mexican authorities may , on reflection , have overestimated the danger .
He said 43.7 % of samples from suspected cases so far tested had come back positive , a total of 397 .
Sixteen in this group had died .
" That means that apparently , the rate of attack is not as wide as was thought , " he said .
But he stressed that the risk of a rise in infection remains and said some elements of the five - day shutdown - in which many public buildings and businesses have been closed and people urged to stay at home - might be extended .
Have you been affected by swine flu ?
Have you recently visited Mexico ?
Or were you planning to go ?
You can send us your experiences using the form below : A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Created by bagwell on 2009 - 06 - 08 .
Updated : 2009-06-08 , 21:17
Miles Sabin runs a Scala - centric consulting company , Chuusai Ltd , but is perhaps best known in the Scala world for his outstanding contribution to the Scala IDE for Eclipse .
Miles has made a business out of providing companies using Scala with the tools , practical advice , development help , training and the general support they need to be successful quickly .
He took time out to talk about his early Scala experiences , the type of work he now does and some inside scoop on where the Scala IDE for Eclipse is going .
How did you get interested in Scala ?
Miles :
Well it was n't really Scala that first caught my eye .
Back in 1998 I was a member of the Java Community Process working group which designed the NIO event - driven Network IO API which was introduced in Java 1.4 .
The team did great work , but there 's no denying that fully exploiting it to build high - performance network applications is n't easy in Java .
You find yourself bogged down with manually created state machines everywhere and this gets very tedious and very difficult very quickly without corresponding tool support .
My intuition was that language - level support was the way to go , and set out on a long term project to find or invent something appropriate .
Process calculi are very relevant here , and in around 2003 I was excited to discover Funnel , a language based on the Join calculus , coming out of Martin Odersky 's group at EPFL .
It was a very interesting language made even more attractive by targeting the JVM .
I was periodically checking in with the project to see how things were developing when in 2004 EPFL announced that work on Funnel was being discontinued and Scala was to be the new thrust of their research .
Although very different from Funnel , I took one look at Scala and it was love at first sight .
Not only did it address most of the shortfalls I saw in Java but it also appealed to my sense of programming language aesthetics .
I immediately felt at home in the language .
At the time I was the Technical Director of Codefarm , a company specializing in distributed constrained optimization and whose technology was firmly based on Java & OSGI infrastructure .
Our product included a sophisticated domain specific language , something which Scala is ideal for , and we considered moving to Scala then but felt that in 2004 it was a little too immature to bet the company on .
Now things are different and I do n't hesitate to recommend Scala to new clients .
What was it like to learn Scala ?
Miles : Programming languages are a passion of mine , so learning Scala was joy .
There was so much in Scala over Java , some things that 'd I 'd really only seen in the research literature and it was fascinating to see them work out so smoothly in such an elegant practical form : generic types far richer than in Java , dependent and abstract type members , full - blown existentials , even regular expression types .
Then there is the incredible power of algebraic pattern matching , case classes , and extractors extending pattern matching to arbitrary types .
And I just enjoyed not having to use braces and semi colons .
I would have been comfortable with a syntax less like Java 's and closer to Haskell 's , but I think that what we have represents a very well balanced compromise between readability and conciseness .
For all that , having done a lot of rough and ready porting of Java to Scala the most tedious work is turning around the name / type definition order .
Although I understand the logic behind the decision , it still remains a chore .
And sometimes limitations of the JVM force surprising and awkward code patterns in Scala .
Even so , Scala is much more concise and expressive than Java : easily an order of magnitude more pleasurable to work with .
What advice would you give to a Java programmer moving to Scala ?
Miles : First , that it makes perfectly good sense to start out writing Scala just like you would Java : you do n't have to use monads on day one or even ever .
Any sizable software project is going to be based on many external components most of which will , for the foreseeable future , be written in Java .
You can continue to use those components just as you did before , taking advantage of Scala 's features when they 're appropriate .
This approach makes migration projects much less risky : you can move into Scala steadily at the rate that best suits the team .
Oh , and use a good IDE like Eclipse !
How did you become involved with Eclipse ?
Miles :
I 'd set up a consulting company and was building up the business with a variety of projects , always keeping an eye on goings on on the Scala mailing lists and looking out for opportunities to apply my love of Scala .
A group , part of the energy derivatives trading operation of EDF ( Électricité de France ) announced that they were migrating a large ( around 300,000 lines ) Java codebase to Scala .
They enoyed working with Scala , but really needed better development support for mixed Java and Scala projects in the Scala Eclipse IDE .
The rest , as they say , is history .
EDFT has now converted a large part of their codebase and written several new production energy derivative pricing applications in Scala .
As a consequence of their support the Scala IDE has improved enormously .
What did you do to the IDE ?
Miles : Sean McDirmid had broken new ground writing the original version .
The team at EDFT wanted more features , but they also wanted it to be a reliable production quality tool .
With Sean 's work they could see the potential and were willing to invest to get what they needed .
I outlined a plan of attack and we got going .
The main goal was seamless support for mixed Scala / Java projects and integration with Eclipse 's Java tooling : it 's clear that a large proportion of Scala projects will start from an existing Java codebase and this seamless integration is absolutely essential to support gradual migration .
We wanted to do this whilst at the same time fixing bugs and improving reliability with every release .
I think I 've succeeded in this , and it has had a generally confidence building effect on the Scala IDE 's users .
This increase in confidence has led to wider use and more valuable contributions from the community .
Over the period of about 18 months I 've steadily removed or re-factored redundant or structurally inappropriate code and roughly halved the line count to around 30,000 .
The code base is now much more accessible to casual contributors too .
What can you tell us about the next version of Eclipse ?
Miles :
There has been a big focus on reliability and users will see a dramatic reduction in bug count as well as performance improvement .
Under the hood the mechanisms supporting the semantically driven features like type inferred hovers , semantic highlighting and hyperlinking have been completely reworked .
Syntax highlighting has also been reworked and is now reliable even with code that 's a long way from compiling correctly .
There 's also a new and more reliable approach to dependency computation which resolves problems people have been having when refactoring in large complex projects .
Maven and Lift users will be relieved to know that they can now specify multiple output directories for their projects .
Improved integration with the JDT continues unabated .
And if I can squeeze it in in time , support for basic organize imports , rename symbol and move compilation unit refactorings .
Could Biodiesel - Powered Earthrace Join Sea Shepherd 's Anti-Whaling Fleet ?
Like us on Facebook :
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
When you think of Sea Shepherd ’s vessels , the classic “ giant ” variety comes to mind — something Captain Paul Watson has bemoaned limits their efforts to quickly intercept whaling vessels .
Now imagine a sleek , biodiesel - fueled powerboat sporting the Sea Shepherd black and slicing through the water at over 40 knots .
Such is the vision owner / skipper Pete Bethune has for his Earthrace 78 foot trimaran .
After completing a round - the - world journey with a volunteer crew in 2008 in 60 days , 23 hours and 49 minutes ( slashing the previous record for a powerboat by two weeks ! ) he ’s now putting the boat up for sale — but would love to see it in the hands of the Sea Shepherd defending whales around Antarctica .
From the article ,
Earthrace could have a new future as a secret strike weapon against Japanese whalers in the Southern Oceans if the Kiwi skipper has his way .
Bethune says he is negotiating with anti-whaling campaigner Sea Shepherd Conservation Society to use Earthrace as a ‘ strike vessel ’ based around its sturdy but slow ship Steve Irwin .
‘ The Steve Irwin can only do 16 knots [ 30 k mh ] , so they can hassle the whalers for a while , and then they move on .
If you had Earthrace , you could hassle them all the time . ’
Bethune has listed the Earthrace for $ 1.5 million — but we imagine there might be some wiggle room for a group like Sea Shepherd .
Either way , you ’ve got to imagine the Japanese are less than thrilled .
You can check out more on the sleek boat here .
Portable Ubuntu Remix for Windows ( Pubuntu ) is a project headed by Claudio Cacsar Sa¡nchez Tejeda that uses CoLinux ( Cooperative Linux ) to enable a user to run Ubuntu on top of Windows .
CoLinux , a port of the Linux Kernel , is an open source virtual machine that works much like Qemu ( some claim it is faster ) .
Ubuntu is a fork of Debian , and a product of Canonical Ltd .
In the following tutorial , we will show you how to install and run CoLinux Portable Ubuntu from a USB flash drive or other portable device , all while you 're still up and running in Windows .
CoLinux Portable Ubuntu Remix Screenshot
Notice the top edge Ubuntu panel or taskbar in the screenshot below .
Distribution Home Page : http://sourceforge.net/projects/portableubuntu/
Minimum Flash Drive Capacity : 2GB
Persistent Feature : Yes
Portable Ubuntu for Windows prerequisites
2GB or larger USB device
Windows Host ( tested on Windows XP )
Portable_Ubuntu.exe
Installing Portable Ubuntu to a USB Flash Drive
Download Portable Ubuntu Insert your USB flash drive or portable device Run Portable_Ubuntu.exe extracting its contents to your USB device Click run_portable_ubuntu.bat from the Portable_Ubuntu Folder on your USB device to launch Portable Ubuntu
That 's all there is to it !
You should now see a Top edge panel taskbar for which you can run your Ubuntu applications from within Windows ( sharing the same desktop )
Note :
We are not affiliated with Ubuntu or the CoLinux Portable Ubuntu project .
The chilling realization that some things in high finance will never change , notwithstanding the current crisis , came to me the other day when I discovered that the Federal Reserve would accept only AAA - rated securities as collateral for its new program to finance consumer loans .
On the surface this seems only prudent -- after all , what could be more gilt - edged than paper given a top investment grade by two of the three most - recognized credit rating agencies , as the Fed demands ?
But the problem is n’t the ratings .
It ’s the raters .
If the mortgage meltdown teaches us anything , it ’s that the work of the credit rating companies is n’t worth the paper it ’s scribbled on .
The slipshod performance of these firms -- Moody ’s Investors Service and Standard & Poor ’s Ratings Services are the largest by far -- was a major contributing factor to the crisis .
Yet the raters are so deeply embedded in the financial system that eradicating their pernicious influence may be the toughest regulatory challenge we face .
Advertisement
“ They ’re like a cancer that ’s spread throughout our law , our banking regulations , our securities regulations , our insurance regulations , ” Frank Partnoy , who dealt with derivatives as an investment banker and now teaches law at the University of San Diego , told me this week .
By order of the Securities and Exchange Commission , for example , money market funds ca n’t invest in paper below a certain rating .
Institutional investors such as pension funds are often barred from buying bonds below a certain grade .
That means a rating firm ’s word can determine whether the market for a bond is huge or minuscule .
For corporate issuers , a top credit rating is money in the bank because it means lower borrowing costs .
For investment managers , the ratings provide cover for half - baked decisions :
If you blow a billion for a pension fund on a bad bond issue , you can always point to the AAA grade it got from Moody ’s or S&P ; ( or both ) and say , “ Do n’t blame me . ”
Advertisement
Yet the rating process is shot through with conflicts of interest .
The agencies get almost all of their income from fees for rating securities , and those fees are paid by the issuers of those securities .
As a result , the raters are wary of giving low grades , fearing customers will get ticked off and take their business to a competitor that might be more , shall we say , flexible .
In a 2007 internal memo unearthed by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , a Moody ’s executive wrote that the firm had been struggling for years to balance the quest for market share with the need to preserve the quality of its ratings .
The problem it kept running into was that the clients -- i.e. , the issuers -- did n’t want “ good ” ratings ; they wanted high ratings .
“ Ratings quality has surprisingly few friends , ” the executive wrote .
Issuers learned they could game the process by jawboning the agencies or applying a thin layer of rouge to junk securities .
Partnoy , in his book about his Wall Street career titled “ F.I.A.S.C.O. , ” tells of using some creative cosmetics to get an AAA rating from S&P ; for an investment trust that largely held bonds of a graft - ridden Philippines power company .
( S&P ; eventually backed off the rating , but not by much . )
Advertisement
These practices contributed mightily to the disaster epic known as the mortgage - backed securities market .
Billions of dollars of mortgage bonds were blessed with AAA ratings even though the agencies had n’t looked closely at the underlying home loans , much less reevaluated them after home prices topped out .
According to congressional testimony and documents , the firms often simply plugged into their rating formulas the representations about loan quality they were given by the issuers -- including such upstanding lenders as Countrywide and IndyMac .
The agencies try to defend this system .
They take fees from issuers , they say , because that allows them to make all their ratings public without charging a subscription .
They note that they downgraded mass quantities of mortgage securities as soon as the problems in the market emerged .
( Critics contend they should have identified the problems before the rest of the world knew . )
The firms say they ’re only giving opinions about creditworthiness , and should n’t be blamed for “ unanticipated developments in the markets , ” as a Moody ’s man told the House committee .
Partnoy and others say the financial system would be well - served by stripping the agencies of their regulator - endorsed authority .
“ No one has been as wrong as they were , ” he says , “ yet we continue to rely on them . ”
Advertisement
Among the options to replace them , he suggests , why not try the markets , which have been much better at gauging the credit risk of bonds and other securities ?
An investment manager might be limited to buying securities with market interest rates no more than a certain number of percentage points above the yields on bonds of known risk , such as Treasuries .
The change would force investors to use their own judgment , rather than outsourcing it to S&P ; and Moody’s .
Indeed , many leading institutional investors weaned themselves from official ratings years ago .
One investment executive told Moody ’s in 2007 ( according to another memo published by the House committee ) that people who accepted the firm ’s ratings were “ sucker ” investment managers .
That ’s some endorsement .
Now if only the Federal Reserve would get the message .
Advertisement
--
Michael Hiltzik ’s column appears every Monday and Thursday .
Reach him at michael.hiltzik@latimes.com .
Trivia
During an interview for the Archive Of American Television , Jonathan Harris was asked what his favorite voiceover character was .
He said it was his character on Freakazoid .
Harris played Professor Jones in only 4 episodes of the second season .
He played his character similar to his famous Dr. Smith character in Lost In Space .
Despite enjoying working with the cast and loved working on a show that was " off the wall " , Warner Bros canceled Freakzoid after two season .
He would later do voice work for other WB cartoon shows as well .
See more
Set to be released on June 9th for the Xbox 360 , PS3 and PC , prototype is a single player action game that features Alex , “ a human affected by a mutative virus that gives him superhuman strength as well as the ability to shapeshift . ”
Title : Prototype
Release Date : June 9 2009
Platforms : PC | X360 | PS3
Label : Activision
Genre : Open World
Age Rating : Pending
[ Via TechEblog ]
Jun 22 , 2009 ( CIDRAP News ) – Responding to lobbying by the Obama administration and public health advocates , Congress last week approved $ 7.65 billion for battling pandemic influenza , more than three times what the House and Senate had earlier proposed .
The money was included in a $ 106 billion supplemental appropriation bill dedicated mostly to funding the military campaigns in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The Senate passed the bill Jun 18 , following House passage 2 days earlier .
Most of the pandemic money is for activities by the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , but the bill includes $ 350 million to boost state and local capacity for responding to the novel H1N1 flu pandemic .
According to a House Appropriations Committee summary of the legislation , it provides $ 1.5 billion in fiscal year 2009 money and $ 5.8 billion in " contingent emergency appropriations " for HHS and the CDC .
The funds are to be used for expanding surveillance , increasing federal stockpiles of drugs and medical supplies , and developing , buying , and administering vaccines .
The $ 350 million in state and local money , according to the House summary , is intended to help public health departments hire and train staff members , buy equipment to improve diagnostic capabilities , distribute antivirals and personal protective equipment from federal and state stockpiles , improve communication and maintain disease - reporting hotlines , and address other challenges , such as hospital surge capacity .
The bill also includes $ 50 million for distribution by the US Agency for International Development to help countries respond to pandemic flu .
The House and Senate had previously passed different versions of the funding bill that provided , respectively , about $ 2 billion and $ 1.5 billion for the pandemic .
But a House - Senate conference committee increased the amounts in working out the compromise bill that was approved last week .
The Obama administration had asked Congress to approve the House version but add another $ 2 billion to it , as reported here previously .
In addition , the administration asked Congress to tap some funds from the federal economic stimulus package and up to $ 2.9 billion from the BioShield program .
Meanwhile , a coalition of public health groups led by Trust for America 's Health ( TFAH ) , a nonpartisan public health advocacy organization based in Washington , DC , also urged Congress to adopt the House version and add more funds to it .
The coalition was particularly concerned about the cost of buying and administering pandemic vaccines .
In substantially increasing the funding , Congress decided not to take funds from the stimulus and BioShield programs , according to Richard Hamburg , government relations director for TFAH .
Some public health advocates had criticized the proposal to take money from BioShield , a program that promotes development of medical countermeasures against biological and other unconventional weapons .
" This contingency fund of $ 5.8 billion would be new money , " Hamburg said .
" I think it was good news that they appropriated additional dollars to be used mainly for vaccine purchase and perhaps vaccine administration , and that it was new money and not coming from existing sources . "
" In the long run they 'll need even more dollars , but this is a recognition that should there be a more extreme outbreak in the coming months , we 'll be better prepared than we would 've been without additional dollars , " he said .
See also :
Jun 5 CIDRAP
News story " Obama seeks more funds for novel flu fight "
Infowars
May 3 , 2009
A Google News search does not produce a story or even a brief mention of the fact military police were on hand at the Kentucky Derby to keep restless plebs in line .
However , an Associated Press photograph , posted on the Yahoo !
News website , shows two MPs in combat fatigues with side arms restraining a man at the derby .
Military police detain a fan who ran onto the track following the running of the 135th Kentucky Derby horse race at Churchill Downs Saturday , May 2 , 2009 , in Louisville , Ky .
“ Military police detain a fan who ran onto the track following the running of the 135th Kentucky Derby horse race at Churchill Downs Saturday , May 2 , 2009 , in Louisville , Ky. , ” the photo caption reads .
The photo was also included in a slideshow on the Yahoo !
Sports website , although the text of the article does not contain a mention of military police at the event .
“ The military has NO BUSINESS policing the citizens except during extraordinarily exceptional times of national emergency by an executive order .
This is very disturbing and completely un-American .
Maybe even more disturbing is that no one seems to care how quietly and easily we have accepted the burgeoning police state , ” an article comment states .
Infowars has reported on numerous instances of military involvement with local law enforcement in violation of Posse Comitatus .
In March , we reported on U.S. Army troops dispatched to patrol the streets of Samson , Alabama , after a murder spree .
[ efoods ]
On April 6 , we reported on a DHS , federal , state , Air Force , and local law enforcement checkpoint in Tennessee .
On April 3 , Infowars was instrumental in the cancellation of a seatbelt checkpoint that was to be conducted in conjunction with the Department of Homeland Security and the 251st Military Police in Bolivar , Tennessee .
Last December , we reported on the Marine Corps Air and Ground Combat Center dispatching troops to work with police on checkpoints in in San Bernardino County , California .
On Aprill 22 , we reported the deployment of 400 National Guard Combat Support Battalion troops to “ maintain public order ” at the Boston Marathon .
Last June , Infowars posted an article by D. H. Williams of the Daily Newscaster reporting the deployment of 2,300 Marines in the city of Indianapolis under the direction of FBI and the Department of Homeland Security .
Prison Planet ’s Paul Joseph Watson reported a story on April 22 covering the assault of a local television news team by an irate police officer in El Paso , Texas .
A video taken by the news videographer shows uniformed soldiers working with police officers at the scene of a car accident .
The presence of uniformed and armed military police at the Kentucky Derby is part of an ongoing campaign to acclimate the populace to the presence of soldiers at public events .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
A Los Angeles jury convicted Phil Spector of second - degree murder Monday , making the legendary record producer who worked with the Beatles and a host of other pop stars the first celebrity found guilty of murder on Hollywood ’s home turf in at least 40 years .
The verdict read in a tense , standing - room - only courtroom came six years and two trials after police found Lana Clarkson , a statuesque blond actress , shot to death in a chair in Spector ’s 30 - room Alhambra mansion .
As a Superior Court clerk pronounced the word “ guilty , ” Spector ’s mouth gaped slightly , but he quickly returned to the stoic expression he has worn throughout his legal proceedings .
His wife , Rachelle , who is 41 years his junior , began weeping in the front row of the spectators ’ gallery .
The verdict of second - degree murder -- the most severe option offered to jurors -- with the use of a firearm means the 69 - year - old Spector faces a mandatory life prison term when he is sentenced May 29 .
He must serve at least 18 years before being eligible for parole .
Advertisement
The verdict was a cause for rejoicing in the Los Angeles County district attorney ’s office , where high - profile defeats in the murder trials of O.J. Simpson and Robert Blake still sting .
Though not a current A - lister -- Spector ’s renown derived from behind - the - scenes work that peaked in the early 1970s -- he had the deep pockets and glamorous connections frequently cited when celebrity cases fall apart
“ Celebrity cases are always a little different , ” said Dist .
Atty .
Steve Cooley , who called the Blake jurors “ incredibly stupid ” after the actor ’s 2005 acquittal .
“ Sometimes the laws of gravity as we know them do n’t work in celebrity cases . ”
Asked to recall the last celebrity convicted of murder , district attorney ’s office spokeswoman Sandi Gibbons said , “ I know there has not been one in the last 40 years and beyond that , I can not say . ”
Advertisement
Spector ’s attorney immediately said he would appeal .
The lawyer asked that Spector remain free on $ 1 - million bail until the sentence was imposed , but a prosecutor protested , citing Spector ’s history of menacing people with guns and his incentive to flee the jurisdiction .
During the trial and a 2007 proceeding that ended in a hung jury , Judge Larry Paul Fidler heard extensive testimony from women who said Spector terrorized them at gunpoint , and he ordered that Spector be taken into custody immediately .
“ Public safety and public protection are paramount , ” Fidler said .
Spector , dressed in one of his trademark knee - length suit jackets with a “ Barack Obama Rocks ” pin on his lapel , spoke only once in the courtroom -- a hoarse “ yes ” in response to whether he agreed to the date of sentencing .
He shuffled out of the courtroom surrounded by half a dozen uniformed court officers .
He looked briefly in the direction of his wife before the door closed behind him .
Advertisement
His attorney said Spector knew a conviction was likely .
“ Mr. Spector is a realistic man , ” said lawyer Doron Weinberg , who added that the producer ’s reaction to the verdict was to ask , “ what was next . ”
The verdict was an endorsement of the prosecutors ’ theory that Spector pulled a snub - nosed .38 Special revolver on Clarkson when she tried to leave his residence after several hours of drinking .
During the trial , jurors heard from five women who said the producer drew weapons on them when he was drunk .
Weinberg said the judge ’s decision to allow those women to testify about events stretching back three decades would be among the grounds for appeal .
Advertisement
“ We believe analytically there is absolutely no legal basis for the admissibility of that evidence , ” the lawyer said .
The defense had depicted the 40 - year - old Clarkson , whose career had flagged after a starring role in the 1985 cult film “ The Barbarian Queen , ” as psychologically fragile and pathetically obsessed with fame , and suggested she shot herself in a spur - of - the - moment suicide .
Her mother , Donna , and sister , Fawn , declined to comment after the verdict , but John Taylor , a lawyer handling Donna Clarkson ’s civil suit against Spector , said , “ The family is pleased that the jury rejected the distortion and trashing of Lana Clarkson ’s life . ”
At a news conference after the verdict , the jury forewoman said the panel was swayed by the “ totality ” of the evidence laid out during five months of testimony rather than any individual pieces .
Advertisement
Prosecutors and the defense presented dueling scientific cases with both sides insisting bloodstains and other evidence supported their version of the shooting .
But the forewoman , who declined to give her name , shrugged off the science .
“ Each side had their experts , ” said the 48 - year - old , who works as a paralegal in the court system .
Clarkson ’s mental state was a trial battleground , with prosecutors saying she was upbeat and happy and the defense insisting she was despondent .
The forewoman said despite all the evidence , they remained unsure .
“ None of us were psychologists .
None of us could evaluate a person we never met , ” she said .
Advertisement
The forewoman spoke only vaguely about the nine - day deliberations , saying jurors entered “ neutral ” and meticulously reviewed the evidence .
She broke into tears as she described the “ painful ” process of convicting someone of murder .
“ You are talking about another human being .
We all had hearts .
We all have people we love , ” she said
Five other jurors attended the news conference , but declined to speak to reporters .
Spector burst onto the music scene in 1958 when he recorded the hit “ To Know Him Is to Love Him ” with classmates from Fairfax High School .
The title came from an inscription on the gravestone of Spector ’s father , who had committed suicide .
He moved into producing and developed a new technique , known as the “ Wall of Sound , ” in which tracks were layered over one another to produce a lush , symphonic effect that changed pop music .
Advertisement
He went on to work with musical acts including Tina Turner , the Ronettes , Darlene Love , the Beatles , the Ramones and Celine Dion .
He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989 .
In later years , he has worked less and less , reportedly because of disputes with record companies and musicians about the pace of his work and his volatile temper .
--
harriet.ryan@latimes.com
Advertisement
Times staff writer Victoria Kim contributed to this report .
The European elections in June are the first real test of public opinion across Europe since the beginning of the economic crisis .
Europe editor Mark Mardell reports on a new anti-capitalist party in France that has captured the imagination of some .
Beau Boeckmann is a man out of time .
He personally looks , acts , and interacts with cars like this was 1968 , not 2008 .
In a time where “ custom car ” means a prop from The Fast & Furious movies , Beau Boeckmann looks elsewhere for his inspiration .
For Beau , it ’s not a Custom Car , it ’s a Kustom Kar , and that should tell you that wild is just a starting point , and not the end .
It tells you that things are going to get more lunatic before they get anywhere near something Vin Diesel would drive .
“ Cars must have SOUL ! ” Boeckmann exclaimed in recent phone interview with Wired .
There was something in the inflection of his voice , something beyond the SoCal twang that was reminiscent .
There were vague visualizations of crazy guys in tee shirts , with goatees , wearing top hats , pontificating like Ahab at the mast , before chugging a quart of Coke , picking up the Air - brush and getting back to that flame job .
The vague visualization is of Ed “ Big Daddy ” Roth , a guy , even for Southern California , who seemed barely tethered to The Good Earth .
Wicked , bitchin’ , mean and gnarly were all applied to the creations of “ Big Daddy ” , and even today , his creations make more modern forms of elocution like sick and off the hook seem understated .
It is into this design arena , a place where Salvador Dali looks like Piet Mondrian , that Beau Boeckmann chooses to dwell .
Boeckmann looks to the likes of George Barris , most famous for designing the Batmobile , The Munster Koach and the truck seen on The Beverly Hillbillies , or Ed “ Big Daddy ” Roth , who ’s most famous for designing , well , for being Ed “ Big Daddy ” Roth , as well as inventing Rat Fink , and more custom cars , sorry , Kustom Kars , than Harley Earl could shake a T - Square at .
Indeed , it is Boeckmann who did the re-hab on “ Big Daddy ’s ” Orbitron .
A show car from 1964 that that vanished soon after its debut , turned up a few months ago in Mexico in basket - case shape where it was serving as a makeshift dumpster in front of an adult bookshop , and then into the talented hands of one Mr. Beau Boeckmann , Esq. of Southern California .
He completely restored the car at his shop atGalpin Auto Sports ( G.A.S. ) with input from Roth experts and employees that were part of the original build .
It could n’t have wound up in better hands .
Boeckmann is a third gen Southern California kid .
His dad went from salesman to owner of Galpin Ford , one of the company ’s largest dealers in the world , and young Beau grew up in a world where , as he puts it , “ Custom cars were normal . ”
No , not stripe decals slapped on the side of the latest grocery getter , think custom vans with fish tanks and stained glass windows , and enough shag carpet and Rayon / polyester blend fabrics to make Dirk Diggler feel right at home .
Beau ’s first custom was a ‘ 52 Ford , and in 2000 , he started doing custom cars to order out of the Galpin shop .
Sure , he ’s also known for doing the cars on MTV’s “ Pimp My Ride ” , but he looks at those as “ fun ” and “ something to do ” when not going down the road previously traveled by the likes of Messer ’s Barris & Roth .
“ Cars from the 1930s are IT !
Totally my fave cars of all time ... “ he drifts of into silence on the other end of the phone line .
“ Packards !
Oh baby , those were cars !
Not that you ’d mess with something like that , I ’m talking the overall design .
Just perfect ! ”
And who are we to argue .
Liking one particular car or another is , as always , a matter of personal taste .
Indeed , some of Beau Boeckmann ’s work , like the Scythe show car pictured here is extreme to say the least .
What cars like this do is something more important and beyond themselves .
They do n’t point a way forward , they do not say , “ In the future , ALL cars will look like this . ”
What Beau Boeckmann ’s work , like the work of George Barris , and Ed “ Big Daddy ” Roth , say is , “ Why not think of a car like THIS !
What if we emphasized a car that ’s free from its mechanical underpinnings ?
What if we were to make a car that was nothing BUT its mechanical underpinnings ? ”
What if ... what if ...
Re : [ Savannah - users ] Savannah outage v2
From : Sylvain Beucler Subject : Re : [ Savannah - users ] Savannah outage v2 Date : Sun , 31 May 2009 14:57:40 +0200 User-agent : Mutt /1.5.18 ( 2008-05 - 17 )
Hi , A bit of news on our current status .
History ------- -
On Thursday / Friday night , a disk failed and the RAID bugged , and for safety Savannah was shut down .
- On Friday , after getting physical access to the ( distant ) colocation and preparing a backup , we changed the faulty disk and after performing some checks , the system appeared fine .
Ward mentioned he already saw a single disk make the whole RAID to fail .
- On Friday night the RAID bugged again and we shutdown Savannah again - On Saturday , a new expedition to the colocation saw that the filesystem was corrupted .
Attempt to recover it failed , to the point that we now need to reinstall everything .
The cause of this corruption is still not known .
Feel free to suggest .
-
The current disks were put aside for further recovery attempts .
We 've now reinstalled the base system on 2 new disks , and are reinstalling a partial service Data ----
Now this is getting gory .
The last backup was performed while RAID was buggy , and lots of files were reported missing , in particular for CVS / SVN / Git / Hg .
Hence the last backup is incomplete .
And , our last full backup from tape is from end of April .
Normally tape backups are more recent , but there were independent backup issues .
We 've not discussed since in detail as we 're focusing on recovering the data asap .
So , while the base of the system and data is there , we 're partially missing May .
Current status
--------------
We 're reinstalling a partial service .
The frontend can be restored from its state on 29th 02:00 GMT .
Probably available today .
sftp - based services should be OK too , but will probably come later .
The missing data is essentially CVS / SVN / Git / Hg .
For the Git / Hg : we plan to install an empty service ( maybe today ) , where you 'll be able to import the last state of your project with a classic ' push ' command .
We 'll also make available the data from the April backup ( not before tomorrow ) .
You can prepare by having a look at how ' push ' works , for example the ' - - all ' option in Git.
For CVS / SVN : since you probably do n't have a backup of the repo , this is more difficult .
When we get the April backup tomorrow , we 'll make it available , so you can check it and agree to reimport it .
Meanwhile we 're trying to see if we can recover May from the corrupted disks .
In parallel , we 're investigating DRBD to have better protection next time .
-- The Savannah Hackers
the anthropic principle takes another hit
A new paper shows that far from requiring precise physics to exist , matter as we know it can form within a relatively wide range of tolerances .
You probably know about the anthropic principle , the idea that the universe has to be fine tuned for life due to the balance between the physical laws that govern it .
One important argument in favor of this principle deals with the strong nuclear force which holds together atomic nuclei .
It says that if the strong force was just a bit stronger , protons would bind under higher temperatures soon after the Big Bang and leave less hydrogen to form all the stars that would eventually produce the raw materials and habitats for life as we know it .
But according to a paper by University of Delaware physicists , James MacDonald and Dermott Mullan , that ’s not necessarily the case .
This argument is too simplistic because protons will bind to neutrons easier than to other protons no matter the power of the strong nuclear force .
Other protons have a like charge which would generate an electrostatic repulsion barrier that needs to be overcome before the two particles can join .
In our present universe , the resulting diprotons will quickly decay into deuterium nuclei due to spin-spin interactions and the Pauli- exclusion principle .
Neutrons , on the other hand , have no charge and require a lot less energy for a proton to bind to them , creating stable structures .
After the Bing Bang , proton / neutron unions would be a lot more common and more stable than diprotons as free - floating subatomic particles come together .
Boost the strong force and you ’ll eventually keep diprotons together but there ’s a comfortable range in which they ’ll decay as they do today , leaving plenty of hydrogen for star formation , along with a surplus of deuterium .
Of course there would be some changes in the synthesis of other atoms but within a certain range , chemistry that makes life possible would go on .
The same should apply to a universe with a weaker strong force .
There may be less heavier atoms but there could still be the kind of chemistry which allows for stars and ultimately , some sort of life , even if it ’s not the kind of life that currently exists .
If there ’s a range in which chemistry bound to result in organisms like us can happen , it would indicate that the universe is not so much fine tuned for us as we ’re really an outcome of a number of possible chemical processes .
And that ’s the biggest problem with the anthropic principle .
It ’s actually a backwards question .
Instead of trying to trace back how natural selection got us to where we are today , it asks how the universe accommodated us and how it must have fine tuned everything to create the kind of life we see today .
It ’s somewhat like looking at the Himalayas , wondering how the Asian and Indian plates knew to collide in order to form a mountain range with these particular shapes and heights .
Neither of the tectonic plates had a blueprint .
They just collided and the mountain range is the result .
The same can be said of the physical laws of our universe .
They ’re not a fine tuned machine that allows us to exist .
Instead , we ’re just a product of how things played out when the physical laws of the universe we occupy today took shape .
After years of opposition to wind farms , the conservation group installs its own turbine .
From BusinessGreen , part of the Guardian Environment Network
After years of barely concealed antipathy , the RSPB and the wind energy industry have today put the symbolic seal on their recent cessation of hostilities with the installation of the first RSPB wind turbine .
The small - scale 15 kW turbine has been installed at the RSPB 's Rainham Marshes visitor centre in Purfleet , Essex , and together with a solar array already located at the site is expected to provide enough energy to meet the centre 's requirements , cutting its carbon footprint by 9,000 kg a year .
Nick Bruce - White , manager of the Rainham Marshes site , said that the installation of the Proven Energy turbine demonstrated both the RSPB 's commitment to tackling climate change and its support for appropriately sited renewable energy projects .
" The RSPB is often most visual when objecting to wind turbine proposals , " he said .
" However … wind power has a valuable role to play in contributing towards the UK 's renewable energy needs , and can do so without harming wildlife .
The wind turbine at Rainham Marshes is an excellent example of this . "
The move comes a month after the RSPB released a study calling on the government to accelerate the rollout of onshore wind farms , and urging it to develop a wildlife sensitivity map that it argued would make it easier for wind developers to select sites that pose minimal risks to bird life .
The study was interpreted in some quarters as a declaration of peace to the UK wind energy industry , which has been repeatedly frustrated by the conservation group 's opposition to numerous wind farm developments .
Alex Murley of the British Wind Energy Association ( BWEA ) praised the installation of the new turbine at Rainham Marshes , saying that it was " gratifying to see the RSPB join the ranks of organisations recognising that in the windiest country in Europe , there are thousands of households and businesses able to generate their own clean , green energy from correctly sited wind energy technologies " .
The news comes on the same day as new figures from the BWEA confirmed that the UK is now the largest exporter of small - scale wind systems , having exported 4.7MW of turbines in 2008 .
The new figures showed that export revenue for UK manufacturers doubled last year , resulting in 500 new jobs and positioning the UK as the global leader ahead of Canada and the US .
The data also showed that the global market for small - scale wind turbines with a capacity of less than 100 kW grew 53 per cent in 2008 to almost 40 MW .
• This article was shared by our content partner BusinessGreen , part of the Guardian Environment Network
[ / caption ]
If you are interested in model rocketry , take a look at this .
One man hopes to make a world record by launching a 36 - foot ( 10.9 - meter ) tall Saturn V model rocket .
Steve Eves has been working for two years on building the rocket , and he ’s counting down to this Saturday , April 25 when the launch is planned .
The launch pad is on a farmer ’s field near Price , Maryland , about 50 miles ( 80 km ) east of Baltimore .
The model is 1:10 scale of the original Saturn V rocket .
According to an article on the DC Space News Examiner , the rocket weighs over 1,600 pounds ( 725 kg ) , and will be powered by a massive array of nine engines : eight 13,000ns N - Class motors and one 77,000ns P - Class motor .
The estimated peak altitude of the flight is 4,000 feet ( 1,219 meters ) .
Just like the original Saturn v , nothing of this scale has ever been attempted in model rocketry .
The model Saturn V will be a world record attempt for the largest amateur rocket to ever be launched .
ROCKETS Magazine and The Maryland Delaware Rocketry Association ( MDRA ) are supporting the event , to mark the 40th anniversary of the Apollo 11 moon mission in 1969 .
Word has it that several astronauts , including Alan Bean , the fourth man to walk on the moon , have signed the rocket .
Best of luck to Steve Eves !
Source : DC Space Examiner
EARLY this year , the king of Saudi Arabia held a ceremony to receive a batch of rice , part of the first crop to be produced under something called the King Abdullah initiative for Saudi agricultural investment abroad .
It had been grown in Ethiopia , where a group of Saudi investors is spending $ 100 m to raise wheat , barley and rice on land leased to them by the government .
The investors are exempt from tax in the first few years and may export the entire crop back home .
Meanwhile , the World Food Programme ( WFP ) is spending almost the same amount as the investors ( $ 116 m ) providing 230,000 tonnes of food aid between 2007 and 2011 to the 4.6 m
Ethiopians it thinks are threatened by hunger and malnutrition .
The Saudi programme is an example of a powerful but contentious trend sweeping the poor world : countries that export capital but import food are outsourcing farm production to countries that need capital but have land to spare .
Instead of buying food on world markets , governments and politically influential companies buy or lease farmland abroad , grow the crops there and ship them back .
Supporters of such deals argue they provide new seeds , techniques and money for agriculture , the basis of poor countries ' economies , which has suffered from disastrous underinvestment for decades .
Opponents call the projects “ land grabs ” , claim the farms will be insulated from host countries and argue that poor farmers will be pushed off land they have farmed for generations .
What is unquestionable is that the projects are large , risky and controversial .
In Madagascar they contributed to the overthrow of a government .
Investment in foreign farms is not new .
After the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 foreign investors rushed to snap up former state - owned and collective farms .
Before that there were famous — indeed notorious — examples of European attempts to set up flagship farms in ex-colonies , such as Britain 's ill - fated attempt in the 1940s to turn tracts of southern Tanzania into a limitless peanut prairie ( the southern Tanganyika groundnut scheme ) .
The phrase “ banana republics ” originally referred to servile dictatorships running countries whose economies were dominated by foreign - owned fruit plantations .
But several things about the current fashion are new .
One is its scale .
A big land deal used to be around 100,000 hectares ( 240,000 acres ) .
Now the largest ones are many times that .
In Sudan alone , South Korea has signed deals for 690,000 hectares , the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) for 400,000 hectares and Egypt has secured a similar deal to grow wheat .
An official in Sudan says his country will set aside for Arab governments roughly a fifth of the cultivated land in Africa 's largest country ( traditionally known as the breadbasket of the Arab world ) .
It is not just Gulf states that are buying up farms .
China secured the right to grow palm oil for biofuel on 2.8 m hectares of Congo , which would be the world 's largest palm - oil plantation .
It is negotiating to grow biofuels on 2 m hectares in Zambia , a country where Chinese farms are said to produce a quarter of the eggs sold in the capital , Lusaka .
According to one estimate , 1 m Chinese farm labourers will be working in Africa this year , a number one African leader called “ catastrophic ” .
In total , says the International Food Policy Research Institute ( IFPRI ) , a think - tank in Washington , DC , between 15 m and 20 m hectares of farmland in poor countries have been subject to transactions or talks involving foreigners since 2006 .
That is the size of France 's agricultural land and a fifth of all the farmland of the European Union .
Putting a conservative figure on the land 's value , IFPRI calculates that these deals are worth $ 20 billion - 30 billion — at least ten times as much as an emergency package for agriculture recently announced by the World Bank and 15 times more than the American administration 's new fund for food security .
If you assume that the land , when developed , will yield roughly two tonnes of grain per hectare ( which would be twice the African average but less than that of Europe , America and rich Asia ) , it would produce 30 m - 40 m tonnes of cereals a year .
That is a significant share of the world 's cereals trade of roughly 220 m tonnes a year and would be more than enough to meet the appetite for grain imports in the Middle East .
What is happening , argues Richard Ferguson , an analyst for Nomura Securities , is outsourcing 's third great wave , following that of manufacturing in the 1980s and information technology in the 1990s .
Several other features of the process are also new .
Unlike older projects , the current ones mostly focus on staples or biofuels — wheat , maize , rice , jatropha .
The Egyptian and South Korean projects in Sudan are both for wheat .
Libya has leased 100,000 hectares of Mali for rice .
By contrast , farming ventures used to be about cash crops ( coffee , tea , sugar or bananas ) .
In the past , foreign farming investment was usually private : private investors bought land from private owners .
That process has continued , particularly the snapping up of privatised land in the former Soviet Union .
Last year a Swedish company called Alpcot Agro bought 128,000 hectares of Russia ; South Korea 's Hyundai Heavy Industries paid $ 6.5 m for a majority stake in Khorol Zerno , a company that owns 10,000 hectares of eastern Siberia ; Morgan Stanley , an American bank , bought 40,000 hectares of Ukraine in March .
And Pava , the first Russian grain processor to be floated , plans to sell 40 % of its landowning division to investors in the Gulf , giving them access to 500,000 hectares .
Thanks to rising land values and ( until recently ) rising commodity prices , farming has been one of the few sectors to remain attractive during the credit crunch .
The great government grab
But the majority of the new deals have been government - to - government .
The acquirers are foreign regimes or companies closely tied to them , such as sovereign - wealth funds .
The sellers are host governments dispensing land they nominally own .
Cambodia leased land to Kuwaiti investors last August after mutual prime - ministerial visits .
Last year the Sudanese and Qatari governments set up a joint venture to invest in Sudan ; the Kuwaiti and Sudanese ministers of finance signed what they called a “ giant ” strategic partnership for the same purpose .
Saudi officials have visited Australia , Brazil , Egypt , Ethiopia , Kazakhstan , the Philippines , South Africa , Sudan , Turkey , Ukraine and Vietnam to talk about land acquisitions .
The balance between the state and private sectors is heavily skewed in favour of the state .
AP
But where 's it going ?
That makes the current round of land acquisitions different in kind , as well as scale .
When private investors put money into cash crops , they tended to boost world trade and international economic activity .
At least in theory , they encourage farmers to switch from growing subsistence rice to harvesting rubber for cash ; from growing rubber to working in a tyre factory ; and from making tyres to making cars .
But now , governments are investing in staple crops in a protectionist impulse to circumvent world markets .
Why are they doing this and what are the effects ?
“ Food security is not just an issue for Abu Dhabi or the United Arab Emirates , ” says Eissa Mohamed Al Suwaidi of the Abu Dhabi Fund for Development .
“ Recently , it has become a hot issue everywhere . ”
He is confirming what everyone knows : the land deals are responses to food - market turmoil .
Between the start of 2007 and the middle of 2008 , The Economist index of food prices rose 78 % ; soyabeans and rice both soared more than 130 % .
Meanwhile , food stocks slumped .
In the five largest grain exporters , the ratio of stocks to consumption - plus - exports fell to 11 % in 2009 , below its ten - year average of over 15 % .
It was not just the price rises that rattled food importers .
Some of them , especially Arab ones , are oil exporters and their revenues were booming .
They could afford higher prices .
What they could not afford , though , was the spate of trade bans that grain exporters large and small imposed to keep food prices from rising at home .
Ukraine and India banned wheat exports for a while ; Argentina increased export taxes sharply .
Actions like these raised fears in the Gulf that one day importers might not be able to secure enough supplies at any price .
They persuaded many food - importing countries that they could no longer rely on world food markets for basic supplies .
Panic buying
What to do instead ?
The obvious answer was : invest in domestic farming and build up your own stocks .
Countries that could , did so .
Spending on rural infrastructure is the third largest item in China 's 4 trillion yuan ( $ 585 billion ) economic - stimulus plan .
European leaders said high prices showed the protectionist common agricultural policy needed to be preserved .
But the richest oil exporters did not have that option .
Saudi Arabia made itself self - sufficient in wheat by lavishing untold quantities of money to create grain fields in the desert .
In 2008 , however , it abandoned its self - sufficiency programme when it discovered that farmers were burning their way through water — which comes from a non-replenishable aquifer below the Arabian sands — at a catastrophic rate .
But if Saudi Arabia was growing more food than it should , and if it did not trust world markets , the only solution was to find farmland abroad .
Other Gulf states followed suit .
So did China and South Korea , countries not usually associated with water shortages but where agricultural expansion has been draining dry breadbasket areas like the North China Plain .
Water shortages have provided the hidden impulse behind many land deals .
Peter Brabeck - Letmathe , the chairman of Nestlé , claims : “ The purchases were n't about land , but water .
For with the land comes the right to withdraw the water linked to it , in most countries essentially a freebie that increasingly could be the most valuable part of the deal . ”
He calls it “ the great water grab ” .
For the countries seeking land ( or water ) , the attractions are clear .
But what of those selling or leasing their resources ?
They are keen enough , even sending road shows to the Gulf .
Sudan is letting investors export 70 % of the crop , even though it is the recipient of the largest food - aid operation in the world .
Pakistan is offering half a million hectares of land and promising Gulf investors that if they sign up , it will hire a security force of 100,000 to protect the assets .
For poor countries land deals offer a chance to reverse decades of underinvestment in agriculture .
In developing countries as a whole , the average growth in cereal yields has fallen from 3 - 6 % a year in the 1960s to 1 - 2 % a year now , says the World Bank .
This reflects , among other things , a decline in public investment .
In the 14 countries that depend most on farming , public spending on agriculture almost halved as a share of total public spending between 1980 and 2004 .
Foreign aid to farming also halved in real terms over the same period .
Farming has done worst of all in Africa , where most of the largest land deals are taking place .
There , agricultural output per farmworker was the lowest in the world during 1980 - 2004 , growing by less than 1 % a year , compared with over 3 % a year in East Asia and the Middle East .
The investors promise a lot : new seeds , new marketing , better jobs , schools , clinics and roads .
An official at Sudan 's agriculture ministry said investment in farming in his country by Arab states would rise almost tenfold from $ 700 m in 2007 to a forecast $ 7.5 billion in 2010 .
That would be half of all investment in the country , he said .
In 2007 , agricultural investment had been a mere 3 % of the total .
China has set up 11 research stations in Africa to boost yields of staple crops .
That is needed : sub-Saharan Africa spends much less than India on agricultural R&D .
Even without new seed varieties or fancy drip - feed irrigation , investment should help farmers .
One of the biggest constraints on African farming is the inability to borrow money for fertilisers .
If new landlords just helped farmers get credit , it would make a big difference .
Yet a certain wariness ought to be maintained .
Farming in Africa is hard .
It breaks backs and the naive ambitions of outsiders .
To judge by the scale of projects so far , the new investors seem to be pinning their hopes on creating technologically sophisticated large farms .
These have worked well in Europe and the Americas .
Paul Collier of Oxford University says Africa needs them too : “ African peasant farming has fallen further and further behind the advancing commercial productivity frontier . ”
But alas , the record of large farms in Africa has been poor .
Those that have done best are now moving away from staple crops to higher - value things such as flowers and fruit .
Mechanised farming schemes that grow staples have often ended with abandoned machinery rusting in the returning bush .
Moreover , large farmers are often well - connected and spend more time lobbying for special favours than doing the hard work .
Politics of a different sort poses more immediate problems .
In Madagascar this year popular hostility to a deal that would have leased 1.3 m hectares — half the island 's arable land — to Daewoo Logistics , a South Korean company , fanned the flames of opposition and contributed to the president 's overthrow .
In Zambia , the main opposition leader has come out against China 's proposed 2 m - hectare biofuels project — and China has threatened to pull out of Zambia if he ever came to power .
The chairman of Cambodia 's parliamentary foreign - affairs committee complains that no one has any idea what terms are being offered to Kuwait to lease rice paddies .
The head of the UN's Food and Agriculture Organisation , Jacques Diouf , dubs some projects “ neocolonialist ” .
Bowing before the wind , a Chinese agriculture - ministry official insists his country is not seeking to buy land abroad , though he adds that “ if there are requests , we would like to assist . ”
( On one estimate , China has signed 30 agricultural co-operation deals covering over 2 m hectares since 2007 . )
EPA
Chinese neocolonialism going down well with Mozambique 's elite
Objections to the projects are not simply Luddite .
The deals produce losers as well as winners .
Host governments usually claim that the land they are offering for sale or lease is vacant or owned by the state .
That is not always true .
“ Empty ” land often supports herders who graze animals on it .
Land may be formally owned by the state but contain people who have farmed it for generations .
Their customary rights are recognised locally , but often not accepted in law , or in the terms of a foreign - investment deal .
So the deals frequently set one group against another in host countries and the question is how those conflicts get resolved .
“ If you want people to invest in your country , you have to make concessions , ” says the spokesman for Kenya 's president .
( He was referring to a deal in which Qatar offered to build a new port in exchange for growing crops in the Tana river delta , something opposed by local farmers and conservationists . )
The trouble is that the concessions are frequently one - sided .
Customary owners are thrown off land they think of as theirs .
Smallholders have their arms twisted to sign away their rights for a pittance .
This is worrying in itself .
And it leads to so much local opposition that some deals cannot be implemented .
The Saudi Binladin Group put on hold a $ 4.3 billion project to grow rice on 500,000 hectares of Indonesia .
China postponed a 1.2 m hectare deal in the Philippines .
Farms control
Joachim von Braun , the head of IFPRI , argues that the best way to resolve the conflicts and create “ a win- win ” is for foreign investors to sign a code of conduct to improve the terms of the deals for locals .
Various international bodies have been working on their versions of such a code , including the African Union , which is due to ratify one at a summit in July .
Good practice would mean respecting customary rights ; sharing benefits among locals ( ie , not just bringing in your own workers ) , increasing transparency ( current deals are shrouded in secrecy ) and abiding by national trade policies ( which means not exporting if the host country is suffering a famine ) .
These sound well and good .
But Sudan and Ethiopia have famines now : should they be declining to sign land deals altogether ?
Many of the worst abuses are committed by the foreign investors ' local partners : will they be restrained by some international code ?
There are plenty of reasons for scepticism about these deals .
If they manage to reverse the long decline of farming in poor countries , they will have justified themselves .
But like any big farming venture , they will take years to reveal their full impact .
For the moment , the right response is to defer judgment and keep a watchful , hopeful but wary eye on their progress .
Nadine Dorries , the Conservative frontbencher who claimed the Daily Telegraph 's revelations on expenses could drive MPs to suicide , has had her blog shut down by lawyers acting for the newspaper .
The virtually unprecedented action against a serving MP came after Dorries was disowned by her party leader , David Cameron , and described as " wacky " by senior Conservative sources .
She had claimed that MPs were being " tortured " by the Telegraph 's dripfeed of revelations .
Nadine Dorries .
Photograph : Guardian
The newspaper is understood to have acted after she made further allegations concerning the motivation of the newspaper 's proprietors , Sir David and Sir Frederick Barclay .
Withers , the lawyers acting for the Barclay brothers , are understood to have instructed the takedown , invoking the acceptable user policy used by internet service providers to protect themselves against libel action provoked by comments on websites they host .
Dorries was defended by fellow bloggers yesterday , including Iain Dale , who said he had not agreed with Dorries 's allegations " but so what ?
I defend her right to say it , no matter how ill advised I think some of it might have been for her personally .
Can it really now be illegal or libellous to question a newspaper 's agenda and motives , or those of its owners ? "
As an MP , if Dorries chose to repeat her allegations on the floor of the Commons she could expect to be covered by parliamentary privilege , which protects MPs against being sued for libel and is designed to preserve their right to free speech in the public interest .
But privilege does not cover comments made outside the chamber .
Dorries , a former nurse best known for her attempts to change the law on abortion , has herself been targeted by the Telegraph .
It forced her to disclose to constituents that she lives partly in the Cotswolds despite designating a rented house in her Mid Bedfordshire constituency as her second home .
She has been the only MP so far to pre-empt the newspaper by publishing on her blog the letter it sent to her outlining its allegations .
In an article for the Independent newspaper published yesterday , Dorries said the investigation was becoming a " witch - hunt " and attacked the Telegraph for " picking off a few MPs each day , emailing at noon , giving five hours to reply , recording the conversation , not allowing them to speak , telling them they are going to publish anyway " .
Dorries is herself threatening legal action over the leaked Damian McBride emails discussing smearing senior Tories , which she says contained false and scurrilous allegations against her .
A spokesman for the Telegraph yesterday declined to comment .
Here is an excerpt from Robin Emmott 's article on Reuters.com :
" Mexico 's Gulf cartel and its brutal " Zetas " hit squad are taking on the country 's most wanted drug lord on his own turf , escalating a fight for supremacy in a drug war that is worrying the United States .
The Zetas , considered Mexico 's most violent gang and feared for beheading victims , are pushing into the northwestern state of Durango in a new battle against arch-rival Joaquin " Shorty " Guzman , Mexico 's top drug fugitive .
At least 235 people have died in drug violence in the mountainous state this year in a fight over smuggling routes and marijuana and opium plantations that Guzman has long dominated ...
" Without a doubt , the Zetas are advancing in Durango and some towns are basically under their control , " said Rafael Herrera , a political analyst and former editor of a regional newspaper ...
Lazcano is turning his attention in Durango to controlling rural outposts along smuggling corridors previously held by Guzman to win informants , hide and attack the military . "
Link to Full Article
Analysis :
There is no doubt that the level of violence in Durango has increased in recent months , as documented by Ms. Emmott in another Reuters article .
When violence increases in a relatively specific area in Mexico , that means that either two DTOs are fighting for control of a lucrative plaza ( a drug smuggling corridor ) like Nuevo Laredo or Cuidad Juarez , or a DTO is having some internal control issues , like the AFO in Tijuana .
I also have no doubt that some sort of conflict is going on between the Sinaloa Federation and Los Zetas .
My question is what Lazcano 's priorities are with this strategy .
The article mentions controlling outposts along smuggling routes , winning informants , finding places to hide and attack the military , etc .
However , those are lofty goals if he expects to accomplish all of them .
Let 's do a quick comparison of Los Zetas and the Sinaloa Federation , while making a few assumptions .
Los Zetas used to be merely enforcers for the Gulf cartel , but after Osiel Cardenas Guillen was incarcerated and extradited to the US , they took over a good chunk of the Gulf cartel 's operations .
While I do n't think anyone is ready to say that the two organizations are one and the same or use the names interchangeably , one can reasonably assume that any moves by Los Zetas has a direct impact on Gulf business , for better or for worse .
There are two important differences between the Gulf and Sinaloa cartels .
The Gulf cartel controls more plazas than the Federation .
However , the Federation controls significantly more physical territory than the Gulf cartel .
Controlling more routes is a competitive advantage because you can move more product across the border .
However , controlling more territory has the advantages of providing more places to manufacture drugs , more places to hide , more officials to bribe in population centers , and more potential recruits .
I 'm sure all of the Sinaloa advantages are tempting to Lazcano and his crew , but El Chapo is quite a force to contend with .
He has his own enforcement teams , Los Pelones and Los Negros among them .
No one really knows the exact Zetas numbers , but the latest estimates place them between 200 - 250 core members .
However , Los Zetas have grown into a network and almost a brand name ; that network of informants and other associates could number in the thousands .
This would serve as a huge benefit to Lazcano in a conflict with El Chapo 's people .
Undoubtedly , El Chapo has a challenge on his hands .
Not only does he have Lazcano to worry about on one side , but he's also backing Teodoro " El Teo " Garcia Simental in a battle for AFO 's remaining territory in northern Baja California .
As is typical for these kinds of turf wars , things are likely to get worse before they get better , and as the author implies , only time will tell who has the upper hand .
Submitted by Terence Doherty , guest author ( via
)
Here ’s some recent news about the real estate markets in China .
I think it is fascinating watching how these things unfold .
This proves once again that the lesson of history is that we do n’t learn the lessons of history .
I predicted over 2 years ago that the Chinese stock markets would implode dramatically , much to everybody ’s disbelief and skepticism .
It began a few months sooner than I thought , but , that is exactly what has happened .
Now for the last year or so , I have predicted that things will get VERY bad in the Chinese real estate markets over the next several years .
Again , most people I have talked to about this ( especially Chinese ) have almost universally dismissed this notion as absurd .
But this is not just a guess .
When you read these articles , you will see just some of the evidence that leads me to this conclusion .
There are a lot of data on this , and most of it comes from statistics issued by various Chinese government agencies .
But it is not advertised by the mainland press or TV .
So , many Chinese are not at all aware , and think that everything will soon be wonderful , because that is pretty much what they constantly hear from the official media .
That is one thing I noticed immediately about China : there is a constant barrage everywhere you turn — - TV , advertisements , magazines , newspapers , billboards , etc. — - that essentially suggests that everything is wonderful and getting more wonderful all the time , and everybody is just happy , happy , happy , and China is getting better and better and stronger and stronger .
I was really struck by this .
It was like living in a never - ending infomercial .
Maybe some go to China and are not very aware of this , but to me it was like a constant din .
Actually , at least some of this data is readily available on the mainland .
But it requires digging .
The official news agencies like Xinhua and the People ’s Daily just keep repeating the same mindless mantra in endlessly varying ways every day : “ Everything is good , there are only a few small little problems , but the Motherland is unstoppable and will just get mightier and mightier and mightier . ”
If the Falun Gong would just chant that mantra , they would get to keep their organs and they would have no more problems in China .
The news here is actually worse than I realized .
One very alarming thing is that the Chinese banks have avoided writing down bad debt .
I should have assumed this would happen , since it is hard to see how it could be avoided , given the nature of the Chinese culture .
This is NOT a good idea .
It is like pretending that defaults and bad debt simply do n’t exist , and this is very bad for the financial sector in the long run .
This is exactly what the Japanese banks have done , and it is partly because of this that their stock markets have imploded over the last 20 years , and their economy has been stagnant for many years — - the Nikkei collapsed in late 1989 after peaking at about 39,000 .
Now , a full 20 years later , it is only trading at around 8800 , and would have to rise another 450 % just to equal the old highs , and that would not even consider the effects of the reduced buying power of the yen today vs. 1989 .
When you take that and inflation into consideration , the Nikkei would probably have to rise more like 700 % or 800 % or more from current levels to equal the equivalent of 1989 values .
This is actually not very atypical for an imploded bubble .
And that is exactly what the Shanghai and Shenzhen markets are looking at , since you have the exact same lethal combination in 1989 Japan as you do now in China : dual bubbles in real estate and stocks ( one has imploded ) , and a decided reluctance to face facts and write down bad debt and defaults .
In contrast , in the US in March 2000 , we had a bubble in the stock market but not the real estate sector .
And even though 7 trillion dollars in stock equity disappeared after March 2000 , there was an increase in value of the real estate markets of 8 trillion dollars that more than offset those losses .
That is a major factor that allowed the economy to expand in subsequent years , but that is not possible in China , just as it was not possible in 1989 Japan .
This is a singularly ominous combination that makes China ’s economic future outlook over the next 25 years very grim .
And that , in turn , will lead to acceleration of civil unrest .
In fact , that has already happened : incidents of violent civil unrest have accelerated markedly all across China over the past year or two .
But I think this could well get far more noticeable and disruptive .
Some economists have said that in order to avoid disruptive amounts of civil unrest ( as opposed to the more manageable baseline levels of unrest that are a constant ) , China ’s economy must grow by 8.5 % per year or more , just to keep enough people quiet .
I suspect that is probably more or less approximately true in principle , although I do n’t know where they came up with that number .
But regardless of what that magic number might be , when that economy gets really bad — – watch out .
That ’s the seeds of civil war , if you ask me .
If you have a very large group of desperate people coupled with an extreme polarization of wealth , you have a classic “ haves ” vs. “ have nots ” Marxian confrontation that is the underpinning of most if not all major revolutions .
Then , the only missing ingredient is a charismatic leader ( like Mao , for example ….. ) .
Eventually , debt must be written down , otherwise confidence in the banking sector will be insufficient to promote liquidity , and if you cannot promote liquidity and credit markets , you can not stimulate economic recovery .
And that is the story of Japan over the last 20 years .
That is what has been happening here in the US over the last year or two , but this is getting better here because banks and other financial institutions have been booking their losses ( mostly because the government forced them to do this when they gave them the stimulus money ) .
So why do banks resist writing down bad debt ?
Because in the short term , it makes them look like failures , and people in positions of power are afraid they will lose their jobs .
So , to keep their jobs and to “ save face , ” ( NEVER underestimate the critical importance of “ face ” in Asian cultures ! ) , they just keep pretending everything is wonderful .
The problem is they keep their jobs and look like they are very clever , but that just makes things worse and worse , and eventually causes the economy to just stagnate and go nowhere .
Just ask the Japanese …….
Anyway , ….. no matter what people may tell you , this is the worst possible time to buy real estate in China in particular , or to invest in China in general .
Read these and you will see why .
Look at this one - http://www.moneymorning.com/2008/01/09/with-fears-of-a-real-estate-bubble-growing-china-looks-to-throttle-back-foreign-investments-in-development-projects/ , dated January 9 , 2008 ….. They talk about a book that was “ just published ” by some hedge fund whiz by the name of Rogers who lives in China now .
The book is about as bullish as you can get on China .
He says that “ even if China ’s stock market were to plummet , that country ’s economy would remain healthy , and would continue to advance unchecked . ”
He calls China “ the world ’s greatest market .
” I do n’t know if this is a pump - and - dump scheme , but it sure sounds like one to me .
Somebody ought to inform Mr. Rogers that even as his book was being published , the Shanghai and Shenzhen bubbles had already burst , had plummeted 15 % in a few months , and were destined to drop far more over the remainder of 2008 .
And despite the fact that these bubbles lost over 70 % in a year , they have NOT seen the bottom yet .
And , they wo n’t see those lofty 6000 + levels again in real dollar ( or real RMB ) terms for another 30 years at least .
If you ask me , there ’s no better short in the world than China .
The problem is that the vehicles for shorting anything in China are very limited and not ideal .
Well - heeled investors in China can short those markets , but this is a relatively recent development ( maybe 2 years ago they changed the regulations ) .
The average retail investor in China still can not short anything in those markets , because there are very stiff capital maintenance requirements with brokers there .
And , the average retail investor elsewhere has only a couple of choices .
So how to make money in China ?
I think you could make a lot of money in China in two rather obvious ways : Short - sell the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock indexes ( there are ways to do that here in the US , albeit not ideal ways ) Short - sell the Chinese real estate market ( not sure how you can do that ) .
Here ’s a very recent piece on a report just released by Albert Edwards and Societe Generale .
Edwards correctly called the 1997 bubble in Asia .
They are now predicting new lows will be reached in Asian markets in the second half of 2009 .
He is dead on with this quote : “ The continued enthusiasm for all things China reminds me so much of the way investors were almost totally blind to the fact the US growth miracle was build on sand .
China could be the biggest disappointment yet . ” [ See : Soc Gen : " Expect New Equity Lows In H2 " , China Is The Global Achilles Heel , Zero Hedge ] .
I would only add that , in my view , there is no doubt : China will be the biggest disappointment yet .
That economy will display in historically unprecedented graphic detail exactly how much devastation bubbles can cause , ESPECIALLY simultaneous bubbles .
China reminds me of a place near where I live called “ The Wedge . ”
It is a famous place for body surfing and belly - boarding , and just as famous ( or infamous ) for the steady toll of injuries and deaths the place produces .
The waves come from the northwest , bounce off the jetty , then head back into the path of incoming waves .
Two waves meet and potentiate one another , and rise to peak in a “ wedge ” shape that often has unbelievably ferocious power .
And , because these waves break very close to shore in shallow water , there have been quite a lot of people who went “ over the top ” and were jackhammered into the sand and rendered paraplegic or quadriplegic there , or killed outright .
You ’d never believe the ferocity of this place unless you have been there and seen it with your own eyes and ears ( it is LOUD ) .
Crowds gather on the sand on big days just to gaze in awe ( and watch the inevitable carnage ) .
People do n’t simply get “ rag - dolled ” here when they do n’t make the wave , they can get flat pulverized into the sand .
The WEDGE - Huge Surf / April 11 , 2007
Well , I think you ’ve got the equivalent in China , because both real estate and equity markets have formed frightening bubbles .
And , just to add to things , an increasing proportion of both commercial and residential real estate lies vacant , building continues nonetheless , the banking sector ’s fortunes are strongly tied to the construction and real estate markets , there is virtually no secondary market for real estate to speak of , and Chinese banks are notoriously reluctant to write down bad debt .
Sounds to me a lot like Japan in the late 80 s — only worse .
The Nikkei even today is trading about 75 % below where it was trading at the peak in late 1989 .
And that does n’t even consider the change in buying power of the yen over that time .
This is a devastating loss that takes at least a full generation to repair .
I think China will recapitulate what happened in Japan , and for all the same reasons .
You ’ve got precisely the same prerequisites for disaster in China , so why would it be any different this time ?
Plus , there are some additional reasons why things will be particularly bad there over then next 25 or 30 years .
One thing we have learned about bubbles — - once they are fully formed , there is no way to tame them , just like a fully - formed wave at the Wedge when it ’s really firing .
They just have to expend their explosive energy , and anybody with the common sense God gave gravel will just get out of the way .
There is no way to suppress or regulate these things once they begin to gather momentum .
No government or regulatory body has ever succeeded in doing so , to the best of my knowledge , and few if any have any motivation to even try .
Why would anybody mess with a cash cow that is driving an economy at breakneck speed , after all ?
We have not seen the full force of the implosion yet .
That is still probably months away .
In the meantime , the bull trap sucker ’s rally that the Chinese stock market have been in for several months now rather predictably out - suckers even the US sucker ’s rally .
The Shanghai market is up almost 70 % from the lows in November .
That one has gone about as far as it can go now , and is really gonna crash and burn .
Here ’s a very interesting story published a few weeks ago in the Far Eastern Economic Review on the real estate markets in China .
You will see that the gist of this is that a huge proportion of real estate bought in China lies empty .
The reasons are not completely understood , but it is not simply a matter of a huge supply / demand imbalance ( although that is certainly the case ) .
Beyond that , there are more ominous undertones with potential repercussions that are very bad .
It seems that many Chinese buy real estate because they view it as a “ ca n’t lose ” investment ( sound familiar ? ) .
They do n’t often rent out the space .
It is not as easy to rent residential space in China , because anybody who can would rather buy a new house , partly because of the prestige value , but also partly because they believe that real estate is a “ ca n’t lose ” investment .
Evidently they have the belief that at some point in the future , they could always sell the property , since it is still technically “ new . ”
Remember , there is at best only a very small secondary market in real estate in China .
Nobody in China goes shopping for a “ used ” home , they always look for a home in brand new developments .
These are typically high rise apartment buildings that are really not very attractive at all by our standards ( with some exceptions in parts of Beijing and some of the other largest cities ) .
They often look more like tenement slums , particularly after they age a few years , because nobody does much painting or landscaping in Chinese residential areas .
I have never seen housing tracts like the ones that are so common in the US , and I suppose they exist somewhere to a very limited extent , but I never even saw any single - family free - standing homes .
It ’s all high rise condo / apartment buildings .
I realize this is kind of paradoxical ….. that Chinese would believe they can always make money selling a home second - hand despite the fact that the secondary market is small or even nonexistent in places .
But , that ’s China .
I think they are less concerned with actually realizing a gain , than in maintaining a paper gain .
Again , a not insignificant factor here is the prestige value .
Anyhow , obviously this attitude among Chinese has only made things worse , because it has kept a doomed real estate market hovering and even pushing higher artificially .
The demand for living space has not kept this market up , just the demand for real estate as a place to park cash .
But builders do n’t care , they just keep building anyway .
Now , this will lead to disaster , partly for the same reason that disaster struck the stock markets there : investors who were once convinced that the Chinese stock market was a get - rich - quick machine lost confidence as they lost money , and that started the implosion in that market .
Now , something like 30 % of residential real estate in the big cities at least is unoccupied .
What might happen to that real estate when the value of new residential real estate begins to plummet ?
What would YOU do if you owned a residence in Beijing , and suddenly discovered that brand new housing of comparable size / location could be bought for much less than what you paid for yours ?
How long would you hold on to it ?
How long would you continue to pay the mortgage ?
I think you ’ll see people walking away from mortgages , just like you do everywhere else , except the scale will be massively increased because much of the property is unoccupied , and cannot be sold very easily , except perhaps at a deep discount .
And , as properties pile up on bank asset sheets , what will they do with them in a country that does n’t have much of a secondary market and has far worse unemployment than we do ?
They ca n’t even sell them at fire - sale prices to any significant degree .
I do n’t know how much Chinese banks gorged themselves on the CDO feeding frenzy that brought down the US banking sector .
But even if they refrained somehow , they have a problem that might be just as bad : a ton of housing that will end up on their books , and no way to get rid of most of it .
That could lead to eventually booking nearly total losses , which virtually never occurs in the US .
And , just as occurred in Japan , they will pretend as long as they can that these losses do n’t exist , but it is only a question of time until they are forced to face facts .
Knowing a thing or two about China and Chinese , I bet Chinese banks will label the real estate that ends up on their books as “ assets ” and will value them at full value , as if the mortgage were still being paid and would eventually be paid in full .
They would probably want to just downgrade the stated interest rate on the mortgage to zero , but the problem there is that with mortgages in China , there are big down payments ( typically at least 25 % ) , and the terms of the mortgages are usually rather short ( typically 10 years ) .
So , most mortgages require paying more on the principal from the beginning .
That makes it much harder for a bank to pretend that no loss has occurred .
They ’ll figure out some way to rig the books .
Chinese expertise at lying with numbers is well - established and among the best ( or worst , depending on whether you value the truth or not ) .
In fact , it is long - established unwritten government policy to produce absurdly optimistic statistics .
But the end result will only be postponed somewhat .
And people will remain fooled longer than they otherwise would have .
Anyhow , I think this is all pretty much inevitable .
Chinese will predictably lose confidence in real estate as a “ cash - equivalent ” commodity or hedge against inflation .
They will look to park their assets in whatever other safe havens they think there are , such as gold , US treasuries , etc .
They certainly wo n’t pour money into the stock markets .
They will walk away from mortgages en masse , and scramble to try to sell real estate holdings at a loss , probably with very limited luck .
There wo n’t be a lot of buyers lining up to buy discounted residences in a deteriorating real estate market , with unemployment rising and corporate profits sinking and business going under and exports dropping ( all of this has been steadily developing or is well underway ) .
This might seem rather gloomy , but I really ca n’t see much of anything optimistic in China ’s future over the next several decades .
Quite the opposite , you have been hard - pressed to have scripted a better economic doomsday scenario if you tried .
TradeBesides the fact that corporate profits in China are down 30 % this year , there is another series of widely underappreciated statistics : trade .
China ’s economy is heavily dependent on exports of cheap goods .
For one thing , this approach is unsustainable and does not of itself lead to economic strength .
That ’s why many cheap labor countries that similarly produce a lot of cheap , low - tech items do not thrive ( e.g. , Thailand , Honduras , Vietnam , etc. ) .
In fact , they merely wallow in poverty that they can’t seem to get out of .
Do n’t forget , despite a wealthy class in the big cities in China , there is really no middle class , and the average wage in the countryside is often less than $ 100 per year .
Even in the cities , the equivalent of the working class there typically makes around 1000 to 2000 RMB per month ( roughly $ 145 to $ 290 US per month ) .
But the vast majority of Chinese live in the countryside , which is another world compared to Shanghai , Guangzhou , and Beijing , which house just a small fraction of China ’s population .
Imagining that these cities typify China is like standing on the Strip in Las Vegas and imagining that this is just a typical road in a a typical American town .
So , China is classified as an emerging / developing economy by the World Bank .
We know one thing about recessions and depressions : economies that depend the most on exports are the ones that suffer the most .
And without question , of all the major exporting countries in the world , China ’s economy is the most heavily dependent on exports , mostly consisting of cheap goods .
So what has happened to China ’s exports ?
Well — notwithstanding a never - ending stream of perennially wrong predictions for over 6 months that things are turning around and recovery is imminent — there ’s no good news no matter where you look .
The rosiest statistics involve those denominated in dollars , but that markedly underestimates the real RMB - linked economic impact .
But what do these statistics show ?
In November , exports dropped in China for the first time in 7 years .
In December , the drop was even steeper , and exports have dropped every single month thereafter .
In May , exports dropped over 26 % compared to the same month last year , which was the greatest drop that economy has ever experienced .
Worse , exports to the European Union ( China ’s biggest foreign market ) plunged 41.3 % in May .
Inexplicably however , many analysts ( especially in China , unsurprisingly ) insist the worst of the slump is over , despite little or no tangible evidence to support that conclusion .
But this has been a constant theme since November : every month , government ( and other ) spokesmen in China assert that things would quickly improve .
For example , after exports fell 22.6 % in April ( which was a record , until the following month ) , Commerce Ministry spokesman Yao Jian said that China was confident exports would imporve “ on the basis of the gradual recovery seen in the first quarter . ”
Gradual recovery ?
You call plunging exports , with each month exceeding the previous month , “ gradual recovery ? ” Even the Wall Street Journal got suckered into this lunacy .
After exports dropped 17.1 % in March and then 22.6 % in April ( both figures exceeded estimates , by the way ) , the WSJ cited increasing investment statistics , and said “ The investment data reflect how Beijing ’s stimulus program , which is focused on public infrastructure investments backed by a flood of bank credit , has helped stabilize the economy .
” I am not sure what “ flood of bank credit ” they are referring to .
Actually , cheap credit by Chinese banks is drying up rapidly , which is not the least surprising , given the economic reality .
In fact , in April , lending by Chinese banks dropped two - thirds compared to March .
One of the reasons the government is putting the brakes on lending is because there is widespread suspicion that as much as one - third of the new loans during the first quarter were going into the stock market , not fixed investments .
Could that be why the Shanghai market is up 54 % so far this year , despite nothing but economic news moving from bad to really bad , and corporate profits down 30 % ?
The upshot is that while inflation has plagued China for years , now they have a new and far more ominous economic foe : DEFLATION .
Not many seem to have noticed , but as of May , the Chinese economy had experienced FOUR straight months of deflation .
What was the response ?
Here ’s an example , which is pretty much the same sort of tone we have seen all along in response to increasingly bad economic conditions in China : " ’ Although the indices continued to see negative growth in April , deflationary concerns appear to be subsiding as the economy shows signs of recovery , ’ said Jing Ulrich , chairman of China equities at JPMorgan . ”
China Economic NetWHAT signs of recovery , other the continuous drone of optimistic pronouncements from analysts and government officials ?
A month later , when “ signs of recovery ” once again failed to materialize , but instead were replaced with another month of plunging exports and deflation , Forbes gave this laughable pronouncement :
“ China ’s consumer prices continued to fall as expected in May , but analysts expect a price rebound by the end of this year .
Meanwhile , the deflation could be a boon for consumers as China weathers a slowdown of wage growth .
” Well , I suppose wage growth is only a concern for that rapidly shrinking proportion of Chinese who actually have jobs .
You think unemployment is bad here , well we are living the high life compared to China .
In Beijing , they threw out most of the peasants who migrated to the cities looking for work and ended up building the Olympic facilities .
Now , the huge numbers of Chinese peasants that flocked to the cities ( which was , by the way , the largest migration of human beings in the history of the world ) have gone back to their farms , but they are mostly not needed there , either .
23 million migrant workers can’t find a job in the cities , and they ca n’t find work back home .
University graduates spend years looking for work , and often end up selling clothes or working in one of the omnipresent KFCs .
China ’s answer ?
Well , according to the China Post , they want to train people to be housekeepers !
Right .
THAT oughta turn China into an economic powerhouse !
For some reason , everybody seems intent on putting lipstick on this pig and calling it a Playboy bunny .
Sphere : Related Content
Mario Diamantis spent a lot of his childhood hanging upside down from trees .
But in a tree , you 're stuck .
Skybike is the solution to his eternal childhood dilemma : Freedom .
Advertisement
Well , depending on how you define freedom .
It is like riding a bike on the sky .
But , um , harder .
You 're actually peddling against your own weight while strapped in at a 45 - degree angle , so while Mario 's taken the hand - built bike — which is made almost entirely out of scraps found in the streets of NYC — across bridges , he 's only been able to ride it for about 25 minutes continuously before freedom takes its toll .
Advertisement
But maybe a warp - drive - powered version is how we 'll reach the stars one day .
[ Skybike at ITP ]
You do n’t need the exterminator for these ants you need the ghost busters
It sounds like something out of science fiction : zombie fire ants .
But it ’s all too real .
Fire ants wander aimlessly away from the mound .
Eventually their heads fall off , and they die .
The strange part is that researchers at the University of Texas at Austin and Texas A& M ’s AgriLife Extension Service say making “ zombies ” out of fire ants is a good thing .
“ It ’s a tool – they ’re not going to completely wipe out the fire ant , but it ’s a way to control their population , ” said Scott Ludwig , an integrated pest management specialist with the AgriLife Extension Service in Overton , in East Texas .
The tool is the tiny phorid fly , native to a region of South America where the fire ants in Texas originated .
Researchers have learned that there are as many as 23 phorid species along with pathogens that attack fire ants to keep their population and movements under control .
So far , four phorid species have been introduced in Texas .
The flies “ dive - bomb ” the fire ants and lay eggs .
The maggot that hatches inside the ant eats away at the brain , and the ant starts exhibiting what some might say is zombie - like behavior .
“ At some point , the ant gets up and starts wandering , ” said Rob Plowes , a research associate at UT .
The maggot eventually migrates into the ant ’s head , but Plowes said he “ would n’t use the word ‘ control ’ to describe what is happening .
There is no brain left in the ant , and the ant just starts wandering aimlessly .
This wandering stage goes on for about two weeks . ”
About a month after the egg is laid , the ant ’s head falls off and the fly emerges ready to attack any foraging ants away from the mound and lay eggs .
Plowes said fire ants are “ very aware ” of these tiny flies , and it only takes a few to cause the ants to modify their behavior .
“ Just one or two flies can control movement or above - ground activity , ” Plowes said .
“ It ’s kind of like a medieval activity where you ’re putting a castle under siege . ”
Researchers began introducing phorid species in Texas in 1999 .
The first species has traveled all the way from Central and South Texas to the Oklahoma border .
This year , UT researchers will add colonies south of the Metroplex at farms and ranches from Stephenville to Overton .
It is the fourth species introduced in Texas .
Fire ants cost the Texas economy about $ 1 billion annually by damaging circuit breakers and other electrical equipment , according to a Texas A&M study .
They can also threaten young calves .
Determining whether the phorid flies will work in Texas will take time , perhaps as long as a decade .
“ These are very slow acting , ” Plowes said .
“ It ’s more like a cumulative impact measured across a time frame of years .
It ’s not an immediate silver bullet impact . ”
The flies , which are USDA - approved , do not attack native ants or species and have been introduced in other Gulf Coast states , Plowes said .
Despite initial concerns , farmers and ranchers have been willing to let researchers use their property to establish colonies .
At the Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association in Fort Worth in March , Plowes said they found plenty of volunteers .
via:news.yahoo
Bolig for livet - et sundt hus
Med konceptet ” Bolig for livet ” lancerer VELFAC sin egen vision for fremtidens bæredygtige boliger .
Del siden :
Bolig for livet er en boligtype som er mere end selvforsynende med energi .
Projektet kombinerer energioptimering med komfort og æstetik , og VELFAC har i den forbindelse samarbejdet med forskningsmiljøer som bl .a .
Arkitektskolen Aarhus , Ingeniørhøjskolen i Aarhus og Alexandra Instituttet .
Med ” Bolig for livet ” vil VELFAC udforske de muligheder , der ligger i at udvikle fremtidens energirigtige byggeri i et helhedsperspektiv .
Intelligent hus giver et indeklima i top
Anne -Mette Juhl og Kurt Kristensen får masser af frisk luft og dagslys i deres energi-hus ’ Bolig for Livet ’ .
VELFAC demo - huset med et vinduesareal der er dobbelt så stort som normalt , nærmer sig den ultimative kombination af energieffektivitet , design og livskvalitet .
Det har hidtil været en udbredt opfattelse , at lavenergihuse er lig med et dårligt indeklima .
Men nu viser en ny undersøgelse , foretaget af Esbensen Rågivende Ingeniører , at et lavt energiforbrug sagtens kan gå hånd i hånd med et godt indeklima .
Parret , der bor i demonstrationshuset Bolig for Livet i Lystrup nord for Århus , har oplevet en behagelig temperatur , en god udskiftning af luft , samt et fint niveau for det atmosfæriske indeklima .
– Vi befinder os fantastisk i et dejligt lyst og sundt hus , hvor luftskiftet foretages automatisk og regelmæssigt , siger Anne-Mette Juhl om at bo i Bolig for Livet .
Sammen med sin mand , Kurt Kristensen , købte hun Bolig for Livet i januar 2011 .
Huset er opført af VELFAC i 2008 i samarbejde med søsterselskabet VELUX som et eksperiment med det formål at undersøge , hvordan energieffektivitet kan forenes med arkitektonisk frihed og godt indeklima .
Siden juli 2009 er der foretaget systematiske målinger af energi og indeklima , og huset er løbende videreudviklet og nye løsninger afprøvet .
Overraskende godt nyt
Det er positivt at se , at det er muligt via synergien mellem bygningens design , automatik og brugernes interaktion at påvirke indeklimaet i en positiv retning .
I forhold til overophedning ligger alle de målte opholdsrum inden for indeklimakategori 1 , fremgår det af rapporten , som det rådgivende ingeniørfirma Esbensen står bag .
Det er på flere måder et overraskende resultat , fordi der blandt ingeniører og andre rådgivere , der projekterer lavenergihuse , har været en debat om , hvordan man kan nedsætte energiniveauet og samtidig øge komforten og forbedre indeklimaet .
- Testresultaterne i Bolig for Livet viser , at det ikke behøver at være et enten eller .
Vinduer mod alle fire verdenshjørner kombineret med naturlig udluftning og solafskærmning bidrager positivt til både energiregnskab , komfort og indeklima , siger adm .
direktør Finn Jespersen , VELFAC .
Helhedsløsning
Husejernes oplevelse bekræftes fuldt ud i de foreliggende målinger , som opfylder kravet til den bedste kategori inden for indeklima et hus kan få .
Det ekstraordinært gode indeklima er opnået med en energiramme , der er lavere end de forventede krav til boliger fra år 2020 .
Samtidig er lysindfaldet næsten dobbelt så stort som i de fleste andre boliger .
– Vores ambitioner rækker videre end at leve op til gældende og fremtidige energikrav , siger adm .
direktør Finn Jespersen , VELFAC .
– Vi vil under ingen omstændigheder gå på kompromis med mængden af dagslys og frisk luft , som jo er to af hovedingredienserne i et godt indeklima .
Boliger skal ikke kun være energieffektive , de skal også være behagelige at leve i , fortsætter han .
Testresultater i Bolig for Livet , som bygger på målinger gennem et år , er foretaget af det rådgivende ingeniørfirma Esbensen .
Det er første gang , at vi i Danmark er gået så grundigt til værks med at måle direkte på indeklima og komfort i et boligbyggeri .
Kurt Kristensen og Anne-Mette Juhl har nu boet i Bolig for Livet i godt et år .
De fortæller om et fantastisk indeklima med konstante temperaturer , frisk luft og masser af dagslys .
Målingerne af indeklimaet foretaget i huset understøtter deres oplevelse .
Et sundt hus
De seneste målinger foretaget i 2011 taler deres eget tydelige sprog om godt indeklima .
Et lavt CO2 - indhold er udtryk for luftens friskhed , og det termiske indeklima med begrænsede temperaturudsving er også på plads i Bolig for Livet .
Mange vinduer er alts å ikke ensbetydende med overophedning , så længe der arbejdes med effektiv solafskærmning .
– Det er dejligt , at der er så meget lys .
Det er ikke nødvendigt at rejse sig og gå hen til vinduerne for at se ud .
Med det store vinduesareal kommer udsigten til os , uanset om vi står og laver mad , eller sidder i stuen og på værelserne , siger Kurt Kristensen .
– Hvert rum i huset er en arkitektonisk perle og oplevelse .
Vores voksne børn er begejstrede for at være her og drømmer om selv at få et tilsvarende hus engang .
Der er således målt og registreret et godt termisk , atmosfærisk og visuelt indeklima og så er det gode indeklima opnået samtidig med , at energirammen er lavere end kravet til Bygningsklasse 2020 .
Indeklimaet er holdt op mod parametrene i DS / EN 15252 , der beskriver en række indendørs miljøparametre , bl.a. luftkvalitet , termisk miljø , belysning og akustik .
Energiproducerende bolig
I ” Bolig for livet ” producerer boligen mere energi , end den bruger , og al energi er vedvarende .
Klassificeringsmæssigt er ” Bolig for livet ” opført som Lavenergiklasse 1 byggeri , men man har valgt betegnelsen aktivhus , fordi huset :
Selv producerer , den CO2 - neutrale energi , det bruger
Har aktive facader , som bl .a. sikrer dagslys og et godt indeklima
Er bygget af bæredygtige materialer
I ” Bolig for livet ” dækker vinduerne over halvdelen af boligens opvarmningsbehov .
Dette enestående resultat skyldes , at vinduerne spillede en central rolle i boligens designfase , hvor VELFAC samarbejdede med både arkitekter og ingeniører om at udvikle det mest optimale vindue .
Federal regulators and antismoking groups are taking steps that could snuff out electronic cigarettes , the smokeless nicotine products embraced by a growing number of people trying to kick the habit or avoid bans on smoking in public .
Electronic cigarettes typically consist of a metal tube containing an atomizer , a battery and a cartridge filled with liquid nicotine .
When a user sucks on an e-cigarette , a light - emitting diode causes the tip to glow and the atomizer turns the liquid nicotine into a vapor -- thus it is called ...
Lost among the mountain of new PSP games in Sony ’s E3 press conference , Fat Princess made a brief appearance squeezed onto the smaller screen of the PSP .
Was this a sneaky announcement of a PSP version of Fat Princess ?
For now we will classify this as a rumor until it is confirmed by our E3 team .
Stay tuned to PlayStation LifeStyle for more info as the story unfolds !
Update : and now confirmed by VG247 !
I 've got the rest figured out but does anybody have an idea what the monster may be valued at ?
I checked Ebay and there are n't any for sale .
Happy Easter !
Let us proclaim the mystery of eggs .
This photo comes to us from Luca B. , who says , " So we were making a batch of deviled eggs ( yum ) as an Easter hor d'oeuvre when we discovered that every egg we had hard - boiled then peeled contained a double yolk !
( Purchased from the Trader Joe 's in Brooklyn . ) "
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
The Technology Innovation Management Review ( TIM Review ) provides insightful content about the issues and emerging trends relevant to launching and growing technology businesses .
The TIM Review focuses on the theories , strategies , and tools that help small and large technology companies succeed .
Our readers are looking for practical ideas they can apply within their own organizations .
The TIM Review brings together diverse viewpoints - from academics , entrepreneurs , companies of all sizes , the public sector , the community sector , and others - to bridge the gap between theory and practice , with a particular focus on the topics of technology and global entrepreneurship in small and large companies .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A House of Representatives committee on Tuesday said it would subpoena the Federal Reserve to force the central bank to surrender documents regarding its role in Bank of America ’s takeover of Merrill Lynch last year .
John Thain ( L ) , chairman and CEO of Merrill Lynch & Co , sakes hands with Bank of America Corp Chairman and CEO Kenneth Lewis during a news conference announcing Bank of America Corporation 's acquisition of Merril Lynch in New York September 15 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
The subpoena comes two days before Bank of America Chief Executive Ken Lewis is set to testify before the House Oversight Committee , which is probing the transaction , what Lewis knew about Merrill ’s financial condition and potential regulatory pressure to complete the deal .
Lewis , in testimony prepared for the hearing , said he became aware of “ significant , accelerating losses ” at Merrill in mid-December after the shareholder vote .
Lewis has consistently maintained in statements that he did not realize the severity of Merrill ’s problems until after that vote .
The CEO , who has since been ousted as chairman , also said he told Treasury and Fed officials he was considering declaring a “ material adverse change ” which would have allowed it to walk away from the acquisition .
“ Treasury and Federal Reserve representatives asked us to delay any such action , and expressed significant concerns about the systemic consequences , ” Lewis said in the testimony .
Fed chairman Ben Bernanke has denied previous assertions by Lewis about pressure .
A spokeswoman for former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson has said Paulson told Lewis there was no need to terminate the deal .
Chairman Edolphus Towns was joined by the ranking Republican Darrell Issa in agreeing to serve the subpoena on the Federal Reserve .
The lawmakers said the Fed would only allow committee staff to review documents at the Federal Reserve ’s Washington offices , which they did for several days , according to a letter dated June 3 to Fed chairman Ben Bernanke .
“ Following the staff review , we conclude that we will need copies of these documents , ” they wrote .
The Fed has been under intense pressure from Congress to make public more information about its lending programs , during a time when it has taken an unprecedented role in bailing out financial firms and other companies .
A Fed spokeswoman said the bank was concerned that documents sought by the committee contained information that financial institutions supply regulators on the condition they maintain confidentiality .
Faced with the subpoena , the Fed will now hand over the documents , the spokeswoman said .
Among the documents sought are handwritten notes from a December 19 meeting between Bernanke , Bank of America chief executive Ken Lewis and others .
Lewis has said the government pressured him to pursue the deal and to withhold information about losses at Merrill from investors , but regulators have disputed this characterization .
Bernanke in May resolutely refuted that claim .
“ I absolutely did not in any way ask Mr Lewis to obscure any disclosures or to fail to report information that should be reported , ” he told a congressional committee last month .
The lawmakers had previously asked Ben Bernanke to turn over dozens of documents related to the merger on March 30 and April 23 .
In order to read or download Some People Are Gay Get Over
It ebook , you need to create a FREE account .
eBook includes PDF , ePub and Kindle version
Zak and I agree on almost everything .
We both love music , we both like bright colors , we both adore movies –the good , the bad and the ugly , we are both science fiction and fantasy geeks , we love dressing up in Renaissance Faire gear , we both like absinthe and we both love cats .
There are some notable disagreements between us .
Zak does n’t really love dogs , while I do .
I really cannot geek out on guitar amplifiers like Zak can .
( My eyes glaze over and everything turns into the sounds adults make in Peanuts TV specials . )
And Zak does n’t really like chili .
Whoa .
How can that be ?
I thought everyone loved chili .
I mean , I love chili , and the truth is , I like any redaction of chili so long as it is good .
( Sorry , Cincinnati chili neither counts as chili or good in my book –just so you know . )
Vegetarian 5 bean chili is great .
So is a bowl of traditional Texas Red with no beans as is right and proper .
The plain old midwestern hamburger and kidney bean chili with cumin that I grew up eating with saltine crackers crumbled in it is great .
I love them all , so long as they are flavorful and well - made .
Chili is a comfort food to me–it was always on the stove on the first cold day of the year , and it was my favorite dinner from the time I was in elementary school through college .
It is still one thing that I love that my Mom makes .
It is great stuff .
And it was one of the few things the school cafeterias did not screw up , so it was a favored meal at school–and not just by me .
We all loved chili day –though oddly , back in the day , we always got cinnamon rolls with chili .
It was peculiar , but it tasted great and the cafeteria ladies never messed either one of them up .
I just loves me a bowl of chili , and that is all there is to it .
Zak does not share my love for chili .
In fact , for years , he swore he liked no chili , until I made Pork and White Bean Chili and commenced to serve it with fresh Navajo Fry Bread on the side .
Then , he was converted , though to be fair , he treats the chili as more of a condiment that the bread is dipped into than the main part of the meal .
But that ’s okay , because he ’s eating it , and everyone else around likes it and it is all good .
Now , about this recipe–there are no tomatoes in it , and the beans I use are great northern beans .
You can start off with your beans from scratch , and I have done that , but it tastes just fine and dandy made with canned beans .
What it has instead of tomatoes is tomatillos , both fresh and in the form of green salsa .
( When I use my home - canned green salsa it rocks , but I have made it using jarred salsa for the store and it turns out just about as tasty .
I had to do that today , because I used my last jar of the home made stuff a month ago . )
It also has fire - roasted New Mexico Green Chilies , which you obtain in one of three ways : you can make them yourself , you can buy them canned or you can buy them frozen .
What I did was use canned this time , but in the past I have used ones that I roasted myself and froze .
However , I used the last bit of those three months ago .
The chili was still great .
As for the pork , this time around , it had three types of pork in it : bacon and the fat rendered from it , cubed pork shoulder and a pound of home made Mexican - style chorizo sausage .
You could leave one or two of these versions of pig out of this chili , but it would n’t be the same .
And no–a vegetarian version would n’t be right , so I am not even going to go there .
This is a meat - eater ’s chili .
Not that there is anything wrong with great vegetarian chili–I love it–it is just that this is a meaty dish and is meant to be so .
You can garnish this chili with any number of goodies .
I like to put out at least sour cream , the bacon , grated sharp cheddar cheese , roughly chopped cilantro leaves , sliced scallions , but you could add all sorts of goodies to the condiment bar .
Like , say , fresh jalapeno slices .
Or , diced raw red onion .
Or diced avocado .
But no matter what tasty and delicious things you put on the table to go on top of your chili , do try to make the fry bread to go with it at least once .
It really is splendid with this chili–no matter whether you think of the bread or the chili as the main part of the meal .
This is similar to a traditional dish from New Mexico , called Pork and Green Chili Stew , but it is n’t the same , nor is it meant to be .
Yeah , when I came up with it , the real traditional recipe for the stew was in the back of my head , but I was n’t trying to replicate that southwestern classic .
I was just trying to come up with a bowl of chili that both Zak and I could agree upon having for supper .
And I finally succeeded .
His empty bowl from tonight testifies to that .
Pork and White Bean Chili
Ingredients :
1/2 pound good smoked bacon , cut into 1 ″ wide pieces
3 tablespoons olive oil
4 cups thinly sliced onions
1 pound bulk ( not in a casing ) Mexican chorizo
2 pounds pork shoulder , trimmed of excess fat and cut into 1 ″ cubes
1/2 cup lager beer
2 heads fresh garlic , peeled and minced
1 1/2 tablespoons ground cumin
1/4 cup diced fire - roasted New Mexico green chilies
1 tablespoon ground coriander seed
2 tablespoons Aleppo pepper or other mild chili flakes
2 1/2 cups green salsa
5 14 ounce cans great northern beans , undrained
1 1/2 cups frozen corn kernels
salt to taste
1 1/.2 pounds fresh tomatillos , husks removed , cored and cut into quarters
roughly chopped cilantro leaves for garnish
thinly sliced scallions for garnish
shredded extra sharp cheddar cheese for garnish ( I used Cabot ’s )
sour cream for garnish ( If you ca n’t get locally made sour cream , try Organic Valley .
Theirs tastes–oh , it is the best .
I could just spoon it out of the carton and eat it , it tastes so good and has such a velvety smooth texture .
Great stuff . )
Method :
Heat a heavy - bottomed pot on medium heat .
Add the bacon and fry until it is done but still a little chewy .
Remove it from the pot and set it aside , leaving the bacon grease behind in the pot .
Add the olive oil to the pot and throw in the onions .
Cook , stirring , until the onions are a medium reddish brown .
Add the chorizo , and with chopping motions of your wooden spoon , brown it along with the onions .
( If you ca n’t get bulk chorizo , then use the stuff in casings–just squeeze it out from the casing before browning it . )
When the sausage is cooked , add in the pork shoulder and cook , stirring until it is brown all over .
About halfway through the process –when the pork shoulder is half browned and half pink , add in the garlic , the chilies , the cumin and coriander , and the chili flakes and keep stirring until the meat is browned all the way .
Then , deglaze the bottom of the pot with the beer and allow the alcohol to boil off .
Add in the salsa , the beans with their juice , and the corn and turn the heat down to low .
Simmer for about two and a half hours , or until the pork shoulder is fork tender , meaning a fork goes into and out of it easily .
Add the fresh tomatillos and salt to taste .
The chili is done when the tomatillos are tender , but are still holding together –you do n’t want them to cook so much they fall apart .
Garnish as you like and serve it forth–this will easily feed eight to nine hungry adults and a couple of kids .
RSS feed for comments on this post .
Sorry , the comment form is closed at this time .
Actually that iz a commun miskoncepsun .
Teh basement gets quite chilly at nights .
My mum made this fors meh while iz out harvesting souls .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Histoire de la typographie
La naissance de la typographie
Beaucoup croient que le père de la typographie serait Johannes Gensfleisch , alias Gutenberg .
Ils se trompent à la fois d’époque et de continent .
Si , par typographie , on entend « l’ensemble des techniques et des procédés permettant de reproduire des textes par l’impression d’un assemblage de caractères en relief » , alors la discipline naquit en Chine au milieu du xie siècle .
C’est un certain Bi Sheng ( 畢昇 ) , roturier de son état , qui créa entre 1041 et 1048 ( quatre cents ans avant que l ’idée ne germe dans l’esprit de Gutenberg ) une technique utilisant des caractères mobiles1 gravés dans de l’argile durcie par le feu .
Au début du xive siècle , soit deux cent cinquante ans après l’invention de Bi Sheng , le procédé fut amélioré et les pièces d’argile remplacées par des éléments en bois , beaucoup moins fragiles .
Toutefois , l’usage de caractères métalliques daterait déjà du xiiie siècle .
Un savant coréen du nom de Chae Yun - ui ( 채윤의 ) aurait alors inventé un procédé utilisant des pièces de bronze .
La Corée était alors réputée pour sa grande maîtrise de la fonte de ce métal , notamment pour la confection de pièces de monnaie , de cloches et de statues .
La typographie en Occident
Gutenber g2 vit le jour à Mayence ( Mainz ) , cité du Saint Empire romain germanique , aux environs de 1400 .
Il apprit le métier d’orfèvre à Strasbourg et retourna à Mayence au milieu du xve siècle .
Aux environs de 1440 , il mit au point une technique d’impression employant des caractères mobiles en plomb .
Ce fut la naissance de l’imprimerie occidentale moderne .
La méthode de Gutenberg aura pour principal avantage de réduire considérablement les coûts et la vitesse de production des ouvrages , permettant ainsi une plus grande diffusion du savoir .
Le passage du plomb à l’informatique
Depuis Gutenberg et l’avènement de la typographie en Europe , le monde de l’imprimerie ne cessa d’évoluer pour répondre à deux besoins allant de pair : une rapidité de production croissante et une quantité toujours plus grande d’imprimés .
Une technique , qui vit le jour dans les années 1950 , allait précéder l’apparition des technologies numériques : la photocomposition .
À la fin de la Seconde Guerre mondiale , les polices de caractères furent redessinées pour s’adapter à un procédé photographique d’impression .
Cette technique compose les caractères en les « flashant3 » , c’est - à- dire qu’un faisceau de lumière est projeté à travers la fen être d’un caractère découpé dans un disque métallique .
Le résultat est ensuite développé et imprimé .
La photocomposition , généralisée dans les années 1960 , s’adapta — et s’accommoda — de l’apparition , dans les années 1970 , d’ordinateurs de taille raisonnable .
En 1984 , les premiers Macintosh4 virent le jour sur le marché , favorisant une nouvelle technologie typographique : la publication assistée par ordinateur ( PAO ) .
Le flashage ayant lui aussi évolué , il devint possible pour des PME ou des indépendants de reporter des textes sur du papier photosensible puis sur des films destinés au développement .
L’offset
Les techniques typographiques ne changèrent que peu entre l’époque de Gutenberg et le xxe siècle , c’est - à- dire jusqu’à ce qu’apparaissent la xérographie5 , la ronéotypie6 , la télécopie et l’impression par le biais de petites imprimantes personnelles reliées à des ordinateurs .
La grande révolution du xxe siècle fut l’avènement de l’impression offset ( une évolution de la lithographie ) , laquelle fit quasiment disparaître sa sœur aînée .
L’impression offset emploie des plaques principalement métalliques possédant deux types de surfaces : une surface — dite « imprimante » — recueillant l’encre grasse et repoussant l’eau , et une surface hydrophile qui repousse l’encre .
Posées sur un rouleau rotatif , la plaque dépose l’encre sur un blanchet , c’est - à- dire un autre rouleau en matière caoutchouteuse qui améliore le transfert de l’encre sur le papier .
Précis et économique , l’offset est aujourd ’hui la principale technique d’impression employée dans le monde .
The Pentagon denies the story .
Scott Horton says it 's true ( read his whole post ) :
These descriptions come on the heals of a British report yesterday about the photographs that contained some of these revelationsand whose credibility was questioned by the Pentagon .
The Daily Beast has obtained specific corroboration of the British account , which appeared in the London Daily Telegraph , from several reliable sources , including a highly credible senior military officer with first - hand knowledge who provided even more detail about the graphic photographs that have been withheld from the public by the Obama administration .
Childrens Wardrobe
I found this is one of Dad 's sheds .
He was using it for odds and ends , some tools and things .
He was more than pleased to see it restored for his grand daughter .
This is it in its original glory .
A nice shade of yellow .
Large door knobs .
Dirt and mold .
Loose panels .
Rotten feet .
Broken draws .
First I removed the old paint .
I used a heat gun and stripped it off with a paint scraper .
This was very effective .
Took a while to get to optimal heat and sometimes got too hot and melted the paint before I could get it off .
When it did work , great strips of paint were lifted in one easy move .
Next I removed the rotten feet .
I affixed all loose panels with small nails , this provided the wardrobe with greater rigidity .
I mended the three draws so they fitted and slid in and out smoothly .
I used wood putty on various gaps and gouges .
I did it three times over with an electric sander .
Each time with a lower grade sand paper till we had a nice smooth surface .
Next was making some new feet .
I got some skirting boards from my grandfathers place .
My parents were doing some renovations and had discarded these .
I cut them to size and affixed them to the existing supports with wooden dowels .
Where the boards joined was nailed .
Finally painting .
We got some old paint we had and gave it two coats .
Here you can see the three drawers , shelves and hanging space .
It only comes to about 1 and 1 / 2 metres , it is very endearing .
Door clasps were from the original , cleaned up a bit .
I bought it shiny new handles .
I also cut my daughter 's name out in wooden letters .
My wife painted them to sit on top of the cupboard .
So all up I would think this cost us $ 30 .
For sand paper , handles , nails etc .
My dad gave it to me and some other parts but originally it cost them $ 45 second hand .
We are very happy .
Much better than some souless furniture from a factory .
Comments
No comments yet for this blog , be the first , submit your comment below .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Note to Californians :
Get ready for larger class sizes , fewer police patrolling the streets and more public offices shuttered on weekdays .
State officials are now scrambling to close a $ 21.3 billion fiscal shortfall , a gap that grew by $ 6 billion overnight after residents voted down five budget propositions Tuesday .
The state must make " severe cuts now , " Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said Wednesday .
He and state legislative leaders will have to hammer out a budget deal before the fiscal year ends on June 30 .
The gap covers the rest of this fiscal year and the next .
" There will be around $ 5.3 billion in additional cuts in education , there will be severe cuts in health care , which is another area where you know we spend a lot of money , and then of course you have to go and look in other areas like prisons , " said the governor , who was in Washington , D.C. , meeting with the Obama administration .
While most states are facing cash crunches as the economy weakens , California 's problems are larger than most .
Only three months ago , state officials agreed on a budget deal that closed a $ 40 billion gap by cutting $ 15.8 billion in spending , temporarily raising the state sales tax by a penny , borrowing $ 5.4 billion and using nearly $ 8 billion in federal stimulus funds .
The state has also suffered mightily in the economic downturn .
Its unemployment rate hit 11.2 % in March , fourth highest in the nation , while its median home price dropped 54 % over the past two years , according to the California Budget Project .
Meanwhile , revenues are running $ 2.1 billion below estimates , according to the state controller .
Back at the budget table
Now they are back at the table , facing another massive shortfall .
And unless the budget problems are addressed , the nation 's most populous state wo n't have enough money to pay many of its bills on time in the coming fiscal year , the California Legislative Analyst 's Office said earlier this month .
The state controller already had to delay $ 3 billion in payments in February because of a lack of cash .
California 's options are more limited than most .
Leaders are constrained by having the nation 's lowest state bond rating , which makes borrowing more expensive , and by a multitude of voter - approved propositions that dictate their spending .
" They are not flush with choices , " said Jerry Nickelsburg , senior economist with the UCLA Anderson Forecast .
Officials will look to education , health care and prisons because " they are about the only places you can find the money . "
The defeated proposals would have allowed the state to divert money earmarked for early childhood education and mental health programs into the general fund and to borrow funds from the state lottery .
Even if these measures had passed , Schwarzenegger said he still needed to cut $ 3 billion from education spending , reduce funding for the state 's Health and Human Services department , reduce the state workforce by 5,000 people and obtain $ 6 billion through short term borrowing to close a $ 15.4 billion gap .
Last week , the governor said that if the propositions are defeated , he'd be forced to cut another $ 2.3 billion from the education budget , eliminate funding for substance abuse treatment , crime prevention , HIV education and prevention and outreach efforts by the state public college systems .
He would also have to borrow $ 2 billion from local governments , forcing them to cut back their spending on law enforcement and other services .
California residents will likely see teachers laid off and a shorter school year , said Daniel J.B. Mitchell , professor of management and public policy at the University of California at Los Angeles .
Already , the Los Angeles court system announced it will be closed one day a month to conserve funds .
" There 's no end to the things you can cut , " Mitchell said .
State officials are also looking to Washington , D.C. , for additional help .
Treasurer Bill Lockyer last week sent a letter to Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner , renewing his call for the federal government to backstop the state 's debt .
This will help lower California 's borrowing costs , freeing up more money for services .
" It 's critical , " said Jean Ross , executive director of the California Budget Project .
" Otherwise , you end up with California cutting deeper or taxing more . "
( CNN ) --
Husbands are allowed to slap their wives if they spend lavishly , a Saudi judge said recently during a seminar on domestic violence , Saudi media reported Sunday .
It is OK to slap Saudi women who spend too much , a judge has told an audience .
Arab News , a Saudi English - language daily newspaper based in Riyadh , reported that Judge Hamad Al - Razine said that " if a person gives SR 1,200 [ $ 320 ] to his wife and she spends 900 riyals [ $ 240 ] to purchase an abaya [ the black cover that women in Saudi Arabia must wear ] from a brand shop and if her husband slaps her on the face as a reaction to her action , she deserves that punishment . "
Women in the audience immediately and loudly protested Al - Razine 's statement , and were shocked to learn the remarks came from a judge , the newspaper reported .
Arab News reported that Al - Razine made his remark as he was attempting to explain why incidents of domestic violence had increased in Saudi Arabia .
He said that women and men shared responsibility , but added that " nobody puts even a fraction of blame " on women , the newspaper said .
Al - Razine " also pointed out that women 's indecent behavior and use of offensive words against their husbands were some of the reasons for domestic violence in the country , " it added .
Domestic violence , which used to be a taboo subject in the conservative kingdom , has become a hot topic in recent years .
Groups like the National Family Safety Program have campaigned to educate the public about the problem and help prevent domestic abuse .
Saudi women 's rights activist Wajeha Al - Huwaider told CNN that Saudi women routinely face such attitudes .
" This is how men in Saudi Arabia see women , " she said in a telephone interview from the Saudi city of Dahran .
" It 's not something they read in a book or learned from a friend .
They 've been raised to see women this way , that they 're less than a person . "
Al - Huwaider added that " I 'm not surprised to see a judge or a religious man saying that - they 've been raised in the same culture - a culture that tells them it's ok to raise your hand to a woman that this works . "
Another Saudi judge , in the city of Onaiza , was the source of a separate recent controversy : he twice denied a request from the mother of an 8 - year - old girl that the girl be granted a divorce from her 47 - year - old husband .
Last month , after human - groups condemned the union , the girl was granted the divorce .
All About Saudi Arabia
By Chris Vallance
BBC Radio 4 iPM programme
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Computer security veteran Phil Zimmermann warns about the seductive nature of technology .
The UK is risking sliding unwittingly into a police state because of the growing use of surveillance technology , says security guru Phil Zimmermann .
" When you live in that society and it changes incrementally over time you are less likely to notice the changes , " he told the BBC .
" But if you come from outside the picture as it stands is more abruptly visible as something wrong . "
Mr Zimmermann has spent his career in technology wrestling with privacy and security issues .
He created PGP ( Pretty Good Privacy ) which encrypted e-mail to protect it from prying eyes .
Friction free
For him , the wholesale use of surveillance systems has gone too far in the UK .
The coupling of CCTV cameras with face - recognition algorithms that can track people through crowds , read registration plates and fuse all the sources of data was , dangerous , said Mr Zimmermann .
" It adds up to something that I think is able to undermine democratic institutions , " he said .
For Mr Zimmermann what is creating the problem is the " seductiveness " of modern computer technology .
CCTV systems work with face recognition systems to track individuals " As the years have gone by governments have sort of indulged themselves in the seductions of surveillance technology , " he said .
" Advances in surveillance technology made it possible to collect vast amounts of data , to reduce the data by computer analysis and become more aware of everything . "
Advances have removed the " friction " that , in the real world act as a balance to excess , said Mr Zimmermann .
For instance , he said , the reason that the postal system is not swamped with junk mail like e-mail systems is because sending direct mail costs money .
" In e-mail it costs nothing and so that makes the friction disappear and because of that we get thousands of junk e-mails a day , " he said .
" By analogy , if it takes some work , some elbow grease , to investigate people then I think you get a reasonable balance of civil liberties , " he said .
The danger , he said , came when technology removed that friction and made it possible to get at huge amounts of data about people and analyse it to get a picture of what everyone is doing .
" It becomes possible to know everything about everyone all the time , " he said .
" It becomes possible to become omniscient . "
Police power
It was " absurd " to suggest , said Mr Zimmermann , that only criminals or people who had something to hide would be threatened by such a state of affairs .
" Everyone has something to hide , " he said .
" We have our medical records , our private lives , our intimate selves , our financial lives .
Things about our lives we do not want others to know .
And this can be abused . "
He added : " The power of the incumbency becomes amplified when it has access to enormous surveillance resources . "
Spam is rampant because it is " friction free " said Mr Zimmerman
While technology could help people defend themselves against some intrusions into privacy , such as using encryption to scramble the content of e-mail messages , it could not defend against the wholesale use of surveillance systems in public .
" I ca n't encrypt your face , " he said .
" We live our physical lives in the physical world and that 's not really subject to encryption . "
Mr Zimmermann did not deplore all use of surveillance systems by government and police .
In some cases , he said , this was appropriate given that many criminals were using technology too .
But , he warned , that did not excuse the extent to which it was starting to be used .
" These technologies tend to over - amplify the capabilities so that you can become extremely efficient in knowing everything , " he said .
" You can overshoot the mark as you attempt to catch up with the criminals and become aware of what everyone is doing all the time .
" I think that is harmful to society , " he said .
" If you create a system where the police have too easy a job there 's a threshold where if it becomes too easy it can slide into a police state , " warned Mr Zimmermann .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tags
" The Congressman 's son may have heard his father at the dinner table , but he was n't listening . "
When a junior high investment club wrote in to CNBC's Squawk Box to ask legendary investor Warren Buffett what he thought the price of gold would be in five years and whether the yellow metal should be a part of value investing , the Oracle of Omaha responded
I have no views as to where it will be , but the one thing I can tell you is it wo n't do anything between now and then except look at you .
Whereas , you know , Coca - Cola will be making money , and I think Wells Fargo will be making a lot of money and there will be a lot — and it's a lot — it 's a lot better to have a goose that keeps laying eggs than a goose that just sits there and eats insurance and storage and a few things like that .
The idea of digging something up out of the ground , you know , in South Africa or someplace and then transporting it to the United States and putting into the ground , you know , in the Federal Reserve of New York , does not strike me as a terrific asset .
Obviously the junior high kids have been educated that inflation is coming down the pike given the massive monetary stimulus that the Federal Reserve is engineering .
So it 's perfectly reasonable that they would pose their question to the world 's greatest investor .
But Buffett does n't understand that gold is the people 's money .
The yellow metal has been the free market 's currency for centuries .
As Murray Rothbard explained , the necessary qualities for money are that it be generally marketable ( nonmonetary value ) , divisible , have high value per unit weight , fairly stable value , durable , recognizable , and homogenous .
Gold satisfies all of these criteria .
Shares of Coca - Cola and Wells Fargo do n't even come close .
The famous currency crank John Law held the same view as Buffett in the early 1700s .
In Law 's view the shares of the East India Company were better money than silver because the shares would rise in value along with inflation , as opposed to silver specie that would decline in value as more was discovered and produced .
In Law 's mistaken view the capital of the East India Company was employed in productive activities , which would provide inflation protection .
Law wanted his monetary system to be tied to productive assets , just as Buffett believes the productive assets of a soft drink maker and a bank will provide better protection than precious and scarce metals .
Law was given a chance to test his theory in 1716 when one of Law 's partying friends , the Duke of Orléans , assumed control of the French government after Louis XIV died .
Law's Royal Bank created vast amounts of paper currency , and his Mississippi Company share prices took off , which led Law to issue more shares , using the capital to refinance more of the government 's debt .
Ultimately , the scheme unraveled and the French people sold their shares and sought the safety of gold and silver , leading Law to outlaw precious metal possession except by goldsmiths and jewelers , effectively demonetizing the metals so that only Royal banknotes and Mississippi Company shares would circulate as money .
An outraged French public ultimately forced the regent to place the once revered Law under house arrest .
Early during the same CNBC program a viewer asked Buffett if he believed what his father Congressman Howard Buffett believed , which was this : " So far as I can discover , paper money systems [ like John Law's ] have always wound up with collapse and economic chaos . "
" Sounds like my dad , yeah , " Buffett replied , " I heard that every night at the dinner table for a long time . "
The Oracle admits that the printing of paper money is inflationary , but being a consistent proponent of expanding government , he constantly dismisses gold and proposals to return America to a gold standard .
His father Howard understood the evils of unchecked government money printing .
" The paper money disease has been a pleasant habit thus far and will not be dropped voluntarily any more than a dope user will without a struggle give up narcotics , " Congressman Buffett wrote .
" But in each case the end of the road is not a desirable prospect . "
The Congressman 's son may have heard his father at the dinner table , but he was n't listening .
When asked if everything will turn out alright , Buffett said , " I think your kids will live better than mine , your grand children will live better than your kids .
There 's no question about that . "
No question ?
" But we can be approaching the critical stage , " the elder Buffett wrote back in 1948 .
When that day arrives , our political rulers will probably find that foreign war and ruthless regimentation is the cunning alternative to domestic strife .
That was the way out for the paper - money economy of Hitler and others .
The current monetary inflation will end as badly as Law's , and shares of Coca - Cola and Wells Fargo will be no place to hide .
Kids , start hiding some gold — carefully .
Categories Categories Select Category Acadian culture ( 23 ) Accessibility ( 21 ) Advertising ( 41 ) Americans with Disabilities Act ( 116 ) Android ( 88 ) Apple ( 151 ) Apple Watch ( 9 ) Blues ( 103 ) Bob Dylan ( 419 ) Books and Lit ( 62 ) Business ( 221 ) Canada ( 507 ) Celebrity ( 42 ) Cellphone ( 104 ) Charlottetown ( 65 ) Civil Rights ( 249 ) Computers ( 452 ) Consumer ( 66 ) Country Music ( 91 ) Crime ( 83 ) Digital audio recording ( 41 ) Disability Alert ( 276 ) Disability Supports ( 186 ) Education ( 89 ) Employment ( 52 ) Entertainment ( 666 ) Environment ( 49 ) EU ( 28 ) Euthanasia ( 3 ) Exercise ( 3 ) Facebook ( 42 ) Faith and Belief ( 58 ) Federal Government ( 137 ) Folk music ( 183 ) Free press ( 50 ) Free speech ( 69 ) French language rights ( 23 ) Gear ( 70 ) Google ( 45 ) Government of PEI ( 223 ) Guitars ( 94 ) Health care ( 116 ) Holidays ( 12 ) Home Recording ( 54 ) Human Rights ( 777 ) Human Sexuality ( 9 ) Humour ( 97 ) Internet ( 207 ) iPad ( 106 ) iPhone ( 120 ) Journalism ( 31 ) Latin America ( 47 ) Law ( 48 ) Lifestyles ( 85 ) Live entertainment ( 95 ) Made For Apple Hearing Aids ( 3 ) Media ( 166 ) Media biz ( 52 ) Microsoft ( 371 ) Middle East ( 34 ) Mobile ( 269 ) Movies ( 84 ) Music ( 959 ) Music business ( 102 ) Music Gear ( 41 ) Music Resources ( 116 ) My cousin Steve Pate ( 24 ) Natural science ( 41 ) New Brunswick ( 29 ) News ( 185 ) Newspapers ( 71 ) NJN ( 3,773 ) NJN Deals ( 26 ) NJN Network ™ ( 50 ) Nokia Lumia ( 67 ) Noted on passing ( 37 ) Nova Scotia ( 59 ) Ontario ( 41 ) Parody ( 4 ) PEI ( 635 ) People ( 36 ) People with disabilities ( 52 ) Photography ( 198 ) Politics ( 122 ) Post Polio ( 2 ) Poverty ( 81 ) Prince Edward Island ( 524 ) R&B Hip Hop ( 2 ) Racism ( 34 ) Recession ( 37 ) Rock and Roll ( 472 ) Roots Music ( 36 ) Satire ( 23 ) Seniors ( 73 ) sexual harassment ( 1 ) Smartphone ( 130 ) Social Media ( 56 ) Social Programs ( 197 ) Space Exploration ( 82 ) Sports ( 84 ) Surface ( 62 ) Tablet ( 72 ) Technology ( 565 ) The Beatles ( 52 ) Tourism ( 38 ) TV ( 102 ) UK ( 52 ) USA ( 407 ) video ( 283 ) Wheelchair ( 7 ) Windows 10 ( 40 ) Windows 8 ( 148 ) Windows 8.1 ( 82 ) Windows Phone 8 ( 65 ) Windows Phone 8.1 ( 35 ) World ( 86 ) YouTube ( 220 )
Archives Archives Select Month April 2020 ( 1 ) January 2020 ( 3 ) December 2019 ( 1 ) September 2019 ( 1 ) May 2019 ( 1 ) February 2019 ( 1 ) December 2018 ( 1 ) November 2018 ( 4 ) October 2018 ( 1 ) September 2018 ( 6 ) April 2018 ( 1 ) February 2018 ( 1 ) December 2017 ( 1 ) November 2017 ( 3 ) October 2017 ( 4 ) September 2017 ( 1 ) August 2017 ( 1 ) June 2017 ( 9 ) May 2017 ( 6 ) April 2017 ( 16 ) March 2017 ( 9 ) February 2017 ( 2 ) December 2016 ( 3 ) November 2016 ( 11 ) October 2016 ( 8 ) September 2016 ( 7 ) August 2016 ( 4 ) July 2016 ( 3 ) June 2016 ( 3 ) May 2016 ( 4 ) April 2016 ( 9 ) March 2016 ( 2 ) February 2016 ( 2 ) January 2016 ( 2 ) December 2015 ( 13 ) November 2015 ( 15 ) October 2015 ( 6 ) September 2015 ( 10 ) August 2015 ( 5 ) July 2015 ( 4 ) May 2015 ( 6 ) April 2015 ( 19 ) March 2015 ( 48 ) February 2015 ( 52 ) January 2015 ( 24 ) December 2014 ( 57 ) November 2014 ( 38 ) October 2014 ( 25 ) September 2014 ( 21 ) August 2014 ( 17 ) July 2014 ( 29 ) June 2014 ( 15 ) May 2014 ( 8 ) April 2014 ( 21 ) March 2014 ( 20 ) February 2014 ( 24 ) January 2014 ( 30 ) December 2013 ( 28 ) November 2013 ( 36 ) October 2013 ( 48 ) September 2013 ( 4 ) August 2013 ( 18 ) July 2013 ( 19 ) June 2013 ( 6 ) May 2013 ( 14 ) April 2013 ( 18 ) March 2013 ( 12 ) February 2013 ( 11 ) January 2013 ( 25 ) December 2012 ( 35 ) November 2012 ( 28 ) October 2012 ( 28 ) September 2012 ( 11 ) August 2012 ( 18 ) July 2012 ( 33 ) June 2012 ( 36 ) May 2012 ( 20 ) April 2012 ( 30 ) March 2012 ( 37 ) February 2012 ( 36 ) January 2012 ( 18 ) December 2011 ( 10 ) November 2011 ( 26 ) October 2011 ( 41 ) September 2011 ( 18 ) August 2011 ( 5 ) July 2011 ( 8 ) June 2011 ( 9 ) May 2011 ( 21 ) April 2011 ( 24 ) March 2011 ( 22 ) February 2011 ( 32 ) January 2011 ( 45 ) December 2010 ( 44 ) November 2010 ( 45 ) October 2010 ( 47 ) September 2010 ( 68 ) August 2010 ( 66 ) July 2010 ( 80 ) June 2010 ( 100 ) May 2010 ( 58 ) April 2010 ( 47 ) March 2010 ( 106 ) February 2010 ( 127 ) January 2010 ( 147 ) December 2009 ( 126 ) November 2009 ( 106 ) October 2009 ( 96 ) September 2009 ( 90 ) August 2009 ( 57 ) July 2009 ( 89 ) June 2009 ( 148 ) May 2009 ( 110 ) April 2009 ( 158 ) March 2009 ( 124 ) February 2009 ( 44 ) January 2009 ( 107 ) December 2008 ( 36 ) November 2008 ( 12 ) October 2008 ( 22 ) September 2008 ( 30 ) August 2008 ( 23 ) July 2008 ( 27 ) June 2008 ( 18 ) May 2008 ( 16 ) April 2008 ( 33 ) March 2008 ( 29 ) February 2008 ( 19 ) January 2008 ( 20 ) December 2007 ( 20 ) November 2007 ( 9 ) October 2007 ( 11 ) September 2007 ( 2 ) August 2007 ( 5 ) July 2007 ( 32 ) June 2007 ( 24 ) May 2007 ( 32 ) April 2007 ( 35 ) March 2007 ( 25 ) February 2007 ( 33 ) January 2007 ( 41 ) December 2006 ( 17 ) August 2006 ( 3 ) September 2005 ( 1 ) June 2005 ( 3 )
What ’s Your Source for That ?
Created : June 24 , 2009 09:43 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
There ’s something jarring about this new ad from Rep. Todd Tiahrt ( R - Kans . ) , who ’s running for the U.S. Senate .
WordPress.com is n’t a news site .
It ’s the launch page for WordPress blogging software .
And while it ’s possible that some blog used the phrase “ Obama loses 2.19 million jobs ” in the last month , a search for that phrase on WordPress blogs and via Google comes up empty .
This sort of stuff is a bipartisan problem ; Terry McAuliffe inverted the meaning of a quote in his final ad during his failed bid for governor of Virginia .
It ’s not a huge deal , but it ’s strange .
–
* You can follow TWI on Twitter and Facebook . *
Why apples , avocados and a glass of red wine could ease your arthritis
Arthritis is the term used for nearly 200 painful conditions of the joints and bones .
It affects about 7 million people in the UK and all types have similar symptoms of swelling , inflammation of joints , stiffness and restriction of movement .
Many of us take our joints for granted until they start playing up , by which time significant damage may already have occurred .
But the sooner you start looking after your joints , the better .
The good news is that many cases of arthritis can be relieved , postponed or even prevented by good joint care .
Oil those joints :
An X - ray of arthritic hands - showing painful rheumatoid arthritis
Research shows a definite link between the food you eat and the severity of your symptoms .
Like your heart , your joints thrive best on plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables .
Try to eat at least five ( and preferably eight or more ) servings a day .
Fruit and vegetables provide an array of antioxidants that reduce the rate at which cartilage breaks down , helping to slow the process of osteoarthritis .
Antioxidants can also reduce inflammation and help combat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis and gout .
Apples and avocados are anti-inflammatory superfoods .
Do n't peel your apples - the skin contains five times more antioxidants than the flesh .
Oily fish are a rich source of omega - 3 essential fatty acids that oil the joints and damp down inflammation .
Research shows that omega - 3 can reduce the long - term need for painkillers in those with joint problems .
You should aim to eat oily fish such as salmon , sardines , herrings and mackerel two to four times a week .
You can also take an omega - 3 fish oil supplement .
Drink plenty of fluids - approximately three to five pints ( two to three litres ) - a day to maintain good hydration and a steady flow of nutrients to your joints .
Choose from water , soups , tea and juices .
You may find your symptoms are triggered by particular foods .
Culprit foods vary , so it 's important to keep a food - and - symptom diary to help pinpoint the foods that irritate .
This is not always easy , as symptoms can worsen up to 36 hours after eating a trigger food .
The foods most commonly found to worsen arthritis are wheat , corn , rye , sugar , caffeine , yeast , malt , dairy products , oranges , grapefruit , lemons and tomatoes .
Meats most likely to provoke symptoms are bacon , pork , beef and lamb .
A number of foods may trigger joint pain in those with arthritis .
Research shows that when these are avoided , about 70 per cent of sufferers report less pain and improved mobility .
Some are particularly sensitive to foods from the nightshade ( Solanaceae ) family .
Commonly eaten nightshade foods include potatoes , tomatoes , aubergine , sweet peppers , paprika , cayenne and all other types of pepper ( except black pepper ) .
Try to minimise your intake of vegetable oils rich in omega - 6 , such as sunflower oil , because these promote inflammation .
Switch to olive oil for cooking , and macadamia nut oil or walnut oil for salad dressings .
Studies have also shown an association between the amount of meat and offal consumed and arthritis .
Eating a vegan ( no animal products ) diet can reduce the number of tender and swollen joints .
Apples and avocados can help counter the onset of arthritis
Weight loss is one of the most effective ways to reduce pain in your knees and hips , whatever form of arthritis you have .
When you walk , the load on your knees increases by four times your body weight .
This means that if you are 10 lb ( 4.5 kg ) overweight , the load on your leg joints is up to 40 lb ( 18kg ) more than if you were at a healthy weight .
And that 's on level ground .
When walking downhill , the compressive force on your knees reaches eight times your body weight , greatly increasing the strain on your joints .
Lose just 1lb ( 0.45 kg ) and there is at least a 4lb ( 1.8 kg ) reduction in the load on your knee joints .
Studies show that weight loss can at least halve the level of pain experienced by those with arthritis affecting their lower limbs - this is a better result than standard drug treatments .
There are a number of therapies you can use to complement the orthodox treatment of arthritis .
These include practitioner - led therapies such as Reiki , osteopathy and chiropractic .
Research suggests they help reduce chronic pain and stress .
In one study , 82 people with osteoarthritis found pain intensity reduced during the six - week period they had weekly Reiki sessions .
Some self - help therapies are also beneficial .
Hydrotherapy ( exercising in water ) and saunas , steam rooms , hot tubs , ice packs and aromatherapy baths can help ease pain .
Therapies such as aromatherapy , meditation and yoga work mainly through relaxation , reducing the strain on muscles , ligaments and joints .
Others , such as acupuncture , reflexology and homeopathy , harness your body 's own natural healing abilities to reduce pain .
• Overcoming Arthritis , by Dr Sarah Brewer , is published by Duncan Baird at £ 12.99 .
To order your copy for £ 12.99 inc p&p , call the Mail on Sunday Bookshop on 0845 155 0730 .
Red wine is good , take care with the chillies
The foods below have a natural anti-inflammatory action that 's particularly beneficial for those with arthritis - however , some ( such as chilli peppers ) may trigger an idiosyncratic reaction in some sufferers .
Apples : Contain anti-inflammatory antioxidants .
Red Delicious apples contain the most .
The antioxidants are five times more concentrated in the apple 's skin than the flesh .
Avocados : Contain antioxidant monounsaturated oils , essential fatty acids and Vitamin E. Promote cartilage repair in osteoarthritis .
Chillies : Contain capsaicin and dihydrocapsaicin which block transmission of pain messages .
They also trigger endorphins - the brain 's own morphine - like painkillers .
Dark green leafy vegetables : Broccoli , spinach , cabbage and parsley , for example , supply antioxidants , Vitamin C , calcium and magnesium .
Macadamia nuts :
The richest source of monounsaturated fatty acids .
Also contain Vitamin E and selenium .
Oily fish : A great source of omega - 3 fatty acids .
Red wine : A good source of antioxidant polyphenols which reduce inflammation .
Walnuts : A rich source of omega - 3 fatty acids .
Some research shows that eating them daily can help alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis .
When you get bumped from an E3 appointment it 's annoying , but when you get bumped because the developer wants to give a demo to Jimmy Fallon ?
You shrug and move on .
Getting a game mentioned on Late Night is a very big deal , and Fallon is notoriously video game happy .
The latest evidence ?
Last night Microsoft's Kudo Tsunoda dropped by the show to demo Project Natal to a very appreciative SNL alum .
Take a look .
Every time the Natal gets a demo , there is always something that screams " not quite ready " about the product .
This time ?
Those bright orange jump suits .
The camera seems to need a bright visual indicator to pick up movement , although admittedly that could have something to do with the lights needed to shoot a live television program
In terms of getting buzz for your product , it does n't get much better than this .
Who Built the World 's First Wind Farm ?
Times change .
People die .
The rest forget .
The past is lost and with it the knowledge we gained at so much cost . [ more ]
Category : Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us , History of Wind Power , News on Wind Energy
Airborne Wind Energy Company Closes Shop , Opens Patents
This week , a 13 - year experiment in harnessing wind power using kites and modified gliders finally closes down for good .
Category : Inventions & Questionable Wind Turbines , Small Wind folder
Material Intensity of Wind Turbines
A question arises whether large wind turbines are more or less materially intensive than small wind turbines .
The answer , as with most things in life , is n't that simple .
[ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind , News on Wind Energy
Greek enviro orgs warn of poorly sited wind farms after pelican deaths Seven environmental organisations in Greece denounced the installation of wind turbines near protected habitats after three pelicans were found dead on Sunday following collision with blades .
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Energy & the Environment
Land - based wind energy cost trends in Germany , Denmark , Ireland , Norway , Sweden and the United States
This resulted in an average levelized cost of energy ( LCOE ) fall of 33 % for new projects to 48 € / MWh at the end of the study period .
Analysis of the components of levelized cost change indicated that ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Let Project Icebreaker break the ice Imagine this : thousands of wind turbines situated in our Great Lakes , out of sight from treasured coastal vistas but close enough to be economically viable .
Technology and site placement mitigate ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Teen found dead in Jeep on wind - farm access road in Cambria County An autopsy Saturday revealed the cause of death to be multiple blunt force trauma to the upper torso , the Tribune - Democrat of Johnstown is reporting .
Category : Accidents & Safety , News on Large Wind
' Recipe for disaster ' :
Heavy fines as US wind farm worker dies helping buried colleague Renewable energy developer RES and two contractors were condemned over the “ heartbreaking and completely preventable ” death of a wind farm worker who died while trying to rescue a colleague after a ...
Category : News on Large Wind , Accidents & Safety
Wind energy : New industry standard for dismantling , disassembly , recycling and recovery A standard for dismantling and recycling of wind turbines presently exists neither in Germany nor in Europe .
This changed on July 17 , 2020 , when the German Institute for Standardization ( DIN ) e.V....
Category : News on Large Wind
Past OSHA inspections reveal health concerns at LM Wind Power The Occupational Safety and Health Administration is looking into how 145 LM Wind Power employees contracted COVID - 19 in March and April .
Category : News on Large Wind , Accidents & Safety
Trump officials address prospects and challenges of California offshore wind development
The state 's central coast presents particular opportunities for offshore wind development , since it is equipped with transmission infrastructure that was built to carry deliveries from the 2,000 MW ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Windkraft im " Dritten Reich " : Der Traum vom Reichskraftturm Hermann Honnef and his dream of giant wind turbines powering Hitler 's Third Reich until the SS quashed his plans .
Auf Deutsch .
Rare photos of Honnef 's vision and key players in the Reich 's program ...
Category : News on Large Wind , History of Wind Power
Wind Engineering with Rosie Budding Youtube channel by Australian Rosemary Barnes dubbed Wind Engineering with Rosie. [ more ]
Category : History of Wind Power , News on Wind Energy
Fifteen people killed in Mexican village linked to windpower dispute
The area – where many residents belong to the Ikoots indigenous group – is coveted for its open , windy coast , and the two sides have been feuding for years .
The conflicts date back to 2012 when a ...
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
Cleveland 's Icebreaker -- Falling Down or Starting Up ?
Or how the Ohio Power Board 's poison pill to stop the first offshore wind farm in Lake Erie could -- and should - - backfire . [ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind
Malta police say they have started Montenegro wind farm investigations
This emerged from a statement issued by the police following a story by Reuters and the Times of Malta , in which Dubai based company 17 Black was revealed to have made a previously undisclosed profit ...
Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety , News on Large Wind
Company Probed by Murdered Maltese Journalist Linked to Montenegro Wind Farm
The offshore company investigated by murdered Maltese journalist Caruana Galizia before her death was linked to a wind farm in Montenegro , Reuters has reported .
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
Wind farms ' turn off times ' could help save Eastern European bat populations
The scientists therefore recommend the widespread introduction of turn - off times during the migration months , which — as the team was able to show in a local wind farm — would massively decrease bat ...
Category : Wind Energy & the Environment , News on Large Wind
Ohio siting board ’s poison pill to kill pioneering Lake Erie wind project shows a state in thrall to major energy interests
When it comes to energy in Ohio , there ’s always a whiff of wrongdoing in the air .
And the smell can almost always be traced to the vicinity of Broad and High streets in Columbus , where various state ...
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Energy & the Environment
Ontario court overturns halt to EDPR wind farm An Ontario appeal court has reinstated EDP Renewables ’ right to build a 100MW wind farm after the government abruptly revoked consent for the project .
Category : News on Large Wind , Ontario FIT
LM Wind employee dies ; uncertain if related to COVID - 19 An LM Wind Power employee has died , but it is unclear if the death is related to the COVID - 19 outbreak at the plant .
In a message sent to employees Wednesday afternoon , the company announced that ...
Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
Michael Moore ’s new movie production , Planet of the Humans -- A critique One fully expects a Moore movie to be in - your - face contentious , provocative , and highly controversial .
That it certainly is , but not in an accurate way , riddled as it is with out - of - date information , ...
Category : Renewable Energy , Wind Energy & the Environment , Fossil Fuels
The Devil Wears a Halo : Ducted Turbine Rises from the Grave Flamboyant ducted wind turbine venture Ogin died a costly death in 2017 , taking with it hundreds of millions in investments .
The debacle tarnished the reputations of Technology Review , Arpa ( DOE's ...[ more ]
Category : FloDesign - Ogin
Sweden erects the first wooden wind turbine tower Swedish engineering and industrial design company Modvion has erected the first wooden wind turbine tower on an island outside Gothenburg , Sweden .
It was a pilot project for the Swedish Wind ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Derelict FloDesign - Ogin Ducted Device Still Standing in Antelope Valley Yep , it 's still there .
Derelict and long abandoned , the FloDesign - Ogin prototype ducted wind turbine is still standing in the Antelope Valley between I - 5 and Lancaster and north of Hwy 138. [ more ]
Category : FloDesign - Ogin
Struggling Distributed Wind Sector Eyes Role in Microgrids Market Cheaper turbine models , possible demand from the growing microgrid market , and an intensifying focus on distributed energy resources in general may all contribute to putting some wind back in the ...
Category : Small Wind folder
New York Attorney General blocks WNY “ wind turbine inventor ” from using investor funds for personal use According to the complaint , Stimm raised more than $ 3.5 million from 435 investors in WNY over the years , utilizing illegal sales and false and misleading statements .
Category : Shrouded & Ducted Wind Turbines
My Feedback on the Film " Planet of the Humans " Neal Livingston called and asked me to watch the film Planet of the Humans and provide some context on the environmental benefits of renewable energy .
Neal 's an award - winning documentary film maker ...[ more ]
Category : News on Solar Energy , Wind Energy & the Environment , Renewable Energy
Environmentalists demand that Michael Moore ’s anti-EV film be retracted On Earth Day , a documentary entitled “ Planet of the Humans ” appeared on Michael Moore ’s YouTube channel .
You might expect a film from the acclaimed rabble - rousing film director , who served as ...
Category : Wind Energy & the Environment , News on Solar Energy , Renewable Energy
Michael Moore ’s dangerous documentary
Anyone interested in saving the planet who watched this poor excuse of a film , would come away thinking solar and wind energy were bad , and electric cars were horrible .
I ’m not kidding .
Category : News on Solar Energy , Wind Energy & the Environment , Renewable Energy , Electric Vehicles
Distributor pulls Michael Moore ’s ( @MMFlint ’s ) # PlanetOfTheHumans due to truthiness & errors Gibbs ’ and Moore ’s truthiness and falsehood - filled product is n’t helpful because they created something that is being leveraged by climate deniers / delayers to attack ( not complete , need to improve , ...
Category : Wind Energy & the Environment , Renewable Energy , News on Solar Energy
Film Review : Forget about PLANET OF THE HUMANS by Jeff Gibbs and Michael Moore Shame on these filmmakers for making a film like this , full of misinformation and disinformation , to intentionally depress audiences , and make them think there are no alternatives .[ more ]
Category : Renewable Energy , Electric Vehicles , Wind Energy & the Environment , News on Solar Energy
More Tests Planned After Wind Turbine Plant Virus Outbreak Health officials and National Guard members plan a second round of large - scale testing in Grand Forks as a result of an earlier coronavirus outbreak associated with a wind turbine blade factory in ...
Category : Wind Energy & the Environment , News on Large Wind
Webinar : Wind Power Markets Around the World ( recording available )
Visit virtually many of the world ’s most important wind markets with us , listen to WWEA partners and take part in interactive discussions with our speakers !
Category : News on Large Wind
CANCELLED DUE to COVID - 19 LOCKDOWN -- 34nd Annual Windmill - Wildflower Hike Planned for Tehachapi May 16 , 2020
The Kern - Kaweah Chapter of the Sierra Club will lead a hike among the wind turbines on the Pacific Crest Trail ( PCT ) at 9:00 am on Saturday May 16 , 2020 near Tehachapi , California . [ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Energy & the Environment
The English Windmill Video by Martyn Taylor Martyn Taylor has made a wonderful video about the development and preservation of the English windmill .
Sales of the video will go to preservation efforts .[ more ]
Category : History of Wind Power , book Reviews , News on Wind Energy
Movie Madness : New Additions to Cultural Icons -- Wallpaper , Quilts , and More A few decades ago a theme -- or meme in today 's parlance -- among wind energy aficionados was movies or TV shows that included scenes of wind turbines .
We dubbed the theme Movie Madness .[ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Energy & the Environment
The Need for and the Value of the World Wind Energy Association The World Wind Energy Association was formed because existing organizations were narrowly focused on the often arcane and specialized needs of the commercial wind industry .
There was no organization ... [ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind , News on Community Power , Essays
RIP Google Makani : Perhaps The Entire Airborne Wind Energy Space Will Finally Disappear Makani was still being touted as the leader in the space for the 2019 Airborne Wind Energy Conference , held in Scotland in August .
And now , it ’s dead .
Alphabet pulled the plug a couple of days ago ....
Category : News on Large Wind , Inventions & Questionable Wind Turbines
Open Letter to German Energy Minister : Community Power is Most Important for the Acceptance of Wind Power For three decades , citizens , e.g. in local energy cooperatives , have been promoting the energy transition , by initiating and installing individual wind turbines and later also larger wind farms ....
Category : News on Community Power , News on Large Wind
Push for wind farms off Central Coast now has Navy ’s support A key gatekeeper with the U.S.
Navy says they are ready to move forward on plans for offshore wind along the Central Coast — particularly efforts to install floating turbines off of Morro Bay .
Category : News on Large Wind
A Dangerous Trend is Challenging the Success of Wind Power Around the Globe : Concentration and Monopolisation
The primary reason , let ’s be clear , has been the global trend towards support schemes which favour large investors ; in particular , auctions have caused such results .
Looking at the frightening ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Santa Barbara County supervisors deny appeals , approve wind energy project
On a 4 - 0 - 1 vote , with 4th District Supervisor Peter Adam absent , the board denied the appeals and granted de novo approval of the project southwest of Lompoc but added a new condition and expanded ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Raptor Center study is a step toward avoiding wind turbine deaths Researchers , including Dr. Julia Ponder , executive director of the Raptor Center , want to learn what frequencies and levels of sound can be heard by the birds , and their reactions to them .
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Energy & the Environment
Driving Electric : If Not Now , When ?
Presentation for the Buena Vista Group of the Kern - Kaweah Chapter of the Sierra Club 1 February 2020 Bakersfield , California .
Check against delivery .
Category : Presentations by Paul Gipe , Electric Vehicles
Why do so many US workers fall to their deaths ?
There were 5,250 fatal work injuries in the US in 2018 , with falls a leading cause of death – and cuts in government oversight may lead to more Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety , Accidents & Safety
Documents Detail Harrowing Attempts to Save Chehalis Man at Wind Project Site
When a trench partially collapsed on a coworker at the Skookumchuck Wind Project outside of Rainier on the morning of Thursday , Jan. 9 , 24 - year - old Chehalis man Jonathan Stringer did n’t hesitate ....
Category : News on Large Wind , Accidents & Safety
A breath of fresh air : How Latvia can increase wind power capacity tenfold by 2030 Latvia has had a system of support for energy production in place for many years , based on compensating investment through a feed - in tariff ( FiT ) .
However , the support has been provided not only to ...
Category : Latvia , News on Large Wind Turbines
Worker Dies , Another Injured After Trench Collapse at Skookumchuck Wind Project Site One person working at the Skookumchuck Wind Project construction site is dead and another is critically injured after a trench collapsed on the two workers Thursday morning .
Category : News on Large Wind , Accidents & Safety , Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
With coal under fire , 2020 could be a big year for wind power in Japan The International Energy Agency said in a report in November that by 2040 , offshore wind power alone has the potential to meet Japan ’s total power demand by over ninefold and the world ’s total ...
Category : News on Large Wind
ROBERT PRICE :
Why wind energy is a multi-faceted disaster , according to Trump America 's foremost scholar on the power - generating prowess of wind turbines has been challenged by a lesser expert from Bakersfield .
That foremost scholar , according to President Trump , is President ...
Category : News on Large Wind Turbines , Wind Energy & the Environment
Taiwan Feed - in tariff raised for small onshore wind farms The Ministry of Economic Affairs ( MOEA ) on Tuesday announced the 2020 feed - in tariff ( FIT ) rates for renewable energy generation , with the rate for onshore wind power facilities with a capacity of 1 ...
Category : News on Large Wind , Taiwan FIT
Bronx wind turbine ’s blades fly off , smashing car and billboard
The turbine started spinning on Dec. 17 , providing power to nearby buildings , according to the Bronx Times .
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
VAWT Topples To Ground In The Bronx , Destroys Billboard And Car A wind turbine collapsed in the Bronx on Monday , setting off a frightening series of events .
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
Beating swords into plowshares or wind turbines & solar panels :
We could have done it Yes , the United States could be generating 100 % of its electricity from renewable energy if we had used the money spent on our ill - advised wars in the Middle East to build wind and solar systems , as ...
Category : Essays , Renewable Energy , News on Wind Energy , News on Solar Energy
Musselroe Wind Farm to deploy bird protecting radar in Australian first trial Tasmania ’s Musselroe Wind Farm will undertake an Australian first trial of new radar technology that the operators hope will help reduce instances of collisions with wedge - tailed eagles .
Category : Wind Energy & the Environment , News on Large Wind
Ireland fined € 5 m plus daily penalty of € 15,000 over landslides at Galway wind farm THE EU ’S COURT of Justice has fined the State € 5 m over its failure to comply with EU legislation that might have prevented landslides linked to the construction of a wind farm in the west of Ireland ...
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Energy & the Environment
Denmark shows the world how to go from black to green in a hurry as temperatures rise
Do n’t believe everything you hear about the green - energy revolution .
It ’s coming , but more slowly than advertised .
Fossil fuels , in absolute terms , are still on the rise because of population and ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Cologne VAWT Update -- Still Not Working and Still Not Removed Thilo Wirth was working in the LVR building the Cologne district of Köln - Deutz and sent me his cell - phone picture of the Clean VerTec wind turbine on the roof .
[ more ]
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines , Rooftop & Urban Wind , Worst Turbine Install in History
Wind generation project southwest of Lompoc approved by Santa Barbara County planners Commissioners approved the Strauss Wind Energy Project that will bring 29 wind turbines mounted to towers more than 260 feet tall and capable of generating 98 megawatts of electricity per year to the ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Gusty growth : Vietnam ’s remarkable wind energy story
The latest feed - in - tariff for onshore projects , introduced last year , stands at 8.5 US cents / kWh , while offshore wind power generators will be paid 9.8 US cents for every kWh of power exported to the ...
Category : Vietnam FIT , News on Large Wind
This article is more than 1 month old Renewable energy : climate crisis ' may have triggered faster wind speeds '
The global climate crisis could lead to more renewable electricity being generated by spurring faster wind speeds for the world ’s growing number of windfarms , according to research .
Category : News on Large Wind
The Big Ban of Wind Energy
One of the reasons is the failed policy of leaving the working feed - in tariff in favor of an experiment with auctions .
Said experiment has failed in a spectacular way .
As a part of my job I follow ...
Category : News on Large Wind , Germany FIT , Wind Energy & the Environment
Wind energy and health court cases found for wind energy Wind energy was found not guilty of health impacts 48 times in 5 countries Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety , News on Large Wind
No , there are n’t 14,000 abandoned wind turbines littered across the United States " It ’s bullshit , " said Paul Gipe , who has published five books on wind energy since 1995 and who has closely studied California ’s wind farms .
( Now the American Wind Energy Association does that . )
Category : News on Large Wind , Debunking Myths about Wind Energy
Study finds way to save bats from ' bad rap ' from wind turbines Preliminary results from a study involving a wind turbine at Heartland Community College in Normal indicate that using software that turns off turbine blades at lower wind speeds can cut bat ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Unfurling The Waste Problem Caused By Wind Energy
While most of a turbine can be recycled or find a second life on another wind farm , researchers estimate the U.S. will have more than 720,000 tons of blade material to dispose of over the next 20 ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Trump firm ' refusing to pay ' legal bill for windfarm case Donald Trump ’s family firm is refusing to accept a legal bill worth tens of thousands of pounds after he lost a lengthy court battle against a windfarm near his Aberdeenshire golf course , according ...
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Energy & the Environment
The Potential for Ducted Wind Turbines in an Urban Environment An MIT student 's defense of urban ducted wind turbines .
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
Incident at Arcosa results in 1 death , 1 injury A fatal , work - related incident this past weekend at Arcosa , a wind tower manufacturing plant in Newton , has resulted in one person dead and another critically injured , the Newton Fire Department ...
Category : News on Large Wind , Accidents & Safety
Casper Regional Landfill begins burying turbine blades
One wind farm in Glenrock and two from the Saratoga area have partnered with the Casper Regional Landfill to dispose of their old wind turbine blades .
More than 900 blades will be brought to the ...
Category : Wind Energy & the Environment , News on Large Wind
Benchmarking Anticipated Wind Project Lifetimes : Results from a Survey of U.S. Wind Industry Professionals
We find that most wind project developers , sponsors and long - term owners have increased project - life assumptions over time , from a typical term of ~ 20 years in the early 2000s to ~ 25 years by the ...
Category : News on Large Wind
We Danes know a lot about wind turbines .
You can learn , too , President Trump .
Good news — neither the president nor anyone else will lose their wealth because of wind energy .
On the contrary .
A green energy system is cheaper , cleaner and safer than most systems dependent on ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Les éoliennes Sogréah - Neyrpic French historian Étienne Rogier examines in depth one of the great wind turbine development programs of the post WWII years .
En francais .
Category : History of Wind Power
Family of man ( 29 ) who died while cutting trees , settles for six figure sum
The family of a 29 - year old man who died while clearing trees for construction of a wind farm has settled various legal actions for a substantial six figure sum .
Category : Accidents & Safety
Mystery surrounds animal deaths on France 's farms Farmers in France are claiming that electromagnetic fields created by wind farms and other electrical installations are leading to low productivity and high rates of mortality .
Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
Wanted to Buy Honeywell Windtronics 6500 Alan Grimsley , Director of Business Development of White Electrical is seeking to buy a Honeywell Windtronics 6500 .
Grimsley wants the device for experimentation .[ more ]
Category : Windtronics
Weird Wind Turbine Designs Vaughn Nelson has pulled together some links to web pages that display either humanity 's incredible ingenuity relative to wind energy , or humanity 's folly , depending upon your point of view . [ more ]
Category : Inventions & Questionable Wind Turbines
Montana WindJammer IV Infomercial
In another blast from the past , Vaughn Nelson has tracked down a promotional film ( now on youtube ) from August 1985 of the Windjammer IV sail wing wind turbine .
Patterned after Cretan sail windmills , ...[ more ]
Category : Inventions & Questionable Wind Turbines
Heidelberg Motor 's VAWT Video
In research for his new book , Vaughn Nelson is turning up a number of fascinating videos .
One he found is a video of Heidelberg Motor 's H-rotor operating in Germany .
The VAWT was unusual in that the ...[ more ]
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
Optiwind Demolition -- The Fate of Many Revolutionary Wind Turbines
In the research for his new book , Vaughn Nelson has been dredging up some amazing videos .
( See Hywind Scotland Floating Offshore Wind Turbine Video . ) [ more ]
Category : Inventions & Questionable Wind Turbines , Small Wind folder
Wulf Small Wind Turbine Test Field Closed
In another sign of the times , I 've closed Wulf Field and sold the property to the neighboring wind farm managed by Windstream Properties . [ more ]
Category : Small Turbine Testing
Hywind Scotland Floating Offshore Wind Turbine Video
I do n't often comment or link to news about offshore wind projects or technology .
There 's plenty of land available for wind energy .
In most cases we do n't need to go offshore .
[ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind
Wind - power critic and ' world 's greatest climate sceptic ' dies Christopher Booker had campaigned vociferously against wind turbines for over a decade , describing them as ' one of the most dangerous political delusions of our time '
Category : News on Large Wind Turbines
Construction worker at site of Iowa wind farm killed A worker at the site of a wind farm under construction in north - central Iowa has died after being run over by a semitrailer .
Category : News on Large Wind Turbines , Accidents & Safety
Benchmarking Wind Power Operating Costs in the United States : Results from a Survey of Wind Industry Expert
We find that average all - in lifetime OpEx has declined from approximately $ 80 / kW - yr ( ~$ 35 / MWh ) for projects built in the late 1990s to a level that is approaching $ 40 / kW - yr ( ~ $ 11 / MWh ) for projects ...
Category : News on Large Wind Turbines
Cologne VAWT Captured on Grainy Cell Phone Pics
While deleting some old files -- yes , I am one of those who deletes unnecessary files -- I came across two photos I meant to post in 2018 . [ more ]
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines , Rooftop & Urban Wind
CEO Linked To Failed Wind Farm Indicted On Federal Wire Fraud , Money Laundering Charges Davis was CEO of Dragonfly Industries International , LLC , which sought to build a wind farm on 300 acres near in Elm Springs for electric power generation in 2015 .
Category : News on Large Wind , Small Wind folder
Bonn Community Power Declaration
At the same time , we notice with growing concern that there are increasing barriers against the rapid growth of renewable energy globally , e.g. through the introduction of auctions in the renewable ...
Category : News on Community Power , News on Large Wind
Successful 33rd Windmill - Wildflower Hike in Near Perfect Weather Seventeen intrepid hikers crossed the Cameron Canyon segment of the Pacific Crest Trail Saturday on the 33rd annual Windmill - Wildflower hike near Tehachapi , California . [ more ]
Category : News on Wind Energy , News on Large Wind
Can sound protect eagles from wind turbine collisions ?
One possible way to prevent these deaths is to chase the birds away with acoustic signals — sound .
To determine what types of sounds are most effective in deterring the birds , researchers at the ...
Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
Gipe Receives Distinguished Alumni Award for His " Notoriety " in Wind Energy On 26 April 2019 the alumni association of the Natural Resources and Environmental Management Department at my alma mater , Ball State University , presented me with its Award of Distinction , the ...[ more ]
Category : News on Wind Energy , News on Large Wind
11 companies want to build offshore wind farms near Morro Bay , Diablo Canyon Massive pods of 700 - foot floating wind turbines off the coast of California are edging closer to becoming a reality , now that the state has firm applications from several companies hoping to realize ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Northern Power Systems Corp. Announces Disposition of Its US Service Business and Board Resignation
It is uncertain if the Company ’s efforts ( i ) to address its cash constraints and its legal difficulties with Comerica and / or ( ii ) to effect one or more strategic transactions will be successful .
Category : Small Wind folder
French farmers sue the state over mystery cow deaths they blame on electromagnetic fields A group of French cattle farmers is suing the state over the mysterious death of hundreds of cows , which they believe are the victims of harmful electromagnetic fields .
Local vets are at a loss to ...
Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
33nd Annual Windmill - Wildflower Hike Planned for Tehachapi May 18 , 2019
The Kern - Kaweah Chapter of the Sierra Club will lead a hike among the wind turbines on the Pacific Crest Trail ( PCT ) at 9:00 am on Saturday May 18 , 2019 near Tehachapi , California . [ more ]
Category : News on Wind Energy , News on Large Wind
Bakersfield Californian : Trump ‘ tilts at windmills ’ with bogus cancer claim No , Mr. President , windmills do n’t cause cancer .
What they do cause is the creation of thousands of jobs and businesses in Kern County , and technical innovations that help keep America energy ...
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
Text of Mr. President , Thank You for Your Comments about Windmills Thank you , Mr. President , for the timely attention .
My recent book about windmills , or what we call wind turbines , has been languishing in a New York warehouse not far from Trump Tower - - until now , ...[ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Noise , Health , & Safety , Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us
COMMUNITY VOICES : Mr. President , thank you for your comments about windmills
Thank you , Mr. President , for the timely attention .
My recent book about windmills , or what we call wind turbines , has been languishing in a New York warehouse not far from Trump Tower — until now , ...
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
Fact - Checking President Trump ’s Assessment of Wind Power and Electric Vehicles U.S. President Donald Trump mocked renewable energy at yesterday 's campaign rally in Michigan .
Implicating Hillary Clinton as part of Big Wind , Trump said , " If Hillary got in ... you'd be doing wind ....
Category : News on Large Wind , Electric Vehicles
Navy may oppose wind farms off Morro Bay — but that does n’t mean it ca n’t happen
The dream of Morro Bay as a new hub of offshore renewable energy production in California could be over before it even gets its sea legs — or it could just be ramping up .
Category : News on Large Wind
How Many Offshore Wind Turbines are needed to Power the World 's Major Cities ?
While there is ample land area for both wind and solar power plants , there is also ample area offshore of major metropolitan areas to power the world 's major cities . [ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind
French Offshore VAWT Developer Nénuphar Goes Bust The French offshore Vertical - Axis Wind Turbine developer Nénuphar closed its doors in early 2018 .
Their web site is dark , though there are several Nenuphar Animations on YouTube.com .[ more ]
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
Darrieus Wind Turbine Technology Assessment Study ( 1992 )
One of the conclusions then is no doubt true today : " There is no well established relationship between Darrieus wind turbine prototype costs and volume production costs because only one company , ...[ more ]
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
One on One : World - renowned wind energy expert Paul Gipe talks about California 's energy future World - renowned wind energy expert Paul Gipe of Bakersfield joined The Californian 's Robert Price for his weekly " One on One " webcast to talk about California 's energy future .
Gipe said PG&E's ...
Category : News on Large Wind , News on Wind Energy , Renewable Energy , Fossil Fuels
Japanese Offshore Wind To Hit 4 Gigawatts
In 2028 Japan ’s nascent offshore wind industry is expected to increase dramatically over the next ten years , according to energy analysts Wood Mackenzie , who predict that by 2028 the island country will ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Confessions of a Rogue Nuclear Regulator -- A Review by Glen Estill Gregory Jaczko was an outsider .
He was n’t from the industry .
But somehow he was appointed to the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission , eventually becoming its Chair .
His 2019 book , Confessions of a ...[ more ]
Category : book Reviews , Nuclear Power
Text of " The Troubling Budweiser Ad on Tejon Ranch " Op - Ed Peddling green works .
After watching Budweiser 's 2019 Superbowl commercial -- the Clydesdales racing through wheat fields on Tejon Ranch , with wind turbines turning serenely in the background -- I...[ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Energy & the Environment
The Answer Is Blowin ’ in the Wind How about just one really important climate - control thought ?
How about windmills ?
If the country really threw itself into wind power , we could , er , breeze toward our goals on that alone .
Wind ...
Category : News on Wind Energy
COMMUNITY VOICES : The troubling Budweiser ad on Tejon Ranch Peddling green works .
After watching Budweiser 's 2019 Superbowl commercial -- the Clydesdales racing through wheat fields on Tejon Ranch , with wind turbines turning serenely in the background -- I ... Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Energy & the Environment
Up in the Air -- Be a voice for change Up in the Air is a short film about the wind turbine project in Prince Edward County .
For nearly two decades , a group of County residents have been supporting wind energy initiatives .
The White Pines ...
Category : News on Large Wind , News on Community Power , Wind Energy & the Environment
Fleming wind farm accident victim ID'd he Logan County Sheriff 's Office identified Carl Pierce , 41 , of Portland , Ore. , as the man who was pronounced dead at the wind tower work site Tuesday .
Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
Modern History of Vertical - Axis ( Darrieus ) Wind Turbines Published Elsevier has published an extensive survey of attempts at building commercial Vertical - Axis Wind Turbines on its digital platform .
The print version of the survey by Swedish academic Erik Möllerström ... [ more ]
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines , News on Wind Energy , News on Large Wind
A historical review of vertical axis wind turbines rated 100 kW and above Since the 1970s , there have been several VAWT projects with installed turbines of significant size , either as attempts to commercialize VAWTs , or as university led research projects , or as a ...
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines , News on Wind Energy , News on Large Wind
‘ Green energy blues ’ in a town that sought to do something about climate change Nine years after the first was built beside Falmouth ’s waste treatment plant , both turbines now stand idle , no longer producing a kilowatt of electricity , totems of good intentions gone awry .
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
California Worker Dies after Blade Falls Off Wind Machine
The Associated Press circulated a news item on 14 January 2019 about a field hand killed near Visalia when the blade of a " wind machine " fell off .
See California orchard worker dies after 600 - pound ... [ more ]
Category : Accidents & Safety , News on Wind Energy , News on Large Wind
Offshore wind turbines have forced loons into smaller habitats , study says A new study published in the Journal of Environmental Management has found that offshore wind turbines in the German North Sea are having an effect on where birds fly and land .
As a result , loons ...
Category : Wind Energy & the Environment
Wedge - tailed eagles killed by wind turbines at Yaloak South wind farm in Moorabool Shire
The renewable energy company Pacific Hydro confirmed to The Courier that three deaths of the eagle – Australia ’s largest bird of prey – have been recorded at the wind farm since it began operating in ...
Category : Wind Energy & the Environment
Videos of the Defunct Sheerwind - Invelox Ducted Device Still Up Sheerwind - Invelox , a ducted - turbine fiasco , officially went bust in early 2018 .
Incredibly , there are a number of promotional videos still on line at youtube.com and on vimeo .
The latter is even more ...[ more ]
Category : Sheerwind - Invelox
Video footage of FloDesign - Ogin Antelope Valley Prototype DAWT
While poking around on the Internet to see if anything new had popped up on some of my favorite ducted turbine projects I came across some videos of FloDesign - Ogin that I had n't seen before .[ more ]
Category : FloDesign - Ogin
Correction to the Death of Robert Skarski in Wind Power 2004 I 've been alerted to an error in the second edition of Wind Power ( 2004 ) : Renewable Energy for Home Farm and Business . [ more ]
Category : Small Wind folder , Accidents & Safety , News on Large Wind , News on Wind Energy
Should the Central Coast be a new hub for wind energy in California ?
Read more here : https://www.sanluisobispo.com/news/local/environment/article223109435.html#storylink=cpy
Hundreds of wind turbines could pop up along the coast off Los Osos and Cambria — but before they do , the U.S. Bureau of Ocean Energy Managment wants to know if you think that ’d be a good idea .
Category : News on Large Wind
Pioneering Bat Deterrent System from NRG Systems Reduces Bat Fatalities by 54 Percent at Texas Wind Energy Facility
A trial of its ultrasonic acoustic Bat Deterrent System reduced overall bat fatalities at the Los Vientos Wind Energy Facility in Starr County , Texas , by 54 percent .
The results of the test prove ...
Category : Wind Energy & the Environment
We ’ve turned our backs on wind energy .
That ’s a mistake Texas now produces four times as much wind energy as California , which has fallen to No. 4 in the United States — not a promising trend , given the state ’s ambitious goal of switching to 100 percent ...
Category : News on Large Wind
OSHA Investigating Worker Death at Iowa Wind Farm
The worker has since been identified as Joseph Hill of Minnesota .
Mitchell County Sheriff Greg Beaver said deputies responded to the site , and provided medical attention .
The deputies determined that ...
Category : Accidents & Safety
OSHA investigating construction worker 's death at St. Ansgar wind farm Mitchell County Sheriff Greg Beaver said the fatal accident occurred about 1 p.m. Saturday while the worker was loading heavy equipment at Turtle Creek Wind Farm , which is under construction near St ....
Category : Accidents & Safety
Iowa Construction Worker Dies at Turtle Creek Wind Farm
An Iowa construction worker was killed in what authorities are calling an " industrial accident " in St. Ansgar , Iowa over the weekend .
Category : Accidents & Safety
Evolve - Do n’t Stagnate : Moving Cleveland 's Icebreaker Project Forward Windustrious Cleveland 's Sara Taylor calls for opponents of offshore wind in the Great Lakes to evolve , as others have done in past , to avoid technological stagnation .[ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind
Wind : An Energy Alternative -- Video Blast from the Past In 1980 the Department of Energy published a short film titled Wind : An Energy Alternative .
The 12 - minute film was produced by the Solar Energy Research Institute ( SERI ) probably in 1979 . [ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind , History of Wind Power , Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
Is the wind turbine really a ' new apex predator ' ?
The presence of wind turbines can reduce the number of birds and lizards in an area , a new study has found .
Should we start tearing the farms down ?
Category : Wind Energy & the Environment
Rare New Photos Added : Chalk Bicycle Wheel Turbine & Princeton Sailwing Wind Turbine
I 've added several rare photos and scans Vaughn Nelson found in his files from the 1970s .
Nelson , one of the wind industry 's pioneers , has an extensive collection of experimental wind turbines from ...[ more ]
Category : Small Wind folder
Tasmania wind farm Australia ’s first to use eagle protection technology
New technology to detect and prevent eagles from colliding with rotating wind turbine blades will be applied in Australia for the first time – at Goldwind Australia ’s Cattle Hill Wind Farm in the ...
Category : Wind Energy & the Environment , News on Large Wind
New Page Added on VAWTPower at Clines Corner I 've added a new page on photos of historical Vertical - Axis Wind Turbines to include VAWTPower Management 's prototypes at Clines Corner , New Mexico . [ more ]
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
End of an Era in Small Wind -- Home Power Magazine and Small Wind Conference Cease Since 2010 the small wind industry in North America has been in steep decline .
First Congress turned its back on the industry in the United States .
Then the descent accelerated with the rapid fall in ...[ more ]
Category : Small Wind folder
US National Survey of Attitudes of Wind Power Project Neighbors
The findings indicate an overall positive attitude toward the nearby turbines , including for those living even as close as ½ mile .
Roughly 8 % of the population had negative attitudes within 5 miles .
Category : Wind Energy & the Environment , News on Large Wind
Southern Arizona wind farm investigated after death of bat , eagle
In the mountains 20 miles west of Willcox , 15 wind turbines stand 450 feet tall , spinning with the wind .
This is the Red Horse II Wind Farm , the only wind farm operating in southern Arizona .
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Energy & the Environment
Comments by Noted Geographer Martin Pasqualetti on Wind in Sicht : Landscape in Transition Ulrich Mertens has done us all a very big favor .
With graphic clarity and a professional photographer ’s keep eye for composition , Wind in Sicht – Landscape in Transition illustrates the newest ...[ more ]
Category : Reviews Coffee Table Books
Trump Again Overblows Risks of Wind Power
In an Aug. 30 rally in Evansville , Indiana , President Donald Trump made three unsubstantiated claims about wind turbines , which he calls “ windmills ” .
Category : News on Large Wind
Navy now considering plans for ocean wind farms — and Morro Bay is a top prospect Efforts to build fields of floating wind turbines off the coast of California are gaining momentum , and Morro Bay might be at the front of the line .
Category : News on Large Wind
From Auto Engineer to Wind Turbine Manager Christopher Bruce lost his automotive job , sulked , then reinvented himself Category : News on Large Wind
Prescient Quote about Hometown Wind Energy from 1977 !
What struck my eye is the quote , " Indiana is a better location for the use of windpower than many eastern states , since most wind speeds are higher , the terrain flatter , and most of the trees cut ...[ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind Turbines , Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us
Comment for the OPSB Public Hearing on Cleveland 's Icebreaker Offshore Wind Project
The growing excitement for offshore wind development on the Great Lakes is great to see .
William Friedman , of the Cleveland - Cuyahoga County Port Authority , has announced that they have identified the ...[ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind
Fatal crawler crane overturn A crawler crane operator has died in an incident at a wind farm in Poweshiek County , Iowa over the weekend .
Category : Accidents & Safety
Cancelled wind farm to cost Ontario ratepayers $ 100 million plus : Company
The unexpected cancellation of a wind energy project by the new Ontario government will cost ratepayers more than $ 100 million according to the company spearheading the project .
Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
Fact vs. Fiction : Are Wind Turbines Making People Sick ?
So , the question is , do these assertions hold up under scientific scrutiny ?
The answer appears to be “ no . ”
Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
Can Doug
Ford keep his promise to axe green energy projects ?
Many rural voters hope so Green Energy
Act allowed province to ignore local concerns , but election gives opponents new optimism .
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Noise , Health , & Safety , Ontario FIT
Rhode Island General Assembly to Study Marine Impacts of Turbines The House of Representative is set to authorize a study to determine if offshore wind facilities are killing whales and other sea life .
Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
VAWT
Wind turbines are tourist ‘ must - see ’
A wind farm comprised of 432 vertical - axis wind turbines on the coast of Changhua County ’s Fangyuan Township ( 芳苑 ) has become the county ’s latest tourist attraction .
The turbines look like egg ...
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
Ben & Jerry 's joins the campaign to support onshore windfarms Tubs of Strawberry Breeze - cake , Cherry Gale-cia and other wind - themed ice - creams will feature in a campaign by Ben & Jerry ’s to persuade the government to rethink its opposition to onshore windfarms .
Category : News on Large Wind
Wind in Sicht : Landscape in Transition by Ulrich Mertens , A Review
There are some books that simply bring a smile to your face -- even to someone as jaded as I .
This is one of them .
There is a joy in discovering what the future may hold that comes across in Ulrich ... [ more ]
Category : News on Wind Energy , Reviews Coffee Table Books , Reviews of Wind Books auf Deutsch , Book Reviews of Books auf Deutsch , book Reviews
Regular safety training could prevent wind farm deaths , study claims Research published today by Glasgow Caledonian University ( GCU ) claims that wind farm technicians often struggle to recall key safety instructions .
Category : Accidents & Safety
" Wind Energy for the Rest of Us " E- book Re-Launched at $ 19.99
The digital version of Paul Gipe 's Wind Energy for the Rest of Us has been re-launched on several platforms at $ 19.99 , 33 % off the previous e-book price . [ more ]
Category : Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us , News on Wind Energy , News on Large Wind
India adds 10 GW of fresh solar in FY 2017 / 18 , reaches 22 GW total Wind , meanwhile , saw a drop in installation activity due to the transition from a feed - in - tariff ( FiT ) scheme to auction mechanism , with less than 2 GW of new wind parks coming online , a year - on - year ...
Category : Indiana FIT , News on Solar Energy , News on Large Wind
US Wind Turbine Database On - Line Mapping Tool Launches The United States Wind Turbine Database ( USWTDB ) has gone live according to a Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory ( LBNL ) press release .[ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind , News on Wind Energy
PG&E Distributed Wind Energy 06 Distributed Wind Presentation by Paul Gipe for PG&E 21 April 2018 at CalPoly , San Luis Obispo , California .
Check against delivery .
Category : News on Wind Energy , Presentations by Paul Gipe
PG&E Distributed Wind Energy 04 Silent Wind Revolution Presentation by Paul Gipe for PG&E 21 April 2018 at CalPoly , San Luis Obispo , California .
Check against delivery .
Category : News on Wind Energy , Presentations by Paul Gipe
PG&E Distributed Wind Energy 02 Configurations Presentation by Paul Gipe for PG&E 21 April 2018 at CalPoly , San Luis Obispo , California .
Check against delivery .
Category : News on Wind Energy , Presentations by Paul Gipe
PG&E Distributed Wind Energy 01 Introduction Presentation by Paul Gipe for PG&E 21 April 2018 at CalPoly , San Luis Obispo , California .
Check against delivery .
Category : Presentations by Paul Gipe , News on Wind Energy
PG&E Distributed Wind Energy 07 Conclusion Presentation by Paul Gipe for PG&E 21 April 2018 at CalPoly , San Luis Obispo , California .
Check against delivery .
Category : Presentations by Paul Gipe , News on Wind Energy
PG&E Distributed Wind Energy 03 Fundamentals Presentation by Paul Gipe for PG&E 21 April 2018 at CalPoly , San Luis Obispo , California .
Check against delivery .
Category : Presentations by Paul Gipe , News on Wind Energy
PG&E Distributed Wind Energy 05 Hyrbrid and Storage Introduction Presentation by Paul Gipe for PG&E 21 April 2018 at CalPoly , San Luis Obispo , California .
Check against delivery .
Category : Presentations by Paul Gipe , News on Wind Energy
Electricity Rebels and How They 're Changing the Face of Renewable Energy Presentation for the CORE Energy Summit in Winnipeg , Manitoba 12 April 2018 .
Category : Presentations by Paul Gipe , News on Community Power
Presentation on Improvements to Small Wind Turbines Presentation for CORE Energy Summit in Winnipeg , Manitoba 12 April 2018 .
Category : Small Wind folder , Presentations by Paul Gipe
Diesels are Dead : Long Live EVs Presentation on Electric Vehicles for the CORE Energy Summit in Winnipeg , Manitoba 12 April 2018 .
Category : Electric Vehicles , Presentations by Paul Gipe
Bluenergy Giving Me the Blues What 's up with Canada ?
I 've gotten two enquiries from the Great White North about Bluenergy Solarwind , a US company claiming to have developed another vertical - axis wind turbine ( VAWT ) .[ more ]
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
Transfer of Distribution Rights for Gipe 's Wind Energy for the Rest of Us Completed 4 April the transfer of remaining copies of Wind Energy for the Rest of Us to a new distributor was completed .[ more ]
Category : Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us , News on Wind Energy , News on Large Wind , Small Wind folder
Update : Wind turbine entrepreneur , wanted by the FBI , found hiding in Saskatoon Celebrities like former Tonight Show host Jay Leno and actor Ed Begley Jr. endorsed the Canadian entrepreneur 's product .
Rowan was making national headlines with his invention .
But skeptics wondered ...
Category : Mag- Wind
Liquidation Of Gaia - Wind Stems From Government Inaction On Small - Scale Renewables
One of the UK ’s best - known and most iconic small - scale wind companies , Gaia - Wind , has been forced into provisional liquidation and the company and outside observers are highlighting government ...
Category : Small Wind folder
The Call for Wind Energy Development on Lake Erie Led by Union Members Cleveland has been a city of innovation , right from the very beginning .
In 1796 Moses Cleaveland , in his westward journey from Connecticut , discovered the area around the mouth of the Cuyahoga River , ...[ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind
Trade bodies slam Westminster for ‘ inaction ’ in saving Scottish renewables firm Yesterday trade organisation RenewableUK added its voice , calling government decision - making a “ key factor ” in the fall of one of the sector ’s “ best - known and most iconic companies ” .
The Feed - In ... Category : Small Wind folder
First wind farm operational in coal - reliant Bosnia Bosnia ’s maiden wind farm began producing electricity on Wednesday as part of the country ’s efforts to cut greenhouse gas emissions and meet the renewable energy standards of the European Union it ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Gaia Wind : Scottish wind - turbine maker collapses amid ' Westminster cuts ' to renewables Gaia - Wind , which celebrated the roll - out of its 1000th device from Glasgow last April , has appointed a provisional liquidator .
The company moved its operations to Scotland from Denmark seven years ...
Category : Small Wind folder
Sex Sells -- Even Wind Energy : The Dalhart Mystery Sex sells .
Always has , always will .
Sex has been used to sell beer , cars , and even wind energy -- well , at least articles about wind energy . [ more ]
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines , History of Wind Power
Auctions did n’t make wind power cheaper , study finds
Wind power prices have plummeted in recent years since Germany switched to auctions .
Now , a study has found what readers of this blog already knew : the prices only look low because they are reported ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Family want answers over death in snow on wind farm
The family of a security guard who died after becoming trapped in heavy snow on a remote wind farm are demanding answers about his death .
Category : News on Large Wind
CGE Energy Touting Its Uncertified Darrieus Wind Turbine CGE
Energy recently issued a press release applauding the US Congress for extending tax subsidies to small wind turbines .
The press release also touts CGE's Darrieus wind turbine , the Wind-e 20 . [ more ]
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
Performance of Swiss Darrieus Wind Turbine Alpha Real Mirrors that in California of the 1980s
The 1992 report on the project by the Centre de Recherche Energétiques et Municpales reads like so many of the others from the period .
In short , the four - year project was a failure for a host of ... [ more ]
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines , History of Wind Power
French Post Card and CENG's Darrieus Turbine Wind historian extraordinaire Etienne Rogier sent me a carte postale ( post card ) promoting a 1988 French postage stamp .
The card depicts the postage stamp and an experimental Darrieus turbine .[ more ]
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines , History of Wind Power
UGE : Wind turbine blades falling off Addison ’s water tower result in $ 1 million flop , crazy lawsuit
The turbines ran for three months before one blade fell to the ground 190 feet below .
Then a second blade crashed through a nearby storage building 's roof , falling into a conference room .
No one was ...
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines , Urban Green Energy ( UGE )
Video of SheerWind - Invelox in Iran Daryoush Allaei extolling the wonders of his device in his native land .
Note the location of the device -- down below the ridge on which they are standing .
Also notice that there are some real wind ...
Category : Sheerwind - Invelox
Exploring the prediction of wind turbine audibility and sound annoyance with A - weighted sound levels Additionally , the sound - level drivers ( modeled wind turbine sound level and background sound level ) are poor predictors of very annoyed responses ; one ’s prior support for or opposition to a local ...
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
LBNL : Comparing Strongly Annoyed Individuals Near Wind Power Projects
In U.S. and Europe A similar mean level of annoyance to sound is found in European results .
In the U.S. sample , the mean levels of annoyance to lighting , shadow flicker , and landscape change are similar but slightly ...
Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety , News on Large Wind
LBNL : Do Wind Turbines Make Good Neighbors ?
Results from a Nationwide Survey of Residents Living Near U.S. Wind Power Projects
Attitudes were significantly correlated with compensation , sensory perceptions of the nearby turbines , planning process perceptions , and attitudes toward wind turbines in general .
It was also found ...
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
LBNL : National Survey of Attitudes of Wind Power Project Neighbors
In 2015 , the U.S. Department of Energy funded Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory ( Berkeley Lab ) to lead a 4 - year project collecting data from a broad - based and representative sample of individuals ...
Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety , News on Large Wind
Chinese Company Sinovel Wind Group Convicted of Theft of Trade Secrets
A manufacturer and exporter of wind turbines based in the People ’s Republic of China was convicted today of stealing trade secrets from AMSC , a U.S. - based company formerly known as American ...
Category : News on Large Wind
‘ Tougher H&S ' call for UK wind The Unite union has called on the UK government and Health and Safety Executive ( HSE ) to toughen the laws governing the construction and maintenance of wind farms , following the death of a worker at ...
Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety , News on Large Wind
' Stranded ' worker dies at wind farm UK : A 74 - year - old man has died at a wind farm in southeast Scotland after becoming stranded without heat or power .
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
Union Members Are Devoted to Ohio ’s First Offshore Wind Project The Ohio Power Siting Board ( OPSB ) has been reviewing the application by Icebreaker Windpower Inc. , regarding its proposal to install six turbines on Lake Erie , a few miles offshore from Cleveland ....
Category : News on Large Wind
Albania Wind Power Market Report 2017
The feed - in tariff is currently applicable to electricity generated from plants gen¬erating electricity from renewable sources with an installed capacity not exceed¬ing 15 MW ( “ Preferential ...
Category : Albania FIT , News on Large Wind
Etienne Rogier on the Operation of France 's Post War Wind Turbine " Neyrpic " French wind historien Etienne Rogier has published an article on French post war wind turbines in the latest issue of the house organ for the Fédération des Moulins de France . [ more ]
Category : History of Wind Power , News on Large Wind
FaceBook Comments on SheerWind Ducted Disaster
The following are comments to Another Ducted Device Dead : SheerWind - Invelox Bankrupt .
They were so insightful I decided to repost them here where they are more easily archived .[ more ]
Category : Sheerwind - Invelox
Another Ducted Device Dead : SheerWind - Invelox Bankrupt
My inbox saw a flurry of emails 4 January 2018 to inform me that ducted turbine darling SheerWind - Invelox was bankrupt .
While the event was n't much of a surprise , it did take much longer than I 'd ...[ more ]
Category : Sheerwind - Invelox
After 16 Years , Hopes for Cape Cod Wind Farm Float Away
But after 16 years — and $ 100 million of his own money — that dream is , well , gone with the wind .
Mr. Gordon has pulled the plug , stymied by endless litigation and a series of financial and political ...
Category : News on Large Wind
KunstlerCast 298 — Solar and Wind in Vermont with David Blittersdorf of All Earth Renewables " Grind up the SUVs and build wind turbines with them , " says David Blittersdorf , founder of AllEarth Renewables .
Podcast with more provocative thoughts on renewables , transit , and energy policy in ...
Category : Fossil Fuels , News on Large Wind , Renewable Energy
Trump administration eases rule against killing birds
The Interior Department has quietly rolled back an Obama - era policy aimed at protecting migratory birds , stating in a solicitor ’s opinion that it will no longer prosecute oil and gas , wind , and solar ...
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Energy & the Environment
Wind turbines could provide many local advantages A big reason
Dow chose wind energy in gas - rich Texas , is that wind power has a completely predictable fuel cost ( zero ) , which budget planners like .
They do n't have to guess what their costs will be a ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Wind Energy Museum Norfolk Great Britain
We feature full sized wind pumps , steam engines and a unique scoop wheel along with a collection of photographs , models of various mills which all depict the evolution of the drainage of the Broads . [ more ]
Category : History of Wind Power
Abandoned DAF - Indal Darrieus Turbine on the Iles - de - la - Madeleine Someone sent me a link to a YouTube video titled Abandoned Vertical Axis Windmill In The Magdalen Islands .[ more ]
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines , History of Wind Power
Rebuilt USW 56 -100 in the Wild Renewable energy and electric vehicle fan Bob Tregilus was out and about in rural Nevada when he came across an odd wind turbine powering a well pump in the Reese River Valley .
So he sent along his ...[ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind , History of Wind Power
Busting more myths about South Australia ’s wind and solar Contrary to the ideas promulgated by some opponents of wind generation , most of the substantial investment in wind farms in South Australia is not being paid for by taxpayers or electricity consumers ...
Category : News on Large Wind , Grid Integration
It ’s true , wind turbines are monstrous .
But I have learned to love them At first I resented the way they blocked the view .
But now the towers look like part of a brighter future .
Category : Wind Energy & the Environment , News on Large Wind
State Opens Investigation Into Blasting
At Deerfield Wind Site Permitting for the project dragged on for more than ten years and the 30 - megawatt project is expected to go online in 2018 .
A contract worker died on the site in April after he was electrocuted .
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Energy & the Environment
In Iowa Wind Opponents Turn to Animal Cruelty Science deniers needlessly killing animals , in order to needlessly kill more animals .
Appalled but not surprised .
People who do n’t care about the massive extinctions brought on by climate change ...
Category : Wind Energy & the Environment , News on Large Wind
Nashtifan Windmills
The vertical - axis windmills of ancient Persia have been grinding flour for 1,000 years and counting Located on the arid and windswept plains of northeastern Iran , 30 miles from the Afghan border , the small village of Nashtifan is keeping ancient traditions alive amid the winds of change .
The town ...
Category : History of Wind Power
Firm fined $ 8 K after death at Deerfield Wind site David Sprague , of Windham , Maine , was 59 years old when he was electrocuted at the Putnam Road construction site on April 18 .
Category : News on Large Wind
Why People Believe Low - Frequency Sound Is Dangerous Anxiety over “ wind - turbine syndrome ” stems from a decades - old misunderstanding of inaudible noise .
( Jun 19 , 2017 ) Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
You ca n’t buy this turbine , but you can buy its power Even though the blades appear curved , each is made of 11 sections with hinged connections .
The rotor will be limited to about 80 rpm by using several aviation - style airbrakes in the center sections ...
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
Wild is the wind : the resource that could power the world At £ 57.50 per megawatt - hour ( MWh ) , it is far cheaper than the state - backed price of £ 92.50 awarded in 2016 to Hinkley nuclear power station .
The speed of wind ’s progress is extreme and inarguable .
Category : News on Large Wind
The Curse That Keeps on Giving : Honeywell WindTronics Redux I pay a price for debunking various wind turbine flim - flams and posting critiques on my web site .
Consequently , I am cursed to be listed by Google and Indian call centers as the person to call if a ...[ more ]
Category : Windtronics
Adecon Darrieus Turbine Photos Posted
In response to a query from a Swedish researcher , I ’ve posted eight historic photos of the Adecon Darrieus wind turbine to my web site .
See Adecon under Vertical Axis Wind Turbines ( VAWTs ) in the ...[ more ]
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
Bürger - Windpark Lübke - Koog 25 - Year Anniversary -- A Review Hans - Detlef Feddersen sent me a copy of a little picture book celebrating the 25th anniversary of Bürger - Windpark Lübke - Koog .
He included a DVD video of interviews with the founders of the ...[ more ]
Category : Book Reviews of Books auf Deutsch , Reviews of Wind Books auf Deutsch , Solar Electricity Rebels ( Stromrebellen ) , History of Wind Power , book Reviews
Another Small VAWT with Big Ambitions Bankrupt : X - Wind Power Small Vertical - Axis Wind Turbines ( VAWTs ) come and go so fast no one can keep track of them before they become history .[ more ]
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
No appeal on wind turbine after death threats
The ruling would push back community wind projects by " at least a decade ' ' .
Category : News on Community Power , Wind Noise , Health , & Safety , News on Large Wind
Gårdmøllerne or Danish Farm Windmills -- A Review Benny Christensen knows his windmills .
An early anti-nuclear activist and proponent of 100 % renewable energy — a photo of him appears in Steven Borish ’s Land of the Living — Christensen has now turned ...[ more ]
Category : book Reviews , History of Wind Power , News on Wind Energy
Störfall mit Charme — The Story of the Schönau Electricity Revolt -- A Review
The title , Störfall mit Charme , is a playful thumbing of the nose in German at the critics of a movement by citizens in a small village in the deepest reaches of Germany ’s Schwarzwald or Black Forest ... [ more ]
Category : book Reviews , Book Reviews of Books auf Deutsch , Solar Electricity Rebels ( Stromrebellen ) , Nuclear Power , Renewable Energy
Someone keeps shooting at a well - known Victorian wind farm
One of Victoria ’s best - known wind farms , Waubra , 35 km north - west of Ballarat , has been shot at several times in recent years , police have revealed .
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
Geothermal Power Generation : Developments and Innovation --a Review Geothermal energy is one of the dark horses of renewable energy .
Few “ renewable energy advocates ” know much — if anything — about it .
They do n’t know what geothermal contributes today and have no clue ...[ more ]
Category : book Reviews , Book Reviews on Geothermal Energy , News on Geothermal
Floating offshore wind ( part 2 ) : Financing FOW
Given that this is offshore wind , it stands to reason that lenders and investors will work from what they know ( offshore wind using fixed - bottom foundations ) , and try to understand how different FOW ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Energy Transition , lessons from South Australia ’s energy crisis
At the heart of the problem has been governments ’ trust in market solutions without a sharp eye on the shortfalls in market performance and without adequate leadership on the long term outcome the ...
Category : Grid Integration
World ’s First Ever Offshore Wind Farm Finally Dismantled
The world ’s first ever offshore wind farm has finally been dismantled , with DONG Energy announcing this week that it had completed decommissioning the 4.95 megawatt Vindeby Offshore Wind Farm .
Category : News on Large Wind
Mars counters
Trump 's climate stance with $ 1bn sustainability plan The Snickers , Twix , Milky Way and Skittles maker has also revealed plans to champion renewable energy through its M&M ’s brand , featuring images of things such as wind turbines alongside its red and ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Comments by Bernard Saulnier on the Book Energy Democracy
In response to my review of Energy Democracy , a new book on Germany ’s energy revolution by Craig Morris and Arne Jungjohann , long - time colleague Bernard Saulnier contacted me with his thoughts .[ more ]
Category : book Reviews , Renewable Energy , Nuclear Power , News on Large Wind , Fossil Fuels
Poland ’s Anti-Wind Campaign Uses Stale Nazi Argument Rightwing Poles have raised the old canard that wind turbines and , hence , wind energy , is the detestable spoor of Nazi racial ideology .
Nothing could be further from the truth .[ more ]
Category : Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us , book Reviews , News on Large Wind
AWEA ’s Tom Gray -- US Wind Pioneer — Dies Tom Gray , former executive director of the American Wind Energy Association ( AWEA ) died Wednesday . [ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind
Copyright Finally Issued for Wind Energy for the Rest of Us The copyright was finally issued for Wind Energy for the Rest of Us .
A long time coming , the copyright was issued under Title 17 of the United States Code and became effective 5 December 2016 .[ more ]
Category : Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us , book Reviews
Energy Democracy , by Craig Morris & Arne Jungjohann : A Review
Is one of the most powerful books on the renewable energy revolution in decades .
It ’s a chronicle of the remarkable transformation underway in the world ’s fourth - largest industrial economy . [ more ]
Category : book Reviews , News on Large Wind , News on Solar Energy , Renewable Energy , Nuclear Power , Fossil Fuels , Debunking Myths about Feed - in Tariffs , Germany FIT
Colorado City man electrocuted in wind farm accident Cody Hubbard , 29 , was electrocuted and trapped at the top of a wind turbine at a farm on CR 183 Thursday .
He was doing work for Ivenergy LLC when the accident occurred , injuring one other employee , ...
Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
The modern wind sector – and the Energiewende – turns 30 today When was the Energiewende born ?
Lots of dates are tossed around , but one German press report argues that it all started today 30 years ago , when a test wind farm was connected to the grid .
Category : News on Large Wind
VAWTs Relegated to the Backwaters of the Internet Where Anti-Vaxxers Roam I ’d seen a reference to the technical paper , Optimization of a vertical axis wind turbine for application in an urban / suburban area , by two academics making the rounds but did n’t take much notice of ... [ more ]
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines , Rooftop & Urban Wind
Wind power hit record low price in German auctions .
Few are happy Germany ’s Network Agency has announced the results of the second round of onshore wind auctions .
The new price is 4.29 cents / kWh , a quarter lower than the 5.71 cents from the first round .
Category : News on Large Wind
The climate and air - quality benefits of wind and solar power in the United States
We find cumulative wind and solar air - quality benefits of 2015 US $ 29.7 – 112.8 billion mostly from 3,000 to 12,700 avoided premature mortalities , and cumulative climate benefits of 2015 US $ 5.3–106.8 ...
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Noise , Health , & Safety , Wind Energy & the Environment
2016 Wind Technologies Market Report $ 13 billion was invested in new wind power plants in 2016 .
In 2016 , wind energy contributed 5.6 % of the nation ’s electricity supply , more than 10 % of total electricity generation in fourteen states , ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Baseload myths and why we need to change how we look at our grid
It is a meaningless concept at the least and dangerous at its worst Category : Nuclear Power , Fossil Fuels , Grid Integration
Betz : Everything You Need to Know about Wind Turbines Was Written in 1927
Yes , I ’ve written about this subject once before , Everything You Need to Know about Wind Energy Was Written in 1957 ! , but I am moving the date back thirty years in the light of more research .
The ...[ more ]
Category : Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us , History of Wind Power , Small Wind folder , News on Wind Energy , News on Large Wind
Darrieus and His Vertical - Axis Wind Turbines ( VAWTs )
Largely forgotten today , Georges Jean Marie Darrieus was one of France ’s great engineers .
While he is mostly known in the English - speaking world for his patent on vertical - axis wind turbines ( VAWTs ) , ...[ more ]
Category : Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us , Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines , History of Wind Power
Siemens Wind Power to close Ontario turbine blade plant , cut 340 jobs A wind - turbine - blade factory in Southwestern Ontario that Siemens Wind Power Ltd. ’s former parent company called “ a key part of our global supply chain ” just last September is winding down ...
Category : News on Large Wind
URI Researchers : Block Island Wind Farm “ Highly Unlikely ” To Have Caused Whale ’s Death
In response to the June 24 , 2017 piece , “ Block Island Wind Farm May Have Killed Young Humpback Whale , ” several of us , researchers at the University of Rhode Island ( URI ) , feel it is important to ...
Category : Wind Energy & the Environment
Photos of Dabiri VAWT Test Site — Wing Power Turbines are Down
Oh the ways of the wind .
It blows where it will -- or something to that effect .
We were on our way to pick cherries .
That ’s a fairly innocuous activity .
From Bakersfield we had to cross the Antelope ...[ more ]
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
SheerWind Invelox Demo Turbine in Need of Demolition
The Chaska , Minnesota promoter of a ducted wind turbine appears to have fallen on hard times .
The fabric covering of the intake duct for their demonstration turbine is torn and in disrepair and the ...[ more ]
Category : Sheerwind - Invelox
Wind Day in Woodstock , Ontario York University ’s International Renewable Energy Academy designated 29 June as the “ wind day ” on their week - long program . [ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind , News on Community Power , Small Wind folder
Dueling Wind Ties in Woodstock
The 29 June was the “ wind day ” for York University ’s International Renewable Energy Academy .
As the featured speaker to start the day I donned one of my favorite wind tie . [ more ]
Category : Solar Electricity Rebels ( Stromrebellen ) , News on Wind Energy
Thirty years of North American wind energy acceptance research :
What have we learned ?
( 1 ) North American support for wind has been consistently high .
( 2 ) The NIMBY explanation for resistance to wind development is invalid .
( 3 ) Socioeconomic impacts of wind development are strongly ...
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Energy & the Environment
China To Install 403 Gigawatts Of Wind Energy Over Next Decade , According To MAKE Consulting
The Chinese Government is therefore set to publish at least 2 or 3 additional reductions to the onshore wind FiT level before 2023 .
Category : China FIT , News on Large Wind
Overview of Wind Energy for the International Renewable Energy Academy Presentation by Paul Gipe for York University 's International Renewable Academy on 22 June 2017 .
Check against delivery .
Category : Presentations by Paul Gipe , News on Large Wind , News on Wind Energy
The Ohio legislature should get rid of damaging wind setback
In 2014 , Senate Republicans tucked into an 822 - page mid-biennium budget review ( HB 483 ) a rider that more than doubled the distance a wind turbine must be from the adjacent property of anyone who ...
Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
Wind farms are hardly the bird slayers they 're made out to be — here 's why " Wind farms and nuclear power stations are responsible each for between 0.3 and 0.4 fatalities per gigawatt - hour ( GWh ) of electricity while fossil - fuelled power stations are responsible for about ...
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Energy & the Environment
Wind Power : the True Story ( Review of Paul Gipe 's Wind Energy for the Rest of Us ) They say that a good book should always tell a story .
And this is true for this book by Paul Gipe .
Titled " Wind Energy for the Rest of Us " is not just about the technology , but it tells the whole ...
Category : Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us , book Reviews
Wind ’s Silent Revolution Grows in Germany with More High Specific Area Turbines
While thumbing through German renewables magazine , Sonne Wind&Wärme , a table jumped out at me .
The table confirmed that the Silent Wind Revolution that French renewables expert Bernard Chabot first ...[ more ]
Category : Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us , News on Large Wind
World Wind Energy Award 2017 for German journalist Dr. Franz Alt Dr. Alt is a journalist who has been promoting the vision of a renewable energy world for more than two decades .
As head and presenter of important political tv magazines , he became one of the most ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Professional - Grade Sound Level Meter for Sale I have a Casella CEL - 464 professional - grade sound level meter for sale .
I used the unit during the early 2000s to measure the noise emissions from small wind turbines .[ more ]
Category : Small Turbine Testing , Wind Energy & the Environment
Finally a New Generation of VAWT Busters Has Arrived : Debunking IceWind
The onslaught of super - dooper new windmill inventions is never ending .
Frankly it ’s wearing out us old timers .
We ca n’t keep up with the damn things .
We try to ignore them but our friends and ...[ more ]
Category : Rooftop & Urban Wind , Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
Finding Inspiration in Nature for the Revolution We Need
It is no wonder that a modern wind turbine looks so beautiful .[ more ]
Category : History of Wind Power , Wind Energy & the Environment , News on Large Wind
Are solar and wind really killing coal , nuclear and grid reliability ?
So , are wind and solar killing coal and nuclear ?
Yes , but not by themselves and not for the reasons most people think .
Are wind and solar killing grid reliability ?
No , not where the grid ’s technology ...
Category : Renewable Energy , Grid Integration
What went wrong with that weird wind turbine on Deer Island ?
Ogin raised more than $ 150 million in funding — even attracting the attention of former Vice President Al Gore , now a senior partner at Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers , one of the company ’s earliest ...
Category : FloDesign - Ogin
Mag - Wind ’s James Rowan Captured in Saskatoon after Four Years on the Lam Four years after a federal grand jury in Raleigh , North Carolina returned a two - count indictment against James Alan Rowan for his fraudulent wind turbine investments , the fugitive was caught in ...[ more ]
Category : Mag - Wind , Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
FloDesign ’s State Subsidy
Up in Smoke Among all those who lost money in the FloDesign - Ogin fiasco is the Commonwealth of Massachusetts .
Compared to others the state lost a relatively modest amount of $ 3 million . [ more ]
Category : FloDesign - Ogin
Assessing wind resources in our cities Urban environments are challenging locations for small wind turbines .
Moreover , the sector must deal with cases of small turbines poorly sited and installed by companies that are more interested in ...
Category : Small Wind folder , Rooftop & Urban Wind
Noise , eigenfrequencies and turbulence behavior of a 200 kW H - rotor vertical axis wind turbine
The work within this thesis is made in collaboration between Halmstad University and Uppsala University .
A 200 - kW semi - guy - wired VAWT H-rotor , owned by Uppsala University but situated in Falkenberg ...
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
Ontario man facing extradition to U.S. on fraud charges found at parents ' home in Saskatoon James Alan Rowan was apprehended in Saskatoon , where his parents live .
A Saskatoon judge committed him to be extradited to the U.S. to face two fraud charges filed against him amid allegations he ...
Category : Mag- Wind
What instances of attempted murder or significant violence have occurred against wind industry personnel ?
Recently a Dutch wind farm developer ’s home was firebombed .
Dutch Wind Developer Fire Bombed
What other instances of violence against wind industry staff have occurred ?
Category : Accidents & Safety , Wind Noise , Health , & Safety , News on Large Wind
NZ Super Fund writes down wind turbine investment ; remains committed to investing in early stage companies In June 2016 the Ogin Board of Directors and management mutually agreed to separate .
At that point we wrote the Fund ’s NZ$ 47.5 million investment down to nil , and that was included in our annual ...
Category : FloDesign - Ogin
Dutch Wind Developer Fire Bombed Sometime around midnight 10 - 11 April the home of Bob Jans was firebombed in Assen , the Netherlands .
Both Jans and his wife were home , asleep at the time .[ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind , Accidents & Safety , Electric Vehicles , Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
The Crazy Lifestyle of a Woman Who Repairs Wind Turbine Blades
When she 's not climbing in Patagonia , Jessica Kilroy hangs off wind turbines Category : Job Effects from Renewable Energy , News on Large Wind
New ‘ Excel 15 ’ small - wind turbine generates more energy at a lower LCOE Bergey Windpower , an American manufacturer of small wind turbines for residential and commercial applications , recently announced a new product , the Excel 15 wind turbine .
Category : News on Small Wind
Hohe Akzeptanz für Windenergie dank Bürgerbeteiligung
" Als die Gemeindevertreter der drei Gemeinden mit diesem Konzept auf die Bürger zugingen , war das Vorhaben schnell akzeptiert “ , erinnert sich Schäfer .
Category : News on Large Wind , News on Community Power
Police probe Whitelee fatality Investigators are looking into the possibility that the man may have taken his own life , it is understood .
Category : Accidents & Safety , Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
Kilgallioch wind farm accident death worker identified Police have identified a worker who died in an accident on a wind farm site in the south of Scotland .
Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety , Accidents & Safety
Sub -Surface Pumped Hydroelectric Storage Another interesting concept being considered is to locate one or both reservoirs below ground ( sub- surface ) .
Category : Renewable Energy , Grid Integration
Another Proposed Mine Conversion to Pumped Storage : Marmora A proposal by Northland Power for a project in Ontario , Canada .
Category : Renewable Energy , Grid Integration
Germany Is Converting a Coal Mine Into a Massive Renewable Energy Battery Gemany is turning one of its old coal mines into a giant ' battery station ' that will store hydroelectric power and provide energy to around 400,000 homes , with hopes of launching similar facilities ...
Category : Renewable Energy , Grid Integration
Do n’t let wind energy stall in California
As wind energy achieves a historic milestone – surpassing the total capacity of hydropower dams to become the nation ’s largest renewable energy resource – many of California ’s pioneer wind projects ...
Category : News on Large Wind
52 percent of Tory Voters in favour of Wind Farms A poll published in the Sunday Times shows more than half of Conservative voters think the government should do more to encourage onshore wind power .
52 % of those surveyed said the building of wind ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Small Wind Conference Chooses Gipe for Keynote Speaker
The Small Wind Conference has chosen Paul Gipe as its keynote speaker for its 2017 conference in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Calling Gipe “ legendary ” for his four decades writing about wind energy , the ...[ more ]
Category : book Reviews , Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us , Small Wind folder
Local planning , sharing benefits key to wind - farm buy - in , study finds Nova Scotia policy on wind farms makes them 3 times more popular than in Ontario , study says .
Category : News on Large Wind , News on Community Power
Windtech International : Review of Wind Energy for the Rest of Us The book is a combination between a historical book , a textbook and a do - it - yourself book if you want to install your own wind turbine or want to invest in wind energy .
It describes the different ...
Category : Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us , book Reviews
Wind Energy Development in Ontario and Nova Scotia , Canada
A stark , but somewhat expected finding is the high degree of support for wind energy in Nova Scotia compared to Ontario .
Local support of their own nearby turbine development was three times higher ...
Category : News on Community Power , News on Large Wind
Japan accelerates wind power development as govt support pays off : study
With a month to go this fiscal year , Japan 's installation of new wind power capacity in 2016 - 17 is set to come in almost double that of the previous 12 months , propelled by higher tariffs guaranteed ...
Category : News on Large Wind , Japan FIT
Higher Penetration of Wind Energy in Ontario than in California The Canadian province of Ontario generated a higher percentage of its electricity with wind energy than California in 2015 . [ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind , News on Solar Energy , Renewable Energy
SheerWind - Invelox -- Is the End Nigh for Another Ducted Turbine ?
Is the end near for SheerWind ’s Invelox ducted wind turbine ?
The problems with SheerWind ’s design are coming to a head as its signature clients lose faith .[ more ]
Category : Sheerwind - Invelox , Inventions & Questionable Wind Turbines
Mid-Size Turbines a Have Big Advantage in Output Relative to Visual Impact
No , that ’s not mere click bait .
That ’s the argument Geoff Henderson makes in a provocative paper on wind turbine size and the landscape impact of wind turbines .[ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Energy & the Environment
32nd Windmill - Wildflower Hike Planned for Tehachapi 20 May 2017
The Kern - Kaweah Chapter of the Sierra Club will lead a hike among the wind turbines on the Pacific Crest Trail ( PCT ) at 9:00 am on Saturday May 20 , 2017 near Tehachapi , California . [ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Energy & the Environment
Kudos for Gipe ’s Wind Energy from the Poul la Cour Foundation
The current newsletter of the Poul la Cour Foundation offers kudos for the new book by Paul Gipe , Wind Energy for the Rest of Us. [ more ]
Category : Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us , book Reviews
Donald Trump Investing Big in Wind Energy ?
Last week , we got a peek at Trump ’s infrastructure plan , which included infrastructure projects that he considers a priority .
Three of those are wind - related projects .
Category : News on Large Wind , Renewable Energy
The Book for Wind Geeks : Wind Energy for the Rest of Us Digital Edition
The digital version of Wind Energy for the Rest of Us is now available for download .
This is the version of the book for true wind geeks as it offers photographic detail not seen any other way . [ more ]
Category : Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us , book Reviews
Pembina : A whirlwind tour of wind energy myths
It seems to happen with every new technology .
It was n’t so long ago that some people were convinced a photograph could steal your soul .
We may read about that now and have a little chuckle , but are ...
Category : Wind Energy & the Environment , Wind Noise , Health , & Safety , News on Large Wind
Clarkson Attempts Ducted Turbines — Again Despite its previous association with a questionable wind turbine and its promoter , Clarkson University announced that the school in upstate New York has transferred ducted wind turbine technology ...[ more ]
Category : Shrouded & Ducted Wind Turbines , Windtamer
WindTronics Took Millions from Ontario Then Unconvincingly Blames the Province “ The province gave the company $ 2.7 million to open in Windsor — under one condition .
The company promised there would be 200 workers in the plant by the end of this year .
That is now very unlikely , ” ...[ more ]
Category : Windtronics
' Essentially against the law ' to develop wind energy in N.L. , says researcher " It is prohibited for any private actor , any renewable energy company to come into Newfoundland to build a renewable energy source or to sell or transmit it on the grid .
It 's essentially against the ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Bare Breasts and Windmills — Oh , My !
Fans of my work with wind energy have often joked that my books would have a larger audience if they had some sex in them - - or at least a bare breast . [ more ]
Category : book Reviews , Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us
Germany 's Energy Transition A Comparative Perspective
This book analyzes Germany 's path - breaking Energiewende , the country 's transition from an energy system based on fossil and nuclear fuels to a sustainable energy system based on renewables .
The ...
Category : Renewable Energy , book Reviews
' Mad Alex ' : Donald Trump letters abuse Scottish ex-first minister Messages sent before his White House campaign show US president - elect harassing Alex Salmond over windfarms Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Energy & the Environment
French wind power costs EUR 76 per MWh - study Levelised cost of electricity from wind farms in France stands at EUR 76 per MWh , says a joint study of Pöyry Managing Consultants and French wind industry body France Energie Eolienne published ...
Category : France FIT , News on Large Wind
Man dies in suspected landslide at wind farm in Co Sligo Ireland Patrick McCaffrey ( 37 ) from Rossinver , Co Leitrm died on Monday evening after a landslide on a mountain bog on the Sligo - Roscommon border where groundworks for turbines were being carried out .
Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
Endurance Wind Power bankruptcy spreads to UK Endurance Wind Power filed for bankruptcy sometime around early November and placed under trust with Grant Thonrton , after its bank called in its loan .
Category : Small Wind folder
Gipe ’s New Wind Book Making the Rounds Wind Energy for the Rest of Us , Paul Gipe ’s new book on wind energy is finally hitting the streets .
Complimentary copies of the 560 - page tome are reaching the first group of colleagues and reviewers ...[ more ]
Category : Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us , book Reviews
Energy Democracy : Germany 's Energiewende to Renewables Energy Democracy traces the origins of the Energiewende movement in Germany from protests against the industrialization of rural communities in the 1970s to the Power Rebels of Schönau and German ...
Category : book Reviews
UGE 's VAWT wind turbines generating regret ; $ 100,000 turbines to create $ 1.50 in electricity monthly The $ 107,516 spires stand immobile more than two months after they were erected and more than a year after the city council approved them .
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
Swedish IPO to support vertical axis floating wind tech SeaTwirl has already installed a 30 - kW prototype floating offshore wind turbine at Lysekil and it wants to build a full - scale machine , SeaTwirl S2 , by 2020 .
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
Fight the ' blight ' of windfarms near my golf courses , Trump urges Ukip leader US president - elect does not deny pushing interim leader Nigel Farage and key associates to fight development of windfarms in Scotland Category : Wind Energy & the Environment
Gipe Named to Prestigious Energy Watch Group Paul Gipe has been named to the Energy Watch Group , one of only two North Americans on the prestigious panel .
He joins Stanford academic Mark Jacobson , internationally known for his work on moving to ... [ more ]
Category : Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us , Renewable Energy , News on Wind Energy
FloDesign Ogin Ducted Wind Turbine at Deer Island Coming Down FloDesign ’s prototype ducted wind turbine on Deer Island in Boston Harbor is being removed , according the agency that operates the nearby sewage treatment plant . [ more ]
Category : FloDesign - Ogin , Inventions & Questionable Wind Turbines
We Have a Ship Date -- Wind Energy for the Rest of Us Ok , we did have a previous ship date .
Printed copies of Wind Energy for the Rest of Us were to arrive in the warehouse at the end of October .
Obviously , that did n’t happen -- and for good reason .
I ...[ more ]
Category : Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us , book Reviews , Books by Paul Gipe
Study finds wind turbines killing migratory birds “ Purdue is involved in trying to look at the genetics of these birds to figure out whether they are local birds that were born and hatched near the Altamont site , or whether they are birds from other ...
Category : Wind Energy & the Environment
Onshore windfarms more popular than thought , UK poll finds Some 73 % of the British public polled by ComRes support onshore windfarms in contrast with government decisions to block them Category : News on Large Wind , Community Power and Wind Energy & the Environment en Francais
75th Anniversary of Connecting the Smith - Putnam Wind Turbine to the Grid On this date in 1941 , the first commercial - scale wind turbine was connected to the electrical grid in the United States .
It was a milestone in the development of wind energy .
The giant Smith - Putnam ...[ more ]
Category : History of Wind Power
Indiana wind turbines slow to protect bats during migration Wind energy companies in Indiana are attempting to mitigate the deaths of bats during migration season by slowing or stopping their turbines at night .
Category : Community Power and Wind Energy & the Environment en Francais , News on Large Wind
In Scotland , gusts of wind usher in a quiet energy revolution
But amid the gale - force havoc , the day also brought a critical milestone in a quiet energy revolution :
For the first time ever , the army of spinning white turbines that has sprouted across the lush ...
Category : News on Large Wind , Community Power and Wind Energy & the Environment en Francais
Rooftop and Building Integrated Wind Turbines are a Failure Says NREL The National Renewable Energy Laboratory ( NREL ) concludes in a new report that rooftop - mounted and building - integrated wind turbines are a failure , though readers would be hard pressed to find that ...[ more ]
Category : Rooftop & Urban Wind , Inventions & Questionable Wind Turbines , Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines , Urban Green Energy ( UGE )
Cleanfield Energy : Another Story of VAWT Hubris & Hustle Cleanfield made a big media splash in Ontario , Canada during the mid-2000s with its claim of producing a new wind turbine suited for mounting on buildings .
[ more ]
Category : Cleanfield , Rooftop & Urban Wind
Google applies for wind - assisted propulsion patent using Makani kite Makani Airborne Wind Energy Turbine ( AWT ) has n't been in the news lately .
They arrived in a flurry of press in 2013 as the next big thing from Google .
The device is a powered kite tethered to the ...[ more ]
Category : Inventions & Questionable Wind Turbines
Cleanfield Cited by Ontario Centres of Excellence as a “ Success ” Story There ’s no better example of ignorance , hype , and hubris by people with more money at their disposal than their knowledge of energy when the government of Ontario funded Cleanfield Energy , a small ...[ more ]
Category : Cleanfield
Wind Opus A Step Closer to Completion : Contract for Printing
Who knew that printing a book would be so complicated ?
Yes , writing , designing , and editing a book are difficult .
That ’s expected .
But picking out paper weights ?[ more ]
Category : Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us , book Reviews
A giant egg beater at ILCC ’s farm ?
Vertical axis wind turbine design to be tested soon Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
Windspire Energy Has Reintroduced the Windspire Concept Though the Mariah Windspire Company is defunct , the design has been taken up by another company .
Doing business as Windspire Energy , the new company backed by Wisconsin 's Ark Alloy LLC has revisited ... [ more ]
Category : Mariah Windspire
Total Capacity of Wind Power Plants Exceeds 3GW in Japan According to NEDO , about 0.18 GW of wind power plants ( 86 plants ) were newly installed in Japan in fiscal 2015 .
As of the end of the fiscal year , there were 2,102 wind power plants ( total capacity : ...
Category : News on Large Wind
Remember that “ wind tree ” ?
It ’s worse than we thought Turns out , the wind tree is actually worse than initially thought .
Category : Small Wind folder , Inventions & Questionable Wind Turbines
Ogin Ducted Turbine Employees Speak Out Former employees of the erstwhile ducted turbine manufacturer Ogin have posted comments about their jobs on a public web site .[ more ]
Category : FloDesign - Ogin , Inventions & Questionable Wind Turbines
Close - up Photos of Ogin DAWT Dismantlement in San Gorgonio Pass
More photos of the Ogin ducted wind turbine dismantlement have been “ thrown over my transom . ”
These close - up photos show far more detail of the disassembly and scrapping process than before .[ more ]
Category : FloDesign - Ogin , Inventions & Questionable Wind Turbines
Wind Tourist Pic of Ropatec VAWT in Southern Sicily French aerodynamicist Stéphan Aubin sent in a photo of Vertical - Axis Wind Turbine ( VAWT ) near the port of Siacca while he was vacationing in southern Italy . [ more ]
Category : Small Vertical Axis Wind Turbines
New Pics of Old USW 56 - 100 Wind Turbines Photographer Bob Tregilus sent along a couple of pictures of some recycled US Windpower turbines in Nevada . [ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind
Windfarms do not discourage tourists , economists find Study concludes there is no ‘ detrimental effect ’ on the number of holidaymakers in places with wind turbines Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
Exponential Growth and the Renewable Surprise Critics of renewable energy have a full quiver of objections of why we should n’t bother developing wind and solar energy .
One of my favorites is when they say , “ Well renewables are nice , but they ...[ more ]
Category : Renewable Energy , News on Large Wind , News on Solar Energy , News on Geothermal
Library of Congress Number Assigned to Wind Energy for the Rest of Us The Library of Congress has assigned the Control Number 2016912305 for the title .
The process is n’t complete until a printed copy of the book is received by the Library of Congress .
We do n’t expect ...[ more ]
Category : Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us , book Reviews
Why wind power opponents failed in Brandenburg A campaign calling for two kilometers between a turbine and the nearest built environment for new wind farms has failed .
State politicians are nonetheless looking for ways to increase acceptance .
Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
Study projects economic impact of wind farms in Illinois
The state 's 25 largest wind farms generate $ 30.4 million in annual property taxes and $ 13.86 million in extra income each year for landowners who lease their land to wind farm developers , according ...
Category : News on Large Wind
A Step Backwards for Wind in Poland
The act against wind turbines imposes a number of restrictions on producers of wind energy ( except for micro installations and offshore wind farms ) .
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
Small & Distributed Wind Capacity in Britain & USA Britain , with one - fifth the population of the USA , installed 560 MW of wind generating capacity in distributed applications from 2010 through 2015 .
This represents more than three times the MW per ...[ more ]
Category : News on Small Wind
Authorities release ID of man who died in wind turbine construction project Authorities say a 31 - year - old from Manly died Thursday in a construction accident at a wind turbine in central Iowa .
Christopher Thompson of Manly was working inside a wind turbine under construction ...
Category : Wind Noise , Health , & Safety
Small Wind Tariffs in Denmark 2016
After a long delay , Denmark is poised to reintroduce a new Feed - in Tariff ( FIT ) program for small wind turbines .
The previous program had been suspended when it reached its cap .
The new program cuts ...[ more ]
Category : Feed - in Tariffs for Small Wind
Contract approved for Montana wind farm project for $ 0.045 / kWh Commissioners decided that Greycliff can arrange a contract of up to 25 years at a price of $ 45.49 per megawatt hour .
That price is less than consumers are paying NorthWestern for power from the ...
Category : News on Large Wind
German researchers study bird deaths in wind farms Unsurprisingly , raptors were found to be the most vulnerable .
The bird everyone in Germany is talking about in the context of wind turbines – the red kite – was not found in the study to an extent ...
Category : Wind Energy & the Environment , Debunking Myths about Wind Energy
Dutch tender award for offshore wind plant is 25 % cheaper than Hinkley C contract The Dutch Government has awarded a contract to build two 350 MW Borssele offshore windfarms for 87 euros per MWh ( £ 74 per MWh ) , some 25 per cent cheaper than the current value of the contract for ...
Category : Nuclear Power , News on Large Wind
Georgia Power Small Wind Demo Raises Questions
Later this year Georgia Power Company , a part of the Southern Company , is installing three small wind turbines as a demonstration .
Is this newsworthy ?
Is it significant in any way ?[ more ]
Category : Small Wind folder
Fleet - Wide Typical Wind Energy Yields in California and the USA
What summary data tells us is that California wind farms generated 13.7 TWh from 6,200 MW of installed capacity in 2014 .
This results in a fleet - wide yield of 2,200 kWh / kW/yr .
This is an important ...[ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind
Fluttering Flags , Can-can , & the Big Men of Wind Energy No .
That title is n’t click bate .
Long ago , in a land far away , I had to give a speech on the future of wind energy .
That ’s not noteworthy ; I do it all the time .
What was noteworthy , though , was that ...[ more ]
Category : News on Large Wind , History of Wind Power
US study finds properties near wind farm enjoy huge increase in value Newly released assessments of nearly 1000 properties in the southern part of El Paso , located near a wind farm southeast of Calhan , found no decrease in property values since the wind farm’s ...
Category : Debunking Myths about Wind Energy
Windtamer Ducted Wind Turbine Finally and Officially Kaput
It went by various incarnations , but it was founded as Windtamer by one Gerald Brock and it finally and officially is gone . [ more ]
Category : Windtamer
Proofread Book Returned to Designer for Final Changes
The proofreader dropped the marked up manuscript in my lap the Friday evening of Memorial Day weekend — all 550 pages of Wind Energy for the Rest of Us. [ more ]
Category : Book Wind Energy for the Rest of Us , book Reviews
The Brock Environmental Center : A Pinnacle of Sustainability — and Resilience
This is the way to do small wind right .
" When Hurricane Joaquin affected the East Coast the first week of October 2015 , the two wind turbines , which were selected for their ability to withstand ...
Category : Rooftop & Urban Wind
Bird Society Leads by Example : Operates Large Wind Turbine at Headquarters
In early 2016 the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds ( RSPB ) installed a large wind turbine at their headquarters in central England .
The 100 - meter ( 330 - foot ) tall turbine was installed at the ...[ more ]
Category : Wind Energy & the Environment , Debunking Myths about Wind Energy , News on Large Wind
Royal Society for Protection of Birds to Install 800 kW Wind Turbine Work begins in Sandy , Bedfordshire on 25 January , and the 100 - metre tall Enercon E - 53 800 kW turbine will generate around 2 m units of green energy every year , equivalent to over half of the ...
Category : News on Large Wind , Wind Energy & the En
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
Microsoft ’s Internet Explorer 6 is almost universally hated by web developers .
It ’s hard to work with and support , but with a few solid techniques , you can make the process less painful .
What “ just works ” in the majority of browsers will almost always require hours of tweaks and workarounds to get it working in IE6 .
With more and more users switching over to newer alternatives such as IE8 , Safari and Firefox hopefully support for IE6 can be dropped sooner rather than later .
In the mean time though many of us have to make sure our sites work in this awful browser .
To make things worse , IE6 is extremely bad at helping developers diagnose problems .
When a JavaScript error occurs , IE6 ’s default behaviour is to display a small error icon in the status bar .
Extremely easy to miss !
Double clicking on this icon will display a popup , and if you then click the “ Show Details ” button you ’ll get the actual details of the JavaScript error .
Unfortunately the detailed error message can be quite cryptic , and probably not too much help in diagnosing the actual problem .
Your best bet is to make a note of the line and column number of the problem and then look that up in the source code .
Fortunately , with the help of Visual Studio and by changing a few IE settings , we can make it much easier on ourselves .
Setting things up
To enable JavaScript debugging in IE we need to change some default settings , which can be accessed from the Tools > Internet Options menu , and then the Advanced tab .
The image below shows the default IE6 settings , with the three settings we ’re interested in highlighted .
Script debugging in IE needs be enabled , which requires us to disable the first option out of the three .
If you also want to debug scripts in other contexts ( such as Outlook ) then disable the second option .
Enable the third option if you ’d like the JavaScript error dialog to pop up automatically instead of being displayed as a small icon in the status bar .
After changing those settings and restarting IE , we ’re ready to start debugging .
All of the following examples show Visual Studio 2005 , but the same applied to 2008 .
You can also use the free Web Developer Express Edition if you do n’t own a full copy of Visual Studio .
Instead of IE prompting you to open the debugger , as it does in the examples below , you ’ll first need to create a project and then start the debugger yourself .
From that point on everything is the same .
Basic debugging
Let ’s start with a simple example .
The code below tries to call a function that does n’t exist :
< script type =" text / JavaScript " > functionDoesNotExist ( ) ; </ script >
Now when we load that up into the browser instead of the tiny icon in the status bar IE will prompt us to open a debugger .
Selecting Visual Studio and clicking the yes button will open Visual Studio and highlight the code that is the cause of the problem .
For relatively simple errors , such as the one in the example above , just seeing the actual cause of the error highlighted is probably enough for us to work out what has gone wrong , and how to fix it .
In more complex cases , however , we ’ll need more information .
This where the Visual Studio debugging features come in really handy .
In the code below we have a function , performAction , which takes a function as an argument and calls that function once it ’s done .
You ’ll commonly see this sort of thing in JavaScript with asynchronous functions such as setTimeout and jQuery ’s Get .
There is a problem with the code below though :
We ’re accidentally passing in a string to performAction rather than a function .
< script type =" text / JavaScript " >
/** * Perform an imaginary action , and then * call the callback function once we 're done */ function performAction ( callback ) { //
Perform an action here // ... //
We 're done , call the callback callback ( ) ; } // Call performAction with an anonymous // callback function which contains an error var myFunc = " this is a string , not a function ! " ; performAction ( myFunc ) ; </ script >
If we load up the code in IE and then debug it in Visual Studio as we have before we ’ll see that the code “ callback ( ) ; ” is highlighted , and is therefore the cause of problem .
It wo n’t be obvious why this line is causing the problem though , not unless we know what the value of callback is .
If callback was actually a function then there would n’t be a problem at all .
The problem has only arisen because we accidentally passed in a string .
This is where the “ locals ” window comes in handy .
It lists all local variables along with their value and type .
To display this window go to the Debug menu , then Windows , and then select Locals .
With the locals window displayed it ’s clear that the problem is that callback is a string , rather than a function .
The locals window does n’t just support basic types such as integers and strings .
If you ’ve got a local object you can look at all of its properties and see the value and type of each of them , as we ’ll see in the next example .
The ‘ debugger ’ keyword
The ‘ debugger ’ keyword , also supported by the Firefox JavaScript debugger Firebug , can really help us to track down problems .
Below is a slightly modified version of the previous example , where this time the callback function is passed an object that should include a status and message property .
The message property has been misspelled though :
< script type =" text / JavaScript " >
/** * Perform an imaginary action , and then * call the callback function once we 're done */ function performAction ( callback ) { //
Perform an action here // ... //
We 're done , call the callback callback ( {success : true , mesage : ' The action was performed !'} ) ; } //
Call performAction with an anonymous // callback function which contains an error performAction ( function ( response ) { alert ( response.message ) ; } ) ; </script >
Because ‘ message ’ has been misspelt as ‘ mesage ’ in the performAction function when we run this code in IE we ’ll see a popup alert with the message “ undefined ” , rather than the actual message we were hoping to see .
In a large project it can be difficult to track down why a property we expect to exist is undefined .
Instead of trawling through lots of code we can simply add the line “ debugger ; ” above the alert statement .
IE will then automatically prompt us to debug the code in Visual Studio when it hits that line .
From the locals window we can see that the ‘ message ’ property has been misspelt .
Using the call stack window , which can be accessed in the same way we accessed the locals window , shown at the bottom right of the above screenshot we can work out exactly where this problem occurred .
If we double click on the ‘ performAction ’ line , the previous statement in the call stack , we ’ll see the source of the error .
While debugger statements can be a useful tool in helping you track down problems you should be careful not to leave them in your production code !
More advanced debugging
So far we ’ve covered some basic examples , such as calling non-existent functions and undefined properties .
Using the locals and call stack windows it was relatively straight forward to track these issues down .
There are times when the techniques we ’ve discussed so far ca n’t help though .
We ca n’t see what global variables exist or what value they have with the locals window , for example , and the call stack does n’t always handle remotely loaded or dynamically executed code very well .
For these situations we must turn to the immediate window .
It is by far the most powerful debugging tool that Visual Studio has to offer , allowing us to evaluate JavaScript expressions on the fly .
The immediate window can be accessed in the same way that we accessed the other windows .
Clicking inside the window will give it focus .
We can then type JavaScript statements directly into the window and see the result .
For example , type “ window ” followed by enter and you ’ll get a print out of everything in the global scope .
When combined with the JavaScript arguments variable we can look in detail at all the current function arguments and the calling function .
While the code in the next example is n’t something you ’re likely to see in a real project , it does help to demonstrate techniques that can be extremely useful .
< script type =" text / JavaScript " >
/** *
This function takes a variable number of arguments . */ function performAction ( ) { //
We 're just interested in the immediate // window , start the debugger debugger ; } // Call performAction with 4 different arguments , each of a different type performAction ( ' argument 1 ' , 2 , {argument : 3} , function ( ) { return 4 ; } ) ; </ script >
We ’ll load this up into IE and then go straight to the immediate window once we ’ve opened up the debugger .
If we type “ arguments ” followed by enter we ’ll see the following information displayed :
arguments {...} [ 0 ] : " argument 1 " [ 1 ] : 2 [ 2 ] : {...} caller : null length : 4
The “ { …} ” tells us that arguments is an object .
We also see this next to [ 2 ] , so we know that the third argument ( in array position 2 ) is an object .
We can see what properties this object has by simply typing its name into the window :
arguments [ 2 ] {...} argument : 3
The fourth argument was n’t listed in the original output because it ’s a function .
We know it exists though because the length property tells us that there are 4 arguments .
We can also confirm it is there using typeof :
typeof arguments [ 3 ] " function "
Unfortunately the immediate window is n’t quite so helpful with functions as it is objects , and if we type in the name of the function we just see “ { …} ” rather than any details of the function itself .
Fortunately there is a handy workaround .
If we type “ alert ( arguments [ 3 ] ) ; ” then the function code will be displayed in an alert dialog :
Hopefully these examples have conveyed just how powerful the immediate window is .
Summary
With the help of Visual Studio it is possible to transform IE6 from obscure error messages into an effective debugger .
By using the local and call stack windows we can quickly and easily track down the majority of problems .
The debugger statement allows us to automatically jump into the debugger at any point in our code .
Should we come up again a more complex where the other tools can’t help us then we can always turn to the immediate window , which allows us to execute arbitrary JavaScript to inspect the current environment .
Viruses can often be seen in a very poor light , but they are n’t all bad .
In fact , we humans probably would n’t exist without viruses .
Author Michael Brooks writes about the upside of sharing the planet with these ruthless killer machines .
Here are the top 10 reasons to love viruses .
Ah - Choo !
10 .
The virus gave us complex life
Evolution ’s greatest innovation – the cell nucleus – is thought to have come from a virus ( http://www.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/summary/305/5685/766).
The cell nucleus and a virus are packaged DNA encased in a protein coating .
In some relatively simple organisms , such as red algae , the nucleus can move between cells in a manner that suggests the mechanisms of viral infection .
While bacteria package their DNA in circular chromosomes , cell nuclei and viruses use linear packages .
The evidence is not yet conclusive , but extremely suggestive .
And if an opportunistic virus had one day infected a bacterium and taken control rather than destroyed it , it would certainly have outcompeted anything in the neighborhood .
9 . The best one comes from Bradford
Ok , so that ’s not a very scientific take on why we should appreciate the virus .
But there ’s a certain poetry to the fact that , while gene pioneer Craig Venter was sailing the exotic Sargasso seas in search of new viruses , the biggest shakeup in virology came from a monster found in what may be England ’s least glamorous town .
Mimivirus was discovered in 1991 , in the water of a hospital cooling tower as Bradford ’s public health officials searched for the source of a particularly nasty pneumonia outbreak .
Mimivirus was so big – 30 times as big as the virus that gives you a cold – microbiologists thought it was a bacterium at first .
It also contains far more DNA than scientists associate with viruses .
Mimivirus is particularly fearsome because it is virtually indestructible .
But infection by mimivirus is survivable .
A technician in a Marseille hospital who was working with the virus accidentally infected himself .
It gave him an unremarkable bout of pneumonia , and he ’s all better now .
8 . Almost all our DNA comes from viruses
Around 8 per cent of your DNA is unmistakably viral in origin .
Between 40 and 50 per cent is suspiciously virus - like , and most of the rest of our genes behave like viral genes , replicating in much the same way .
It seems we are , in many respects , the product of viral activity .
Who do you think you are ?
If you ’re looking for your ancestors , you could do worse than look to the oft - reviled virus .
7 . They have unknown potential
When Craig Venter , the human genome pioneer , took samples of the Sargasso Sea , his team found more than 1800 new species of virus containing more than 1.2 million new genes .
Every 200 litre bucket contained millions of viruses never before seen by humans .
But that ’s nothing : a milliliter of water from Lake Plussee in Germany was found to contain 254 million virus particles .
It could prove rather useful in healthcare : estimates suggest there are more bacteria - killing viruses in the biosphere than all other life - forms put together .
6 . They drive scientists crazy ( are they alive or not ? )
No one can agree on whether viruses should be considered part of biology , or chemical parasites on biology .
They contain genetic material , but rely on other creatures to process it .
To complicate matters further , many viruses contain more genetic material than some bacteria , and bacteria are definitely part of the living world .
So , depending on which definition of life you choose – and there are many to choose from – viruses can be thought of as part of the biosphere or just plain old chemistry .
5 . They have n’t always been parasites
As scientists discover more and more viruses , they are analyzing the DNA inside their protein crystal heads and finding that viruses may once have had an independent existence
The trunk of the tree of life is supposed to be split into three branches .
The eukaryotes are the advanced organisms whose large and complex cells contained a nucleus that held inheritable information .
The bacteria have cells without a nucleus .
The archaeans are a bit like bacteria , but have a distinct genetic heritage , and are often found in extreme environments , such as hot springs .
Genetic evaluations of viruses suggest they evolved before this split occurred , in which case the parasitism may be a later development .
4 . They are the driver behind evolution
The way viruses cut and paste DNA has led them to create the diversity essential to evolution by natural selection ( http://cvr.bio.uci.edu/learn.html).
Many viruses do not just replicate at will and destroy their hosts , but insert themselves into the host ’s genome and replicate only when the cell divides .
Genetic analysis of every living organism has revealed the presence of viral DNA , and occasionally this is useful information that encodes something the cell can use .
In this scenario , viral DNA can radically alter what an organism does – leading to new evolutionary directions .
3 . They can beat antibiotic - resistant bacteria
Doctors have known for around a century that viruses can be used to kill bacteria .
In 1917 , for example , Canadian microbiologist Félix d’Hérelle cured children of dysentery overnight by giving them a solution containing bacteria - destroying viruses .
In the age of antibiotics , however , viruses were left on the sidelines .
With the advent of antibiotic resistance , the viruses are coming off the bench .
Bacterium - eating viruses have been harnessed by researchers at University College London to deal with particularly problematic ear infections , for example .
It is not yet clear whether bacteria can evolve resistance to attack by virus .
2 . They can deliver gene therapy
Viruses have been used as carriers to transfer genes into the eyes of four people who suffer from hereditary blindness .
The result was significantly improved sight .
The hope is that disabled viruses can be used to treat many genetic diseases .
Viruses are also being used to deliver genetic material that can help cure AIDS .
1. Viruses might cure cancer
Reovirus , which is relatively harmless to humans , is in trials as a “ booster ” for anti-cancer drugs .
It works by infecting cancer cells that have a mutated form of the Ras gene .
The mutated Ras causes runaway cell growth , but also makes the cells vulnerable to the virus .
Trials show that reovirus kills these cells , helping anti-cancer drugs do their work .
Researchers in a Nagasaki hospital have found that a virus that occasionally cause leukemia seems to cut the chances of developing stomach cancer by one - third
Epstein - Barr virus , which is carried by 90 per cent of people worldwide , produces no symptoms in most of us .
Sometimes , though it can lead to a leukaemia - like cancer called Burkitt ’s lymphoma ( http://www.cancerhelp.org.uk/help/default.asp?page=119#viruses).
But the virus can also be used to battle the cancer .
It produces enzymes that can be tagged with radioactive molecules to make the cancer show up in scans .
And studies show the virus ’s hijacking of cell machinery can be used to burst and kill tumor cells .
Michael Brooks is a consultant for New Scientist magazine , and the author of 13 Things That Do n’t Make Sense : The Most Baffling Scientific Mysteries of Our Time .
Article was reprinted from http://www.timesonline.co.uk
Photo by xaminmo
Liked it ?
Take a second to support Toptenz .net on Patreon !
Other Articles you Might Like
Short version : dump your production database into a git repository for an instant backup solution .
Long version : keeping backups of production data is fundamental for a well - run web application , but it ’s tricky to maintain history while keeping disk usage at a reasonable level .
You could continually overwrite the backup with the latest data , but you risk automatically replacing good data with bad .
You could save each version in a separate , timestamped file , but since most of the data is static , you would end up wasting a lot of disk space .
When you think about it , a database dump is just SQL code , so why not manage it the same way you manage the rest of your code — in a source code manager ?
Setting such a scheme up is dead simple .
On your production server , with git installed :
mkdir -p / path/to/backup cd / path/to/backup mysqldump -u [ user ] - p[ pass ] --skip-extended - insert [ database ] > [ database ] .sql git init git add [ database ] .sql git commit -m " Initial commit "
The -- skip - extended - insert option tells mysqldump to give each table row its own insert statement .
This creates a larger initial commit than the default bulk insert , but makes future commits much easier to read and ( I suspect ) keeps the overall repository size smaller , since each patch only includes the individual records added / updated / deleted .
From here , all we have to do is set up a cronjob to update the backup :
0 * * * * cd / path / to / backup && \ mysqldump -u [ user ] - p[ pass ] --skip-extended - insert [ database ] > [ database ] .sql && \ git commit - am " Updating DB backup "
You may want to add another entry to run git gc every day or so in order to keep disk space down and performance up .
Now that you have all of your data in a git repo , you ’ve got a lot of options .
Easily view activity on your site with git whatchanged - p .
Update your staging server to the latest data with git clone ssh://[hostname]/path/to/backup .
Add a remote on Github and get offsite backups with a simple git push .
This technique might fall down if your app approaches Craigslist - level traffic , but it ’s working flawlessly for us on SpeakerRate , and should work well for your small - to medium - sized web application .
Top Gear
Plusnets ' Community Blog Said :
" Certainly though the potential reveal has caused people to tune in to Top Gear in droves and the convenience of " Certainly though the potential reveal has caused people to tune in to Top Gear in droves and the convenience of iPlayer has meant that many can enjoy an extra hour or two out in the evening sun on the longest day of the year .
So many in fact it ’s set a new Plusnet iPlayer record with 1.31 Gbps of iPlayer streaming traffic being hit between 10 pm and 11 pm this [ SUNDAY ] evening . "
Fans of the popular BBC TV showwo n't be surprised to learn that the premier of its latest season also had a dramatic impact on broadband BBC iPlayer ( Web - based Internet TV ) usage among several UK ISPs , including PlusNet .
The episode featured a dramatic unveiling of THE STIG , a masked race driver whom has been with the series for some years , which contributed to the show ’s popularity .
But was it really THE STIG ..
From Conservapedia
Evolutionary racism refers to a racist philosophy based on Charles Darwin 's evolutionary theory .
It assumes that men have continually evolved , and thus some races are more evolved than others .
It replaces Christian morality with the atheistic " survival of the fittest . "
An example of evolutionary racism is when an evolutionary racist put Ota Benga on display at the Bronx Zoo in the monkey house . [ 2 ]
Steven Crowder , David Barton , and " Tim " discussed the racism of Charles Darwin in a black history segment for Independence Day 2020 , including the original , complete title of The Origin of Species , On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection , or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life , and how that racism inspired Progressive leftist icon Woodrow Wilson , among others .
Darwin actually proposed that blacks were " less evolved " than whites . [ 3 ]
Origin
Evolution establishes a " scientific " rationale for racism by extending the " great chain of being " to humanity .
Just as animal species are ordered into a hierarchy according development , so too the " races of men " are described as being more or less developed than others .
Evolutionists then extend the doctrine of survival of the fittest to humanity .
Removing religious morality and replacing it with the laws of nature , they claim that just as the varieties of animals struggle to survive , so shall the varieties of man , with the strong dominating and destroying the weak .
Darwin himself was a racist and white supremacist .
He predicted mass genocide from his theory , claiming :
“ At some future period not very distant as measured by centuries , the civilised races of man will almost certainly exterminate and replace the savage races throughout the world .
At the same time the anthropomorphous apes ... will no doubt be exterminated .
The break between man and his nearest Allies will then be wider , for it will intervene between man in a more civilised state , as we may hope , even than the Caucasian , and some ape as low as the baboon , instead of as now between the Negro or Australian and the gorilla . [ 4 ] ”
Likewise he compared native populations to animals : " The difference between a Tierra del Fuegian and a European is greater than between a Tierra del Fuegian and a beast . " [ 5 ]
Racist influence
Darwin's writings , which became very influential in the late 19th century , provided an argument for racism .
Harvard University 's staunch evolutionist Stephen Jay Gould stated , " Biological arguments for racism may have been common before 1859 , but they increased by orders of magnitude following the acceptance of evolutionary theory . " [ 6 ]
Stephen Gould also admitted the following about the atheist Ernst Haeckel :
“ Haeckel was the chief apostle of evolution in Germany ....
His evolutionary racism ; his call to the German people for racial purity and unflinching devotion to a " just " state ; his belief that harsh , inexorable laws of evolution ruled human civilization and nature alike , conferring upon favored races the right to dominate others ; the irrational mysticism that had always stood in strange communion with his brave words about objective science - all contributed to the rise of Nazism .
- Stephen J. Gould , " Ontogeny and Phylogeny , " Belknap Press : Cambridge MA , 1977 , ( pp.77-78 ) . [ 7 ] ”
Social Darwinism and evolutionary racism allowed " human zoos " to proliferate in the late 1800s , wherein a supposed evolutionary progression of humans - from apes , to Africans , to West Europeans - were placed in a line .
African and other tribal populations were routinely described as more akin to savage primates than Europeans .
Adolf Hitler and evolutionary , racist genocide
For more information please see : Social effects of the theory of evolution
Darwin 's evolutionary racism would have enormous impact in early 20th century , eventually leading to eugenics programs ( first devised by Darwin 's cousin Francis Galton ) in American and Europe , and also influencing Adolf Hitler .
The staunch evolutionist Stephen Gould admitted the following :
“ [ Ernst ]
Haeckel was the chief apostle of evolution in Germany ....
His evolutionary racism ; his call to the German people for racial purity and unflinching devotion to a " just " state ; his belief that harsh , inexorable laws of evolution ruled human civilization and nature alike , conferring upon favored races the right to dominate others ; the irrational mysticism that had always stood in strange communion with his brave words about objective science - all contributed to the rise of Nazism .
- Stephen J. Gould , " Ontogeny and Phylogeny , " Belknap Press : Cambridge MA , 1977 , pp.77-78 ) . [ 7 ] ”
Robert E.D. Clark in his work Darwin : Before and After wrote concerning Hitler 's evolutionary racism :
“ The Germans were the higher race , destined for a glorious evolutionary future .
For this reason it was essential that the Jews should be segregated , otherwise mixed marriages would take place .
Were this to happen , all nature ’s efforts ' to establish an evolutionary higher stage of being may thus be rendered futile ' ( Mein Kampf ) . [ 1 ] ”
Hitler wrote in Mein Kampf :
“ The stronger must dominate and not blend with the weaker , thus sacrificing his own greatness .
Only the born weakling can view this as cruel , but he , after all , is only a weak and limited man ; for if this law did not prevail , any conceivable higher development ( Hoherentwicklung ) of organic living beings would be unthinkable . [ 6 ] ”
Dr. Robert E.D. Clark wrote in his work Darwin , Before and After the following regarding Hitler and the theory of evolution : “ Adolf Hitler ’s mind was captivated by evolutionary teaching — probably since the time he was a boy .
Evolutionary ideas — quite undisguised — lie at the basis of all that is worst in Mein Kampf — and in his public speeches ” . [ 8 ]
Richard Hickman in his work Biocreation concurs and wrote the following :
“ It is perhaps no coincidence that Adolf Hitler was a firm believer in and preacher of evolutionism .
Whatever the deeper , profound , complexities of his psychosis , it is certain that [ the concept of struggle was important for ] .
. . his book , Mein Kampf clearly set forth a number of evolutionary ideas , particularly those emphasizing struggle , survival of the fittest and extermination of the weak to produce a better society . [ 10 ] ”
Noted evolutionary anthropologist Sir Arthur Keith conceded the following in regards to Hitler : “ The German Fuhrer , as I have consistently maintained , is an evolutionist ; he has consciously sought to make the practices of Germany conform to the theory of evolution ” . [ 8 ]
Pulitzer Prize - winning author Marilynne Robinson wrote the following regarding Hitler 's racism in the November 2006 issue of Harper ’s magazine :
“ While it is true that persecution of the Jews has a very long history in Europe , it is also true that science in the twentieth century revived and absolutized persecution by giving it a fresh rationale —
Jewishness was not religious or cultural , but genetic .
Therefore no appeal could be made against the brute fact of a Jewish grandparent .
[ Richard ]
Dawkins deals with all this in one sentence .
Hitler did his evil " in the name of ... an insane and unscientific eugenics theory . "
But eugenics is science as surely as totemism is religion .
That either is in error is beside the point .
Science quite appropriately acknowledges that error should be assumed , and at best it proceeds by a continuous process of criticism meant to isolate and identify error .
So bad science is still science in more or less the same sense that bad religion is still religion .
That both of them can do damage on a huge scale is clear .
The prestige of both is a great part of the problem , and in the modern period the credibility of anything called science is enormous .
As the history of eugenics proves , science at the highest levels is no reliable corrective to the influence of cultural prejudice but is in fact profoundly vulnerable to it .
There is indeed historical precedent in the Spanish Inquisition for the notion of hereditary Judaism .
But the fact that the worst religious thought of the sixteenth century can be likened to the worst scientific thought of the twentieth century hardly redounds to the credit of science . [ 11 ] [ 12 ] ”
Evolutionist and new atheist Richard Dawkins stated in an interview : “ What ’s to prevent us from saying Hitler was n’t right ?
I mean , that is a genuinely difficult question . " [ 9 ]
The interviewer wrote , regarding the Hitler comment , " I was stupefied .
He had readily conceded that his own philosophical position did not offer a rational basis for moral judgments .
His intellectual honesty was refreshing , if somewhat disturbing on this point . " [ 9 ]
Josef Mengele
For more information see : Josef Mengele
Josef Mengele ( 1911 - 1979 ) was a German physician and researcher who perpetrated the Holocaust in the Auschwitz death camp .
Mengele had obtained a Ph.D. based on the study of racial differences in the anatomy of the jaw .
He was one of the greatest supporters of Nazi theories of racial superiority with questionable research claims .
Dr. Josef Mengele 's evolutionary thinking was in accordance with social Darwinist theories that Adolph Hitler and a number of German academics found appealing . [ 13 ]
Mengele studied under the leading proponents the " unworthy life " branch of evolutionary thought . [ 13 ]
Mengele strongly supported the murder of the physically and mentally disabled .
Dr. Mengele was one of the most notorious individuals associated with Nazi death camps and the Holocaust . [ 14 ]
Dr. Mengele obtained an infamous reputation due to his experiments on twins while at Auschwitz - Birkenau . [ 14 ]
He was known as the " Angel of Death . "
He performed experiments on humans in the concentration camps attempting to prove that disease was the product of racial inferiority and in order to genetically engineer a new species , which was the aim of his organization , the Frankfurt - based Institute of Hereditary Biology and Racial Hygiene .
He amputated healthy limbs and performed other unusual operations on prisoners .
Present impact
While the concept of " race " has since been proven by biology to be nonsense , Evolutionary Racism remains very strong amongst bigoted white supremacist groups , who continue to see race in evolutionary terms and believe in the superior advancement of western " races " .
Racism remains common among evolutionists , despite attempts to hide it :
“ Many of the early settlers of Australia considered the Australian Aborigines to be less intelligent than the ‘ white man , ’ because aborigines had not evolved as far as whites on the evolutionary scale .
In fact , the Hobart Museum in Tasmania in 1984 listed this as one of the reasons why early white settlers killed as many aborigines as they could in that state .
” — Ken Ham , Evolution : The Lie ( 1987 ) , p. 86 .
In addition , evolutionary racism was directed at Michelle Obama . [ 15 ]
Dr. Satoshi Kanazawa is an evolutionary psychologist at the London School of Economics .
Dr. Kanazawa publishes a blog on the Psychology Today website called The Scientific Fundamentalist .
In 2011 , Dr. Kanazawa published the following inappropriate comment which was later pulled by the Psychology Today website :
“ It is very interesting to note that , even though black women are objectively less physically attractive than other women , black women ( and men ) subjectively consider themselves to be far more physically attractive than others . [ 16 ] ”
Kanazawa has a " Savanna principle " hypothesis which speculates that societal problems are due to the human brain supposedly evolving in Africa hundreds of thousands of years ago in a very different environment from modern society . [ 17 ]
Further reading
Richard Weikart , Hitler 's Ethic : The Nazi Pursuit of Evolutionary Progress ISBN 978-0-230-61807-7
ISBN 978-0-230-61807-7 Richard Weikart , From Darwin to Hitler : Evolutionary Ethics , Eugenics , and Racism in Germany ISBN 9781403972019
See also
Well , folks , they 've done it again .
Cable news has now elevated Dick Cheney to a place as high as our new commander in chief .
WTF is wrong with these people ?
When Al Gore gave speeches after a few years , they would be broadcast on CSPAN because the Bushies were in charge , but obviously the networks want this to be the tale of the Duel Between Dick Cheney and Barack Obama .
One is a disgraced former vice president , a torture lover who lied us into two wars and has a lower approval rating than people who identify as Republicans , vs. President Barack Obama , one of the most popular leaders of the free world and the man in charge of cleaning up the mess Cheney and Bush left in their wake .
Greg Sargent :
Looks like Dick Cheney ’s big national security speech at the American Enterprise Institute tomorrow is going to get wall - to - wall cable coverage — giving a major assist to those who hope that his speech will be seen as “ dueling ” with the one that Obama is planning to give on the same topic tomorrow .
Both CNN and MSNBC will be carrying Cheney ’s speech live tomorrow , in addition to carrying Obama ’s , spokespeople for both networks confirm to me , barring the intrusion of some major news event .
Fox News will certainly be all over the Cheney speech tomorrow — a major cataclysm could n’t tear them away from such a big moment .
So that means roadblocked cable coverage for Cheney .
Obama is set to deliver his big speech on national security at 10 A.M. Cheney ’s is set to follow at 10:45 .
Politico framed the story of tomorrow ’s speeches in advance in a piece called : “ Barack Obama , Dick Cheney plan dueling speeches . ”
This , naturally , raised some hackles on the left , where people pointed out that Obama is the Commander in Chief , meaning his national security views have real - world significance , while Dick Cheney is a private citizen who only has his reputation at stake .
In other words , goes this argument , their speeches will only be “ dueling ” if folks in the media make the decision to present them that way .
Republicans , meanwhile , hope that coverage does proceed along these lines , helping to elevate Cheney and taking down Obama a peg or two .
Greg Sargent does a wonderful job as usual .
Looks like the cable newsmen have already made the call .
Cheney 's speech is a side show at a carnival act because the Republicans would rather try to rebrand the Democratic party as socialists while President Obama 's words impact the entire world , but the media heads are only looking for their favorite selling point : " Conflict "
Yes , that sounds about equal .
They want this to be Frazier and Ali , but it 's about a liar and a sadist getting free airtime to attack a president who is trying to restore the country 's footing after eight years of " compassionate conservatism . "
Wars , death , torture , wiretapping , loyalty oaths and moles planted in every department of the government which includes the OLC ( the arm of the government that the Bushies used to try and give them legal cover for the crimes they committed ) are part of Cheney 's legacy .
Is n't this just what the country needs ?
To hear a man trying to repair a record of death and destruction with blood dripping from his hands .
To be continued ....
A2 Hosting service uptime by www.A2HostingReview.org for April 2009 : 99.18 % over the Internet .
A2 HostingReview.org is a very great review site where you can always keep track the service uptime of A2 Hosting , from here you are able to understand and find out how good and bad the server is .
On this month - April 2009 , A2 Hosting ’s service uptime is considered fast and stable , recording at 99.18 % uptime over the month .
There are a total 0f 21 outages running on their servers , less problems / downtimes occurs .
As for the response time of the server is fast , the average response time for the whole month was 0.25 second only .
To use A2 Hosting Coupon , you can save more when ordering your web hosting plan ..
A2 Hosting Coupon $ 6.36 per month : review20 ( valid until 31th Oct 2009 )
Dear Mr Farah ,
I am following all WND 's articles about Obama 's " eligibility . "
It sickens me to see our Congress and the MSM being stone - cold silent on this issue .
It would appear they 're afraid of him !
They took an oath to protect and defend the Constitution , and I 've not heard anyone even mention it , not even the Republicans .
It is sickening and appalling .
I want you to know that a few days ago I received the " Isaiah 9:10 Judgment " DVD set .
That 's a hard - hitting , extremely well - done project , and I 'm very thankful you decided to make it .
I truly must agree that the parallels are stunning and found myself looking at Obama in a new way .
He could be part of the judgment , or at least the removal of God 's hedge of protection and blessing on our country .
I commend you for this film and for WND , one of the few news sources unafraid to tell the truth .
God bless you and yours , Mr. Farah .
Jamie Wilcox
Advertisements
On his radio show today , host Michael Savage claimed that if Mark Sanford was a Democrat , he would n’t have been with a woman .
Savage said that if Sanford was a Democrat , “ He would have been on the Barney Frank side of things . ”
You just like Republicans Larry Craig and Mark Foley were .
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Savage said , “ Thank God he is with a woman that ’s all I could say when I found it out .
I said the reason he is with a woman is he is a Republican .
In other words if it was Democrat , he probably would have been not with a woman .
He would have been on the Barney Frank side of things . ”
It seems to me that all the recent Democratic sex scandals have involved men with women , except for McGreevey in New Jersey .
However on the Republican side , just in the last few years there were gay sex scandals involving Larry Craig , Mark Foley , and Ted Haggard .
This does n’t even include all of the gay Republican officeholders who are afraid to come out , because it will likely cost them their careers .
We get it Savage .
The Democratic Party is the party of homosexuality .
He can keep repeating this on the air , but it does n’t make it true .
If Sanford was a Democrat , right wingers like Savage would be playing up the immorality of his actions , while claiming that he should be removed from office for disappearing from his state .
Most of all , nobody should tell Savage that their are gay people in the GOP .
It has been less than 48 hours since my grandmother died , and I know full well that this is not enough time to give me much perspective .
I write this more in the hopes that it will be cathartic and that it may provide me with something to which I can later return when I have more perspective .
Coming to terms with the death of a loved one is a gradual process , and one which I am merely beginning .
Our collective inability to deal with death in industrialized Western cultures is a central component in many psychological theories and is widely considered to be one of the factors maintaining the cultural importance of religious belief .
We are so uncomfortable with the reality of our mortality that we resort to a variety of mental gymnastics to keep this reality at bay .
These range from subtle psychological defenses to the actual conjuration of supernatural entities on which we impose human characteristics .
I have to say that I understand the appeal of telling myself that my grandmother is " in a better place " even though I know this is false .
There is no better place unless one wants to argue that nonexistence is somehow superior to existence .
But if I could somehow make myself believe this falsehood , I see how it might make me feel better , at least temporarily .
Of course , so would a variety of substances that I no longer ingest , so that is a pretty weak case .
I also understand how my grandmother 's strong Christian faith helped to comfort her , at least initially , as she came to terms with her impending death .
Wait a second , you say , are n't such beliefs supposed to bring peace right up to the moment of death ?
Are n't we always hearing about atheists finding ( only the Christian ) god on their deathbeds ?
Sadly , my grandmother showed me that this is just another convenient fiction manufactured by Christians as a way of avoiding the reality of death .
You see , this devout Christian woman who had been " blessed " with good health and a sharp mind well into her 90s died slowly , gasping for air as her lungs gradually filled with fluid and her heart failed .
Those with her as she died told me that she was conscience , terrified , and repeatedly called on her god to help her .
This went on for more than a week .
Evidently , her god had better things to do .
My mother was there at the bedside to witness this torturous experience .
It was what she wanted , but she was clearly traumatized by the experience .
It was frustrating that the doctors would give my grandmother just enough morphine to make it possible for her to breathe but not enough to do anything about the pain .
As ridiculous at it sounds , they were worried it might kill her .
Remind me to eat a gun well before it gets to that point .
Contrary to what our culture insists , death is not a pretty experience .
Only a tiny minority die peacefully in their sleep in familiar surroundings .
I had hoped that my grandmother would be one , but her destiny lay with most of the rest of us : prolonged agony .
How then , can Christians praise a god who lets this happen to so many ?
It must be that the comfort of the " better place " delusion outweighs the reality of the suffering .
But this is only a guess on my part .
In truth , I have no idea how anyone could find such a god anything but worthy of contempt and disgust .
I 'll tell you one thing - since the Christian god does n't seem to give a damn about how much suffering we humans must endure , we had better figure out how to legalize assisted suicide and make it more accessible .
Nobody deserves to go out this way , and they should n't have to .
Search Results
The requested page could not be found .
However , the following search results may contain what you 're looking for .
Search terms : " crystal " , " nights " , " by " , " greg " , " egan " found in title , content or keywords of the following :
Interzone 215 published on 8th March Interzone 215 published on 8th March Read more …
Items 1 to 1 of 1
Hillsboro , Ore .
BEHIND a giant solar factory here , backhoes are digging away , preparing for a new wing that will quintuple production .
Inside , an outspoken German executive named Boris Klebensberger is fretting about the color of the new carpet .
Samples perch on his window sill alongside floor plans .
Expanding a factory ?
Picking out carpeting ?
Did anyone tell him that there ’s a recession ?
Buoyed by the potential promise of a green economy , Mr. Klebensberger , who heads the American branch of SolarWorld AG , a company based in Bonn , Germany , is ramping up production of solar cells in a retrofitted factory that had its grand opening last October — in the teeth of the financial crisis .
“ Was I worried about our position ?
No ! ” says Mr. Klebensberger , dismissing any hint that he was nervous at the opening .
And he remains just as bullish today .
SolarWorld ’s plant here , which makes enough cells to fit 1,700 solar panels a day , is the biggest of its kind in the United States .
For the residents of Hillsboro , and for the Oregon economy , SolarWorld ’s presence is a welcome boon .
Its employees enjoy being in start - up mode , while others like the cachet of working for a renewable - energy company — which goes down well in outdoorsy Oregon .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The end of the recession is in sight , according to a new survey of leading economists .
While the economy is showing signs of stabilizing , the recovery will be more moderate than is typical following a severe downturn , said the National Association for Business Economics Outlook in a report released Wednesday .
The panel of 45 economists said it expects economic growth will rebound in the second half of 2009 .
However , the group still expects to see a decline in second - quarter economic activity .
" The good news is that the NABE panel expects economic growth to turn positive in the second half of this year , with the pace of job losses narrowing sharply over the remainder of this year and employment turning up in early 2010 , " said NABE president Chris Varvares in a written statement .
Almost three out of four survey respondents expect the recession will end by the third quarter of 2009 , the report said .
But 19 % predicted that a turnaround wo n't come until the fourth quarter , and 7 % said it may not come until early 2010 .
None of the panelists expected the recession to continue past the first quarter of next year .
GDP : The report predicted a 1.8 % decline in real GDP in the second quarter of 2009 , bringing the total year - to - date decrease to 3.7 % .
That 's the biggest drop since 1957 - 1958 , the report said .
Still , " a modest second - half rebound in real GDP is expected , " the report said , with economic growth turning positive in the third quarter .
Real GDP growth over the second half of 2009 is expected to average 1.2 % , which is well below average , the report said .
" Growth in 2010 is slated for a return to near its historical trend , " the report said , predicting a 2.7 % year - over - year increase .
The NABE 's February outlook had predicted a 3.1 % uptick .
Jobs :
The panel forecast a total of 4.5 million jobs lost in 2009 , pushing the unemployment rate to 9.8 % .
Modest gains in 2010 will reduce the rate to 9.3 % by year 's end , the report predicted .
Separate reports this month showed the unemployment rate is currently down in 21 states and stands at 8.9 % nationally .
Deficit : Government spending " will provide vital support to the economy , " and will be the only expenditure sector to grow in 2009 , the report said .
But that spending will help push the federal deficit to a record - high $ 1.7 trillion in the 2009 fiscal year , before falling slightly to $ 1.4 trillion in fiscal 2010 .
Housing : New and existing home sales are close to their lows , with 72 % of NABE panelists expecting sales to hit bottom by the middle of 2009 .
More than 60 % of those surveyed said housing starts would also bottom out at the same time .
The panelists were split on the issue of when home prices will hit their lows : 30 % said it would happen by the third quarter of 2009 ; 30 % said the fourth quarter ; and 40 % said declines will continue into 2010 or later .
The median prediction is that home prices will rise 1 % in 2010 , the report said .
Spending : Widespread job losses and weak income growth have reduced consumer spending and boosted the personal savings rate , the report said .
The savings rate has seen two consecutive quarters of sharp increases , holding above 4 % through March .
More than 70 % of the panelists expect " more thrifty behavior is here to stay , at least for the next five years , " the report said .
Credit : Obtaining long - term and short - term financing is still difficult , which poses a risk to the economy , but 90 % of respondents said actions from the Federal Reserve have helped to ease the credit crunch .
Five - year outlook :
More than half of the NABE economists said they expected potential growth of the U.S. economy over the next five years to be between 2 % and 2.5 % ; 37 % of respondents forecast growth between 2.5 % and 3 % , while 7 % of the panelists said growth will be higher than 3 % .
Farrah Fawcett , an actress and television star whose good looks and signature flowing hairstyle influenced a generation of women and bewitched a generation of men , beginning with a celebrated pinup poster , died Thursday morning in Santa Monica , Calif .
She was 62 and lived in West Los Angeles .
Her death , at St. John ’s Health Center , was caused by anal cancer , which she had been battling since 2006 , said her spokesman , Paul Bloch .
To an extraordinary degree , Ms. Fawcett ’s cancer battle was played out in public , generating enormous interest worldwide .
Her face , often showing the ravages of cancer , became a tabloid fixture , and updates on her health became staples of television entertainment news .
In May , that battle was chronicled in a prime - time NBC documentary , “ Farrah ’s Story , ” some of it shot with her own home video recorder .
An estimated nine million people viewed it .
Ms. Fawcett had initiated the project with a friend , the actress Alana Stewart , after she first learned of her cancer .
One of them seems to want to really bounce , but he 'll need to put on a little more weight first .
LOL
Tags
For much of the world , the period from the 1960s through the early 1980s was an era of ever - greater government intervention into the economy .
The period , an expansion of policy built on an intellectual foundation of Marxism , socialism , corporatism , and progressivism culminated in economic stagnation and inflation in the market - oriented mercantilist - interventionist countries such as the " Great Society " in the United States and economic collapse in the Marxist dominated Soviet block .
Policy was changed and reoriented successfully in country after country toward a framework more consistent with the ideals of capitalism , with outstanding results .
The long period of stagnation and , in many cases , decline were , within several years and to the surprise of many critics , turned into a sustained period of growth and development accompanied by new or renewed prosperity and increasing economic liberty .
Per Brink Lindsey this return to markets was not something forced on policy makers but was a deliberate response to the " wide failures of central planning and top down control . "
Lindsey went on to caution against undue optimism about the continuation of this trend toward greater prosperity :
The world is just beginning to overcome a century - long infatuation with state - dominated economic development ; market competition continues to be hindered by a wretched excess of top - down controls , and at the same time undermined by a lack of supporting institutional infrastructure .
The invisible hand of the market may be on the rise , but the dead hand of the old collectivist dream still exerts a powerful influence .
A major significant failure of the resurgence of market - oriented policies was a failure to reform the monetary system .
This failure left significant control and direction of all aspects of money , credit , and financial flows under central - bank planning and control .
The resulting monetary and financial crisis is not a market failure , but a central - planning failure — an artificial boom is a centrally controlled misdirection of production .
The resulting crisis is a " mini " calculation failure .
This failure to build economic success and freedom on a solid foundation — a market determined money , a sound money — has resulted in two Fed - originated boom - bust cycles in the last ten years .
The most recent and most severe was a direct result of the Fed 's overstimulating the economy in 2002 –2004 in an attempt to postpone a necessary correction .
By keeping the federal - funds rate too low ( as viewed ex post even by mainstream critics ) policy successfully masked the misdirections of production from the previous boom , prevented or postponed the needed corrections , and , predictably , misdirected production in other channels — housing and commercial real estate relative to the earlier dot - com boom — making the necessary redirections more severe .
The most recent crisis has been used by opponents of capitalism to undermine the intellectual foundations of the reforms of the 1980s and '90s .
Critics incorrectly blame the end of the latest boom and current collapse — which is frequently labeled the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression — on laissez - faire capitalism and greed run amok .
The response of voters and policy makers to this crisis , has in the United States , accelerated a return of the dead - hand philosophy , with the result that the proven - failed policies of the past have returned , masked as hope and change .
Some in the press have begun to recognize the correctness of the Austrian arguments on the ultimate cause of the current crisis , credit creation , and monetary expansion made possible by a central bank .
Some may even accept the notion that , once the recession is over , we might discuss monetary reforms to prevent the next boom and bust .
But most continue to labor under the false impression that Austrian policy is too harsh .
Why is what works effectively and efficiently in normal times , too harsh in the times of a bust ?
Ultimately , any good policy , whether for good times or " bad " times , should be based on the same sound principles .
Policy that promotes growth also promotes recovery , since both growth and recovery are really one and the same thing : entrepreneurs hiring resources for new or expanded ventures as they seek profits by providing valuable goods and services to consumers or other business using economic calculation .
Keep in mind that in the dynamic US economy , even in good years , 15 % of the jobs disappear each year .
But their places are quickly taken , and in a growing economy augmented , by new jobs created by startups and expansions .
Entrepreneurial planning based on economic calculation corrects errors in good times and , if allowed , would correct errors in bad .
The essentials for prosperity are everywhere and always the same : economic calculation and entrepreneurial planning augmented by a sound monetary institutional framework , a predictable legal framework that supports property rights and contract enforcement , and highly competitive resource markets .
If we are to better understand why the same policy that generates wealth to begin with is the best policy to follow in a crisis , one should begin with an understanding of the boom - bust process and more sound normative interpretation of the boom and bust .
The standard normative judgment about the phases of the cycle is that a period of booming economic activity is typically considered " good " while the downturn / recession / bust is " bad . "
But it is the boom times that play host to the plague of malinvestments , overconsumption , and misdirected production .
The bust brings readjustment and reestablishes the potential for sustainable growth .
The standard normative judgment is backwards : it is the boom that is " bad , " and thus should be prevented or halted before it proceeds too far .
It is the bust that , from a long - run perspective , is " good . "
Past errors and misallocations of resources are discovered and , if markets are allowed to work , corrected .
The reversed traditional normative interpretation of the cycle phases supports the erroneous view that a central bank brings stability and promotes growth .
The correct theory and normative ordering leads to the conclusion that placing the money supply under government control — control by a central bank — is not good , whether judged by the standard of efficiency or stability .
A central bank is one of the economy 's main destabilizing forces , and the growth that it promotes by money and credit creation is inefficient and unsustainable ; a boom will eventually be followed by a bust .
Given that we have a central bank , and that said bank has created a crisis , what is the appropriate response ?
A good response requires a proper understanding of the correction process — the recession and recovery .
The process of recession and recovery are intricately intertwined .
Recession is the process of discovering previous excessive errors in the allocation of resources — allocations of resources not consistent with underlying preferences and resource availability .
Recovery ( and normal , sustainable growth ) is the process of directing and redirecting resources more efficiently , i.e. , more consistently in line with preferences and inherent scarcity .
Now , if ( as assumed in many economic models ) all resources were perfectly homogenous , and all prices , wages , and interest rates perfectly flexible , then the recession and recovery would be a single , quick , and practically painless process .
As resources were released from declining activities they would be immediately absorbed into expanding industries .
But in the real world , with nonhomogenous resources — including both capital goods and labor — and rigidities in adjustment processes ( and , more importantly , state - induced impediments , both existing and new , to competitive markets ) , the second phase of the process — recovery , the redirection of available resources to more productive uses — significantly lags the first phase of the process , recession .
What then sets the stage for recovery , job creation , and ultimately growth ?
What is common knowledge to most business people , and should be evident to all students of Austrian capital theory , is that a significant portion of current activity is directed not to current , but to future consumption .
Planning , which includes decisions on reinvestment to maintain current levels of production into the future , new investment for expansion , and investment in new enterprises is future oriented .
What we do know from theory and history is that sound money , easy and predictable taxes , a stable legal environment built on a rule of law and contract enforcement , and broadly competitive markets encourage successful long - run planning .
What then is the Austrian answer to today 's problems ?
First , per Hayek and supported by Rothbard , stop the credit creation and inflation .
Second , per Hayek , prevent a secondary deflation , a deflation that may provide no steering function .
Third , remove all government impediments to effective entrepreneurial planning : avoid protectionist measures internationally ; allow prices and wages to adjust as needed to restore market equilibrium .
Fourth , not only cut tax rates , as was done in the incomplete reforms of the 1980s and early in this century , but , per Rothbard , drastically reduce the government budget , both taxes and expenditures .
Instead , we now — unlike the last major crisis period of the early 1980s , where a tighter monetary policy was accompanied by market liberalizations in other areas , including tax reform — see a policy response that is a combination of the earlier failed and discredited policies that brought on the calamities of the 1930s , the 1970s , and the collapse of the economies of the former Soviet states .
Instead of a monetary - policy response that seeks to end monetary expansion while preventing a contraction of the money - spending stream à la Hayek , we see a Fed balance sheet at $ 2 trillion and growing .
There is pressure from some to target not price stability but a 5 – 6 % inflation rate in the CPI and , since some economist believe the correct target for the federal - funds rate is significantly negative and the actual effective limit is zero , for the Fed to undertake operations over and beyond the traditional targeting of the federal - funds rate .
Instead of fiscal constraint and tax decreases , we see massive expansion of government spending , a guaranteed massive tax increase when the 2001 –2003 tax cuts expire automatically in 2010 , threatened ( and actual in some states already ) tax increases on the rich ( those making over $ 250,000 ) , a proposed cap - and - trade policy to fight global warming , which is in fact a massive tax increase on production and on any consumption activity that uses fossil - fuel - based energy .
Instead of privatization , we see major government takeovers of private business in the automotive and financial sectors , which are often conducted in ways that violate contracts and supersede the rule of law .
We see wasteful government misdirections of production through subsidies and directives such as an energy policy that promises " green jobs , " but is an energy policy missing one key ingredient : delivery of affordable reliable energy .
The jobs created would be created in the same way that substituting spoons for shovels would increase employment for grave diggers or , to paraphrase Frédéric Bastiat 's " Petition of the Candlemakers , " in the same way that mandatory restrictions on sunlight would enhance employment for candle makers and other producers of artificial light .
What we have is a significant assault on freedom and the market , which should have predictable long - run negative impacts on the economy .
The period from 1980 to 2000 illustrates how well markets can perform when freed from even some of the collectivist constraints of the past .
Those same twenty years illustrate the ultimate destructive power of money and credit creation to misdirect production and falsify calculation , even in a period of relatively stable prices .
Without a foundation of sound money , cycles are inevitable and destructive .
If the crisis is used as an excuse to bring back the dead hand of collectivist policies , it is not only destructive of short - term economic well - being but also of long - term freedom and prosperity .
Rothbard saw the alternatives for the American economy in the 1980s , without liberal reforms , as a choice between 1929 - type depression or an inflationary depression of massive proportions .
There are other current likely alternatives , the most likely of which is a return of a 1970s - style decade - long period of increasing unemployment and inflation .
Other alternatives resemble the decade - long stagnation of the Japanese economy , or a permanent Eurosclerosis .
There is however still time to turn course and follow the Austrian prescription for future sustainable prosperity .
We can end government intervention in the economy .
Such a policy has been dubbed as draconian , but the pain of a short , severe recession followed by renewed , sustained growth and prosperity may actually be " comfortable and moderate compared to the economic hell of permanent inflation , stagnation , high unemployment , and inflationary depression " that is the likely outcome of a continuation of our current policy path .
PIRSA :C09006 - The Economic Crisis and It's Implications for The Science of Economics - 2009 Subscribe to podcast
The Perimeter Institute conference on economics is being organized in an effort to better evaluate the state of economics as a predictive and descriptive science in light of the current market crisis .
We believe that this requires careful , dispassionate discussion , in an atmosphere governed by the modesty and open mindedness that characterizes the scientific community .
To do this we aim to bring leading economists and theorists of finance together with physicists , mathematicians , biologists and computer scientists to evaluate current theories of markets , and identify key issues that can motivate new directions for research .
The conference will begin on May 1 , 2009 , with a day of invited talks by leading experts to a public audience of around 200 on the status of economic and financial theory in light of the crisis .
We will then continue for three days of focused discussion and workshops with an invited group of around 30 , aimed at defining research agendas that address that question and beginning work on them .
Organizer(s ) : Richard Freeman Bill Janeway Stuart Kauffman Zoe-Vonna Palmrose Lee Smolin Samuel Vázquez Eric Weinstein Philip Goyal
Collection URL : http://pirsa.org/C09006
start 1 | 2 >>
Afirma el Ejecutivo federal que la mortalidad materna es un claro indicador de injusticia social , inequidad de g�nero y pobreza
Ciudad de M�xico | Jueves 28 de mayo de 2009
Notimex | El Universal
14:15
Count it among the shortest " debates " to ever occur in the Oregon House .
" Good bill .
I urge your aye vote , " Rep. Chris Garrett , D - Lake Oswego , said Tuesday about House Bill 2478 .
Any closing remarks ?
" No , " Garrett said firmly .
The proposed new law nobody wants to talk about would make it a second degree sex abuse crime to propel " a dangerous substance at another person . "
That substance being semen or other bodily fluid flung out of sexual desire .
Yep .
Apparently such behavior is part of a gang initiation rituals .
The proposed law follows an incident last June when a man threw his semen on a mother in a Portland area Target store .
Her little girl saw it first .
The man was convicted of assault , said Rep. Scott Bruun , R - West Linn .
But Bruun and others thought the crime should fall into the category of a sexual assault .
" The bodily fluid in question was not the same thing as throwing a coke at somebody , " Bruun said during an interview earlier this month .
He kept quiet Tuesday when the bill hit the House floor .
It passed 57 - 0 and now moves to the Senate .
- Michelle Cole ; michellecole@news.oregonian.com
Cameras to catch speeders and scofflaws are spreading .
If you Get the Feeling You 're Being Watched you probably are .
The village of Schaumburg , Ill. , installed a camera at Woodfield Mall last November to film cars that were running red lights , then used the footage to issue citations .
Results were astonishing .
The town issued $ 1 million in fines in just three months .
But drivers caught by the unforgiving enforcement -- which mainly snared those who did n't come to a full stop before turning right on red -- exploded in anger .
Many vowed to stop shopping at the mall unless the camera was turned off .
The village stopped monitoring right turns at the intersection in January .
Once a rarity , traffic cameras are filming away across the country .
And they 're not just focusing their sights on red - light runners .
The latest technology includes cameras that keep tabs on highways to catch speeders in the act and infrared license - plate readers that nab ticket and tax scofflaws .
Drivers -- many accusing law enforcement of using spy tactics to trap unsuspecting citizens -- are fighting back with everything from pick axes to camera - blocking Santa Clauses .
They 're moving beyond radar detectors and CB radios to wage their own tech war against detection , using sprays that promise to blur license numbers and Web sites that plot the cameras ' locations and offer tips to beat them .
Cities and states say the devices can improve safety .
They also have the added bonus of bringing in revenue in tight times .
But critics point to research showing cameras can actually lead to more rear - end accidents because drivers often slam their brakes when they see signs warning them of cameras in the area .
Others are angry that the cameras are operated by for - profit companies that typically make around $ 5,000 per camera each month .
State police started placing the cameras on highways around Phoenix in November .
In December , a trooper arrested a man in Glendale while he was attacking a camera with a pick ax .
In another incident , a troupe of men dressed as Santa Claus toured around the city of Tempe in December and placed gaily wrapped boxes over several traffic cameras , blocking their views .
Their exploits have been viewed more than 222,000 times on YouTube .
Republican state representative Sam Crump has introduced a bill in the legislature to remove the cameras , which he says were approved " in the dead of night ... as a budget gimmick . "
Some entrepreneurs are trying to help camera opponents fight back .
Phantom Plate Inc. , a Harrisburg , Pa. , company , sells Photoblocker spray at $ 29.99 a can and Photoshield , a plastic skin for a license plate .
Both promise to reflect a traffic - camera flash , making the license plate unreadable .
California passed a law banning use of the spray and the plate covers , which became effective at the beginning of this year .
A free iPhone application available on Trapster.com lets drivers use their cellphones to mark a traffic cam or speed trap on a Google map .
The information on new locales is sent to Trapster 's central computer , and then added to the map .
Studies are mixed on whether traffic cameras improve safety .
Some research indicates they may increase rear - end collisions as drivers slam on their brakes when they see posted camera notices .
A 2005 Federal Highway Administration study of six cities ' red - light cameras concluded there was a " modest " economic benefit because a reduction in side crashes due to less red - light running offset the higher costs of more rear - end crashes .
rear - end experience
To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
Scott Gilbert is – by day – a mild - mannered , cautious - sounding consultant for the Investors Group .
Come nightfall , he and the rest of the York Simcoe Amateur Astronomers gather on a farm and aim their pupils into the velvet blackness , seeking planets , constellations and meteors .
This weekend , however , Gilbert , 67 , the group 's president , will gather as many of his loyal members as he can and , for the first time , look downward – at this plebeian , pedestrian planet – and scour the farmland , muck and swamp of rural Newmarket .
The reason : On Sunday , March 15 , at 8:37 p.m. , for four seconds , a fireball roared through the blackness ; five automated cameras caught what an expert figures are fragments tumbling down to Earth , into Ontario horse country .
" Our normal observing site is out off the York - Durham line , which is sort of the eastern boundary of where they think this thing may have landed , " Gilbert said .
" I want to find out what area they 're concentrating on or how big an area they 're going to look at , and just see if we can get some of the members out . "
He has never looked for meteorites before and experts suspect the largest piece anyone can expect to find is a fist - sized chunk ; that , or several smaller pieces .
Gilbert is skeptical , reserved in the face of the opportunity such an event provides a relatively small amateur astronomy club and its 35 to 40 members .
He figures he can rope four or five .
" Let 's be honest , it is a huge territory and there 's a lot of swamp and stuff .
It could have come down in the bog ... you 're not going to find anything there , " Gilbert said , half - laughing , half - sighing .
" You could have 10,000 people walking up and down that area and you would n't find a thing . "
To make the quest – which he likens to the classic needle in the haystack – even more unlikely is that " a lot of it 's open farmland and they 're starting to plow . "
But , he added : " We might get lucky . "
The meteor , or shooting star , was caught by five cameras in southern Ontario , said Kim Tait , associate curator of mineralogy at the Royal Ontario Museum .
Black - and - white videotapes show a bright , four - second streak that peters out at the end .
" We 've spent a lot of time calculating where we think it fell , " Tait said yesterday .
" The more eyes we have on the ground the better . "
" We 'd like to hear from anybody who saw it , " said Phil McCausland , head of the network of astronomical cameras , operated by the Centre for Planetary Science and Exploration at the University of Western Ontario , that captured the meteor .
" The colour ( of a flying meteor ) can range from brilliant and emerald greens to , more commonly , yellows or reds , " McCausland said .
Eyewitnesses could add detail to the videotape record and help pinpoint where any debris landed , he said .
Witnesses and meteorite finders can call Tait at 416-586-5820 .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
To help increase the slim chances of spotting the meteorite material over the wide possible swath between Newmarket and Lake Simcoe , Tait is to hold a public information session in Newmarket on Monday .
She will be in the main room of the Public Library , near Main St. and Davis Dr. , between 1 p .m. and 4 p.m. , with meteorites from the ROM collection that people can see and touch .
Similar space rocks can be seen on the museum 's second floor .
Last month 's meteor was similar to two others over southern Ontario a year ago , McCausland said .
One is thought to have crashed into Georgian Bay , the other into fields north of Guelph .
Last November , a spectacular meteor over Buzzard Coulee at the Alberta - Saskatchewan border deposited thousands of kilograms of fragments that are still being collected .
" Meteorites that fall to the ground are the only hard information we have from our solar system , " Tait said .
" They are small jigsaw - puzzle pieces waiting to be analyzed and every little bit counts . "
Graham Wilson , a geological consultant with a 30 - year interest in meteorites who catalogues them for the ROM , elaborated : " The evidence obtained from meteorites can be quite extraordinary .
It includes evidence of the formation of the chemical elements , which in part occurred in very large stars before our solar system was even formed , which is to say , more than 4.567 billion years ago . "
Wilson points out that usually only 1 to 2 per cent of a meteor survives its descent to Earth , unless it happens to be round , in which case it can be upwards of one - third .
" I would volunteer to help ( find it ) , but as it happens , I was looking at a potential meteorite today , which came to me from another province .
Unfortunately ... it seems to be a terrestrial basalt rather than a rock from space , " he said , chuckling .
Colour : Black – sometimes shiny , sometimes matte .
Special Property : Nine out of 10 meteorites are magnetic .
Test with a good magnet .
John Goddard
EDMONTON , Alberta -- The Edmonton Oilers are bringing Pat Quinn back to the NHL .
He 's bringing a gold medal along with him .
The Oilers hired Quinn as coach on Tuesday , hoping his success with Canada at the world junior championships earlier this year can translate to the pros .
Quinn has been out of the league since being fired as coach of the Toronto Maple Leafs following the 2005 - 06 season .
" If I think of leadership , I think of Pat , " Oilers general manager Steve Tambellini said during a news conference .
" If I think of the way you want to be treated as a player , I think of someone like Pat Quinn .
If I think of someone who sets an example morally for an organization of how to go forward , I think of a man like Pat Quinn . "
The Oilers also picked former Rangers coach Tom Renney as associate coach and retained longtime Oiler Kelly Buchberger on staff .
The Oilers will be the fifth NHL team coached by the 66 - year - old Quinn , who succeeds the fired Craig MacTavish .
The two - time NHL coach of the year has 657 career wins in 1,318 games behind the bench with Philadelphia , Los Angeles , Vancouver and Toronto .
" I 'm very happy for this opportunity , " Quinn said .
" Hockey has been my life and I can't think of a better place to continue to work in what I consider to be the greatest job that a man can have . "
Tambellini said the team needed a fresh start behind the bench when he fired MacTavish on April 15 .
Tambellini is familiar with both Quinn and Renney from their days together in Vancouver with the Canucks .
Quinn is a former GM and coach of the club while Renney got his first head coaching job there in 1996 .
He replaced Quinn , who had stepped out of the GM 's office to fill in for the fired Rick Ley at the end of the previous season .
Before joining the Oilers last summer , Tambellini spent several years in Vancouver 's front office .
The Oilers had expected to challenge for the top of the Northwest Division this season but instead slid to 11th in the Western Conference with a record of 38 - 35 - 9 for a total of 85 points .
It was the fifth time in the last seven seasons that Edmonton failed to reach the postseason .
In 2006 , the Oilers lost to Carolina in Game 7 of the Stanley Cup finals .
" The tradition is very , very important to this organization , " Quinn said , " but I 'm looking to the future obviously . "
Quinn led the Leafs to conference finals apperances in 1999 and 2002 and also coached Canada to Olympic gold in 2002 at Salt Lake City .
Information from The Associated Press and ESPN.com NHL writer Pierre LeBrun was used in this report .
EA CEO John Riccitiello has a new message for people who want to pirate EA games : go ahead and do it .
" By the way , if there are any pirates you 're writing for , please encourage them to pirate FIFA Online , NBA Street Online , Battleforge , Battlefield Heroes ... " he told IndustryGamers .
" If they would just pirate lots of it I 'd love them .
[ laughs ]
Because what 's in the middle of the game is an opportunity to buy stuff . "
Welcome to the new EA , where you 're not being sold a game , you 're being sold a store .
Sims 3 was leaked weeks before the game was supposed to be released , along with a warning not to allow the game to connect online .
The torrent file also urged people to buy the game if they liked it ; a cynical person might say that it sounds like more of a marketing plan than a leak .
Riccitiello even jokes that this was a " secret " marketing program for a large - scale demo , focused on Poland and China .
He denies that the leak came from EA , though .
EA has some built - in protection against pirates when it comes to Sims 3 .
A large percentage of the content is n't even saved on the disc : you have to go online and activate the title to get the rest of the game .
" A huge amount of the gameplay is an overlay for the community , where you are sampling assets created by other people .
So for the pirate consumer , they do n't get the second town , they do n't get all the extra content , and they do n't get the community , " Riccitiello explained .
EA had sent me a copy of the game to check out , and while installing I noticed there was a 3GB update that needed to be installed to play .
EA thinks this is the secret to stopping — or at least curbing — piracy : games should be services , not products .
Or at least products that should be selling other products .
We already knew that EA would like to turn Tiger Woods into a subscription - based product , and Sims 3 is a game that wants you to constantly be creating , downloading , and buying new virtual items .
The old business model was selling expansion packs , but that was too complicated : why not cut out the retailers and turn the game into its own store to sell the products ?
" I'm a longtime believer that we 're moving to selling services that are disc - enabled as opposed to packages that have bolt - ons ....
So the point I 'm making is , yes I think that 's the answer [ to piracy ] . "
Riccitiello told IndustryGamers .
" And here 's the trick : it 's not the answer because this foils a pirate , but it 's the answer because it makes the service so valuable that in comparison the packaged good is not .
So you can only deliver these added services to a consumer you recognize and know ...
So I think the truth is we 've out - serviced the pirate . "
The Sims is a great testbed for this approach : the audience trends more towards the casual , and the frequest expansion packs have historically sold very well at retail .
This is an audience that 's ready for microtransactions , and may actually welcome buying content at a trickle instead of spending $ 30 a throw for a new disc every few months .
Battlefield Heroes is likewise going to be a free product with for - pay aesthetic updates , and EA recently turned its card - game - slash - strategy - title Battleforge into a free - to - play product where you can buy extra cards if you tire of the hand you 're dealt in the initial download .
Some of these moves may be experiments , and Battleforge may have simply failed to sell , but EA is certainly interested in expanding the idea of how games are sold and consumed .
I am certainly not the first person to invent drunken sledding , but I may be the first to propose this competitive variant !
( I take no responsibility if you end up dead in the snow because you did something somebody talked about in an online comic strip ) Meanwhile , in an alternate universe , things go in an entirely different direction .
See you tomorrow .
bonus shot : sinful mushroom bourguignon
YUM .
Photographed with Nikon D300 , 60 mm micro lens .
In our house , Marcus does most of the cooking .
I mean , I cook , but I 'm one of those people who can read a recipe , and know a couple of tricks to make it taste a bit better ; Marcus , however , can take an old peach , a strip of bacon and a match , and make cuisine .
He is a cooking MacGyver , that man .
So , some time ago , while I was on an online quest for good vegetarian food , I was surfing one of my new favourite reads , Smitten Kitchen .
I came upon their recipe for mushroom bourgignon , and immediately my mouth started watering .
It looked amazing .
I printed it out , and gave it to Marcus .
" Dude , you have got to make this , " I said breathlessly , " but make it your own . "
Since that time , Marcus has made this dish on several occasions , and he has finally has come up with a version that he loves ( and one that Alex and I positively crave ) .
I love this recipe , because it's one of those dishes that can make a carnivore forget they 're eating vegetarian -- not that it tastes like meat ( because it does n't ) , but because it 's so rich and full - bodied , you can totally forgive the absence of meat .
And so , with all due and well - deserved respect to Smitten Kitchen ( because let me tell you , Deb and Alex over there are positive culinary artists ) , the following is Marcus ' version .
Instead of egg noodles , Marcus serves his with his famous roasted potatoes , for a bit of a different stick - to - your - rib - ocity .
COMPLETELY SINFUL MUSHROOM BOURGIGNON
1 - 1/2 pounds fresh whole mushrooms , each mushroom cut in half
3 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 large carrots , diced coarsely
1 large onion , finely chopped
14 oz petite whole onions ( thaw if frozen )
2 cups vegetable broth ( once , in a pinch , Marcus used a packet of onion soup mix dissolved in 2 cups hot water , and that worked beautifully as well )
1 tablespoon fresh thyme , chopped
4 cloves garlic , minced
1/2 bottle of full - bodied red wine
1 tablespoon flour
a dash of Worcestershire sauce ( we use Annie 's Vegan Worcestershire sauce , to make it fully vegetarian )
2 tablespoons tomato paste
salt & pepper to taste
1. Saute mushrooms in 1 - 1/ 2 tablespoon of butter and 1 tablespoon of oil on high heat .
Add salt and pepper to taste .
Once the mushrooms have begun to water and have browned , remove to a dish , and set aside .
2 . In original pot , add remaining tablespoon of olive oil .
Saute large onion and carrots on medium heat , until the onion carmelizes ( about 10 minutes ) .
Add thyme and garlic , mix well .
3. Increase to high heat .
Add wine .
Once the mixture begins to boil , reduce heat to simmer .
Simmer until mixture is reduced by half ( about 10 minutes or so ) .
4 . While wine mixture is simmering , melt remaining 1 - 1/ 2 teaspoons of butter in a separate dish , and add flour .
Mix well into a thick paste .
Set aside .
5 . Once wine mixture has been reduced , add mushrooms .
Add vegetable broth .
Return to boil ; once boiling , reduce heat to simmer for about 15 minutes .
6 . Add the Worcestershire sauce , petite whole onions and tomato paste .
Simmer for 10 more minutes .
7 . Add flour / butter mixture , and simmer for 5 more minutes .
Enjoy !
This serves about 4 people .
Mr Goldstone headed the UN tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and Rwanda A UN inquiry into possible war crimes in Gaza will go ahead even if Israel does not co-operate , says Richard Goldstone , who leads the inquiry team .
Mr Goldstone said he was " disappointed " Israel had given no positive response , and said his team would enter Gaza via Egypt if Israel refused them visas .
The UN wants to investigate whether Israel and Hamas committed war crimes during the January conflict in Gaza .
Israel accuses the UN branch carrying out the mission of bias against it .
The UN Human Rights Council has been accused of singling out Israel unfairly , and is viewed by some as having less credibility than other parts of the UN .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But correspondents say the selection of Mr Goldstone , a respected South African war crimes prosecutor who is also Jewish , as head of the inquiry has given it greater clout .
Public hearings
Mr Goldstone said his team had hoped to visit southern Israeli towns which have suffered Palestinian rocket fire , before entering Gaza from Israel .
But if Israel failed to allow the investigators passage , entering through the Rafah crossing on the Egypt - Gaza border would be a " second choice " .
He said that after talks with UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon , the team had decided to hold a series of public hearings .
Israel has been accused of war crimes for air raids in heavily populated areas
If these could take place in the Middle East " so much the better " , but if not they would be held in Geneva , with witnesses flown in or testifying via video link , he said .
Most Palestinians in the Gaza Strip are unable to leave because of Israel 's blockade on the territory .
Israel has given no official response to the inquiry team , but media reports have suggested it does not plan to co-operate .
Israeli ambassador in Geneva Leshno Yaar told Associated Press earlier that the council treats Israel " unfairly " and that " justice can not be the outcome of this mission " .
Inquiry conclusions Several investigations into alleged violations of international law during Israel 's 22 - day operation in Gaza , which ended on 18 January , have now reported back .
Mr Ban has requested more than $ 11 m ( £ 7 m ) compensation from Israel for damage to UN property in Gaza , after a limited UN inquiry accused Israel of targeting known civilian shelters and providing untrue statements to justify actions in which civilians were killed .
The report found Israel to blame in six out of nine incidents when death or injury were caused to people sheltering at UN property and UN buildings were damaged .
The Israeli military has concluded in an internal investigation that its troops fought lawfully , although errors did take place , such as the deaths of 21 people in a wrongly targeted house .
Meanwhile , a fact - finding team commissioned by the Arab League said there was sufficient evidence for the Israeli military to be prosecuted for war crimes and crimes against humanity , and that " the Israeli political leadership was also responsible for such crimes " .
It also said Palestinian militants were guilty of war crimes in their use of indiscriminate attacks on civilians .
About 1,300 Palestinians died in the January conflict .
Israeli and Palestinian estimates differ on the numbers of civilian casualties .
Ten Israeli soldiers were killed , including four by friendly fire , and three Israel civilians died in rocket attacks by Palestinian militants .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I 'd tell you to take the kids on the mixed train ....
It was fun even for a raiload victim like me - ferroequinologist father .
Most of us have no need for Panasonic 's Toughbook - 30 :
Its specs are unremarkable and the 13.3 - inch laptop weighs over 8 pounds .
But then , our mortal laptops could never survive the ridiculous , almost cartoony beating Forbes gave it .
Advertisement
Forbes 's intrepid testers used the Toughbook to crush soda cans , used the screen as a dartboard , ran over it with a Volkswagen , gave it to a tiger as a chew toy , had an elephant stomp on it multiple times , and then the to top it all off , shot it with a .22 pistol .
And the damage ?
The only things that managed to do any lasting damage were the elephant and the gun ; the elephant put two cracks in the case ( purely cosmetic , however ) , and the gun did actually pierce the screen .
But !
The damn thing was still usable even after being shot !
It never once ceased to boot and Forbes claims they were able to log into Windows even with a hole in the screen .
Advertisement
We ourselves have absolutely no use for the Toughbook - 30 , but we 're tempted to get one in case we ever get that pet elephant we 've always wanted .
[ Forbes ]
For Immediate Release
April 1 , 2005 You Are What You Listen to : Users of Digital Music Sharing System Judge Others by their Playlists Co-workers sharing digital music in the workplace via Apple Computer ’s popular iTunes® software form impressions of each other based on their musical libraries , according to a new study by human - computer interaction researchers .
Georgia
Tech researcher Beki Grinter shows a digital music playlist produced by iTunes software .
The researchers studied how collections of music shared within a mid-sized company affected how co-workers perceived one another .
Georgia Tech Photo : Gary Meek Dowload 300 dpi image Employees in a mid-sized U.S. company reported that they consciously worked to portray themselves in certain ways through the collections of music they shared with co-workers , some of whom they barely knew .
Sometimes their self - portrayals were misread by co-workers with different musical interests and knowledge .
Nevertheless , music sharing served to build a community within the workplace researchers studied .
This finding has design implications for music - sharing technologies that are primarily created as individual jukeboxes , according to researchers from the Georgia Institute of Technology and Palo Alto Research Center ( PARC ) , who will present their findings April 5 at the Computer - Human Interaction ( CHI 2005 ) conference in Portland , Ore .
The study was funded by PARC and the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) .
“ People sharing music in our study were aware of the comings and goings of others in the office because they noticed the appearance and disappearance of others ’ music on the network , ” said Amy Voida , lead author of the paper and a Ph.D. student at Georgia Tech .
“ They imagined what other people might think about their music collections , and they were aware of the musical holes left when someone left the company … .
What once was an individual jukebox became a music community . ”
A digital music playlist is reflected in the glasses of Georgia Tech researcher Beki Grinter .
The researchers studied how collections of music shared within a mid-sized company affected how co-workers perceived one another .
Georgia Tech Photo : Gary Meek Dowload 300 dpi image Digital music sharing among people on the same local area network became possible with iTunes in 2003 when Apple added the optional feature to its dual - platform software , which was designed primarily for home users .
Users can share their entire digital music libraries or selected playlists .
In contrast to previous online music sharing technologies , iTunes does not support copying music over the Internet .
Music files reside only on their host machine and , when shared , are streamed to another user ’s computer .
Prompted by news reports of college students sharing music in dormitories , Voida and her colleagues investigated whether co-workers are doing the same .
The researchers interviewed 13 iTunes users in one unidentified company to get specific examples of the social aspects of music sharing .
“ In the workplace , music sharing plays with the boundaries around things you as an employee might not want to share with other employees , ” said Beki Grinter , a Georgia Tech associate professor of computing who was a PARC researcher when the study began .
“ We found that sharing your music is actually quite a strong personal statement . ”
Georgia
Tech researchers ( l-r ) Amy Voida , Keith Edwards and Beki Grinter studied how collections of music shared within a mid-sized company affected how co-workers perceived one another .
Georgia Tech Photo : Gary Meek Dowload 300 dpi image
The researchers ’ report , which is nominated for a best paper award among 350 others , is filled with vignettes that illustrate this finding .
Researchers altered the artists and music genres cited to protect the anonymity of study participants .
When one user decided to share his music , he recalled : “ I just went through it to see if there was not like stuff that would be like , I do n’t know , annoying , that I would not like people to know that I had . ”
Sensing that his library was “ not very cool , ” he added more music to create a “ balanced ” portrayal of himself .
Another participant was worried about what his co-workers would think of the Justin Timberlake and Michael McDonald music he had purchased for his wife and included in his library .
Yet another user crafted his library around his German nationality and collection of German band music he thought others would n’t have .
Meanwhile , other users hid their expertise because they thought their co-workers would not relate to it or find it distasteful .
“ My favorite vignette is about the manager who joined the network , ” Grinter recalled .
“ When the manager showed up and could start looking through people ’s music collections , people began to speculate that the manager ’s presence might be influencing the way others were managing what music they shared . ”
Despite users ’ efforts to portray a certain image with their playlists , these signals sometimes were misread based on the users ’ musical expertise and knowledge , Voida noted .
“ One of the users only listened to classical music , while others in the group liked music like new age , rock and electronica , ” she explained .
“ The others thought that their music libraries distinguished them from their co-workers , but the classical music listener thought they were all the same .
She did not pick up on the nuances , so the impression people thought they were giving off was not what she saw because of her musical background . ”
In another example , two users misperceived each others ’ interest .
“ One of the two had what he believed to be the ultimate James Taylor library , ” Voida said .
“ He wanted everyone to know that if they needed James Taylor , he was their man .
His co-worker was into Irish folk music , and they agreed to share their music with one another so they could learn more about the other ’s music .
One of them said he enjoyed listening to his co-worker ’s music , but the other was n’t listening to his in return , so there was a misunderstanding .
One user overestimated the other ’s interest in his music . ”
Researchers also discovered that users tried to figure out which music collection belonged to which employee .
It became somewhat of a detective game , Voida said .
“ Most people did n’t want to listen to anonymous collections , even though they did n’t always want to talk to the playlists ’ creators , ” Grinter said . “ ….
They went to quite a bit of trouble to figure out which playlists belonged to whom .
It ’s a peculiar social phenomenon .
They do n’t want to live in a completely anonymous world , especially in the workplace . ”
Keith Edwards , also a former PARC researcher who is now an associate professor of computing at Georgia Tech , added : “ iTunes was not designed for the not - quite - anonymous , not - quite - known user .
And it ’s not clear Apple wants to go in this direction . ”
The researchers concluded : “ One of the greatest challenges for technical innovation in music sharing may be in allowing designers to make the leap between treating music sharing technologies as personal music listening utilities and treating music sharing technologies as online communities .
Although music sharing has traditionally been a strong indicator of group identity and has reflected shared musical taste , our study of iTunes music sharing has demonstrated that even groups with disparate musical tastes can form strong group identities . ”
RESEARCH NEWS & PUBLICATIONS OFFICE
Georgia Institute of Technology
177 North Avenue NW
Atlanta , Georgia 30332 USA MEDIA RELATIONS CONTACTS : Georgia Tech -- gtresearchnews@gatech.edu ; Jill Warner , PARC ( 415-593-8400 ) ; E-mail : ( jillw@text100.com ) .
TECHNICAL CONTACTS :
1. Amy Voida ( 404-385-1102 ) ; E-mail : ( amyvoida@cc.gatech.edu )
2. Beki Grinter ( 404-385-6782 ) ; E-mail : ( beki@cc.gatech.edu )
3. Keith Edwards ( 404-385-6783 ) ; E-mail : ( keith@cc.gatech.edu )
WRITER : Jane Sanders
The CHI 2005 paper is available from the media relations contacts listed above .
iTunes is a trademark of Apple Computer Inc. , registered in the U.S. and other countries .
