All pictures are caugh with my digital camera .
You must see some wonderful photos of sky in sunset or in winter time or some beautiful clouds ...
Read more . . .
In 1991 , the internet did n't exist .
That is to say , it did exist ( and had for some time ) , but to the majority of Americans it might as well have been a huffalump until the creation of the World Wide Web in ( approximately ) 1992 , when the internet would begin to become both widely understood , and easy - to - use ( therefore " of interest " to most people ) .
Yet in 1991 , the internet ( such as it was ) was neither widely understood nor easy - to - use , which is why the prospect of playing games on the internet may have seemed like a good and bad idea simultaneously .
On one hand , nobody was doing it yet - it was a virgin market ; on the other , nobody was doing it yet - the risks were terrible .
In 1991 , videogame industry leader Sierra launched the Sierra Network ( later called the ImagiNation Network ) .
It was geared more - or - less toward children , with cartoon - ish art and themes , but it allowed users to play a variety of games and chat with friends in online chat rooms - all for an hourly fee , of course .
It was , in every way , ahead of its time .
Particularly in terms of what users were willing to pay .
At one point , the hourly rate for access to Sierra 's network had climbed as high as $ 6 per hour .
This was in addition to the subscription fees users were already paying for dial - up access to the internet itself and ( in some extreme cases ) long distance telephone charges levied by the telephone company .
By contrast , many telephone sex chat services charged less than half that amount .
The Sierra Network , not surprisingly , failed and was shut down in 1996 by AOL , who had acquired it from AT&T .
Ironically , this was not too long after the internet had become both widely understood and easy - to - use , and right around the same time that several other online gaming services had begun to flourish .
Among them , an exciting new service offered by a company called Blizzard .
The Sleeper Has Awakened
In 1992 , a revolutionary videogame was released that captured the imaginations of gamers the world over , almost immediately selling half a million copies .
One of the first " real - time strategy " games ever made , it tasked the player with building a virtual army by collecting resources and then constructing buildings that would produce their machines of war - all in " real time . "
While the player was at it , their " enemy " was doing the same , building up to an eventual showdown between the competing armies , after which one side would claim total victory .
Whoever had the most machines or the best strategy would win the day .
It was like chess combined with backgammon wrapped up in an erector set , and gamers loved it .
That game was not Warcraft .
Westwood Studios ' Dune II , predating Warcraft by at least two years , was based on the science fiction books by Frank Herbert , and cast the player as one of three races bent on controlling the spice - infested planet of Arrakis .
It has been described as among the best PC games ever made , and many still consider it the best example of its genre ever made .
Yet , it was not without its share of problems .
As with any game based on a license , Dune II relied on the players ' familiarity with the premise of the original works .
The Dune series had sold millions of copies of books world - wide , and had been made into a feature - length film in 1984 , but to many people , the story was simply too dense to get their heads around .
Case in point :
The resource Dune II players were tasked with mining , the spice " Melange , " took Herbert an entire novel to attempt to explain .
Called " the spice of spices " in his appendices , the fictional Melange has been attributed with prolonging life , allowing users to foresee the future , astrally project objects through time and space , turn people 's eyes blue and make giant worms try to kill you .
" Catchy " is not the first word which comes to mind here .
Acellus® is an online education system that is accelerating learning for millions of students worldwide .
The Academy is involved in developing Acellus courses and in training educators on the effective use of Acellus for blended and distance learning .
The data driven analysis tools like Prism Diagnostics ® and Vectored Instruction™ are built into Acellus to identify and fill in gaps in students ’ understanding .
These tools provide a customized learning experience for each student by providing the precise intervention required when students struggle .
These advanced learning technologies developed at the International Academy of Science are empowering effective online learning for students , many of whom are studying at home during the 2020 - 2021 school year .
Julie Amero , a substitute teacher at a middle school in Norwich , Conn. , said she had simply wanted to e-mail her husband .
The authorities contend that she was  purposely or , perhaps , carelessly  exposing 11 - and 12 - year - old students to pornography rather than teaching them English .
Last month , Ms. Amero was convicted in Norwich Superior Court of four counts of risking injury to a child and faces up to 40 years in prison at a sentencing hearing scheduled for March 2 .
She has insisted on her innocence , refusing to accept a plea bargain that would have allowed her to walk free .
She portrays herself as a hapless technophobe too clueless to unplug a wayward computer .
Ms. Amero , 40 , a longtime substitute , contends that when she arrived that day in October 2004 , she asked the regular seventh - grade language arts teacher at Kelly Middle School if she could use his computer to e-mail her husband .
But first , she says , she went to the bathroom , and when she returned , the teacher was gone and students were gathered around the screen , watching a hairstyle Web site .
When she tried to close the site , what she got was an endless barrage of pop - up ads for pornography sites .
The images continued all day , since “ I absolutely have no clue about computers , ” she said in an interview .
MysticalBall.com is part of the GetAmused.com network .
© All Rights Reserved .
Contact
Us here .
The movie industry is keen to take control from technology firms
Michael Arrieta , senior vice president of Sony Pictures , said at a US Digital Hollywood conference that it wanted to create an " iTunes " for films .
Films will be put onto flash memory for mobiles over the next year , said Mr Arrieta , and it will develop its digital download services for films .
Movie studios are keen to stop illegal file - sharing on peer - to - peer nets and cash in on digital the download market .
Movie piracy cost the industry £ 3.7 bn ( $ 7 bn ) in 2003 , according to analysts .
The movie industry body , the MPAA ( Motion Picture Association of America ) has started a campaign of legal action against operators of BitTorrent , eDonkey and DirectConnect peer - to - peer networks .
Cashing in
" We want to set business models , pricing models , distribution models like ( Apple chief Steve ) Jobs did for music , but for the film industry , " Mr Arrieta told Cnet news .
Sony and other movie studios , say Cnet news , are keen to wrestle power , and financial gain , from any single technology giant - like Apple - which has had success with iTunes for music downloads .
The PSP was launched in the US on 24 March
It is a partnership between Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer Studios , Paramount Pictures , Sony Pictures Entertainment , Universal Studios and Warner Bros .
There remain big issues to giving people more access to films and other digital content anywhere , anytime .
Issues over protecting and controlling the distribution of content once it has been legally downloaded and moved to a portable device , for instance , still concern the movie industry .
But with the growing popularity of powerful portable entertainment devices , such as Sony 's PlayStation Portable ( PSP ) , which can play movies and other multimedia content , it is becoming a pressing concern for the industry .
The PSP went on sale in the US on 24 March and the first million came with Spider - Man 2 .
But films for the device are available in Sony 's own format , called UMD , which are physical discs .
Lions Gate Entertainment and Disney have announced forthcoming film titles that will be made available on the format .
The Digital Hollywood conference in the US runs from 29 March to 1 April .
Before YouTube and Google Video came along , video on the web often suffered from taking too many cues from the production values of traditional media .
Even in the early days of YouTube , a typical video made by someone for an audience was like a mini-movie : 15 seconds of titles , followed by 10 seconds of the actual content of the video , and then 10 seconds of closing credits .
Eventually , many people came to realize that all that crap at the beginning and end was unecessary … it ’s OK not to have a 40 second video if you only have 10 seconds of something to say .
Ze Frank took this notion to the extreme ; he often launches right into something at the beginning , eschews transitions , and he just stops at the end .
If an episode of The Show is 2 minutes long , it ’s because he has 2 minutes of something to say .
Podcasters have been slower to break out of the mold provided by talk radio .
The playing of music before segments and as transitions between segments makes some sense on the radio , where it ’s used in some cases to fill airtime .
But for podcasts , there ’s no need to fill airtime with anything but content .
30 seconds of music before the actual podcast begins is the audio equivalent of Flash splash pages on web sites .
For instance , the Diggnation podcast has 10 seconds of ads and 30 seconds of theme music before the hosts start talking and even then it ’s more than a minute before there ’s any new information .
It ’s important to set expectations and the mood ( also know as branding ) , but it ’s possible to do that in a much more economical way — something more akin to the Windows startup sound +
“ hi this is [ name ] from [ name of show ] and let ’s get started ” — or at other times during the podcast .
Interestingly , when I was looking around for examples of this wasted airtime , the folks making the most economical use of the listener ’s time in producing podcasts were from the mainstream media .
That is , the people innovating on the form are not the same as those who are innovating on production .
Perhaps in an attempt to seem more credible , native podcasters have embraced more traditional forms while those with experience producing audio content for other media are more free to tailor their content to the new medium .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
ENGLAND 's massive army of World Cup fans is drinking Germany dry , it emerged yesterday .
Breweries warned beer could run out before the final because of huge demand from our supporters .
In Nuremberg , organisers revealed 70,000 England fans who flooded the city drank 1.2MILLION pints of beer - an average of 17 pints each .
Astonished bar keeper Herrmann Murr said : " Never have I seen so many drink so much in such little time . "
His bar at a fans ' tent in the city ran out after they drained all 32 of his 50 - litre ( 11 gallon ) barrels .
Herr Murr calculated Britons were shifting beer at a staggering rate of 200 pints per minute .
City official Peter Murrmann said : " The English proved themselves world champs .
They practically drank us dry . "
In Cologne , where England drew with Sweden , bottles and barrels of the local K?lsch beer ran out because so many English took them to campsites and parties .
Stuttgart bar chiefs said an extra 900,000 pints were sunk last weekend where 60,000 fans partied before and after our 1 - 0 win over Ecuador .
The Veltins brewery also revealed it has produced a record 418,000 gallons in a bid to keep up with demand .
A spokesman said : " It is incredible how much is being drunk but the hardest thing for the breweries is keeping up with the thirst of the English . "
In Dortmund , where most fans for England 's Gelsenkirchen clash against Portugal on Saturday are staying , the giant DAB brewery is bracing itself by ferrying in extra supplies to boost production .
This is the repository of my wild thoughts , general comments and ideas that I do n't have the time to actually work on .
« Words + pictures > words alone | Main | Passionate Users at SXSW »
If your software was on a date ...
How would your software ( or product , service , book , cause , etc. ) behave on a date ?
Perhaps the best model for software developers is the singles scene , so let 's see how this time - tested dating advice for men might be applied to software :
What we want :
What we all too often get :
Dating Rules For Software
Look your best
You do n't have to be the Brad Pitt of apps , but you should still make the effort to be pleasant looking .
At the least , you should be clean .
That whole " it 's what 's inside that counts " thing ?
It 's true , but chemistry matters too , and we 're genetically programmed to be attracted to attractive things .
If nothing else , wearing your good shirt and combing your hair sends the signal that you care .
That you bothered to take a shower before you showed up at our door , says something meaningful .
Be clean , be simple , keep the bling to an absolute minimum , and do n't forget your mom 's advice - -" you never get a second chance to make a first impression . "
Be fun .
Do n't be negative .
Be the one others want to be around .
How do people feel when they 're around you ?
Do they light up a little ?
Or do they feel inexplicably darker and less energetic when they spend time with you ...
Hint : make a list of the apps , products , APIs , frameworks , etc. that make YOU happy .
The ones that make you think , " this is awesome . "
Or better yet , the ones where you never think about them at all ... because you 're too busy being awesome doing the thing that led you to that tool in the first place .
Focus your energy on putting yourself on someone else 's " makes me happy " list .
Be trustworthy and consistent .
There 's a time and place for spontaneity , but we need to know we can count on you , no matter what .
Make sure we can trust that when we click button A , thing B will happen .
Every ... single ... time .
And that it does n't matter when we push it , or what you did before .
Please , no unpredictable mood ( or mode ) swings .
If you use a particular pair of methods in your API , and then reuse those same names in another part of the API , make certain that they all behave in exactly the same way -- or at least exactly as you 'd expect in that different context ( terrible API violation of this : the ejbCreate ( ) and ejbRemove ( ) methods for entity vs. session beans in EJB ) .
Do n't be fake .
Do n't pretend to be something you 're not .
If part of your interface looks like it should do X , but does only Y ( or worse , does X plus the recklessly dangerous Z ) , we may never trust you again .
Do n't try to be more than you are , and do n't trick us into thinking you do one thing , when you actually do something completely different .
Being simple and clean and real is far better than being a flashy fake .
Be polite , be helpful .
Do n't dash off in the middle of dinner to run an errand , but if you must , at LEAST tell us how long you expect to be gone , so we 'll have some idea of when to become concerned .
An application that does n't tell you what 's going on is just rude .
It 's OK to offer tips ... if we do n't speak French , then by all means help us interpret the menu at that French restaurant .
Be forgiving .
We 're not perfect .
Sometimes we say or do stupid , wrong , or even dangerous things .
Make it easy for us to recover and " save face " , and we 'll love you all the more .
And the more you assume it was your fault , the better .
Chances are , it was .
Be sensitive , be a good listener .
But not over - sensitive .
Pay close attention to the subtle things ; do n't make us have to yell at you in order to get a reaction .
Try to anticipate our needs , but do n't make assumptions !
We never said this would be easy ... and yes , we 're a bit high - maintenance , but worth it ; )
Do n't assume I 'm an expert .
You would n't expect that everyone you date will have studied human psychology , so you should n't expect a user to have read your manual cover to cover .
Do n't take us extreme helicopter skiing on our first date .
Be fun .
Not funny .
Be fun in the way that a great game of chess is fun ( but not funny ) .
Life is too short ( or too damn long ?
I can never remember which way that works ) to spend time doing boring , tedious , frustrating work .
The best dates of all are with those who can make even the most trivial , mundane things seem ... engaging and interesting .
Find out what part of this experience really can be interesting , and enhance that .
Do n't assume there 's no competition .
" There are plenty of fish in the sea " our mothers tell us when we 're heartbroken at 15 .
NEVER take the attention you 're getting now for granted .
Even if you think you have a vendor - lock .
Even if you think they 'll stay with you simply because the cost of switching to someone else is too great ...
There is always someone potentially better , and real loyalty can't be bought .
" Frequent Buyer " points might make it look like we 're loyal , but underneath we 're just waiting for the right opportunity to dump you .
Do n't mistake current participation for long - term loyalty .
Check your ego with the valet parking attendant .
You might be the best at what you do ... for now ( reread the previous tip ) ... but that 's no excuse for treating those you date like idiots .
And we really do n't appreciate hearing you diss the competition , either .
A little humility goes a very long way .
Married people really DO have more sex .
No matter how fun the one - night stands appear , they 're ultimately empty and unsatisfying .
Go for the long - term commitment .
Be in this for a lasting relationship .
If you really really care , we 'll know , and we 'll be willing to forgive you when you screw up -- as you always will .
Any other dating tips for software or other product developers ?
Or examples of those who'd score on a second date as opposed to ... those who'll never get that second date ?
If products were a potential mate , which one would you give your phone number to ?
Me ?
I 'd sleep with Adobe InDesign in a heartbeat .
Posted by Kathy on November 4 , 2005 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d83459fd0e69e2
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference
If your software was on a date ...:
» ' Wanna see my etchings ? ' from The Journal Blog
I just love the way Kathy Sierra thinks .
Anybody else would have come up with yet another rendition of the customer - acquisition - slash - customer - retention - tips cha-cha .
Kathy takes us on a date .
Of course , for some of us , it 's a bit of a gender - bender ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 5 , 2005 1:00:10 PM
» If your software were on a date ... from Global Conspiracy Theories
Kathy Sierra has an amusing and informative article likening software behaviour to dating behaviour .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 7 , 2005 9:08:33 AM
» Handmark Rand McNally Road Atlas for Handhelds from Software
Carry the Rand McNally Road Atlas SD / MMC
Card you 'll always know where you 're going and never have to fold a map again !
Just slide in this card and browse through complete maps of the U.S. road system .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 18 , 2005 12:15:50 PM
» Dating Rules for Software from Approaching Normal
Over at the Creating Passionate Users blog ( which has more useful information on it than any other blog I can think of ) , there ’s an excellent post called If your software was on a date .
It ’s an excellent article overall , but I could n’t help but think ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 20 , 2005 7:13:50 PM
» Adobe Photoshop Elements 3.0 plus Adobe Premiere Elements from Software
AdobePremiereElements software offers the perfect combination of creative control and reliability for home video editing [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 21 , 2005 1:29:00 PM
Comments
Hi !
Just to say that I started to read you guys a couple of days ago and I 've become an instante FAN of your work .
And guess what ?
I 'm a VB . net developer !!
I 'm an owner of a small ISV company in PORTUGAL and I 've been a VB developer for about 12 years ( started with " oldie " VB3 ) although I know a little bit of C# to .
I 'm reading " Head First Design Patterns " and I am loving it !
Keep up with the good ideas !!!
Posted by : Rui | Nov 4 , 2005 4:21:57 PM
the quote :
" No matter how fun the one - night stands appear , they 're ultimately empty and unsatisfying .
Go for the long - term commitment .
Be in this for a lasting relationship .
If you really really care , we 'll know , and we 'll be willing to forgive you when you screw up -- as you always will . "
While I 'm not necessairly saying this is false , it sounds like empty platitudes and " parenting " .
I know this is just a " summary " , but I suspect the original text does n't go any deeper than this .
BTW , all my one - night stands were not ' ultimately empty and unsatisfying ' .
So it 's clearly not 100 % true 100 % of the time , and people know this and thus reject ' advice ' such as this .
Posted by : ryan rawson | Nov 4 , 2005 6:44:53 PM
Search Inside the Book for Publishers : http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/catalog-guide/guide/-/506469/103-8997929-7009404
Why does n't your publisher offer that at Amazon for the Head First books ?
Posted by : Search Inside the Book for Publishers | Nov 4 , 2005 7:44:47 PM
Rui : thanks so much !
Ryan : I meant this all very tongue in cheek , and certainly there are a lot of examples of products for which a long - term relationship with users does n't apply .
Search Inside : I 'm not entirely sure why we are n't up there , but I think it has to do with the fact that the HF books do n't exactly exist as " text " -- they are delivered as PDFs , and do not go through any stage of being a text file .
They 're more like 700 pages of individual handouts .
And so many of the words are embedded within graphics , so that does make the searching difficult .
I know O'Reilly is currently working on getting the books into some kind of taggable form , but we did n't create them that way , so it 's a little tricky .
but we * are * on Google print in a very limited form :
http://print.google.com/print?q=head+first&btnG=Search+Print&hl=en
As most of you probably know , Tim O'Reilly is VERY committed to the whole Google print thing .
http://radar.oreilly.com/archives/2005/11/oops_only_4_of_titles_are_bein.html
Posted by : Kathy Sierra | Nov 4 , 2005 8:02:02 PM
Kathy ,
I have to ask :
Where DO you get those photos .
They 're a hoot !
( The fact that they illustrate your point so wickedly well is gravy . )
Posted by : Roy Jacobsen | Nov 4 , 2005 8:43:47 PM
Howdy Roy , the pictures are from a stock photography collection called " Retro Americana " , which is currently not available from the stock houses , but they keep retiring and then bringing these things back out again periodically .
I get almost everything from :
http://www.fotosearch.com/
However , I 've recently been having a great time with :
http://www.istockphoto.com/
( which is a lot more affordable , and an interesting concept as well )
Posted by : Kathy Sierra | Nov 4 , 2005 9:01:16 PM
Your list of dating " rules " for men is suitable for a superficial , promiscuous woman , always unfaithful .
Software written to these standards is likewise ... perfect for pinheaded sluts , totally inappropriate for those with values .
Decent women want a man who is faithful , honest , caring , and protective .
We are willing to exchange superficial qualities for a stronger core and a good lineage .
We want software that can fulfil our needs for the long haul .
We do n't sleep around .
Products such as TeX provide exactly the kind of basis for producing digital content that will outlive its author .
Specific comments follow .
( Look your best . )
Look respectable , that 's all I ask .
Always looking your best is fine if that 's your job , otherwise I most likely be disappointed ; either by you not measuring up to your appearance or because you are a closet homosexual .
Experience teaches harsh lessons at times .
( Be fun .
Do n't be negative .
Be the one others want to be around . )
Do not " be fun " .
Pleasure always comes from within , from what I put into something .
And if I am , for example , templating a database schema or designing a lexer , the last thing I want is my software to play chess ( or Buzkashi ! ) with me .
I do not expect any man or software to be my personal entertainment system .
( Be trustworthy and consistent . )
( Do n't be fake . )
Granted .
( Be polite , be helpful . )
I prefer " be honest in all thing " .
Being polite will merely get you politeness in return .
This does little to build a meaningful relation , and is meaningless in the long run .
My take on it :
+ Be useful , be honest .
( Be forgiving . )
I like guns .
I like driving fast .
I like picking flowers .
Do n't forgive me for shooting your dog , trashing your car , or ruining your garden .
However , if the damage can be technically be undone , so much the better .
Giving me an " undo " function is great , yet still , I want enough rope to hang myself !
( Be sensitive , be a good listener . )
Do as you 're told , unless I 'm not making any sense .
In that case , tell me so .
I will never burden you , in fact I 'll do all I can to make things go smoothly .
( Do n't assume I 'm an expert . )
I am an expert , and worthwhile men and software behave accordingly .
I am not a PMC ( pinhead macintosh child ) , and will not submit to being treated as such .
( Be fun . )
I 'll bite .
* I * will have fun with you , if you meet the basic criteria ( good character , honest , hard - working ) , so do n't worry about it .
( Do n't assume there 's no competition . )
Good for software , bad for men .
A man should feel secure , as his manliness is defined only in contrast with the feminine -- that 's my job .
Humans deserve to be measured by their absolute worth .
Software , on the other hand , sinks or swims on its * relative * merits .
( Check your ego with the valet parking attendant . )
Take pride in your craft , if you do it well .
I wo n't object .
( Married people really DO have more sex . )
For sure !
Some of us actually live by the dictum " not until we 're married " !
Aisha 's rules for courtship :
+ Power is the oldest aphrodisiac known to humankind .
+ A violin can make wonderful music , even though it may take years to learn its intricacies and peculiarities .
Good men and software are likewise , giving room for expression and growth , together .
As my technique improves , so does the harmony .
+ Be honest , be useful , be strong .
+ Be generous , and I will reciprocate .
+ Do n't whine unnecessarily .
If it 's necessary , do so loudly .
+ Do as you are directed , and trust that I will not lead you astray .
+ I will listen to whatever you have to say .
Do not squander this precious resource with worthless " Tips of the day " , or stories of how drunk you got last weekend .
+ Assume that I know what I am doing .
Do not get in my way when I am getting something done .
+ Have a good background .
If you do n't , then take steps starting today to build one .
+ Take pride in what you do well ; this will help you to hold yourself to your high standards .
Never be boastful .
+ Stick around to clean up whatever mess may occur .
+ Have the skills to pay the bills .
I 'll do my share , I promise .
+ Remember : fun and pleasure come from things * we* do together .
Everyone only gets out what they put into it .
Everything else falls into the minor category of " entertainment " .
Do n't try to " be fun " or " entertain " me ; you will never beat a good novel or even a walk to the park together .
[ edited ]
Posted by : Aisha | Nov 4 , 2005 11:32:19 PM
be free - spirited !
like a good date , software should be free - spirited and open .
meaning it should be open source .
open source stuff is more innovative ( many minds greater than one mind ) and i need to be able to tinker with crap or have others tinker with it if i want to .
( on a side note , revenue models for open source software should gravitate towards being service - oriented ; i.e. pay for customization , installation , etc. as opposed to a single copy of a non-unique software )
Posted by : kid mercury | Nov 5 , 2005 8:20:15 AM
What exactly do you mean by " not funny " ?
I 'm thinking more with regard to dating actual people than using software , since that 's where my head is these days , and I 've been counting on my sense of humor to be an asset .
( That said , I 've always liked how once in a blue moon , Cool Edit 's pop -up notice would feature a sheep icon rather than the familiar exclamation point . )
Aisha : it disheartens me that you refer to yourself as " us " , implying speaking on behalf of all Afghani women while expressing a sweeping opinion of North American women .
That is not only prejudiced , but also cowardly .
Posted by : Keith Handy | Nov 5 , 2005 9:23:18 AM
Ok , I have to ask , because of your declared love for InDesign , I need to know how you 'd rate a hot date with Photoshop ?
Because that 's my " in a heartbeat " choice .
Posted by : Jennifer Apple | Nov 5 , 2005 10:18:07 AM
Ok , I have to ask , because of your declared love for InDesign , I need to know how you 'd rate a date with Photoshop ?
Because that 's my " in a heartbeat " choice .
Posted by : Jennifer Apple | Nov 5 , 2005 10:18:34 AM
I 'm so glad that Jennifer mentioned Adobe PS , because I came running to the blog just to let Kathy know that , while I 'm not familiar with InDesign , I do date PS exclusively !
It 's not that my head could n't possibly be turned by a different good - looking and respectful program , but I 've just had no reason to go looking for one :-)
Cyndi
Posted by : Cyndi L | Nov 5 , 2005 10:54:24 AM
Hello Kathy ,
Your advice are awesome .
Can relate to love life and work life .
Been on a date recently and feel good about your advice ( mean did n't make too much error :o ) ) .
Thanks .
Andy
Posted by : AK47 | Nov 6 , 2005 12:27:58 AM
" Being polite will merely get you politeness in return . " , " PMC " , " Do n't whine unnecessarily .
If it 's necessary , do so loudly . "
Wow , as a developer , users like Aisha are a turnon !
Posted by : as in freedom | Nov 6 , 2005 4:16:48 PM
This list is essentially the same as , although slightly more risque then , in Alan Cooper 's About Face 2.0 .
He says software should " behave like a considerate human being . "
The point is n't to think of using software as a first date , or as a marriage , but as an ideal interaction with a human being .
If the program is meant to be used once in a while , like a web app , then first date rules may apply .
If it 's a desktop app that you pay a lot of money for then marriage may be more similar .
People react to software as if the computer were human , another point Cooper talks about .
As much as we know intellectually a computer ins n't human , we behave towards one as if it were .
So our software on those computers need to pretend they 're human too .
Posted by : Petroleum Jelliffe | Nov 6 , 2005 8:09:04 PM
I think your blog is fantastic , it 's a great source of fresh ideas and inspiration !
I am also very happy that your dating analogy is not based on " The Rules " .
Although I could think of some examples of enterprise software that has followed those guidelines !
Posted by : Walter Lounsbery | Nov 7 , 2005 8:08:41 AM
Only a true geek would say they 'd sleep with software !
Rock on !
Posted by : Bob B | Nov 7 , 2005 8:34:32 AM
If you say you 'll call , then make sure you call .
Posted by : Bob B | Nov 7 , 2005 10:57:55 AM
NOW you know why using " enterprise " applications , selected by your IT department , feel a lot like dating someone selected by your dad .
Posted by : Branimir Dolicki | Nov 8 , 2005 1:28:07 PM
Ah , but what about the software you would n't want to be caught dead with ?
The kind where you sleep with them , and desperately hope afterwards nobody finds out ?
Adobe Reader : Big. Bloated .
Downright obese .
It makes you feel used .
Nags you constantly to upgrade it .
Insists on showing up in places where you least want it to .
Secretly consumes your system resources even when not in active use -- stealing memory when you 're not looking and spending it on useless things .
Internet Explorer : Used by everybody .
Make sure you have virus protection when sleep with this one , folks .
Always , always apply patches to the most sensitive parts of your system if you insist on using IE .
Posted by : Rob | Nov 8 , 2005 2:30:32 PM
What I like most of all in men is the sence of humor and ability to make me laugh .
And of course he has to have taste in cloths .
Posted by : Helen date | Nov 28 , 2005 5:42:18 AM
I think that it 's very important to look neat on your dates .
And actually the artical is great .
Posted by : Matchmaker | Nov 28 , 2005 5:45:40 AM
Good advice )
Thank you .
It was interesting to read ) ) )
------------------------------------------
Easy Downloads
Posted by : Ilandrona | Jul 31 , 2007 1:12:21 AM
I like your dating rules for software .
Be clean , be simple , keep the blink to an absolute minimum , and do n't forget your mom 's advice - -" you never get a second chance to make a first impression .
" That will be my device .
Posted by : steven davies | Aug 7 , 2007 5:03:37 AM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Of all of the product announcements made during today ’s Apple event , the most surprising , by far , was the pre-announcement of a new set - top box .
Code named iTV , the box will use standard wireless networking to feed iTunes content to any home entertainment center .
The device is scheduled to come out in the first quarter of 2007 .
Does anyone remember the last time Apple pre-announced a new product this far in advance ?
What happened to the legendary Apple secrecy ?
A huge part of Apple ’s mystic is built around the intense reaction the press has to the unveiling of unexpected new products .
That coverage usually drives customers to jump on the bandwagon and buy the latest Apple products immediately .
By previewing iTV this far in advance Apple risks losing both the buzz and consumer interest during the months leading up to its release .
Worse yet , iTV wo n’t be available for the holiday shopping season .
So what ’s behind Apple ’s strange early product announcement ?
Quite few things actually :
Movies : Today Apple announced it will be selling movies through iTunes .
At launch there will only be 75 films available , although presumably that number will increase rapidly .
More problematic for Apple is the fact that only Disney , Pixar , Touchstone , and Miramax have signed on to sell films through iTunes .
Those are all Disney affiliated studios .
Steve Jobs is the single largest shareholder of Disney .
See the connection ?
Unlike , say , Amazon Unbox , Apple has launched it ’s movie store without major Hollywood support .
I have to assume that Jobs is planning on the store being a huge success and that Hollywood executives will want in once they see how well it ’s doing .
Those same Hollywood executives might be swayed by a product that delivers their content to consumer ’s television sets without first being burned to an optical disk .
iTV is a neat end - run around the DVD burning issue .
Today Apple announced it will be selling movies through iTunes .
At launch there will only be 75 films available , although presumably that number will increase rapidly .
More problematic for Apple is the fact that only Disney , Pixar , Touchstone , and Miramax have signed on to sell films through iTunes .
Those are all Disney affiliated studios .
Steve Jobs is the single largest shareholder of Disney .
See the connection ?
Unlike , say , Amazon Unbox , Apple has launched it ’s movie store without major Hollywood support .
I have to assume that Jobs is planning on the store being a huge success and that Hollywood executives will want in once they see how well it ’s doing .
Those same Hollywood executives might be swayed by a product that delivers their content to consumer ’s television sets without first being burned to an optical disk .
iTV is a neat end - run around the DVD burning issue .
Did I mention movies ? :
While it ’s great that consumers can now watch feature films on their iPods , the truth of the matter is that the market for portable video is small , and will likely remain that way .
Consumers are buying big - screen TV ’s for a reason .
They like to watch movies in a large format .
By promising an iTunes - to - TV connection now Apple may persuade otherwise skeptical consumers to buy downloadable movies knowing they ’ll be able to watch them on the big screen soon .
While it ’s great that consumers can now watch feature films on their iPods , the truth of the matter is that the market for portable video is small , and will likely remain that way .
Consumers are buying big - screen TV ’s for a reason .
They like to watch movies in a large format .
By promising an iTunes - to - TV connection now Apple may persuade otherwise skeptical consumers to buy downloadable movies knowing they ’ll be able to watch them on the big screen soon .
Microsoft : The iTV announcement was a preemptive strike against possible upcoming product announcements from Microsoft .
Microsoft will be releasing it ’s portable Zune player in time for the holiday shopping season .
Insiders have hinted that Zune will somehow integrate with the XBox .
With a few software upgrades and a wireless adapter the XBox is certainly capable of doing anything iTV will do .
Apple is likely hoping that loyal iPod users will wait for iTV .
The iTV announcement was a preemptive strike against possible upcoming product announcements from Microsoft .
Microsoft will be releasing it ’s portable Zune player in time for the holiday shopping season .
Insiders have hinted that Zune will somehow integrate with the XBox .
With a few software upgrades and a wireless adapter the XBox is certainly capable of doing anything iTV will do .
Apple is likely hoping that loyal iPod users will wait for iTV .
Investors :
Since we appear to be on the verge of a convergence war between Apple and Microsoft , it ’s likely that Jobs wants to send a message to Apple ’s investors .
He wants investors to know that he ’s looking at the big picture ( no pun intended ) and has a cohesive convergence strategy in place .
At this point the biggest question is , will consumers pay $ 299 for a specialized device that gets all of its content through iTunes ?
I suspect they might , especially when you add music and personal media like home movies and photos into the equation .
One of the coolest parts of today ’s presentation was when Jobs began flipping through his music collection on a demo iTV box .
CD covers floated across the screen as if he was flipping through a physical music collection .
This was all made possible by a new feature in iTunes 7 that will automatically download cover art for your entire collection ( free , of course ) .
If consumers can do the same with their iPhoto library and iMovie files there ’s a good chance Apple will sell a lot of these little boxes .
musikCube 1.0rc2 vs foobar2000 0.9.4.1 vs EvilPlayer 1.16
Memory Usage ( Without playing a song ) :
mC : 4,468K
FB : 12,092K
EP : 2,352K
Playing Song :
mC : 9,160K
FB : 14,584K
EP : 3,528K
EP +1
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——————-
First Run :
mC : Pretty simple .
You select the folder to want to be browsed and added to you library and it goes to town .
Takes a few minutes to add close to 4000 songs .
FB : Just as simple as mC but a tad bit faster .
EP : Not as simple as the other two , but still not difficult .
About the same amount of time as FB , maybe a little faster .
FB + 1
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——————-
Plugins :
mC : Have a handful only .
Mainly codecs .
FB : Has a considerable amount more than either mC or EP .
Many being pretty good , including an iPod plugin for all you people out there that own iPods .
DOWN WITH iTUNES !
EP : Also only has a hanful .
Not particularly useful though .
FB + 1
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——————-
Skins :
N/ A since these programs are n’t particularly meant to be skinned
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——————-
HotKeys :
mC : Will use a keyboards built in hotkeys .
Ca n’t edit / change / create your own .
FB : Uses the keyboard hotkeys and allows you to create your own .
EP : Does n’t use the keyboard pre-builts and the ones they do use ca n’t be changed .
FB + 1
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——————-
Playlists :
mC : Handles them pretty good .
Ca n’t import through the player and I do n’t know where the other playlists are saved to , to try and attempt to place others
there .
Ca n’t export playlists or choose their type either .
FB : Can save m3u , fpl and m3u8 .
Can import / export .
Handles them WONDERFULLY !
It opens each playlist into a new tab and are easy to make .
EP : Does an ok job doing it .
Nothing special .
Can save EEP , m3u and PLS .
Does n’t handle near as good as FB .
FB + 1
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——————-
Video :
N/ A
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————-
Layout :
mC : Pretty good .
Simple to use , clean and easy .
The 4 skins that exist for it are ok .
FB : When using Column UI , its great .
Very clean , very very simple .
And in my opinion kinda pretty .
EP : Just a list of songs .
Not buttons , no menus .
Not good in my opinion .
FB + 1
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————-
Final Scores :
musikCube : 0
FooBar 2000 : 5
EvilPlayer : 1
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————-
Overall :
All these programs where designed to use minimal amounts of memory while providing you with options you need ( in each programs views ) to play music and play it well .
In my opinion , EvilPlayer is one of the worse prorgrams I have used solely because it does n’t support ID3 tags !
WTF !
Who the hell does n’t support these tags other than EP ?
And the programmer says they will never be support , automatically sratching the port from the list forever and I suggest eveyone does the same .
musickCube just does n’t cut it .
It is slightly worse in every way compared to foobar , including program stability .
Overall foobar is an amazing program which I look forward to using ^_^
On Rabbits , Mathematics and Musical Scales
John S. Allen
" ... vast numbers of tribes and cultures ... developed music independently , and in the most varied surroundings ... They exhibit enormous differences in their language , customs , clothes , modes of life and so forth , but all who have advanced beyond homophonic music have , if not precisely the same musical scale , at least scales which are built on the same principle .
" The main differences are found in the numbers of notes which form the scale .
By stopping at differing places in the sequence .
F-C - G-D-A-... , * we obtain the various scales which have figured in the musics of practically all those races which have advanced beyond the one - part music of primitive man . " *
There is no theoretical reason for starting with F rather than with any other note of the scale .
F has been selected merely in order to keep off the black notes of the piano for as long as possible .
Sir James Jeans , Science and Music , pp. 163-164
Let 's discuss music as it relates to rabbits .
No , not the Bunny Hop , or Here Comes Peter Cottontail -- or Jefferson Airplane 's White Rabbit , or I'm Late , I'm Late ( for a very important date ) from the Disney movie , or del Tredeci 's Final Alice ( hmmm , that rabbit gets around ... ) .
We 're going to discuss rabbits as they relate to musical scales .
in his Liber Abaci , the 13th Century Italian mathematician Fibonacci set out to determine how fast rabbits would multiply , given certain mathematical assumptions : a rabbit couple could reproduce once a month beginning at the age of two months , bearing a litter of one male and one female , and no rabbits died .
Let 's say that you start with one pair of baby rabbits in January .
Then , from month to month , the number of rabbit couples will be :
month month no .
calculation rabbit couples January 1 1 + 0 = 1 February 2 1 + 0 = 1 March 3 1 + 1 = 2 April 4 2 + 1 = 3 May 5 3 + 2 = 5 June 6 5 + 3 = 8 July 7 8 + 5 = 13 August 8 13 + 8 = 21 and so forth ...
For any month 's total number of rabbits , you add the number of rabbits existing one month earlier to the number of rabbits born since then -- the same as the number of rabbits existing two months earlier .
Generalizing this to a mathematical formula , we can say that
x n = x n - 1 + x n - 2 ( x 0 = 1 , x 1 = 1 ) .
Where
x represents the number of rabbit couples ,
n represents the number of the month , 0 , 1 , 2 etc. , and so ,
x n is the number of rabbits existing in month n .
Application to music
But what does this rabbit formula have to do with music ?
Lots !
If we only substitute x 0 = 2 and x 1 = 5 for the first two terms , we get the series 2 , 5 , 7 , 12 , 19 , 31 , 50 ... which bears an important relationship to the structure of musical scales .
Any musician will recognize 5 , 7 and 12 as the numbers of pitches per octave in pentatonic , diatonic and chromatic scales ; and also as the number of black keys , white keys and keys per octave of the traditional musical keyboard .
Now let 's see how these numbers build musical structures .
The simplest musical interval is the octave , a 2/1 frequency ratio .
The next simplest are the fifth , a 3/ 2 ratio ( more or less , in various tunings ) and its inversion , the fourth ( 4/3 , more or less ) .
The numbers in the musical Fibonacci series 2 , 5 , 7 , 12 , 19 ... all are generated by increasingly long series of musical fourths and fifths , as Sir James Jeans described and shown in the table below .
scale no. calculation number of intervals Series of musical fifths 1 2 + 0 = 2 F - C ( G ) 2 5 + 0 = 5 F-C- G-D-A- ( E ) 3 5 + 2 = 7 F-C-G-D-A-E-B-( F# ) 4 7 + 5 = 12 F-C-G - D...G#-D#-A#-( E# ) 5 12 +7 = 19 F -C -G - D... Gx -Dx -Ax -( Ex ) 6 19 + 12 = 31 Gbb - Dbb ... Gx - Dx -Ax -( Ex ) and so forth ...
Two - tone scale
Our first division of the octave ( scale no. 1 in the table ) is into a scale of two tones a fifth apart , say F and C , with a frequency ratio of 3/ 2 .
The next fifth after our two tones is a G , and the resulting sequence of two fifths , 3/2 x 3/2 , takes us to 9/4 ( 2.25 ) , which brings us close to an F a musical octave ( 2/1 ) higher than our first F .
We think of the G as the same as the F , and stop with a two - tone scale .
With two tones per octave , it is already possible to play music which distinguishes a tonic and dominant -- like a typical tympani part of the early Classical era .
We may also lower the fifths to produce a 2 - tone equal temperament .
In fact , we can play this temperament on any conventional musical instrument by lowering the C of our two - tone scale by a half tone to B .
But assigning different roles such as " tonic " and " dominant " to each of the two pitches of our scale is difficult .
The intervals between them are equal , and so we can't tell which pitch has which role .
Five - tone scale
Now if we prolong the series of fifths , F - C - G - D - A - ( E ) , the E at the end is close to F again .
If we leave the fifths mathematically exact , we can now play pentatonic music ( " Mama makes shortnin ' , shortnin bread ... " ) in one key signature , the way we do on the black keys of any conventional keyboard instrument .
As you can see by looking at the black keys , the pentatonic scale consists of groups of three and two pitches separated by two larger steps .
This pattern repeats in every octave , allowing us to identify the role of the tones of a pentatonic scale .
But suppose that we raise all of the fifths a little , until the final E is at the same pitch as F .
In this way , we construct a 5 - tone equal temperament .
We can't play this temperament on a regular keyboard , but we can play it on any synthesizer which lets us set nonstandard intervals : set the semitone or octave interval for 2.4 times the standard one ( or 1.2 times and play on alternate keys ) .
The resulting scale will sound somewhat out of tune to our ears which are used to standard 12 - tone equal temperament , but its melodic and harmonic properties are clear enough .
It is not only a theoretical temperament ; it is the standard Javanese tuning called slendro ( see for example Helmholtz , p. 518 . )
In the 5 - tone temperament , we can distinguish tonic and dominant of two - tone scales and modulate freely among five key signatures - but pentatonic melodies do not work .
Even though there are five pitches per octave in this scale , ordinary pentatonic music sounds oddly rootless -- we can't determine the keynote .
With five equal intervals , there is no differentiation between wide and narrow intervals to identify the pentatonic key signature .
This is the same problem we had earlier in distinguishing the tonic and dominant in our 2 - tone temperament .
And onwards ...
Now that we have established the first two terms of our Fibonacci series , succeeding terms follow logically .
Each new , extended series of fifths is the sum of the previous two .
The reason for this not the same as for the numbers of Fibonacci 's rabbits , but is just as simple : since sequences of two or five fifths approximate whole numbers of octaves , sums of these numbers of fifths also approximate whole numbers of octaves and allow us to close a circle of fifths by filling in the wider steps in the scale which the earlier series of fifths built .
So now let 's increase the number of tones per octave , just as Fibonacci did with his rabbit population .
Seven - tone scale
Continuing from 5 on to 7 , the series F - C - G - D - A - E - B - ( F# ) once again brings us close to F .
If we leave the fifths exact , we can now play seven - tone diatonic music ( like playing on the white keys of the piano ) , in one key .
We can also play two - and five - tone music .
If , on the other hand , we lower all of the fifths of our seven - tone scale a little , we arrive at a seven - tone equal temperament .
Set the semitone or octave on a synthesizer to 1.7142 ( that 's 12/7 ) times standard to play in this temperament .
In a seven - tone temperament , we can play in the 2 and 5 tone scales and also play any ordinary pentatonic music with full freedom of modulation in seven keys .
The seven - tone temperament is not just a theoretical construction .
It is the standard tuning used in traditional Siamese music ( see for example Helmholtz , p. 556 ) .
You might think that , with 7 tones , you could also play standard diatonic music in this temperament .
But if you try , it sounds oddly rootless .
Though we have the seven pitches needed to play diatonic music , the intervals between them are all the same .
There is no distinction between large and small intervals to tell us what step of the musical scale we are on -- the same problem we had playing pentatonic music in the five - tone temperament in the previous step of our experiment , or two - tone music in the step before that .
12 - tone scale
Next , we proceed to the series of 12 fifths , F - C - G - D - A-E-B -F#-C# -G#-D#- A #-( E# ) .
If we lower all of the fifths very slightly , we arrive at our familiar 12 - tone equally - tempered tuning .
Now we can play all of the music we played in the earlier 2 , 5 and 7 - tone scales , and we can also play diatonic music using 7 - tone scales with full freedom of modulation through 12 keys .
The progression from 7 to 12 tones occurred in European music between the Middle Ages and the Baroque era .
Composers have explored the potential of the 12 - tone scale over several centuries , and these explorations have culminated in the highly chromatic music of the later Romantic era and " atonal " music of the 20th century .
The term " atonal " reflects the oddly rootless quality of music that moves freely among all 12 of the tones of the scale .
Does this begin to sound familiar ?
19 tones : Joseph Yasser 's proposal
Each new temperament generated by extending the series of fifths encompasses the melodic and harmonic possibilities of all of the earlier ones .
The mathematical logic of this progression of equal temperaments , and the way it generates new musical possibilities at each step , lead us to ask " what if we went on to the next step of this progression , a 19 - tone temperament ? "
In the 1930's , music theorist Joseph Yasser published a book , Theory of Evolving Tonality , exploring that question .
Yasser suggested that certain composers of his time , notably Scriabin , were already composing in a 12 - tone " supradiatonic " scale with distinct tonalities identifiable by the wide and narrow intervals a 12 - tone scale would have in a 19 - tone temperament .
Yasser also suggested that a logical next step in musical instrument design would be to adopt a 19 - tone temperament , which he contended would open up possibilities in music similar to those which followed the transition from the 7 - tone to the 12 - tone scale .
Why do n't we use Yasser 's system ?
The advance to a 19 - tone scale which Yasser proposed has not yet occurred .
Why ?
I think that there are a number of reasons .
Ingrained habits
One is that conventional musical instruments , music theory and practice are so deeply ingrained in our musical culture that breaking away from them would be difficult .
The perception is grounded in the traditional design of musical instruments , and particularly of keyboard instruments , that D# and Eb ( for example ) are the same pitch , even though we spell them differently in musical notation .
Keyboard difficulties
Another problem is that a practical keyboard to play in a 19 - tone temperament does not evolve simply from the traditional keyboard .
A 19 - tone keyboard based on the traditional keyboard would have pairs of black keys ( Db and C# , Eb and D# , etc. ) , and an additional black key between the semitone intervals E- F and B - C .
Every diatonic semitone would , then , become a two - step interval , and every diatonic whole tone a three - step interval .
The octaves would have to be lengthened to make room for the fingers , with all of the additional keys .
An alternative , favored by Yasser , would be exchange the positions of the black and white keys , front to rear .
This keyboard might be somewhat easier to play , but it would still have long octaves and require difficult relearning .
Poor intonation of diatonic intervals
Another fundamental reason that the 19 - tone system has not developed naturally out of the 12 - tone system is that the 12 - tone system works rather well .
The 2 , 5 , and 7 - tone systems which lead up to the 12 - tone system have very impure fifths .
The fifths in the 12 - tone system are quite good .
But going from 12 to 19 tones requires that we make the fifths worse rather than better .
In 19 - tone , the minor third is very pure but the major third , though more harmonious than in the 12 - tone temperament , is slightly flat , compromising the melodic role of the leading tone .
Poor intonation of additional intervals
We should also hope that a system with more than 12 tones would provide good approximations to additional harmonic intervals used in non-western and experimental music ( and discussed by Yasser ) , but the 19 - tone system does poorly at this .
The 19 - tone scale is , for example , not capable of distinguishing between the 7th and 11th harmonics , or of distinguishing the 11th from the augmented fourth .
The rule of seven plus or minus two
The seven - tone scales in the twelve - tone system approach the limit of what the human mind can assimilate .
The rule of " seven plus or minus two " in sensory psychology states that for any sensory continuum , humans describe between five and nine different categories : to give an example , we describe the gray scale using the categories white , off - white , light gray , medium gray , dark gray , near black and black .
Though we can discriminate more shades of gray when they are placed side by side for comparison , we do not give names to them , or use the discrimination between them as part of a conceptual structure based on unaided observation and memory .
The musical octave is regarded by sensory psychologists as a continuum like the gray scale , and it follows that 12 distinct pitch classes may be more than we can easily assimilate as elements of a musical structure .
It 's not as if 19 - tone was n't tried ...
Historically , the evolution toward a 19 - tone scale would in fact have succeeded if not for the problems discussed here .
The mean - tone temperament used from the late Renaissance through the early Classical era had unequal semitones ; it is possible to play Yasser 's theoretical 12 - tone scale in one key signature on any keyboard instrument tuned in the mean - tone temperament .
Not only this , many keyboard instruments , especially organs , had extra keys -- for example , separate keys for Eb and D# ( see for example Jeans , p. 173 ) .
The extra keys let the instruments play in several more key signatures than a standard 12 - tone keyboard and still avoid the discordant " wolf fifth " which resulted from the mean tone series of fifths ' not closing at 12 .
Handel , among others , had an organ with such a keyboard .
The logical culmination of such keyboards with doubled sharps and flats would have been a 19 - tone system .
But unlike the transition from the 7 - tone to the 12 - tone keyboard , the transition to 19 tones never occurred .
Instead , 12 - tone equal temperament gradually replaced mean - tone temperament beginning around 1700 AD and culminating around 1850 AD .
What if we leap over 19 to 31 ?
Suppose , however , that we leap past the 19 - tone temperament and examine the next step of our Fibonacci series , with 31 tones .
This temperament turns out to be extremely close to the historical mean - tone temperament , with major thirds that are nearly pure .
In addition , it gives a nearly perfect natural seventh , and a natural 11th which is slightly flat , but distinct from the augmented fourth .
If we put aside the idea of a 12 or 19 - tone diatonic scale and regard the 31 - tone tuning primarily as a tool to improve the intonation of traditional scales and intervals , then it looks like a sensible idea .
I have tried it on a guitar , which sounds very pleasant , although it is difficult to play .
The question of how to construct keyboard instruments which use this temperament has been addressed by Fokker .
In forthcoming articles , I will address this tuning , among others , as they relate to modern , computer - controlled instruments .
The next article in this series describes musical tunings as mathematical series .
" Root Out Extremist Ideology " published in Politico Magazine
" The Hidden Hand Behind American Foreign Policy " published in The Wall Street Journal
" A Radical View of Defense Budget Cuts " published in The Washington Examiner
" The Fatal Flaw in Obama 's Dealings with Iran " published in The Wall Street Journal
Whales may share our kind of intelligence , researchers say after discovering brain cells previously found only in humans and other primates .
They were touted as the brain cells that set humans and the other great apes apart from all other mammals .
Now it has been discovered that some whales also have spindle neurons – specialised brain cells that are involved in processing emotions and helping us interact socially .
Spindle cells , named after their long , spindle - shaped bodies , are the cells that are credited with allowing us to feel love and to suffer emotionally .
Their discovery in whales will stimulate debate both on the level of whale intelligence and on the ethics of hunting them .
The cells occur in parts of the human brain that are thought to be responsible for our social organisation , empathy , speech , intuition about the feelings of others , and rapid “ gut ” reactions ( see The cell that makes us human ) .
Advertisement
Anthropomorphic angle
Now it turns out that these spindle cells also exist in the same brain areas in humpback whales , fin whales , killer whales and sperm whales .
What is more , whales appear to have had these cells for at least twice as long as humans , and early estimates suggest they could have three times as many spindle cells as us , even accounting for the fact that whale brains are larger than ours .
“ It ’s absolutely clear to me that these are extremely intelligent animals , ” says Patrick Hof of the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York , and co-discoverer of the whale spindle cells with Estel van der Gucht of the New York Consortium in Evolutionary Primatology , both in the US .
“ We must be careful about anthropomorphic interpretation of intelligence in whales , ” says Hof .
“ But their potential for high - level brain function , clearly demonstrated already at the behavioural level , is confirmed by the existence of neuronal types once thought unique to humans and our closest relatives . ”
“ They communicate through huge song repertoires , recognise their own songs and make up new ones .
They also form coalitions to plan hunting strategies , teach these to younger individuals , and have evolved social networks similar to those of apes and humans , ” Hof says .
Express trains
As with humans , the spindle cells were found in whales in the anterior cingulate cortex and frontoinsular cortex – two brain regions vital for “ visceral ” reactions .
Such reactions require fast but emotionally - sensitive judgments , such as deciding whether another animal is suffering pain , and the general feel of whether an experience is pleasant or unpleasant .
In addition , unlike in humans , the researchers also found spindle cells in the frontopolar cortex at the back of the brain , and they were sparsely dispersed elsewhere .
Hof says he does not yet know the significance of spindles found in areas other than those that contain the cells in humans and great apes .
Exactly how spindle cells function in whales is still under investigation , but Hof believes the long , high - speed connections may fast - track information to and from other parts of the cortex .
“ The velocity of the signal is faster , and they miss out junctions on the way , ” says Hof .
“ They are like the express trains ’ of the nervous system ” that bypass unnecessary connections , enabling us to instantly process and act on emotional cues during complex social interactions .
Hof and van der Gucht suggest that whales probably evolved the spindle cells completely independently of humans and apes – a process called convergent evolution .
Moreover , they probably evolved them as long as 30 million years ago , twice as long ago as humans and apes .
Spindle cells are most likely to emerge in unusually large brains which need extra circuitry to handle increasingly complex social interactions , Hof says .
Cognitive parallels
“ The discovery of spindle neurons in cetaceans is a stunning example of neuro - anatomical convergence between cetaceans and primates , ” says Lori Marino of Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia , US .
“ The common ancestor of cetaceans and primates lived over 95 million years ago , and such a highly specific morphological similarity as the finding of spindle cells is clearly due to evolutionary convergence , not shared ancestry , ” she says .
“ This is consistent with a growing body of evidence for parallels between cetaceans and primates in cognitive abilities , behaviour and social ecology . ”
However , many highly intelligent but smaller cetaceans examined by Hof and van der Gucht did not have the spindle cells .
The explanation could be that these smaller cetaceans , including bottlenose dolphins , evolved different but equally complex alternatives to the spindle cells .
“ In this respect , it will be interesting to discover what mental capacities might distinguish humpback whales from dolphins , ” says Keith Kendrick of the Babraham Institute in Cambridge , UK .
Journal reference : The Anatomical Record ( DOI : 10.1002/ar.a.20407 )
Version control for Linux
An overview of architectures , models , and examples
What is Software Configuration Management ?
SCM is one of the most important tools you probably did n't learn in school .
Software ( or source ) control , as the name implies , is a tool and an associated process that is used to maintain source code and its evolution over time .
SCM provides these primary capabilities :
Maintains files in a repository
Maintains revisions of files in a repository
Detects source change conflicts and provides merging for multi-developer environments
Tracks originators of changes
Provides configuration management of files ( relation of revisions ) for consistent and repeatable builds
Applicability of SCMs Source control typically implies the control of source code and associated files , whereas source management can apply to any type of asset .
A Web site consisting of Hypertext Markup Language ( HTML ) and binary image files , general text documents , or any other file is a candidate for revision control by an SCM system .
So , an SCM allows you to control a set of files in a repository and track revisions of those files .
When changes are made to files in the repository by a different developer , the SCM can identify conflicts from your changes and either automatically merge them or notify you of the conflict .
This is an important capability because it permits multiple developers to modify the same set of files .
An SCM also provides accountability in tracking who made which changes .
Finally , an SCM allows you to logically group files together into sets that are related , such as source files that make up a software image or executable .
The language of SCM
Before you dive too deeply into the details and types of architectures for SCMs , you need to learn the vocabulary .
First , there 's a repository .
The repository is a central location where files are stored and managed ( sometimes referred to as a tree ) .
Getting files from the repository to the working folder of your local system is called a check - out .
If you make changes to your local files and you want to sync up with changes at the repository , you perform an update .
To check your changed files back into the repository , you perform a commit .
If your changed file was previously changed and committed by someone else , a merge occurs , meaning the two changesets are brought together .
When a merge can't take place because of conflicting changes to a file , a conflict has occurred .
In this situation , the commit is rejected , requiring the developer to merge the changes by hand .
When a change is committed , a new revision is created for the file .
It 's possible for one or more developers to operate off of the main tree ( the current head of the repository ) or a personal branch that sits on the side of the main tree .
This allows developers to try things on their branches without affecting the main tree .
When they are stable , you can merge branches back to the main tree .
To mark an epoch in the evolution of a source tree , you can apply a tag to a set of file revisions .
This groups the set of files together as a useful collection ( sometimes used as a release of the files for a unique build ) .
Architectures
SCMs can differ in significant ways , but there are two fundamental architectural differences that are worth exploring :
Centralized versus distributed repositories
Changeset versus snapshot models
Centralized vs. distributed repositories
One of the most important architectural differences in modern SCMs that you can see and feel is the idea of a centralized versus a distributed ( or decentralized ) repository .
The most common architecture found today is the centralized repository .
This star architecture is illustrated as a central source repository with multiple developers working around it ( see Figure 1 ) .
Developers check out source code from the central repository into a local sandbox and , after making changes , commit it back to the central repository .
This allows other developers to access their changes .
Figure 1 .
In a centralized architecture , all developers work from a central repository
Branches can also be created at the central repository , allowing multiple developers to collaborate on a set of changes to the source at the repository , but outside of the mainline ( or tip ) .
The distributed architecture allows developers to create their own local repositories for their changes .
The local developer repository is similar to the original source repository ( it 's been distributed ) .
The key difference is that instead of sandboxes , where changes are made in the centralized approach , the distributed approach allows developers to work with their repositories while disconnected .
They can make changes , commit them to their local repositories , and merge changes from others without affecting the main branch .
Developers can then make changesets available to upline developers ( see Figure 2 ) .
Figure 2 .
In a decentralized architecture , developers work asynchronously from their own repositories
The decentralized architecture is interesting because it allows independent developers to work asynchronously in peer - to - peer networks .
When work is ready ( and preferably stable ) , they can distribute changesets ( or patches ) to make features available to others .
This is the model for many open source systems today , including the Linux® kernel .
Snapshot vs. changeset models
Another interesting architectural difference between older and more recent SCMs is how delta changes are stored .
They are theoretically the same and yield the same results , but they differ in how revisions are stored .
In the snapshot model , complete files are stored for the entire repository for each revision ( with optimizations to reduce the size of the tree ) .
In the changeset model , only the deltas are stored between revisions , creating a compact repository ( see Figure 3 ) .
Figure 3 .
The snapshot and changeset models each offer unique advantages
As you can see in Figure 3 , the models differ but have the same result .
In the snapshot model , you can get revisions quickly , but you need more space to store them .
The changeset model requires less space , but it may take more time to get a particular revision because a delta must be applied to the base revision .
As you 'll see later , you can make optimizations to minimize the number of deltas that must be applied .
Example SCMs
Let 's look at a number of SCMs split out by their architecture : centralized versus distributed .
As you 'll see shortly , some SCMs can even support both models .
CVS
Concurrent Versions System ( CVS ) is one of the most common SCMs around today .
It 's a centralized solution using the changeset model in which developers work with a centralized repository to collaborate on software development .
CVS is ubiquitous and is available as a standard part of any Linux distribution .
Its simple and comfortable ( to many of us ) syntax makes it a common choice as a multi- or single - developer SCM .
Listing 1 shows a sample set of CVS commands along with short descriptions of each .
For more CVS information , see the Related topics section .
Listing 1 . Sample commands for CVS
# Create a new repository cvs -d / home / user / new_repository init # Connect to the central repository export CVSROOT=:pserver:user@example.com :/cvs_root #
Check out a sandbox for module project from the central repository cvs checkout project #
Update a local sandbox from the central repository cvs update #
Check in changes from the local sandbox to the central repository cvs commit #
Add new files to the local sandbox ( need to be committed ) cvs add < file / subdirectory > #
Show changes made in the local sandbox cvs diff
For you point - and - clickers out there , CVS has a number of open source graphical front - ends that you can use , including WinCVS and TortoiseCVS ( which integrates with Microsoft ® Windows Explorer , if you enjoy that ) .
While CVS enjoys wide adoption , it has its warts .
CVS does n't allow you to rename files , and it does n't work well with special files , such as symlinks .
Changes are tracked by file instead of per change , which can be annoying .
Merges can sometimes be problematic ( CVS internally uses diff3 for this purpose ) .
However , CVS is useful , does what it needs to do , and is available for all major platforms .
If you like CVS , but not its issues , then Subversion may be what you 're looking for .
Subversion
Subversion ( SVN ) was designed as a direct replacement for CVS , but without its previously defined issues .
Like CVS , Subversion is a centralized solution and uses the snapshot model .
Its commands mimic those of CVS but with a few additions to handle things such as removing files , renaming files , or reverting to the original file .
Subversion also permits remote access via a number of protocols , such as Hypertext Transfer Protocol ( HTTP ) , secure HTTP , or the custom SVN protocol that also supports tunneling through Secure Shell ( SSH ) .
Listing 2 explores some of the commands supported in Subversion .
I 've also included some of the extensions that are n't available in CVS .
See the Related topics section for more information about Subversion .
As you see , Subversion 's command set is similar to CVS 's , making it a great alternative for CVS users .
Listing 2 . Sample commands for Subversion
# Create a new repository svnadmin create / home / user / new_repository #
Check out a sandbox from the central repository svn checkout file :/// server / svn/existing_repository new_repository #
Update a local sandbox from the central repository svn update #
Check in changes from the local sandbox to the central repository svn commit #
Add new files to the local sandbox ( need to be committed ) svn add < file / subdirectory > #
Show changes made in the local sandbox svn diff #
Rename a file in the local sandbox ( requires commit to the repository ) svn rename < old_file > < new_file > #
Remove files ( also removed from repository , requires commit ) svn delete < file / subdirectory >
Following CVS , Subversion integrates into graphical front - ends such as ViewCVS and TortoiseSVN .
Tools also exist to convert a CVS repository to Subversion ( such as cvs2svn.py ) , but they reportedly do n't handle all branching and tagging cases of complex repositories .
As with all open source projects , time will improve this .
Subversion also integrates TortoiseMerge as a difference viewer and patch program .
Subversion fixes a number of issues suffered by CVS users , such as versioning of special files and atomic commits and checkouts .
If you like CVS and you 're committed to the central repository approach , then Subversion is the SCM for you .
Now let 's depart from the centralized approach and step into what some believe is the real future of SCM : collaborative decentralized repositories .
Arch
Arch is a specification for a decentralized SCM that offers many different implementations .
These include ArX , Bazaar , GNU arch , and Larch .
Arch not only operates as a decentralized SCM ( as shown in Figure 2 ) , but also uses the changeset model ( see Figure 3 ) .
The Arch SCM is a popular method for open source development because developers can develop on separate repositories with full source control .
This is because the distributed repositories are actual repositories complete with revision control .
You can create a patch from changes in the local repository to be used by an upstream developer .
This is the real power of the decentralized model .
Like Subversion , Arch corrects a number of issues found in CVS .
These include metadata changes such as revisioning file permissions , handling file deletion and renaming , and atomic checkins ( grouping checkins together instead of as individual files ) .
Listing 3 shows some of the commands that you find in an Arch SCM .
I 've chosen to demonstrate GNU arch here because it 's developed by the Arch architect , Tom Lord .
GNU arch provides the basics you expect from an SCM , including the newer features found in Subversion .
Listing 3 . Sample commands for GNU arch ( tla )
# Register a public archive tla register - archive http://www.mtjones.com/arch #
Check out a local repository from the upstream repository tla get project@mtjones.com--dev / project -- stable myproject #
Update from the local repository tla update #
Check in changes to the local repository tla commit #
Add new files to the local repository ( need to be committed ) tla add < file > #
Show changes made in the local repository ( patch format ) tla what - changed # Rename a file in the local repository ( requires commit to the repository ) tla mv < old_file > < new_file > #
Remove files ( also removed from repository , requires commit ) tla rm < file >
Arch also allows merging of changes from upstream repositories with star - merge .
To minimize the number of patches that must be applied to a base revision ( per the changeset model ) , the cacherev command will create a new snapshot of the base revision in the repository .
An advantage to Arch is that while it was designed for decentralized operation , it can also be used in the centralized repository paradigm .
The biggest complaint from new users of tla is that it tends to be a little complicated .
Other implementations of Arch , such as baz , are reportedly simpler .
You can explore them if tla does n't meet your needs .
Now let 's look at one final decentralized SCM written by the maintainer of the Linux kernel himself , Linus Torvalds .
Git
The Git SCM was developed by Linus Torvalds as a replacement for the Bitkeeper SCM ( see the Related topics section ) .
It 's very simple , but it does the job of a decentralized changeset - based SCM and is used as the SCM for the Linux kernel .
It uses a file - group model rather than tracking single files .
The changesets are compressed and hashed with SHA1 to verify their integrity ( see Listing 4 ) .
Listing 4 . Sample commands for Git
# Get a Git repository ( first time ) git clone \ git://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/torvalds/linux-2.6.git # Update a
Git repository from the defined upstream Git repository git pull # Checkout from the Git repository into the local working repository git checkout # Commit changes to the local Git repository git commit #
Push changes to upstream ( requires SSH access to upstream git push #
Add new files to the local repository ( requires commit ) git add < file > #
Show changes made to the local working directory git diff # Remove files ( requires commit ) git rm < file >
The Git SCM is self - hosted in its own Git repository , which means that you must bootstrap
Git to install it on your local machine .
The command set for Git is similar to what you 've seen thus far , but it 's relatively basic .
You might well ask , why not use one of the existing SCMs that are out there ?
That 's a good question .
Git is interesting and serves a large user base of Linux kernel hackers , so it could be the next big SCM .
Linus describes
Git as a very fast directory content manager that does n't do much , but does it efficiently .
Benefits
Whichever type of SCM you use , there 's a universal set of benefits that you reap .
With an SCM , you can track changes to files to know how your software has evolved .
When incorrect changes are made , you can find them and revert them to the original source .
You can group sets of file revisions together and tag them to make releases that can be checked out at any time to repeatedly build specific releases of code ( a requirement of SCM ) .
Whether you use a centralized or distributed repository , snapshot or changeset model , the benefits are the same .
Since no modern software development project can be without an SCM , use them early and use them often !
Looking further
This article as must scratched the surface of SCMs in use today .
Many other open source SCMs exist , including Aegis , Bazaar - NG , DARCS , and Monotone , to name a few .
Like editors and languages , SCMs tend to result in strong debates with no correct answer .
If you 're productive with a tool , use it !
SCMs can be problematic because they 're rarely used in isolation and , therefore , are usually chosen by teams rather than individuals ( unless you have an autocratic boss who likes to make decisions for you ) .
Therefore , play with the possibilities and become comfortable with a few different styles .
SCM is a necessary tool in software development and a valuable part of your engineering toolbox .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
Flash Pacman
Use the arrow keys to move pacman , eat the dots avoid the ghosts .
Add your high score to our pacman high score list .
The research service is part of an effort by Thomas S. Rogers , TiVo ’s chief executive , to build revenue and also to try to repair relations with marketers , which have been angry about its role in helping viewers avoid advertising .
Mr. Rogers said he hoped that TiVo ’s new research would help advertisers bargain for better deals from networks .
“ All this money has changed hands in the TV advertising business , when there has not been any data given by the rating agencies about the watching of advertisements , ” he said .
For now , TiVo will not be able to tell advertisers anything about the demographics of the audience it measures .
The privacy policy of the service allows it to gather data about viewing habits , but not any personal information .
Mr. Juenger said TiVo hoped to find a way to change that by the end of the year .
Nielsen has started to measure how video recorders are used , but it has been caught in a fight between the networks and advertisers about how to classify the data it gathers .
Nielsen publishes three versions of its program ratings : how many people watched a program when it was originally broadcast , how many watched it within one day and how many within a week .
In the upfront negotiations over advertising rates this spring , major ad agencies refused to use these new measures as a basis for buying commercials , arguing that most recorded advertisements are skipped .
So for the next season , Nielsen will measure the number of people who actually have their set on during the commercials .
( Nielsen cannot measure whether viewers leave the room , just whether the commercials are played . )
At the insistence of the networks , the company will report the average audience for all of the commercials in a program .
While some advertisers want audience information broken out second by second , the networks argue that this level of detail is unreliable using the Nielsen system , which largely relies on meters that detect audio tones embedded in shows .
Do n't have time to watch it all ?
Let 's face it .
There 's a lot of movies out there and very little time to watch them in .
Well sit back and relax , because your troubles are solved !
We here at Movie - A - Minute have come up with a solution .
We 've taken several classic and contemporary movies and extracted the important stuff , cutting out all the filler .
( You 'd be surprised how much filler there is sometimes . )
With our ultra -condensed versions of your favorite films , you can experience whole movies in just one minute !
As an added bonus , Movie - A - Minute protects against torture by bad movies -- if you do n't have to sit through them , well , you do n't have to sit through them .
" That 's nice , " you say , " but I do n't believe you . "
Yah hah , skeptical soul !
We 've got our collection of ultra- condensed movies right here !
We 've got everything from Gone With the Wind to Die Hard !
See for yourself !
The Ultra-Condensed Movies
If you liked Movie - A - Minute , try our companion site :
RinkWorks
Movie - A- Minute is a RinkWorks production .
We invite you to visit our other features .
Talk Back
Talk to us !
We live to hear feedback from our readers .
So feel free to send email .
Please read this before you send your own condensed movies .
And please read this before you flame us .
Legalese
Titles and trademarks are the property of their owners .
The original material at this site is Copyright © 1998 - 2006 by Samuel Stoddard .
152 MPH Pedal Bicycle
Olympic Cyclist and IRONMAN triathlon winner , John Howard set a 152.2 Miles per Hour speed record at the Bonneville Salt Flats near Wendover , Utah on July 20 , 1985 .
He is drafting in the wake of a 500 Horsepower Streamliner .
This type of human powered record is called motor pacing .
The pace vehicle was modified by adding a large tail fairing to the 337 MPH record holding Vesco Streamliner .
The fairing keeps the wind off John and reduces the aerodynamic drag he is pedaling against to near nothing .
This type of record was invented by Charles " Mile - a - Minute Murphy " who drafted a train to set a 60 MPH record at the turn of the century .
A mile of plywood sheets was attached to the railroad ties , so Charles would have a smooth surface .
He had to be lifted onto the train just before they ran out of the plywood surface !
A company headed by President Bush ’s brother and partly owned by his parents is benefiting from Republican connections and federal dollars targeted for economically disadvantaged students under the No Child Left Behind Act .
With investments from his parents , George H.W. and Barbara Bush , and other backers , Neil Bush ’s company , Ignite !
Learning , has placed its products in 40 U.S. school districts and now plans to market internationally .
At least 13 U.S. school districts have used federal funds available through the president ’s signature education reform , the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001 , to buy Ignite ’s portable learning centers at $ 3,800 apiece .
The law provides federal funds to help school districts better serve disadvantaged students and improve their performance , especially in reading and math .
Advertisement
But Ignite does not offer reading instruction , and its math program will not be available until next year .
The federal Department of Education does not monitor individual school district expenditures under the No Child program , but sets guidelines that the states are expected to enforce , spokesman Chad Colby said .
Ignite executive Tom Deliganis said that “ some districts seem to feel OK ” about using No Child money for the Ignite purchases , “ and others do not . ”
Neil Bush said in an e-mail to The Times that Ignite ’s program had demonstrated success in improving the test scores of economically disadvantaged children .
He also said political influence had not played a role in Ignite ’s rapid growth .
Advertisement
“ As our business matures in the USA we have plans to expand overseas and to work with many distinguished individuals in Asia , Europe , the Middle East and Africa , ” he wrote .
“ Not one of these associates by the way has ever asked for any access to either of my political brothers , not one White House tour , not one autographed photo , and not one Lincoln bedroom overnight stay . ”
Funding laws unclear
Interviews and a review of school district documents obtained under the Freedom of Information
Act found that educators and legal experts were sharply divided over whether Ignite ’s products were worth their cost or qualified under the No Child law .
The federal law requires schools to show they are meeting educational standards , or risk losing critical funding .
If students fail to meet annual performance goals in reading and math tests , schools must supplement their educational offerings with tutoring and other special programs .
Advertisement
Leigh Manasevit , a Washington attorney who specializes in federal education funding , said that districts using the No Child funds to buy products like Ignite ’s would have to meet “ very strict ” student eligibility requirements and ensure that the Ignite services were supplemental to existing programs .
Known as COW , for Curriculum on Wheels ( the portable learning centers resemble cows on wheels ) , Ignite ’s product line is geared toward middle school social studies , history and science .
The company says it has developed a social studies program that meets curriculum requirements in seven states .
Its science program meets requirements in six states .
Most of Ignite ’s business has been obtained through sole - source contracts without competitive bidding .
Neil Bush has been directly involved in marketing the product .
In addition to federal or state funds , foundations and corporations have helped buy Ignite products .
The Washington Times Foundation , backed by the Rev. Sun Myung Moon , head of the South Korea - based Unification Church , has peppered classrooms throughout Virginia with Ignite ’s COWs under a $ 1 - million grant .
Advertisement
Oil companies and Middle East interests with long political ties to the Bush family have made similar bequests .
Aramco Services Co. , an arm of the Saudi - owned oil company , has donated COWs to schools , as have Apache Corp. , BP and Shell Oil Co .
Neil Bush said he is a businessman who does not attempt to exert political influence , and he called The Times ’ inquiries about his venture -- made just before the election -- “ entirely political . ”
Big supporters
Bush ’s parents joined Neil as Ignite investors in 1999 , according to U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission documents .
By 2003 , the records show , Neil Bush had raised about $ 23 million from more than a dozen outside investors , including Mohammed Al Saddah , the head of a Kuwaiti company , and Winston Wong , the head of a Chinese computer firm .
Advertisement
Most recently he signed up Russian fugitive business tycoon Boris A. Berezovsky and Berezovsky ’s partner Badri Patarkatsishvili .
Barbara Bush has enthusiastically supported Ignite .
In January 2004 , she and Neil Bush were guests of honor at a $ 1,000 - atable fundraiser in Oklahoma City organized by a foundation supporting the Western Heights School District .
Proceeds were earmarked for the purchase of Ignite products .
Organizer Mary Blankenship
Pointer said she planned the event because district students were “ utilizing Ignite courseware and experiencing great results .
Our students were thriving . ”
However , Western Heights school Supt .
Joe Kitchens said the district eventually dropped its use of Ignite because it disagreed with changes Ignite had made in its products .
“ Our interest waned in it , ” he said .
Advertisement
The former first lady spurred controversy recently when she contributed to a Hurricane Katrina relief foundation for storm victims who had relocated to Texas .
Her donation carried one stipulation :
It had to be used by local schools for purchases of COWs .
Texas accounts for 75 % of Ignite ’s business , which is expanding rapidly in other states , Deliganis said .
The company also has COWs deployed in North Carolina , Virginia , Nevada , California , the District of Columbia , Georgia and Florida , he said .
COWs recently showed up at Hill Classical Middle School in California ’s Long Beach Unified School District .
A San Jose middle school also bought Ignite ’s products but has since closed .
Advertisement
Neil Bush said Ignite has more than 1,700 COWs in classrooms .
Shift in strategy
But Ignite ’s educational strategy has changed dramatically , and some are critical of its new approach .
Shortly after Ignite was formed in Austin , Texas , in 1999 , it bought the software developed by another small Austin firm , Adaptive Learning Technology .
Adaptive Learning founder Mary Schenck - Ross said the software ’s interactive lessons allowed teachers “ to get away from the mass - treatment approach ” to education .
When a student typed in a response to a question , the software was designed to react and provide a customized learning path .
Advertisement
“ The original concept was to avoid ‘ one size fits all . ’
That was the point , ” said Catherine Malloy , who worked on the software development .
Two years ago , however , Ignite dropped the individualized learning approach .
Working with artists and illustrators , it created a large purple COW that could be wheeled from classroom to classroom and plugged in , offering lessons that could be played to a roomful of students .
The COWs enticed students with catchy jingles and videos featuring cartoon characters like Mr. Bighead and Norman Einstein .
On Ignite ’s website , a collection of teachers endorsed the COW , saying that it eliminated the need for lesson planning .
The COW does it for them .
The developers of Adaptive Learning ’s software complain that Ignite replaced individualized instruction with a gimmick .
Advertisement
“ It breaks my heart what they have done .
The concept was totally perverted , ” Schenck - Ross said .
Nevertheless , Ignite found many receptive school districts .
In Texas , 30 districts use COWs .
In Houston , where Neil Bush and his parents live , the district has used various funding sources to acquire $ 400,000 in Ignite products .
An additional $ 240,000 in purchases has been authorized in the last six months .
Correspondence obtained by The Times shows that Neil Bush met with top Houston officials , sent e-mails and left voice mail messages urging bigger and faster allocations .
An e-mail from a school procurement official to colleagues said Bush had made it clear that he had a “ good working relationship ” with a school board member .
Advertisement
Another Ignite official asked a Texas state education official to endorse the company .
In an e-mail , Neil Bush ’s partner Ken Leonard asked Michelle Ungurait , state director of social studies programs , to tell Houston officials her “ positive impressions of our content , system and approach . ”
Ungurait , identified in another Leonard e-mail as “ our good friend ” at the state office , told her superiors in response to The Times ’ inquiry that she never acted on Leonard ’s request .
Leonard said he did not ask Ungurait to do anything that would be improper .
Houston school officials gave Ignite ’s products “ high ” ratings in eight categories and recommended approval .
Advertisement
Some in Houston ’s schools question the expenditures , however .
Jon Dansby was teaching at Houston ’s Fleming Middle School when Ignite products arrived .
“ You ca n’t even get basics like paper and scissors , and we went out and bought them .
I just see red , ” he said .
In Las Vegas , the schools have approved more than $ 300,000 in Ignite purchases .
Records show the board recommended spending $ 150,000 in No Child funding on Ignite products .
Sources familiar with the Las Vegas purchases said pressure to buy Ignite products came from Sig Rogich , an influential local figure and prominent Republican whose fundraising of more than $ 200,000 for President Bush ’s 2004 reelection campaign qualified him as a “ Bush Ranger . ”
Advertisement
Rogich , who chairs a foundation that supports local schools , said he applied no pressure but became interested in COWs after Neil Bush contacted him .
Rogich donated $ 6,000 to purchase two COWs for a middle school named after him .
Christy Falba , the former Clark County school official who oversaw the contracts , said she and her husband attended a dinner with Neil Bush to discuss the products .
She said Rogich encouraged the district “ to look at the Ignite program ” but applied no pressure .
Mixed reviews
Few independent studies have been done to assess the effectiveness of Ignite ’s teaching strategies .
Neil Bush said the company had gotten “ great feedback ” from educators and planned to conduct a “ major scientifically valid study ” to assess the COW ’s impact .
The results should be in by next summer , he said .
Advertisement
Though Ignite ’s products get generally rave reviews from Texas educators , the opinion is not universal .
The Tornillo , Texas , Independent School District no longer uses the Ignite programs it purchased several years ago for $ 43,000 .
“ I would n’t advise anyone else to use it , ” said Supt .
Paul Vranish .
“ Nobody wanted to use it , and the principal who bought it is no longer here . ”
Ignite ’s website features glowing videotaped testimonials from teachers , administrators , students and parents .
Advertisement
Many of the videos were shot at Del Valle Junior High School near Austin , where school district officials allowed Ignite to film facilities and students .
In the video , a student named India says : “ I was feeling bad about my grades .
I did n’t know what my teacher was talking about . ”
The COW changed everything , the girl ’s father says on the video .
Lori , a woman identified as India ’s teacher , says the child was not paying attention until the COW was brought in .
The woman , however , is not India ’s teacher , but Lori Anderson , a former teacher and now Ignite ’s marketing director .
Ignite says Anderson was simply role - playing .
Advertisement
In return for use of its students and facilities , a district spokeswoman said Ignite donated a free COW .
Five others were purchased with district funds .
District spokeswoman Celina Bley acknowledged that regulations bar school officials from endorsing products .
But she said that restriction did not apply to the videos .
“ It is illegal for individuals to make an endorsement , but this was a districtwide endorsement , ” Bley said in an e-mail .
wally.roche@latimes.com
Tomdispatch Interview : Engelhardt , The Imperial Press and Me
[ Note to Tomdispatch readers :
The person who runs Tomdispatch is not usually the focus of this site , but I decided to make an exception and run this two - part Nick Turse interview with me .
It 's my way of announcing some Tomdispatch news :
All the interviews I 've done so far for the site are to be collected into a paperback that Nation Books will release late this October .
It will be entitled Mission Unaccomplished , Tomdispatch Interviews with American Iconoclasts and Dissenters and I 'll urge it on you at the proper moment .
This interview with me will end the book .
In the meantime , for any of you who might care to read my earlier writings , check out my history of American triumphalism , The End of Victory Culture ( from which I regularly crib passages for Tomgrams ) .
Studs Terkel called it " as powerful as a Joe Louis jab to the solar plexus . "
Or , for that vacation moment this summer , pick up my novel , The Last Days of Publishing , which focuses on the other world I 've inhabited -- as a book editor .
Herbert Gold wrote of it in the Los Angeles Times , " A satisfyingly virulent , comical , absurd , deeply grieving true portrait of how things work today in the sleek factories of conglomerate book producers ... a skillful novel of manners -- of very bad manners . "
Tom ]
Reading the Imperial Press Back to Front
A Tomdispatch Interview with Tom Engelhardt ( Part 1 )
Nick
Turse stands at the door , a frizz of curly black hair , a fringe of beard , in a dark T - shirt and green cargo pants .
Slung over his shoulder is a green backpack ( a water bottle sticking out of a side pouch ) so stuffed that he might well have been on a week 's maneuvers .
When I mention its size , he says , " Genuine military surplus , " smiles , and lets it drop to the floor with a thunk .
Immediately , he begins rummaging inside it and soon pulls out a tiny box sporting drawings of futuristic robot warriors and covered with Japanese characters ( but also with a tiny " Made in China " in English ) .
" Knowing your tastes , " he says , handing it to me .
He found it at a toy store in Tokyo on his way back from Vietnam .
Young as he is , he 's been in the government archives for years and is one of our foremost experts on American war crimes in Vietnam .
In fact , the combination of historic crimes and toys first brought us together at a diner a block from my apartment , perhaps three years ago .
I had written a book , in part on Vietnam , in part on how an American " victory culture " had once expressed itself in the world of children 's play .
He read it and was looking for a little advice on his work .
Soon after , he began sending out to friends his own homespun version of Tomdispatch and put me on his e-list .
Overwhelmed by such send - outs , I ignored his for a while , but he had such an eye for the place where toys , entertainment , and the military - industrial complex merged that I finally found myself paying attention , and one day called , asking if he would write a Tomgram on the subject .
The rest , as they say , is Tomdispatch history .
Now , in a busy life that includes writing two books and working a couple of jobs , he spends his spare time as the site 's associate editor and research director -- I may not have much money to offer but titles are plentiful -- and has become one of its more popular writers .
As we walk into the dining room , reviewing our past history , he says wryly , " You found me in the cabbage patch . "
For a brief moment , at the dining room table , we 're both absorbed in preparations .
Cellophane wrappers come off tapes that are clicked into tape recorders .
Then we seat ourselves and , for the first time since I began these interviews , I swivel my two machines so they face me .
Outside , on this late spring Sunday , the sky has darkened and rain is beginning to fall .
Nick says into his tape -- he 's the pro here , having interviewed many vets from the Vietnam era -- " May 21 , 2006 , Turse Interview with Tom Engelhardt "
And when I give him a quizzical look , he adds , " I do n't know how many tapes I 've gone through and then thought :
Who was I interviewing ?
Who is this guy ? "
Who is this guy turns out to be the theme of the afternoon .
Nick Turse :
Was there some eureka moment when you created Tomdispatch ?
Tom Engelhardt :
It was more an endless moment -- those couple of months after 9/11 when , for a guy who was supposedly politically sophisticated , my reactions were naïve as hell .
I had this feeling that the horror of the event might somehow open us up to the world .
It was dismaying to discover that , with the Bush administration 's help , we shut the world out instead .
What we engaged in were endless , repetitive rites that elevated us to the roles of greatest survivor , greatest dominator , and greatest victim , all the roles in the global drama except greatest evil one .
I 'm also a lifetime newspaper junkie .
I just could n't bear the narrowness and conformity of the coverage when I knew that this had been a shocking event , but that there was also a history to 9/11 .
It only seemed to come out of the blue .
I was a book editor by profession .
I had published Chalmers Johnson 's prophetic Blowback two years earlier .
I became intensely frustrated with the limited voices we were hearing .
At the same time , watching the Bush administration operate , I became increasingly appalled .
[ There 's a thunderclap outside . ]
Maybe it 's dramatic license to have thunder booming in the background now .
Look , I had been at the edges of the mainstream publishing world for almost thirty years and I 'd done useful work .
I had nothing to be embarrassed about .
I also had two reasonably grown - up kids and , looking at the world in perhaps early November 2001 , I had an overwhelming feeling -- maybe this was the eureka moment , though it crept up on me -- that I could n't simply go on as is .
We 're egocentric beings .
We tend to move out from the self .
Children are next , then spouse , friends , relatives , your city , your nation , the world .
I could n't bear to turn this world over to my children in this shape .
I had no illusions about what I could do .
I was n't imagining Tomdispatch .
I just felt I had to make a gesture .
NT : What was your initial vision then ?
TE : I had none .
This is very much me .
I was fifty - seven , an aging technophobe .
Computers scared me .
I had barely gotten email .
Thinking about this interview today , a passage came to mind from a book I edited years ago called To the Ends of the Earth .
A British expedition to Greenland in 1818 had a first meeting with a small group of the most northerly people on the planet
NT : These are Inuit ?
TE : Yes , four Inuit .
The Brits have an interpreter .
" What great creatures are these ? " the Inuit ask about the British sailing ships .
They 're houses made of wood , the interpreter replies .
" No , " they insist , " they are live .
We have seen them move their wings . "
Later , one of the tribesmen is brought closer .
Overcome with fear and astonishment , he cries out to the boat : " Who are you ?
What are you ?
Where do you come from ?
Is it from the sun or the moon ? "
Now , I was that tribesman and , for me , the world of the Internet was that wondrous , fearsome boat .
That November , I do n't think I yet realized that you could read a newspaper on line .
But a friend emailed me a piece from an Afghani living in California -- our Afghan War had just begun -- who wondered what it was like to bomb rubble because , after all those years of civil war , that 's all Afghanistan was .
The image stunned me exactly because you could n't find anything like it in our press .
And so I made up a little list , maybe twelve friends and relatives , and sent it off with a note saying , you 've got to read this , and that started me wandering the Internet looking for other voices we were n't hearing .
" Voices from elsewhere , even when the elsewhere is here " was what I used to say about the kind of book publishing I did .
I stumbled across Arundhati Roy 's pieces on imperial America .
I started reading the British Guardian , various papers around the world , piling up pieces and sending them out with little comments that got longer and longer .
Just an unnamed e-list .
Then people from the ether started writing in :
Hey , could you put me on your list ?
Some of them were journalists .
I did n't even know how they found me .
By then , I was doing it obsessively .
I could n't stop .
Maybe a year later , I had this list of four or five hundred e-beings .
At that moment , toward the end of 2002 , the wonderful fellow who runs the Nation Institute , Ham Fish , first suggested sponsoring it as a website .
It had never crossed my mind .
Even the name Tomdispatch began as a joke .
Friends of a friend started saying about my emails , " We got another Tomgram today . "
It struck me as funny and I do think , no matter how grim things may be , you have to remain somewhat amused with the world .
NT : So from a clipping service to a broader e-list and then a website .
TE : Next , I started asking friends to write original stuff for me .
The first Tomgram -- on Bush - administration - induced smallpox hysteria -- was by your former graduate school advisor , David Rosner .
The website barely existed then .
Almost no one saw it , which was sad since the piece was very good .
Remember , I had been editing and publishing for thirty years : Chalmers Johnson , Mike Klare , John Dower , Arlie and Adam Hochschild , Mike Davis , Jonathan and Orville Schell -- and all of them you can read at Tomdispatch .
That 's how it got close to where it is now , by complete happenstance , because I was too old to know better and just stumbled into this world where , along with the obvious disadvantages , my age has some advantages .
NT : Tell me about them .
TE : I bring some old - fashioned things to the on - line world .
However pressed for time , I still believe in the well - made , well - edited essay .
And length does n't scare me .
Everyone on - line is supposed to have the attention - span of a gnat , but counterintuitively I 'll run pieces of up to ten thousand words .
Sometimes the world just can't be grasped short .
So length defines -- and limits -- my site .
It signals that Tomdispatch is the product of obsessional activity , which means you probably have to be an addict to read it .
On the other hand , I 'm too old to fully appreciate people yakking at each other in something like real time .
You wo n't find that at Tomdispatch .
Because I started off writing for friends , my tone was informal , personal .
I kept that when I went public .
Though I do n't write a lot about myself , I suspect people feel I 'm speaking to them , as I hope I am .
NT : What about that tagline at the site , " a regular antidote to the mainstream media " and , by the way , tell me about the poison ?
TE : To start with that poison , as you put it , Tomdispatch is a 24/7 operation for which I do n't have 24/7 ; but every day I try to read the New York Times , my hometown paper , cover to cover .
Sometimes the Wall Street Journal .
The Washington Post , the Los Angeles Times , and several others on - line if I have the time .
Then I check Juan Cole , a great , thoughtful collecting site for Iraq and the Middle East and start visiting what I call " riot sites " like Antiwar.com or Commondreams or Truthout or ZNET or the War in Context that have a million headlines chosen by some interesting eye .
I 've always claimed that , when you read articles in the imperial press , the best way -- and I 'm only half - kidding -- is back to front .
Your basic front - page stories , as on the TV news , usually do n't differ that much from paper to paper .
It 's when you get toward the ends of pieces that they really get interesting .
Maybe because reporters and editors sense that nobody 's paying attention but the news junkies , so things get much looser .
You find tidbits the reporter 's slipped in that just fall outside the frame of the expectable .
That 's what I go looking for .
Sometimes it 's like glimpsing coming attractions .
Here are a couple of tidbits I picked up deep in the Times recently .
There was an interesting front - page piece by Sabrina Tavernisi , " As Death Stalks Iraq : Middle Class Exodus Begins . "
After the jump , pretty deep inside , there 's this line : " In all , 312 trash workers have been killed in Baghdad in the past six months . "
There it is : basic , good reporting that no one 's going to notice or pick - up on .
And yet it probably tells you just about everything you need to know about life in Baghdad today .
Forget the security forces , forget top officials .
Three hundred and twelve garbage men slaughtered .
Holy Toledo !
So that kind of reporting , hidden but in plain sight , can start me on an Iraq piece .
I mean , here 's the thing about the American press :
If you have the time , it 's all there somewhere .
But who , other than a news nut like me , has the time to look for it ?
Okay , here 's another by Jim Rutenberg .
This one , which greatly amused me , was tucked away on page twelve of the Times .
First , though , I have to say something about article placement .
Every spring , I become an editor to a group of young journalists at the Graduate School of Journalism in Berkeley .
And where do they read their news ?
Remember , these are professional news junkies .
They read it online !
Most of them do not read a daily paper daily .
" Why should I read the L.A. Times in print , " one of them told me , " when they 've posted their major stories the night before ? "
But if you do n't read the paper paper , you do n't see how it 's arranged and you miss all the little stories , some of which may be very big , buried deep inside the fold .
In a sense , my students do n't understand the organization of a newspaper .
Take the little Rutenberg piece , only ten paragraphs long , headlined , " With the President as the Guest , the Hostess Sends Regrets , " about how Republican House seats were starting to come into play .
It was a story that would hit the front pages only days later .
Here was the paragraph I loved , quoting a column elsewhere I had missed .
" The situation has been different for others who have clearly snubbed the president , like the Republican candidate for governor in Illinois , Judy Baar Topinka .
One of her aides told the syndicated columnist George Will last month that she wanted the president 's help to raise money only ' late at night ' and ' in an undisclosed location . ' "
Read that and you already know a lot about American politics at this second .
I was one of the few places , I 'm proud to say , insisting very early on that there was no bottom to Bush 's approval ratings .
Read deep into the paper and into articles , and you know enough to write pieces that look predictive but are n't .
Of course , this is also to acknowledge that most of the political Internet is parasitically based on reporting done in the mainstream media .
Without money , what other possibility could there be ?
NT : So it 's all there just buried in the back pages ?
TE : It 's the genius of the American press that you can always say something 's been covered , even when nobody sees it .
NT : So are they hiding it from us or do n't the editors notice those last paragraphs -- or care ?
TE : None of the above , I suspect .
My basic line is :
If you put three CPAs -- and my father - in - law was a CPA , so no disrespect intended -- and three journalists on stage and ask them to talk about their professions , the CPAs would be the introspective ones .
Journalists often do n't seem to have a clue about how their world actually works .
That 's probably one reason why it works as well as it does .
In states with propaganda machines , everyone knows how things work .
If you were in the old Soviet media , you knew you could write what the state or Party told you to write .
You knew you were a paid hack .
The American media does n't work that way .
It 's like a conspiracy of which nobody involved knows they 're a part .
It 's genius itself .
NT : Do you think you see the world differently than mainstream journalists or do you just say what they wo n't ?
TE : I tell my students : Look for wherever you 're askew our world , wherever there 's just that little crack of space between you and society .
Everyone has that somewhere .
Otherwise when you go out to report , you 'll just bring back what we all know anyway .
When I look back on the young Tom Engelhardt , I could n't have been more American normal .
I was deeply involved in what in a book I wrote I later came to call " victory culture , " the parades , the military , the on - screen glory .
I was an all - American boy in a way that maybe only a second or third - generation American could be .
You know , a Jewish kid who was completely hooked on American history , a nut in high school on the Civil War and World War II .
On my own , I memorized the inspiring speeches of generals .
Yet when I look back -- and I came from a liberal New York family ( nothing radical there ) --
I would say that from an early age , for reasons that still puzzle me , I was deeply anti-imperial .
Of course , that 's in the American grain too .
It still seems a defining aspect of me , and now of Tomdispatch .
I am just against everything that goes with empires , of which , I think , we 're one .
Back then , bored white kid , only child , living in the middle of New York City , probably feeling a little out of it even before teen awkwardness set in , I felt askew .
And I hated how that felt at the time , but it 's proved valuable since .
When I read a paper , my eyes just seem drawn to things that not everybody notices .
NT : Give me an example .
TE : Okay , here 's a piece in the Times by John Burns , a fine reporter , on the new Iraqi government just now being installed inside Baghdad 's fortified Green Zone , a unity government in which , as of today , the prime minister still can't name the three key ministers for security -- this , in a country where the whole issue is security , or the lack of it .
Anyway , Burns ' piece is labeled " news analysis , " and headlined , For Some , a Last , Best Hope for U.S. Efforts in Iraq .
Now my brain works by association .
I think best when I swim : metronomic motion , straight crawl .
Like those Magic 8 - Ball toys of my childhood , I just wait for the thoughts to rise onto the screen of my brain and surprise me .
I love imagery .
We 're such a metaphoric species .
My eye is always drawn to the metaphors we use without much thought .
I 've been following the Iraq news intimately for at least four years now and the American imagery has told such a story :
There were the first upbeat images after the invasion when we were teaching the Iraqi child -- as the likes of Rumsfeld and Bush put it -- how to take the " training wheels " off that bike of democracy .
So fabulously patronizing .
Then , as things got worse , you got your " turning points . "
( The President 's the only one left mentioning those these days . )
And with them went the " milestones " of progress , after each of which there would be a worse set of disasters until they kind of faded away and you got images instead of the invasion having opened a Pandora 's Box in Iraq .
Then , maybe six months ago , Americans officials made it to the metaphoric " precipice " and soon after looked into the " abyss " of civil war before " taking a step back . "
You saw such imagery quoted in the press all the time , usually from the mouths of the anonymous officials who swarm through such stories .
Now , Burns , today , has the newest Bush administration image .
I first noticed it when Condi Rice went to Baghdad at the end of April to twist arms and get the prime minister we wanted .
Officials in her party were quoted as saying that this was " a last chance , " which was , of course , absurd .
I mean , this situation has been devolving for four years .
A month of sectarian catastrophe later , Burns ' piece quotes yet more anonymous American " military and civilian officials " who feel they are " witnessing what might be the last chance to save the American enterprise in Iraq from a descent into chaos and civil war . "
If you keep reading , you find that we 're now at a " critical juncture , " kind of a turning point without the optimism ; then , that the Americans " played a muscular role in vetting and negotiating over the new cabinet . "
Now that 's a wonderful phrase , like we 're at the gym .
NT : It 's the strong arm .
TE : Yes , but so much more polite .
Then you discover that our ambassador , Zalmay Khalilzad , " acted as a tireless midwife in the birthing of the new government . "
Now , if this were , say , the Russians and some Central Asian autocracy , it would be strong - arming the locals and creating a puppet government .
And then , part way in , those " milestones " arrive .
The piece is a compendium of images from the Bush experience in Iraq -- with some new gems thrown in .
This is just the automatic writing of the press in a hurry .
But for me , it would be a jumping off place for a piece .
Reading newspapers , I 'm often aware of what an imperial planet we 're on .
Things only work in one direction .
Sometimes , just for the hell of it , I imagine flipping the directional signs .
For instance , a recent front - page New York Times piece about the CIA went essentially like this :
Good news !
Despite all its well - known problems , the Agency has bolstered its corps of spies , ramped up its on - the - ground capabilities , and we 're finally on the verge of breaking operatives into closed societies like , say , Iran .
I 'm thinking : Whoa , it does n't even faze us to proclaim to all and sundry that we have the right to mobilize vast numbers of covert operatives and put them in any other society of our choosing , for any kind of mayhem we might desire .
We broadcast that fact on the front pages of our major papers .
So flip this story .
Blazing headlines , the Tehran Times .
The Iranians announce that , despite years of problems , their intelligence agencies have just bolstered their spy corps significantly and proudly expect to be capable soon of seeding the closed society of Washington with covert teams of operatives .
We would be outraged .
We'd be bombing them tomorrow !
The fact is we 're allowed to talk and write in a way permitted to no other people on Earth .
It 's imperial freedom of speech .
Or imagine January 2008 .
A new American administration is coming into power and the " news analysis " in an Iraqi paper praises the " muscularity " of Iraq 's minister to Washington and the way he " midwived " the birth of the new government .
Of course , it 's not even imaginable .
There is no such world .
NT : If you wrote something like that , it would be labeled satire .
TE : I say to my students : Writing , like everything else in the universe , is essentially an energy transfer but a very weird one .
The energy of writing is something you hook a reader with .
It can drive readers through a piece .
Even if you 're writing about terrible things , there should be pleasure to the writing itself .
And humor , parody , satire , they 're powerful tools .
When things strike me as absurdly funny , I do n't hesitate , though our world is now so extreme that satire can easily be mistaken for the real thing , as confused or outraged letters from readers often remind me .
[ Note : Part 2 of Tom Engelhardt 's interview , " On Not Packing Your Bag and Heading Home When Things Go Wrong , " will be posted Thursday . ]
Copyright 2006 Tomdispatch
五郎の入り口に戻る
日付：2004/9/12
この文章は何なの か
「 天才柳沢教授の生活」という漫画で若き日の柳沢教授がこう言う
「 なぜ日本はあれほど愚かだったのか 」
幼少の頃か ら 「 日本軍（もしくは日本）は戦争の時こんなにバカでした」という話は嫌と言うほど目にした。曰く大艦巨砲主義、曰く情報を軽視した、曰く元々勝てる戦いではなかった、曰く竹槍でB-29を落とそうとした。
戦争に限らずスポーツでも企業でもそうだが敗因を挙げるということはとても楽しく、かつ容易なことなのだと思う。サッカーなら誰それを代表に選
ばなかったのか問題だ、誰それを出場させなかったのが問題だ、誰それを交代指せなかったのが問題だ。とにかく負けているのだから全ての「要因」を「敗因 」
とすることができる。もし結果が勝利であればそれらの全く同一の要因は「勝因」というラベルを貼られていたのかもしれない。事前にそういう分析をすればは
ずれることもあるが、結果が出た後なら言いたい放題である。
かくのとおり「敗因」の列挙は大変よく目にする。しかし冒頭に書いた柳沢教授の問いに対する答えを目にすることは大変少ない。すなわち
「 なぜあれほど愚かだったのか 」
失敗から何かを学ぼうと思えば、失敗の直接原因だけではなく、その背後にある根本的な原因にまで思いを巡らす必要があると思うのだ。
たとえば日本軍は米軍の物量に敗れた、という意見がある。しかしその意見は直接以下の疑問を引き起こす。
・米軍の国力、生産力について日本軍はかなり正確な見通しをたてるに十分な情報を得ていたはずだ。では何故「日本を打ち負かすだけの物量を持った」米国相手に戦争を始めたのか。
・ドイツ軍も米英ソの連合軍に対して物量で劣っていた。しかしながら戦争の末期近くまで局地的にドイツ陸軍が勝利を上げた例は存在していた。では日本軍にもそうした「物力で及ばぬながら局地的な勝利を得た」例はあったのか。なかったとすればその理由はなんなのか。
かくのごとく敗因-日本軍の愚かさ-についてはもう少し慎重に考える必要があると思うのだ。でなければそうした愚かさが今日にも引き継がれてい
るものなのか、そうでないのか。前者の主張に与する人は多いが、ではなぜ日本はあれほど無惨な負け方をした後これほどの興隆を観ているのか。疑問はつきな い。
などともんもんと考えているある日「ノモンハン」という本を読んでいた私はある事が気になりだした。その疑問はいくつかの要因につながっているのではないか、と反射的に考えたのである。
そこから何冊かの本をひっくり返したりぼけんと考えたり。かくしてこの文章を書き出すことになった。ここでは日本軍の「愚かさ」について網羅的
に考えることはしない。その代わり一つの要因だけについて考えてみる。そこから何か役に立つ結論が引き出せるのかそうでないのかはこれを書いている段階で はわからない。
----
「 敵を知り己を知れば百戦して危うからず」とか孫子の中の言葉であり、「敗因」について語るときに頻繁に引用される。その引用の仕方も「なるほど」と思える物から「なんでもこの言葉を出しておけばいいと思っているだろう」と思える物までいろいろだが。
日本軍が情報を軽視したことはよく知られている。情報担当と作戦担当の関係、あるいは情報収集能力自体の貧困さ等々。確かにそれは孫子の言葉を
引用にふさわしい。その結果は戦争中何度も繰り返された「敵を過小評価する」といった態度につながったかもしれない。何故そうなったかについてはいろいろ
と分析があるのだろう。しかし今回私が気にしたのはその点（直接）ではない。
情報を軽視したのは確かだが、私が知る限りそれは常に相手を侮る方向にエラーを起こしていたのだ。過大評価した例も無いことはないが、過小評価より遙かに頻度は少なかったのではないだろうか。
さらに調べていくとその情報軽視というのは、たとえば
「 情報を軽視していたが故、情報収集組織が貧弱だった」
とかいうレベルではないことに気がつく。更に考えると「情報を軽視した」という言葉が適当でないのではないかと思えてくる。
などと考えながら書き始めた頃、偶然あるインタビュー記事を読んだ。そして私がとりあげようとしていた内容が、決して過去の日本軍に特有の性質
ではなかったことを知る。それは昨今の流行語、「リスク管理」そのものだったのだ。何故そう考えるかについては後述するが、ここでは「熊とワルツを」トム・デマルコ/ティモシー・リスター著から以下の文を引用しておく。
チーム・リーダー 「 この件については明日会議を開きますが事態は悪化しそうです」
プロジェクト・マネジャー 「 では会議をやめよう 」
当時の日本陸軍に「浸透」していた思考方法もこれに近いものだったのだ。
「 ノモンハン 」より-初戦
「 ノモンハン」より-攻撃の 「 停滞 」
「 ノモンハン」より-壊滅と反撃の計画
太平洋戦争におけるいくつかのケース
リスク管理 -今日の問題
その中でできるこ と
堅牢なシステ ム
発生のしく み
ストックデールの逆 説
次の章
Welcome to CS1760
This course examines the theory and practice of multiprocessor synchronization .
Subjects covered include multiprocessor architecture , mutual exclusion , wait - free and lock - free synchronization , spin locks , monitors , load balancing , concurrent data structures , and transactional synchronization .
CS1760 meets Tuesdays and Thursdays , from 1:00 pm to 2:20 pm ( J Hour ) in Lubrano ( CIT 477 ) .
From now on , announcements will be communicated through the course listserv and our Piazza page .
If you 're not on the listserv you can join it through sympa .
If you were registered , your cs email should automatically be subscribed .
Accommodations
If you feel you have physical , psychological , or learning disabilities that could affect your performance in the course , we urge you to contact SEAS ( https://www.brown.edu/campus-life/support/accessibility-services/).
We will do whatever we can to support accommodations recommended by SEAS .
If you feel you need other accommodations outside the scope of SEAS , feel free to contact Maurice or the HTA .
We will do our best to work something out with you .
Mental Health
Being a student can be very stressful .
If you feel you are under too much pressure or there are psychological issues that are keeping you from performing well at Brown , we encourage you to contact Brown 's Counseling and Psychological Services .
They provide confidential counseling .
Coping with Unforeseen Events
If there are events that are upsetting to you , whether political , family - related , natural disaster - related , etc. , that affect your ability to do well in class , we are happy to take them into account with respect to our late and incomplete policies .
Please feel free to talk to Prof.
Herlihy or the HTA about this .
Anonymous Feedback
If you 'd like to give us feedback on how we 're doing , here 's a link to the form .
In his book Universal Natural History and Theory of Heaven , published in 1755 , Immanuel Kant proposed his nebular hypothesis of planet formation :
If we …consider this fundamental material of the planets whirling about in a state where it develops itself through the power of attraction and the mechanical consequence of the general law of repulsion , then we see a space which is contained between two planes standing not far from each other .
All the particles we can conceive have their mathematically precise circular orbits on this common plane , each proportional to the extent of its distance and to the force of attraction which governs there .
Because in such an arrangement they interfere with each other as little as possible , they would remain in this form for ever , if the force of attraction of these particles of basic matter did not then start to have an effect and initiate developments , thus producing the seeds of planets which are to arise .
For as the elements moving around the sun in parallel circles take up positions where the distances from the sun are not very different , circles which , because of the equality in the parallel movements , are almost in relative calm in relation to each other , then the force of elements there with an excessive specific power of attraction begins at once a significant process of collecting the nearest particles for the development of a body .
As the mass of its growing cluster increases , the power of attraction of this body expands , and elements from a wide area move to combine with it .
Kant ’s hypothesis that planets form from dusty debris orbiting stars has now been confirmed .
The analysis of images collected by the Hubble Space Telescope ( HST ) in 2000 show that an extra - solar planet is orbiting a star in the same plane as the star ’s disk of dust .
The planet , which is about the size of Jupiter , is orbiting a sun-like star called Epsilon Eridani , in the constellation Eridanus .
At 10.5 light years away , the planet is the nearest extra-solar to be found so far .
It is the kind of planet that could harbor extraterrestrial life .
The work was carried out by a University of Texas team led by Barbara E. McArthur , and is being presented today at the 38th Annual Division of Planetary Sciences meeting in Pasadena , California .
These images are unrelated to the new findings , but they ’re so beautiful I could n’t resist posting them .
From top to bottom , the images are of a stellar spire in the Eagle Nebula , the Crab Nebula , the Black Eye galaxy ( M64 ) , and the barred spiral galaxy NGC1300 .
( From the HubbleSite . )
Incredibly , the view in the top image is 57 trillion miles high .
One of the finger - like projections near the middle of the gaseous tower is about the same width as our solar system .
The blue at the top of the image is glowing oxygen , and the red at the bottom is hydrogen .
Inside the tower , stars may be forming as the gases swirl around due to the force of gravity .
This puts the gases under immense pressure , increasing their temperature .
Once that temperature is high enough , hydrogen nuclei begin fusing , and a star is born .
The image was taken in November 2004 .
The Crab nebula is a 6 - light - year - wide supernova remnant about 6,500 light years away .
It was recorded by Chinese and Japanese astronomers in 1054 .
This is a composite of 24 separate images taken by the HST between October 1999 and December 2000 .
The Black Eye galaxy , or Messier Object 64 ( M64 ) was formed by the collision of two galaxies .
The galaxy is approximately 17 million light years from Earth .
In the 1990s , it was discovered that gas in the outer regions of M64 rotates in the opposite direction to the gas and stars on the inside .
Because of the resolution of this image , blue and red supergiant stars , star clusters and star - forming regions can be made out in the arms of the spiral .
This galaxy is approximately 69 million light years away , in the direction of the constellation Eridanus , where the planet investigated by McArthur and her team is located .
Because people today are a lot less happy than they were 20 years ago ?
If so , it 's hard to prove .
The surveys show that , while we 're no happier than we were 20 or even 50 years ago , neither are we any less happy .
Of course , in that time we 've seen big increases in the incidence of suicide , divorce , drug - taking , crime and depression , so we must be doing something wrong .
It could be that more of us , caught up in the rush and grind of big - city life , have come to wonder whether the race is still making sense and are attracted to the notion of taking a breather to think about whether we could make our lives happier than they are .
If so , there 's no better time than the summer lull to make a pit stop .
When you do , you see many aspects of modern life are pushing us in the opposite direction to the things that really matter .
Here are my conclusions on how to be happy , based in equal parts on the opinions of experts and my experience .
If you think you detect my Salvo upbringing showing through , just remember it 's a sermon preached primarily to myself .
First , focus on the human , not the material .
This is the most basic mistake we 've been making in our preoccupation with economic efficiency and ever - increasing production and consumption of goods and services .
The evidence is clear that our greatly improved material standard of living has n't made us any happier .
And it 's not just that our heightened materialism has failed to work .
There 's evidence that those who strive most for wealth tend to live with lower wellbeing .
It 's just as clear that our preoccupation with earning has tended to crowd out relationships .
Ed Diener , professor of psychology at the University of Illinois and father of the study of wellbeing , insists there 's no single , easy answer that will make everyone happy .
But first on his short list of " steps people can take to ensure they are as happy as they can be " is : " We need good friends and family , and we may need to sacrifice to some extent to ensure we have intimate , loving relationships - people who care about us and about whom we care deeply . "
Another authority , David Myers , professor of psychology at Hope College , Michigan , also gives top billing to close , supportive relationships .
" We humans have what today 's psychologists call a deep ' need to belong ' . "
Those supported by intimate friendships or a committed marriage are much likelier to declare themselves " very happy " , he says .
" Resolve to nurture your closest relationships : to not take those closest to you for granted , to display to them the sort of kindness that you display to others , to affirm them , to play together and share together . "
Second , work on making other people happy , not yourself .
That 's the trick .
As with some other things in life , happiness is best pursued indirectly .
If you 're forever asking yourself , " Am I happy ?
Am I happy ? " the answer will be no .
The watched pot never boils .
Acting directly to make yourself feel happy leads you to hedonistic self - indulgence , which may bring pleasure , but only fleetingly .
If you focus on the wellbeing of others , however , every so often you wake up and realise that , though you had n't noticed , you are happy .
And do n't stop at family and friends .
In the BBC documentary series Making Slough Happy , a team of experts gave 50 volunteers a program of steps to help them " plant the seeds of happiness " throughout the town .
One was : smile at or say hello to a stranger at least once each day .
Myers says happiness increases helpfulness - those who feel good , do good .
But doing good also makes you feel good .
Happy people tend to be active , not passive .
They have a purpose in life .
They set themselves goals and achieve them .
They strive - not for just personal advancement but to make the world a better place in some small way .
Purpose gives us a greater sense of meaning and , often , a greater sense of personal control - all of which adds to our satisfaction with life .
Gordon Livingston , the psychiatrist author of Too Soon Old , Too Late Smart , says the three components of happiness are someone to love , something to look forward to and something to do .
As we ponder the indirect approach , here 's another paradox , hot off the academic press : after reviewing 225 studies of happiness , Dr Sonja Lyubomirsky , of the University of California , and colleagues found that happiness leads to success in work , relationships and health , not the other way around .
Happy individuals are predisposed to seek new goals in life , leading to success , which also reinforces their already positive emotions .
Third , seek benefits that are intrinsic , not instrumental .
Do things for their own sake , not because of the income or status you hope they will bring you .
This is particularly true of work .
Humans were built to work and work well done is capable of bringing us great satisfaction .
But in these days of heightened materialism , bosses overlook the need to make work emotionally rewarding and workers are tempted to seek work that 's higher paid though less satisfying .
Life 's too short to spend 40 hours - plus a week doing something you hate , just because the money 's better .
As the defence forces recruitment ad says , find a job you love and you 'll never have to work again .
It 's better to forget the money and try to get into a virtuous circle : you like the work because you 're good at it and you 're good at it because you like it .
With any luck , pay rises follow .
Worked for me .
Education 's much the same story .
It 's more enjoyable and beneficial if you can find an interest in the subject for its own sake rather than seeing it as no more than a path to a good job .
Uni lecturer mates tell me that , whenever they stray into some related area of interest , their students are always demanding , " Is this examinable ? "
If it 's not , they do n't want to know .
As for status and social comparisons , the more we can train ourselves not to care , the happier we 'll be .
We should worry about how people feel - that is , be considerate - but not about what they think of us .
And then there 's the matter of " flow " , a term coined by the American psychologist Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi to describe the state we 're in when we 're so absorbed in what we 're doing we lose consciousness of self and time .
Again , you realise you were happy only in retrospect .
Flow can be experienced at work , but also in leisure activities - gardening , craft work , even socialising .
Fourth , strive for balance .
We have an increasing tendency to go overboard in one direction or the other , but contrast is enjoyable - a change is as good as a holiday - and a balanced life is likely to be more satisfying .
Work is good , a career is good , family is good and leisure is good .
It 's just a question of getting a decent balance .
Work hard and play hard is n't a bad motto - though that may be a bit exhausting for workers with young families .
It 's a mistake to dream of never having to work .
If you never work , you never get a holiday .
Part of the trick to achieving a satisfactory balance between different aspects of your life is to make sure you do n't get confused between means and ends .
Extremists - workaholic bosses , in particular - are always trying to make us feel guilty about too many public holidays , four weeks ' annual leave and not wanting to work at weekends .
Nonsense .
What 's the point of being comfortably off materially - as most of us are - if we can't enjoy our prosperity ?
And enjoying it takes time .
As does maintaining a good relationship with our kids .
The key to better balancing your life is to be less wedded to working long hours to make the money to buy the stuff to keep up with your neighbours .
Be less greedy about stuff and also about things to do .
When I had a young family but wanted to spend a fair bit of time at work , I decided to reduce my life to two elements : work and family .
When I was n't at work I 'd be at home and when I was n't at home I 'd be at work .
Why do we feel pushed for time even at the weekend ?
Because we have such a wide choice of things to do .
Trying to fit in too many of them is a form of greed , which leaves us feeling unsatisfied and unrefreshed .
Fifth , cultivate optimism and practise contentment .
There 's much evidence that optimistic people tend to be happier .
These are people who think their failures result from bad luck , not their flawed abilities .
They always see the glass as half full .
Their assessments may not always be realistic , but they 're always conducive to positive emotions .
It seems likely that our optimistic or pessimistic temperament is inherited .
If so , a large part of our satisfaction with life comes from genetic programming .
But many psychologists argue that a genetic predisposition can be overridden by environment and behaviour modification .
Myers 's advice is to act happy .
" We can sometimes act ourselves into a frame of mind .
Manipulated into a smiling expression , people feel better .
So put on a happy face .
Talk as if you feel positive self - esteem , are optimistic and are outgoing .
Going through the motions can trigger the emotions . "
It may sound like Sunday school , but hard - boiled psychologists are always urging us to count our blessings .
Name them one by one , in fact .
Professor Martin Seligman , founder of positive psychology and author of the highly recommended Authentic Happiness , says his practice is " to begin and end each day with thanks for whatever is going on in my life .
Saying ' I am grateful ' for all that I have , all the people in my life , and the opportunity to make a difference constantly reinforces the understanding that I have much to be grateful for in my life . "
Diener says we need to control how we look at the world .
" We need to train ourselves not to make a big deal of trivial little hassles , to learn to focus on the process of working towards our goals ( not waiting to be happy until we achieve them ) and to think about our blessings ( making a habit of noticing the good things in our lives ) . "
Also , practise contentment .
With our own lot , of course , not the lot of the underprivileged .
Prosperous people can make themselves discontented by continually wishing for just a little more .
Myers says happiness seems less a matter of getting what you want than of wanting what you 've got .
If you must compare your material score with that of others , compare down not up .
Sixth , get back to nature .
Humans switched from hunting and gathering to farming just 10,000 years ago .
In that blink of an eye , human civilisation and sophistication has progressed far further than our evolution as a species can possibly match .
The result is a mismatch between our bodies and our technology that can lead to malfunctions .
For instance , we 've applied our technology to improving our food supply on the one hand and taking the physical effort out of work on the other .
Result : an obesity epidemic .
We 're happier if we do more to accommodate our unevolved bodies .
I 've found the best artificial prop to happiness is exercise - because it 's not artificial .
Like many , I 've become addicted to the endorphin rush .
Try it .
Then there 's adequate sleep .
I spent most of my life trying to raise my personal efficiency by minimising the time wasted in sleep .
Now , having read a bit about the topic , I 'm trying to raise my efficiency by making sure I get all the sleep I need .
Now there 's research suggesting our mental health requires regular contact with grass and trees .
Speaking of which , I 'm off for a holiday in the bush .
See ya .
One goal in my day to day work is to quantify events in a systemic way .
System administrators are in a unique position to view the network , servers , clients , software and the ways that they interact .
While good software development depends on abstracting away as many things as you can , good system administration depends on understanding how the layers interact .
For example , a good developer will abstract away the type of database he is connecting to .
There is a small shim that can be adjusted so that the program runs with no changes on Oracle or PostgreSQL , for example .
The Java language itself depends on abstracting away the entire computer by implementing a virtual machine that acts consistently over differing operating systems , or even different CPU architectures .
A Java programmer does n’t care that he is running on Solaris Sparc or Linux MIPS or Windows X86 , or whether the CPU is big-endian or little - endian .
However , a good system administrator does care , and should know the difference .
System administration is about removing layers to solve problems that occur when the abstractions break down .
Joel Spolsky refers to this as “ The Law of Leaky Abstractions . ”
All non-trivial abstractions , to some degree , are leaky .
Some have compared system admins to the plumbers of the IT world .
Like plumbing , the effects of system administration disappear when everything is working .
Only when things start to leak , and shit starts to hit the fan ( literally or figuratively ) does it become noticeable .
There seems to be one breed of system administrator that thrives on fixing problems .
Imagine the server going down , and the mayor frantically paging the heroic sysadmin with the Bat Signal .
Our hero drops into the storm with his combat boots and trusty Leatherman , typing arcane commands , drinking Mountain Dew and cursing at everyone around him .
Suddenly , joyous shouts erupt as the users discover their work can continue .
Everyone cheers the SysOp , while he struts back to his Bat Cave , until the next Bat Time , at the same Bat Channel .
How does one measure the performance of the lone rogue sysadmin troubleshooter against another that has carefully scheduled downtime , and the system “ just works ” ?
Is the system with less downtime more reliable because of the work of the system administrator , or are they just lucky ?
How does one compensate the hero who fixes every problem solved , verses someone that never demonstrates this ability because the system never goes down ?
What of the sysadmin who has unreliable hardware or buggy software forced on him by upper management or customer demand ?
A lot of companies want to measure metrics like uptime , but is it even possible to properly measure 99.99 % uptime , and does that have any correlation to the person running the system ?
99.9 % uptime amounts to approximately 42 minutes of downtime in a single month , but many of the tools used to measure the availability of the system have a minimum time resolution of 1 minute .
For example , you want to test that your website is up and available to your users , so you write a script that makes an HTTP request and returns the result .
It sends you e-mail if it does n’t get a response .
However , the standard UNIX cron utility that schedules tasks can only run once per minute .
With a CPU running millions of instructions per second and servers typically having multiple processors , one minute is too long .
But , if we magically invent a utility that can schedule and execute your script once per second , suddenly your server is overwhelmed by these requests and your script itself brings the system to a halt .
What if you have a process that crashes and restores itself in less time than your monitoring tool checks ?
You would n’t consider a server that crashed every 30 seconds reliable , but most monitoring software can’t tell the difference .
Recently , I upgraded our company ’s e-mail server because it was crashing under an ever increasing load of spam .
The new software was more efficient and no longer crashed , however this meant it was also more efficient at delivering spam .
I was happy because I was n’t getting pages to restart the mail server , but the average user actually saw more spam in their in - boxes .
It is difficult to explain to the average person who just wants to read and send e-mail how complex the system is and how upgrading the software was the right thing to do .
Most people do n’t understand that e-mail is n’t guaranteed instant delivery , and that mail servers will attempt redelivery if it ca n’t get through to a server .
In our case , when the server was flooded by spammers , all the legitimate e-mail eventually got through while some spam probably did n’t ( spammers typically wo n’t retry delivery when they ca n’t connect ) .
Now , both spam and ham get through equally quick .
Of course , we are working on ways to reduce the spam , but it is an almost intractable problem when you have thousands of people around the world working day and night to devise clever ways to deliver their junk .
One thing that is important from a sysadmin point of view is to document and explain the problem both upwards to management and downwards to the clients and customers .
To quantify the problem I ’m using log analysis tools to graph the problem over time .
Now that I have hard data , I can start to formalize the problem and test the validity of various hypotheses to solve it .
The challenge , as with uptime statistics is to find numbers that are accurate without introducing a sort of Heisenburg effect from monitoring and then presenting the numbers in a way so that the people who depend on the sysadmin to get their work done can evaluate whether that person is doing a good job or not .
I ’m not sure there is any magic bullet , but it is clear to me that applying some science to the art of system administration can aid in communication , diagnosis and ultimately problem resolution .
It is an area I will be expending more brain slices on in the future and on this blog .
Albums are getting louder and the sound quality is suffering .
Audiophiles and engineers despair of the trend , but who is driving it ?
" I ca n't stand the sound of today 's CDs , " says Roland Stauber , a 39 - year - old music lover who works in the automotive industry .
" They sound harsh and loud .
I hardly buy new releases any more . "
Music nostalgia is nothing new , but this is different .
There are solid technical reasons why CDs mastered today sound inferior to those made 15 years ago .
The engineers who make the " master " - the mix from which the CD is pressed - are under irresistible pressure to compromise sound quality .
Tim Young masters albums at the Metropolis Studios in London .
He has impeccable credentials , having worked with bands from the Clash and the Smiths back in the 1970s to Madonna , Iron Maiden and the Sugababes today .
" Everyone 's chasing immediate impact , " he explains .
" What happens is all the loud parts of the album have to be as loud as the opening track .
So you get a fatiguing effect .
There 's no light and shade in it . "
Young has first - hand experience of the " loudness wars " , where studios compete to make ever louder CDs .
" When CDs emerged as a format in the mid-80s , there was n't a great deal you could do to make them louder .
In the first half of the 1990s , various [ electronics ] boxes started to appear that meant you could get more apparent loudness .
Mastering engineers , initially in America , started using these to make CDs louder .
The impact travelled across the Atlantic , " he says .
Damaged music
" In 1992 I did an album for a British heavy metal band .
I got a panic - stricken message from their A&R man in America , saying ' We 're really worried , the new album , it 's not as loud as Aerosmith ' or something .
That was the start of it . "
Of course , the mastering engineer has no control over how loud a CD gets played .
But this is about the volume of the low - level signal encoded on the CD .
Artists and record companies hope that louder music will stand out , but in practice the listener may just turn it down .
Unfortunately , the techniques used to maximise the volume are damaging the music itself .
Steve Hoffman specialises in remastering classic rock albums , and he 's a vocal opponent of the loudness wars .
Asked to comment on recent releases , one from Lily Allen and the other from the Arctic Monkeys , he says : " Everything is loud , everything is bright , there 's no subtlety in it at all , it 's a sound that one would tire of fairly quickly . "
Why does it sound bad ?
" A lot of signal processing is in the mastering stage , the type of processing that was almost impossible in the old days of analogue , " says Hoffman .
" Now you have digital workstations which mercilessly zap all the dynamics out of music .
The other problem is overuse of equalisation ( EQ ) .
Equalisation done digitally is very harsh , and most mastering engineers tend to overuse it .
You just crank up the EQ and then you compress it digitally so everything sounds like a machine gun , and then it all sounds really loud .
" Unfortunately , once the dynamics are shaved off music , it 's impossible to get them back , " says Hoffman .
" It does n't matter what volume you 're playing at .
When everything is loud , it does n't sound loud any more .
The only way that something can sound loud is if there 's something quiet that precedes it , or else there 's no frame of reference . "
Jason Howse is a sound engineer who has worked with artists including Diva , Faceless and A Guy Called Gerald .
Referring to dance music , he said : " You basically want the record as loud as you can possibly get it , because it 's going to be played in an environment where level is everything . "
But why not use the volume control to avoid the loss of dynamic range ?
" That would be the thing to do , " he answered , " but it 's just what 's demanded from record companies , not from the listener , but from record companies and artists . "
Mastering engineers have little choice .
" One of the myths that I 'd like to eradicate is that this is all down to mastering engineers going crazy with their controls , " says Young .
" It 's not .
It 's the artists and the producers who demand it .
" I had a famous 60s singer who 's making a comeback this year .
I 'd mastered his album and I said , ' What do you think of it ? '
He said , ' It 's great , but it 's not as loud as the new Paul Simon .
You 've got to make it louder ' . "
Hitting the wall
How much does it matter ?
To a small but vociferous minority it matters a lot .
Internet forums buzz with discussions about which older CD or LP release has the best sound as fans seek out the music of their youth .
" There 's nothing wrong with distorted over - limited CDs per se , " says Graham Sutton , a musician with Bark Psychosis and a sound engineer .
" It 's all aesthetics , after all .
But what might suit Whitehouse or Merzbow might not be right for Norah Jones .
It 's now at the point where CDs cannot get any louder , just more distorted .
" The brick wall has been reached .
I wonder how long it will be before the record companies re-re- release their back catalogue , re-re- mastered for additional dynamic range ? "
· Compromised CDs
Lily Allen
Alright , Still ( Regal , 2006 )
This bouncy pop might sound better if it were not mastered for loudness at the expense of dynamic range .
Iggy Pop and the Stooges
Raw Power ( Columbia , 1997 )
Remixed by Pop in 1997 , this remains among " the loudest CDs ever made " .
Red Hot Chili Peppers
Californication ( Warner , 1999 )
Criticised for excessive compression and distortion .
Subject of an online petition calling for a reissue .
Oasis
( What 's the Story ) Morning Glory ( Creation , 1995 )
Exceptionally loud album that forced others to compete in volume .
Rush
Vapor Trails ( Warner , 2002 )
" I can't get into this album at all , it lacks clarity , the songs sound the same , " says one user review on Amazon .
The overloud mastering may be to blame for this perception .
Paul Simon
Surprise ( Warner , 2006 )
Even long - established folk stars are competing in the loudness wars , to the detriment of the sound quality .
· If you 'd like to comment on any aspect of Technology Guardian , send your emails to tech@theguardian.com
Even in our advanced , technology - based society , we still live largely at the mercy of the weather .
It influences our daily lives and has an enormous impact on corporate revenues and earnings .
Until recently , there were very few financial tools offering companies protection against weather - related risks .
However , the inception of the weather derivative — making the weather a tradeable commodity — has changed all this .
Here we look at how the weather derivative was created , how it differs from insurance and how it works as a financial instrument .
Weather Is Risky Business
It is estimated that nearly 20 % of the U.S. economy is directly affected by the weather , and the profitability and revenues of virtually every industry — agriculture , energy , entertainment , construction , travel , and others — depend to a great extent on the vagaries of temperature , rainfall , and storms .
In a 1998 testimony to Congress , former commerce secretary William Daley stated ;
Weather is not just an environmental issue , it is a major economic factor .
At least $ 1 trillion of our economy is weather - sensitive .
﻿ ﻿
The risks businesses face due to weather are somewhat unique .
Weather conditions tend to affect volume and usage more than they directly affect the price .
An exceptionally warm winter , for example , can leave utility and energy companies with excess supplies of oil or natural gas ( because people need less to heat their homes ) .
Or an exceptionally cold summer can leave hotel and airline seats empty .
Although the prices may change somewhat as a consequence of unusually high or low demand , price adjustments do n't necessarily compensate for lost revenues resulting from unseasonable temperatures .
Finally , weather risk is also unique in that it is highly localized , cannot be controlled and , despite great advances in meteorological science , still cannot be predicted precisely and consistently .
Temperature as a Commodity
Until recently , insurance has been the main tool used by companies for protection against unexpected weather conditions .
But insurance provides protection only against catastrophic damage .
Insurance does nothing to protect against the reduced demand businesses experience as a result of weather that is warmer or colder than expected .
In the late 1990s , people began to realize if they quantified and indexed weather in terms of monthly or seasonal average temperatures and attached a dollar amount to each index value , they could , in a sense , " package " and trade weather .
In fact , this sort of trading would be comparable to trading the varying values of stock indices , currencies , interest rates , and agricultural commodities .
The concept of weather as a tradeable commodity , therefore , began to take shape .
" In contrast to the various outlooks provided by the government and independent forecasts , weather derivatives trading gave market participants a quantifiable view of those outlooks , " noted Agbeli Ameko , former managing partner of energy and forecasting firm EnerCast .
In 1997 , the first over - the - counter ( OTC ) weather derivative trade took place , and the field of weather risk management was born .
According to Valerie Cooper , former executive director of the Weather Risk Management Association , an $ 8 billion weather derivatives industry developed within a few years of its inception .
In Contrast to Weather Insurance
In general , weather derivatives cover low - risk , high - probability events .
Weather insurance , on the other hand , typically covers high - risk , low - probability events , as defined in a highly customized policy .
For example , a company might use a weather derivative to hedge against a winter forecasters think will be 5° F warmer than the historical average ( a low - risk , high - probability event ) .
In this case , the company knows its revenues would be affected by that kind of weather .
The same company would also most likely purchase an insurance policy for protection against damage caused by a flood or hurricane ( high - risk , low - probability events ) .
CME Weather Futures
In 1999 , the Chicago Mercantile Exchange ( CME ) took weather derivatives a step further and introduced exchange - traded weather futures and options on futures — the first products of their kind .﻿﻿ OTC weather derivatives are privately negotiated , individualized agreements made between two parties .
But CME weather futures and options on futures are standardized contracts traded publicly on the open market in an electronic auction type of environment , with continuous negotiation of prices and complete price transparency .
Broadly speaking , CME weather futures and options on futures are exchange - traded derivatives that , by means of specific indexes , reflect monthly and seasonal average temperatures of select U.S. and international cities .﻿﻿
These derivatives are legally binding agreements made between two parties and settled in cash .
Each contract is based on the final monthly or seasonal index value determined by MDA EarthSat , an international firm specializing in geographic information technologies .
Speedwell Weather helps determine values for international contracts .﻿﻿
EarthSat works with temperature data provided by the National Climate Data Center ( NCDC ) .﻿﻿
The data it provides is used widely throughout the over - the - counter weather derivatives industry as well as by CME .
Figure 1 - A weather derivative table quoting prices of May 2005 contracts .
Source : Chicago Mercantile Exchange Weather-i™
Weather contracts on U.S. cities for the winter months are tied to an index of heating degree day ( HDD ) values .
These values represent temperatures for days when energy is used for heating .
The contracts for U.S. cities in the summer months are geared to an index of cooling degree day ( CDD ) values , which represent temperatures for days on which energy is used for air conditioning .﻿﻿
Both HDD and CDD values are calculated according to how many degrees a day 's average temperature varies from a baseline of 65° Fahrenheit .
Also , the day 's average temperature is based on the maximum and minimum temperatures from midnight to midnight .﻿﻿
Measuring Daily Index Values
An HDD value equals the number of degrees the day 's average temperature is lower than 65° F .
For example , a day 's average temperature of 40° F would give you an HDD value of 25 ( 65 - 40 = 25 ) .
If the temperature exceeded 65° F , the value of the HDD would be zero .
This is because in theory there would be no need for heating on a day warmer than 65° .﻿﻿
Figure 2 - Table summarizing daily average temperatures and the corresponding HDD and its impact on the relevant contract
A CDD value equals the number of degrees an average daily temperature exceeds 65° F .
For example , a day 's average temperature of 80° F would give you a daily CDD value of 15 ( 80 - 65 = 15 ) .
If the temperature were lower than 65° F , the value of the CDD would be zero .
Again , remember that in theory there would be no need for air conditioning if the temperature were less than 65 ° F .﻿﻿
For European cities , CME's weather futures for the HDD months are calculated according to how much the day 's average temperature is lower than 18° Celsius .
However , CME weather futures for the summer months in European cities are based not on the CDD index but on an index of accumulated temperatures , the cumulative average temperature ( CAT ) .﻿﻿
Measuring Monthly Index Values
A monthly HDD or CDD Index value is simply the sum of all daily HDD or CDD values recorded that month .
And seasonal HDD and CDD values are the accumulated values for the winter or summer months .﻿﻿
For example , if there were 10 HDD daily values recorded in November 2016 for the city of Chicago , the Nov 2016 HDD index would be the sum of the 10 daily values .
Thus , if the HDD values for the month were 25 , 15 , 20 , 25 , 18 , 22 , 20 , 19 , 21 and 23 , the monthly HDD index value would be 208 .
The value of a CME weather futures contract is determined by multiplying the monthly HDD or CDD value by $ 20 .﻿ ﻿
In the example above , the CME November weather contract would settle at $ 4,160 ( $ 20 x 208 = $ 4,160 ) .
Who Uses Weather Futures ?
Current users of weather futures are primarily companies in energy - related businesses .
However , there is growing awareness and signs of potential growth in the trading of weather futures among agricultural firms , restaurants , and companies involved in tourism and travel .
Many OTC weather derivative traders also trade CME Weather futures for purposes of hedging their OTC transactions .﻿﻿
Osama 's Nightmare Las Vegas in the Arabian Desert
Dubai has sold its soul to globalization like few cities have .
A glittering capitalist fantasyland has taken shape at the heart of the Arab world .
It 's a center of international trade , a holiday paradise and a carnival rolled into one .
Von Ullrich Fichtner
Lauren Greenfield
Named “ the foremost visual chronicler of the plutocracy ” by the New York Times , acclaimed Emmy - winning documentary photographer / filmmaker Lauren Greenfield is also widely considered the preeminent chronicler of popular culture , gender and consumerism , as a result of her monographs “ Fast Forward ” , “ Girl Culture ” , “ THIN ” , “ Generation Wealth ” and other photographic works , which have been widely published , exhibited , and collected by museums around the world , including the Art Institute of Chicago , Los Angeles County Museum of Art ( LACMA ) , the J. Paul Getty Museum , the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art ( SFMOMA ) , Smithsonian , the International Center of Photography , the Center for Creative Photography , and the Museum of Fine Arts ( Houston ) .
In 2015 , Greenfield directed the record - breaking Superbowl and viral spot “ # LikeAGirl ” ( 90 + million downloads and 12 billion impressions ) which was voted by YouTube as the third best ad of the decade .
Sweeping the advertising awards of 2015 , Greenfield was named the # 1 director and Most Awarded Director by AdAge , the first woman in commercial history to ever top this list , the spot won a 2015 Emmy , 14 Lions ( including the Titanium Lion ) at the Cannes Festival of Creativity , 7 Clios , 5 Art Directors , 8 pencils at the D & AD Awards , and the Best in Show at the AICP Awards , upon which it became part of the Museum of Modern Art ( MoMA ) collection .
Additionally , ESPN has named her one of their Top 25 Impact Influencers of 2015 and the recently released sequel “ Unstoppable Like a Girl ” is one of the top 10 YouTube ads of 2015 , having received 80 million impressions to date .
In January 2019 , Greenfield founded Girl Culture Films , a new commercial production company dedicated to bringing A - list female directing talents to the worlds of advertisement and branded content .
In addition , Girl Culture Films will develop and produce scripted and non-scripted projects for theatrical , broadcast , and streaming platforms .
Greenfield ’s Generation Wealth film opened the 2018 Sundance Film Festival , screened at Berlinale , SXSW , and is now in wide global release by Amazon Studios .
In January 2019 , the Writers Guild of America nominated Generation Wealth for Best Documentary screenplay , and The Motion Picture Sound Editors guild nominated Generation Wealth for Best Sound Editing / Feature Documentary .
Generation Wealth also garnered her The Paris Photography Prize ( PX3 ) and the Photographer of the Year from the Art Directors Club .
The companion exhibition has travelled around the world and will open at Deichtorhallen Hamburg in Spring 2019 and then the Louisiana Museum of Modern Art ( Copenhagen ) in Fall 2019 .
In September 2018 , Greenfield was given the LA Film Festival Spirit of Independence Award .
Lauren ’s last feature doc , “ The Queen of Versailles ” , was also the Opening Night film of Sundance 2012 where it won her the Best Director Award in the U.S. Documentary Competition .
“ The Queen of Versailles ” went on to box office success and critical acclaim , including winning the Brisbane International Film Festival Prize , and nominations for Best Documentary by the Directors Guild , International Documentary Association , Critics Choice , and the London Critics Circle Film Awards .
Lauren previously directed three award - winning documentary films – “ THIN ” ( HBO ) , “ kids + money ” ( HBO ) and “ Beauty CULTure ” ( Annenberg Space for Photography ) that opened at Sundance and Tribeca Film Festivals .
Named one of the 2015 Top 10 directors in Adweek ’s Most Creative 100 People and by American Photo as one of the 25 most influential photographers working today , Greenfield started her career as an intern for National Geographic after graduating from Harvard in 1987 .
Her photographs have regularly appeared in the New York Times Magazine , Time , GQ , and The Guardian , and have won many awards including the ICP Infinity Award , the Hasselblad Grant , the Community Awareness Award from the National Press Photographers , and the Moscow Biennial People ’s Choice Award .
She lectures at museums and universities around the world and serves on the Advisory Committee of Harvard University ’s Office for the Arts .
CONTACTS
Girl Culture Films ( commercial , film and television production )
INSTITUTE ( editorial photography )
Evergreen Pictures ( mulit - platform production )
Fahey / Klein Gallery ( fine art sales )
LAUREN GREENFIELD NEWS – here , here , and here
There 's been a lot of speculation about Google Calendar recently .
And you know what ?
I sure as hell hope they do it .
There 's been so little innovation in the world of on - line calendars these last few years .
Perhaps Google getting into the act would finally change that .
I 've often wished for a web - based calendar that did n't suck but they all seem to .
I want something that :
plugs nicely into my e-mail client ( Thunderbird )
has busy search capabilities , invites , and other scheduling aids
syncs with modern hand - held devices and mobile phones
does resource scheduling ( conference rooms , summer houses , whatever )
handles conflict resolution and notification
sends reminders and alerts
sports a sane permission system
produces RSS feeds
provides vCal support
is presented with a modern , slick DHTML interface
Help me out here ...
What am I missing ?
The company that does this stands to gain a lot of new users -- not just individuals , but small and medium sized business too .
Once the kinks are worked out , they can integrate it into the Google Search Appliance and provide a platform and e-mail client neutral calendaring for larger businesses too .
Update :
It was implied in a few of the things I wrote , but having good Web Service APIs would be essential .
Update [ 4/12/2006 ] :
It 's been over a year and now Google Calendar is finally live .
Posted by jzawodn at February 23 , 2005 08:37 PM
Rather than fight over who was going to get to like the Best Show on Television on the day of the premiere of its much - anticipated third season , we figured that we would split the duties .
We are nothing if not democratic at Medialoper .
This is n’t quite an oral history , but just like oral histories , when you put it together , it hopefully gives you a well - rounded view of just what makes Battlestar Galactica so fracking awesome .
Note : we ’ve just gone ahead and spoiled Seasons One and Two because , well , we believe you should have watched them already anyway .
And even if we give something away that we should n’t , it wo n’t matter — as they say , it ’s all in the execution .
And our beloved Battlestar executes in the best possible way .
Kassia :
Here ’s how it went down .
Because I live in a low - TV household , I TiVoed the mini-series and watched it under the cover of darkness .
My first reaction was , “ Man , Starbuck sure has changed since I was a kid . ”
My second was , “ I gotta get me more that . ”
Of course , the getting took some time , and when the series was launched , I faced another dilemma : a spouse who did n’t embrace the sci - fi magic as he should .
Luck came in the form of Spring Training .
While the boys were in Arizona going to bed early ( yeah , really , they could barely stay up past nine ) , I was in California doing a Battlestar Galactica marathon ( Rox , I know I said I ’d call that weekend , now you know why I did n’t ) .
Gods bless TiVo !
I do n’t think I left the couch except to open a bottle of wine .
Jim : Well , Spring Training was worth it , even if Rox got the overall short end of that deal .
Anyways , Rox and I totally ignored it at first .
C’mon ! Battlestar Galactica ?
I knew that song , and it sucked .
But the early buzz was too much , and on the 4th of July , 2005 , we taped a Sci -Fi marathon of the first season , and started with “ 33 . ” Holy Frack !
Before it was half over we realized that it was perhaps the best pilot episode we ’d ever seen .
For anything .
It was perfect in that it immersed newbies like us into this already lived - in world , yet at the same time set the tone for the entire first season .
Kassia :
That ’s sad that it took you so long , but I understand ( even if it meant we had limited conversational topics ) .
And you did pick an excellent episode to start your addiction with .
Even if you were n’t up - to - speed on the story , the harrowing series of jumps timed so perfectly , so exhaustingly , would draw you in .
I ’m going to let you two talk about what you like best about the series before I start on one of my favorite topics : strong women in good roles !
Jim : I love the moral ambiguity of the situations they set up .
For example , at the beginning of the second season we were treated to an impossible choice of who to root for : the military leader who had essentially staged a coup or the civilian leader who was following religion more than logic .
Meanwhile , by the end of the season , the “ good guys ” had a choice of either retaining power by dubious means , which we desperately wanted them to do because , well , they ’re the “ good guys , ” or following the rules and give up power to a half crazy , dangerous incompetent .
Rox : Anytime Adama & Roslin are on the screen together .
The characters and the actors portraying them are amazing .
I would probably watch even if the entire show was just the two of them talking .
Kassia :
It is incredible chemistry , is n’t it ?
The scene where he gave her the book was so sweet , but so wonderful .
It ’s great to see mature adults who are flawed and intelligent .
Adama and Roslin have such divergent beliefs — she ’s found religion , quite literally , while he ’s more of pragmatic type .
Yet even when he thinks she ’s gone off the deep end , endangering the mission in the process , he tries to save her .
My romantic soul loves this sort of thing .
It ’s much more satisfying to see grown - ups in a , well , relationship without the coy sparring and false conflict that infects so many other series .
Rox : Yes !
And that scene where she ’s obviously feeling terrible and he takes her by complete surprise and lightly kisses her .
Amazing !
Her reaction was priceless .
I think I remember reading somewhere that that was n’t in the script but i could be wrong about that .
However , it really felt like it just came out of the moment .
They work so well together .
Jim :
It was off - script .
No way they would have scripted it , because it probably would have looked cheesy on paper : it was all in the timing and execution by Olmos and then McDonnell .
Speaking of something that works way better in execution than it probably seems on paper : Baltar / Six .
Of course , it does n’t hurt that they also have the best music on the entire show .
I love the haunting and lovely Baltar / Six theme , that one ominious piano note , repeating slightly off time .
( Kassia and Rox : [ trying to avoid making obvious comments about Jim and slightly off time ] . )
Jim : If Rox could watch the Roslin / Adama show , I ’m not sure that I would n’t watch just the Six / Baltar show .
Especially because the Baltar who haunts Caprica Six is so totally different from the “ real ” Baltar : cool , suave and self - assured .
Hee .
Rox :
It is a lot of fun to watch Baltar as he stuggles to keep up with what ’s going on around him while having Six whispering in his ear .
Kassia :
You know what they say about the fine line between nuts and crazy .
As one who is old enough to remember the original BG , the first Cylons were cheesy StormTrooper clones .
In this version of the series ( and who thought that they could make such a fantastic series from such fluff ?
Oh , right , see : Buffy , the Vampire Slayer , movie versus TV show . ) , the Cylons walk among us , quite literally .
And not quite literally .
Six is a figment of Baltar ’s imagination , yet his encounters with her , especially at first , are so real that the viewer is stunned to realize she ’s not there .
Except when she is — not only was she “ real ” in the pilot , but the Cylons only have a limited number of models .
The Six model is , quite practically , repeated multiple times .
This allows Gaius Baltar , the ultimate narcissist to understand the pain of others and the torture of love .
Even as one model of Six is whispering sexily in his mind , another Six is being systematically tortured .
And Boomer — Sharon — the fighter pilot / Cylon , is somehow able to give birth .
And she , like Six , like others , feels a breadth of emotions .
Jim :
That was probably the best move that they did : making the Cylons more human than humans .
And it led to probably the most universal BSG fanwank game : “ Spot the Cylon . ”
Spoooooot The Cylonnnnnnn !
There are , of course , 12 models .
7 have been revealed : Six , Boomer , Evil Kevin Spacey , Leoben , Creepy Doctor , Xena , and The Rev. Dean Stockwell .
My vote for the other 5 are : Gaeta , Ellen Tigh , Tory ( Roslin ’s wonderfully - named Billy replacement who tried to GOP the election ) , Maya ( the girl from Eureka who ended up with the cybrid baby — oh sweet irony ! ) , and , er , um , Kirk * .
Oh , and in a DVD outtake — which makes it off - canon , I guess —
Six calls the baby “ Thirteen . ”
Which is awesome on a whole bunch of different levels .
For evil killer robots who seemingly want to destroy humanity , the Cylons sure are likable .
And kind of fun .
I mean , when they are n’t trying to destroy and / or enslave humanity .
Kassia : Okay , Evil Kevin Spacey is not the official name of the model .
And no way is Gaeta a Cylon .
You saw the episode where he , uh , cut loose .
Gaeta was , in my opinion , the most underused character in Season Two .
I really missed him .
I was a bit whiny on the Gaeta issue , if you want to know the truth .
Getting back to your point , it ’s because , even though they ’re deadly intent on their purpose and steadfast in their belief in God , the Cylons are n’t in a life - or - death struggle .
They understand the cycle of life far better than the humans .
Plus , being heroic is so , well , stiff - upper - lip .
Being bad is much more fun .
I ’d rather be bad , would n’t you ?
Jim : Speaking of being bad , if the downloading process means that Cylons can live forever , do they believe in an afterlife ?
I mean , why would they ?
If not , then what does their conception of God actually gain them without the promise of eternal bliss in His presence ?
Kassia : Serenity , Jim , serenity .
Oh wait , sorry , that ’s another topic for another day .
Rox : I love the fact that they are completely unafraid to go to those dark places that a lot of shows avoid .
Take Billy , for example , a character that we grew to love for his loyalty , his ideals and because he stands up for his principles , even against the President , who he clearly adores but does n’t always agree with .
He gets his heart broken by Dualla , so you ’d think that would be the extent of his bad week .
Nope .
By the time the episode ends , he ’s killed trying to save her in a botched hostage situation .
I could n’t believe it .
How could they kill Billy ?
And Roslin ’s reaction when she views his body in the morgue .
I ’m just speechless .
Jim : I ’ve spent my whole life reading sci - fi books , watching sci- fi movies , watching sci- fi tv shows , including the original craptastic Battlestar Galactica , and nothing , not even Heinlein ’s Future History or Star Trek ’s Next Generation comes close to sustaining such a level of quality over such a period of time .
Here ’s a question : what if New Caprica is Earth ?
Though I do n’t think we ’ll see a half destroyed Statue of Liberty to find out one way or the other .
Kassia : Please , no Statues of Liberty .
Or other earthly icons .
Okay , maybe the Taj Mahal .
That has n’t been overdone .
Or Budokan .
That would be a nice homage to the 70’s .
I do n’t want New Caprica to be Earth because that would be the ultimate cliche and this series has avoided serious cliche territory .
It skirts it , but , as Rox noted above , then they go and off Billy , and , man , I am still steaming about that .
I loved Billy , even if he was involved in a dull old romance ; his scenes with Roslin — can we agree that Mary McDonnell could make a phone book look like a highly trained actor ? — were just brilliant .
Jim : I agree with you about the earthly icons .
Even things like music —
Kara ’s father ’s piano music and that bad industrial metal music that post - resurrected Sharon was playing in her apartment — and cigarettes can take me right out of the plot .
And cars .
Especially the cars on Caprica .
The personal transportation system that looks like that just seems so specific to our civilization .
Rox : I knew you would complain about the cars !
Jim : Stupid cars .
Kassia : Kids !!!
Rox :
One word .
Pegasus .
When they decided to bring Pegasus and Admiral Cain into the already muddled fleet , the show really went to another level .
Watching Cain and her crew welcome the Galactica back to the colonial fleet set up a series of events that changed everything .
We got to see the other side of the fine line that Adama and Roslin and the rest of the fleet had been walking .
Their treatment of their Cylon prisoner .
Their completely different view of civilians .
The complete wartime attitude that was behind every decision made on the Pegasus as opposed to Roslin ’s and Adama ’s focus on survival .
It shows us that maybe Boomer is right .
Maybe the human race does n’t deserve to survive .
But , by the same standards , neither do the Cylons .
Kassia : Being me , I would be remiss if I did n’t get all feminist on you all .
Back in the day , Starbuck was played by Dirk Benedict ( while Apollo was Richard Hatch , who may have resurrected his career in what I think may be the best , most diabolical homage in the history of television … take that , William Shatner ! ) .
In keeping with the Star Wars - esque quality of the original series , Starbuck was the Han Solo character : wise - cracking , a bit rebellious , always able to get the job done ( also , male ) .
Apollo , burdened by the fact that his father ( then , Lorne Greene ) was in charge was all serious and , well , dull as hell .
We should mention that this Apollo is nothing at all like Apollo 1 .
Jim : Gods , I hated that show : I was the target audience — Sci-Fi loving male teenager with a deep love for Stars Wars and Trek — and I h - a - t - e -d hated that show .
Kassia :
So , yeah , I was skeptical when I learned that the new Starbuck was , gasp ! , a woman .
And , I think in the mini-series , Katee Sackhoff was trying to find her character ’s footing .
This Starbuck fights , cheats , drinks , and has casual affairs .
She is who she is , flaws and all .
And like all of the female characters on this series , her gender is not , at any juncture , an issue .
Jim : Starbuck rules , on every level .
The way that they ’ve shown her beginning to mature even as she still wants to swashbuckle , is totally realistic .
The End Of The World , as well as actual responsibilities , will do that to you .
Being irresponsible is fun , being responsible sucks .
Until one day , when it does n’t suck so much , because you ’ve actually gotten shit done for once .
So you can almost watch her grow up , scene by scene , frame by frame , into a future leader that will rival Adama or Roslin .
Or — if things go in another direction — Cain .
Either way , while it ’s slow and full of backsliding , it ’s there and if she lives , she ’ll end up formidable in a way that Apollo can only dream of , because his irresponsbility always has a purpose .
Kassia : Across the board , the women , human and Cylon , in this series are as flawed and as strong as the men .
Rox : I completely agree .
Heroism , moral ambiguity , poor decisions , luck …all of these are seen in both the men and women of Galactica .
Kassia :
Though , in all fairness , I ’d probably give cool points to the female Cylons .
Lucy Lawless is awesome .
Sorry , it ’s true .
Even Kirk would say so .
If he knew who Lucy Lawless was .
I think one of the greatest aspects of this series is that its focus on the strengths and weaknesses of our species is so complete .
We are flawed .
We believe stupid , incomprehensible things , we chase dreams , we fight even when we should be surrendering .
And , most importantly , we know in our hearts that the line between good and evil is n’t quite as clear as we ’d like to believe .
Jim called it moral ambiguity .
It ’s also individuality .
Jim :
So say we all .
del.icio.us .
People who have bookmarked del.icio.us on del.icio.us .
People who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked del.icio.us on del.icio.us .
People who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked del.icio.us on del.icio.us .
People who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked del.icio.us on del.icio.us .
People who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked del.icio.us on del.icio.us .
People who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked del.icio.us on del.icio.us .
People who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked the people who have bookmarked del.icio.us on del.icio.us .
Ed. note :
At this point , the del.icio.us web server started singing “ Daisy , Daisy ” and soon after , Skynet achieved consciousness .
Video : Frist blames CNN for low Republican poll numbers David Edwards
Published : Wednesday June 28 , 2006 Print This | Email This Senator Bill Frist ( R - TN ) appeared on CNN's American Morning to explain why the Senate is spending time on issues like flag burning while polls indicate that the American people are more concerned about Iraq and the economy .
CNN host Miles O'Brien asked Frist why recent polls show that show 54 % of Americans will vote for Democrats in the upcoming elections while only 38 % planned to vote for Republicans .
Frist explained that the people 's concerns were being addressed by the Republican Senate but told O'Brein those were the sort of issues " you may not cover and others may not cover . "
O'Brien defended CNN , " We are covering but I think there is -- a lot of what you say there -- Americans are not hearing that particular message .
As the majority leader , is n't that part of your job ? "
Frist replied , " Well , you know , it 's part of my job and your job and your whole coming into this was , again , saying [ from ]
Harry Reid that we are spending all of our time on marriage -- which is important .
That we 're spending all of the time on flag without mentioning what we 've done of the floor for six weeks .
Iraq , the war on terror , making you safer ... where 's your coverage of that ?
What you do is concentrate on things that are spun to you from the other side of the aisle and that 's why that message does n't get out . "
By ZOE BRENNAN , Daily Mail
Last updated at 12:16 24 June 2006
Marooned on an island , this group of lions should have died out .
Instead , in an evolutionary twist , they 've learned to swim and become strong enough to tackle their only prey ... giant buffalo
Fearless , ferocious and mightier than the world has ever seen , this is the new breed of super -lion .
Only one species of prey holds its attention : the buffalo — and in order to bring its powerful foe to the ground , it will take to deep water , use sophisticated hunting techniques and then silence the gigantic beast with a single swipe of a savage paw .
In a remote corner of Africa , an extraordinary evolutionary tale is unfolding , uncovered by the actor Jeremy Irons and an award - winning documentary team .
A new film , Relentless Enemies , will tell the story of the emergence of a distinct subspecies of big cat on a tiny and isolated island in the Duba Plains of Botswana 's Okavango Delta .
It also delves into a dark secret at the heart of this special community of lions .
For during the investigation into the Duba lions , it emerged that a killer is embedded in their midst — a threat which might eventually spell the end of this incredible biological journey and the lion 's quest for survival .
Irons , who most famously starred in the TV series Brideshead Revisited , describes the scene in this ' magical world ' , where two great warriors live side by side in the most beautiful terrain .
" There is an unusual pride of lions stalking these swamps , " he says .
" They are cats that live in water and hunt a single herd of Cape buffalo .
Evolution favours predators that can hunt a range of prey .
But these lions are defying that trend by becoming specialists .
These huge lions are adapting and breeding in isolation on an island in a river that goes nowhere . "
So how has this new strain of lion developed ?
To answer this question , the South African husband - and - wife film - makers Beverly and Dereck Joubert spent two years tracking their prey in order to capture evolution in the making .
" We discovered this tiny sandy island in the Okavango , " says Dereck .
" It is extraordinary because it became totally isolated from the mainland 15 years ago when the course of the river changed , and a huge herd of buffalo and lions were trapped on a piece of land measuring 200 square kilometres . "
-----
Lionesses are the same size as males on the mainland -----
Through this twist of geographical fate , these two ancient species are now engaged in a desperate battle of survival — watched by six bemused refugee wildebeest and a handful of similarly outnumbered warthogs .
Thus , the island has become a unique , ecological experiment .
In order to exist without the customary spectrum of weaker African prey like zebra , giraffe and impala , the Duba lions have had to develop distinct strategies in order to trap the single available food source .
They have adapted to this challenge by hunting during the day under the baking African sun , swimming through deep rivers in the hunt for buffalo .
This water - based training programme combined with a diet of protein - rich buffalo meat has led to the development of huge muscles , and these super - cats now dwarf other lions .
The island lions also use highly advanced psychology in their quest for food , predicting the course of the buffaloes ' daily trek by anticipating their need for water — then lying in wait at the precise spot along the river where the herd will eventually stop for refreshment .
In turn , the buffalo have responded to the threat by merging into a vast mega-herd of 1,200 beasts — five times the size of a normal group .
They have also , at times , turned on the lions , killing isolated cubs .
Remarkably , in this deeply competitive , life - or - death arena , the three prides of lion operating on the island have also developed very different hunting techniques , with varying success .
The Pantry pride are described as ' risk - takers ' , using smash - and - grab tactics to kill mature buffalo .
" It 's fascinating to watch , " says Joubert .
" Members of this pride will rush straight into the buffalo , confronting the bigger bulls .
-----
Horns facing outwards , the herd faces the lions -----
This is not easy prey ; buffalo kill more people in Africa than lions .
These enormous male buffalo targeted by the Pantry pride are bad - tempered and aggressive guys .
Their slashing horns and razor - sharp hooves can be the death of a lion — it 's a battle of titans . "
Consequently , the documentary team saw the Pantry pride all but annihilated on the island , the lions either being killed outright or dying as a result of infected wounds .
There were nine members when filming began in November 2003 and there is just one solitary survivor alive now .
The Skimmer pride lives across the river on the mainland , but they swim to the island whenever buffalo are in sight .
Numbering four females , one doddery , old male and four cubs , they are the ' poachers ' in this delicately balanced eco-system .
They will navigate deep and treacherous water , sneaking onto the territory dominated by the other lion packs , and picking off individual buffalo .
The strongest grouping is the Tsaro pride , comprising nine females and two males .
Among them are two sets of adult twins — identical lionesses which often give birth to cubs at the same time , and always hunt together .
This pride has developed perhaps the most finely honed and intelligent hunting techniques , based on interaction with its victims .
" We 've been studying lions for more than 20 years , but at first we could not believe what we were seeing , " says Joubert , who made the wildlife film that inspired the Walt Disney classic The Lion King .
" The lions were acting as sheepdog to the buffalo herd .
The pride would live alongside the herd , following it as it moved .
Their formula was sophisticated and clinical — they corral the buffalo together and then ambush a weaker member . "
They follow the herd through the flood waters for up to seven hours at a time and their victim might be a newborn calf or an injured beast .
" These lions stick to the buffalo like glue , always alert , " says Joubert .
" They watch day and night , ready for the smallest hint of weakness . "
It is a strategy that has paid off , with the Tsaro lions proving the most adept hunters on the island , which is surrounded by an intricate web of thick papyrus swamps and deep , crocodile - infested waters .
A subspecies is emerging which the experts have named the Duba swamp lion — as opposed to the jungle lion , the desert lion , or the lion of the mainland African plain .
It is distinctive in appearance , with a bigger , thicker neck and an extra-strong chest .
The lionesses are almost the same size as the male lions on the Botswana mainland .
We should perhaps not be surprised to witness the lion adapt to its environment .
The species developed some 5 million years ago , and lions once ranged throughout Europe , Asia , Africa and North America , becoming extinct in Europe around 2,000 years ago .
Ironically , the buffaloes , too , seem to have flourished under the predatory attention of the Duba lions .
" This is how nature works , " explains Joubert .
" It is a symbiotic relationship : the lions are pruning the weaker buffalo at an average of 20 a month , strengthening the overall herd .
We 've seen the buffalo population on the island grow by a fifth in two years . "
Indeed , the buffaloes have learnt one particular technique to employ when they are under pressure from the Tsaro pride — when they tire , they gather into a tight - knit bundle , and collectively drop to the ground to sleep , their horns facing outwards to present an impenetrable wall .
In response , the lions also sleep until the herd moves on .
The buffaloes also periodically conduct dramatic rescue attempts if a member of the herd is isolated by its predators .
For all their groundwork , one piece of this ecological jigsaw puzzle eluded the Jouberts throughout the first year of their epic study of the Duba lions .
Over and over again , the tiny cubs of the strong Tsaro pride disappeared .
Without a succession , the pride could not survive .
In 2004 , the Tsaro pride had 22 cubs to strengthen the group .
Inexplicably , all died .
Last year , there were 19 young ones — and again all perished .
This year , there been seven , and the pride has lost all but one .
How is it that these super - lions are not able to protect their young ?
To their shock , a year into the filming , the Jouberts witnessed a terrible scene .
One of the females in the pride was , apparently unknown to her fellow lionesses , killing their cubs .
-----
Killing the pride 's cubs was a lioness posing as a babysitter -----
This was the explanation for the mystery that had perplexed the Duba lion experts .
According to Irons , who narrates Relentless Enemies , this lioness posed as babysitter so that she could kill .
" Her attentive rearguard while the mothers were off hunting gave her the opportunity to finish off each and every cub in the past two years , " he says .
" Ironically the biggest threat to the lions is not buffalo at all , but the stalking enemy within . "
Joubert says : " It was awful to see .
One of their own was mauling the little cubs to death , defying everything we know about maternal love . "
In survival terms , this was devastating for the Tsaro pride ; its strength appeared to be ebbing away .
" The future of that pride is in its cubs , " says Joubert .
" Lions live in a matriarchal society .
Why was this lioness committing such an atrocity ?
" We can not say , but after working with lions for over two decades , I have come to see them as , above all , a collection of noble and powerful individuals .
The most likely explanation for this lioness 's behaviour was that she herself had lost cubs of her own . "
Intriguingly , it could also be that the murdering lioness is , in fact , keeping the island system in balance .
" It could be that if more lions were to survive to maturity , they would tip the balance so that the buffalo population would decline and the lions would eventually go hungry , " says Joubert .
" This lioness 's behaviour could be a twisted form of Charles Darwin 's natural selection at work .
Nature never ceases to amaze . "
RELENTLESS ENEMIES will be shown on the National Geographic Channel next Saturday at 6 pm .
DeLay finished as majority leader Texan says he will not try to regain post , will seek re-election DeLay says he 's giving up his leadership post because it 's " too important to be hamstrung . "
RELATED QUICKVOTE
Will Tom DeLay 's decision to not try to regain the post of House majority leader help Republicans keep control of Congress ?
Yes No or View Results YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS GOP Tom DeLay House of Representatives Rep. Tom DeLay or or Create Your Own WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Rep .
Tom DeLay announced Saturday he will not try to reclaim the House majority leader post he had held for three years , but the Republican said he will seek re-election in his Texas district when his term expires in November .
" I plan to run a very vigorous campaign , and I plan to win , " he said at a news conference in his home district of Sugar Land .
The Republican faces illegal campaign finance charges in Texas and was forced by party rules to step down from the leadership post while under indictment .
Rep. Roy Blunt of Missouri assumed the majority leadership job .
DeLay said Saturday that it was important he give up the majority leader post because the position is " too important to be hamstrung " and because the GOP needs to " unite behind a new and focused leader . "
( Watch DeLay announce he 's stepping down -- 4:50 )
Those comments echoed those made Friday by some House Republicans , who circulated a petition officially calling for new leadership elections in the wake of a series of ethics scandals , including that of lobbyist Jack Abramoff .
This week Abramoff pleaded guilty to federal charges of conspiracy , tax evasion and mail fraud .
" While we wage these important battles , I cannot allow our adversaries to divide and distract our attention , " DeLay wrote in a letter sent to members of the House Republican conference on Saturday .
( Read entire letter ) DeLay requested the conference convene to choose his replacement and stay focused on protecting the nation and " meeting the daily challenges facing the American people . "
House Speaker Dennis Hastert said expected a new majority leader will be elected during the week of January 31 , when Congress reconvenes .
White House spokeswoman Erin Healy issued a statement saying : " We respect Congressman Delay 's decision to put the interests of the American people , the House of Representatives , and the Republican Party first . "
Republican John Boehner , a Congressman from Ohio and likely candidate for majority leader , called DeLay " one of the most effective and gifted leaders the Republican Party has ever known . "
He added that DeLay " will eventually be cleared and exonerated . "
But House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi of California said DeLay 's departure will fix nothing .
" The culture of corruption is so pervasive in the Republican conference that a single person stepping down is not nearly enough to clean up the Republican Congress , " she wrote in a statement .
On Saturday fellow House member Louise Slaughter of New York used the Democratic weekly radio address to accuse the GOP leadership of putting the nation " up for sale to the highest bidder . "
On Thursday a Texas prosecutor , Ronnie Earle , issued subpoenas for records of a $ 500,000 contribution linked to Abramoff and DeLay .
( Details ) Prosecutors in Texas allege DeLay was involved in a scheme to circumvent a Texas law prohibiting corporate contributions to political campaigns .
DeLay has pleaded not guilty to charges of money laundering and conspiracy , calling them politically motivated .
His trial is pending .
In his letter Saturday , DeLay again denied wrongdoing , saying , " During my time in Congress , I have always acted in an ethical manner within the rules of our body and the laws of our land .
I am fully confident time will bear this out . "
Nonetheless , Republicans have been concerned that their grip on power will loosen after the midterm elections , given the popularity of a Democratic argument that a culture of corruption pervades the GOP .
In addition to DeLay , Rep. Randy " Duke " Cunningham , R - California , resigned in November after admitting he took bribes from a defense contractor .
CNN's Ed Henry contributed to this report .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
MOSCOW — Millions of passengers traveling through Russia soon will have to take a lie detector test as part of new airport security measures that could eventually be applied throughout the country .
The technology , to be introduced at Moscow ’s Domodedovo airport as early as July , is intended to identify terrorists and drugs smugglers .
But many passengers will be chilled by the set of four questions they will have to answer into a machine , including , “ Have you ever lied to the authorities ? ”
The machine asks four questions :
The first is for full identity ; the second , unnerving in its Soviet - style abruptness , demands : “ Have you ever lied to the authorities ? ”
It then asks whether either weapons or narcotics are being carried .
To cut delays , passengers will take the tests after taking off their shoes and putting baggage through the X - ray machines .
He does n’t get his shoes back until he satisfactorily answers the questions .
Each test will take up to a minute .
“ If a person fails to pass the test , he is accompanied by a special guard to a cubicle where he is asked questions in a more intense atmosphere , ” says Vladimir Kornilov , IT director for the airport .
The fully automated instrument to be used , known as the “ Truth Verifier , ” is hardly the polygraph familiar from old spy thrillers .
Passengers will simply speak into a handset .
Thanks to “ layered - voice - analysis technology , ” the system , developed by an Israeli company , can even establish whether answers come from the memory or the imagination .
The technology already is being used by some insurance companies in Britain to screen telephone claims for fraud .
“ We can understand that something like this could be uncomfortable for some passengers , but it is a necessary step , ” Mr. Kornilov says .
Initially , only passengers deemed suspicious by the Russian security service will take the test .
But it will be expanded to cover selected international flights and eventually will encompass all passengers .
Passengers who fail will be subjected to more rigorous interrogation both by the verifier , whose accuracy increases to 98 percent with more extensive questioning , and by its human colleagues .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
In her recent article on cholesterol , Karen De Coster provided information that should be beneficial to anyone interested in staying healthy .
In this piece I want to address a similar issue .
The title says it all .
Why , in the name of health , do so many foods marketed to the U.S. public include high fructose corn syrup ?
Even the most cursory search of the many health sites on the Internet yield a veritable cornucopia of negative information about this stuff .
The Usual Suspect — Again
Of course the culprit for the presence of high fructose corn syrup ( HFCS ) in all sweetened foods in the U.S. is the state .
The mechanism is the incredibly high tariff on sugar produced in other countries .
The U.S. government would rather force manufacturers to use inferior and hazardous high fructose corn syrup , which can be created from corn — a crop grown in the U.S. — than allow them to use more natural sugar from places that seem rather obvious .
I do n't know about you , but when I think of sugar , I think of sugar cane in South America , but when the USDA thinks of sugar , apparently they think of cornfields in Nebraska !
But Really , Who Cares ?
What if corn sweetener is just as good as sugar from cane in South America ?
Would n't it make sense to support our " local " producers ?
Well , no , not with legislation .
If corn sweetener were really better than cane sugar , legislation artificially inflating our price for cane sugar would not be needed .
Read that sentence again , because that is about the size of it .
Whenever the state gets involved to force the market to take a particular path it is only because the path chosen by the state would not otherwise be taken by anyone intelligent enough to decide on his own .
Period .
On the other hand , what if corn sweetener is not just as good as sugar from cane ?
Well , Houston , then we have a problem !
According to experts such as Mehmet Oz and Michael Roisen , high - fructose corn syrup is a horrible sweetener .
In their landmark book , " You : The Owner 's Manual … , " they state :
" One of the biggest evil influences on our diet is the presence of high - fructose corn syrup ( HFCS ) , a sugar substitute that itself is a sugar found in soft drinks and many other sweet , processed foods .
The problem is that HCFS inhibits leptin secretion , so you never get the message that you 're full .
And it never shuts off gherin , so , even though you have food in your stomach , you constantly get the message that you 're hungry . "
( See page 192 . )
With apologies to the Church Lady , " Well , is n't that special ? "
So the state forces us to consume a sweetener that 's obviously not as good for us , just so their constituents can sell more , make more money , and vote en bloc for the legislator who visits this evil on the rest of us .
Sounds like yet another example of misplaced incentives .
YOU : The Owneru2019s M... Michael F. Roizen , Meh ... Best Price : $ 0.01 Buy New $ 1.49 ( as of 09:10 EST - Details )
Other Sweeteners — Same Problem
Those of us who are " into " health know all about stevia .
This is a very powerful natural sweetener , extracted from South American plants much as sugar is extracted from cane .
One can find stevia in health food stores , but it is not allowed as an ingredient in processed foods .
Why not ?
The typical statist would say " because it is not shown to be proven safe and effective ” which is FDA - speak for " because we did n't say you could use it . "
Call me a conspiracy realist , but I doubt that " safe and effective " had much to do with the FDA deciding to ban stevia .
Nothing drives this point home better than this little tidbit : the FDA initially labeled stevia as an " unsafe food additive " after an anonymous complaint .
( Yes , an anonymous complaint ! )
You simply cannot make this stuff up .
But stevia has been used by other cultures for thousands of years with no ill effects .
Yes , thousands of years .
If it 's so dangerous , why are we in the U.S. alone on Earth in recognizing the danger ?
In Japan the government will not allow artificial sweeteners in soft drinks , so they use stevia instead .
In fact , it accounts for 40 % of the Japanese sweetener market .
In the U.S. the government wo n't allow stevia , but we get a heaping helping of Aspartame , Sucralose , and all manner of other chemical junk .
Where is the logic ?
( Maybe I should just follow the money . )
Interestingly , many of the sweetening chemicals we ’re allowed to have as additives come with warning labels , by the way , so the government considers it established that there are health problems with those .
Conclusion
The decisions we each make about what we eat are some of the most basic ones we ’ll ever encounter .
But in the case of HFCS — just as one example — we in the U.S. are n't given that choice .
The FDA claims to " protect " us from snake - oil salesmen of every stripe , yet when it comes to being able to choose an item of food that is among the most basic and prevalent in any diet , economic considerations trump safety .
From my standpoint , while this about par for the course , it is still darned unsettling .
What will it take to reverse the tide ?
The Best of Wilton Alston
Ever seen someone all alone , smiling away to themselves , and wondered what it was that made them laugh ?
Jon Ronson set out to discover the secret source of joy
I am standing at the traffic lights when the woman next to me , lost in her thoughts , suddenly bursts out laughing .
Then she immediately covers her mouth with her hand and glances around , embarrassed .
This gives me an idea .
I phone the photographer Stephen Gill .
" Let 's walk around looking for people who are laughing to themselves because of something they 've just thought of , " I say .
" When we find them , you take their photograph and I 'll ask them what they were thinking about that was so funny . "
" It 'll be so contagious , " Stephen excitedly replies , " that we 'll find it impossible not to laugh ourselves ! "
Stephen 's loveliness never fails to surprise me .
" What a wonderful idea , " he adds , " for us to spend these cold , dark winter days photographing laughter !
Wonderful ! "
" OK , OK , " I think .
" I think we 'll discover that people have lovely thoughts ! "
Stephen continues .
" Enough , " I think .
We set ourselves rules .
They must be alone .
There can be no external stimuli : no books , magazines , personal stereos or mobile phones .
It must be their thoughts alone that are making them laugh .
Ideally , they must n't realise they 've been photographed until afterwards , but if they do notice us , and their demeanour changes in any way as a result , we 'll abandon the picture .
If we miss the moment , we can not ask them to laugh again for our benefit .
We pledge to adhere to our rules .
And , on Thursday morning , we set off .
Over the next nine hours , we spot seven people laughing to themselves .
Stephen fails to photograph every single one of them .
By the time he has raised his camera , their laughs have faded .
I think the problem is this : if you are wandering down the street , lost in thought , laughing happily to yourself , and then , from the corner of your eye , you see a man with a notepad staring at your face , looking startled , and then elbowing a photographer in the ribs and loudly hissing , " There 's one ! " you 're inclined to stop laughing .
" Fascinating ! " says Stephen after a few hours of this .
" Have you noticed how it begins with a curling of the mouth , and then the apex of the smile or the laugh never lasts longer than a second ?
The whole thing is usually over in three seconds .
No wonder we keep missing it ! "
I shoot him an angry look .
Stephen does , miraculously , manage to capture the eighth laugh .
It is a woman dressed all in black with a big pink scarf .
She 's walking through Victoria .
We rush over and explain why we took her picture .
" So , " I ask her , " what were you thinking about that was making you laugh ? "
" No , " she replies , without slowing her pace .
Stephen looks delighted .
He says , " She was having such a private moment , she did n't want to share it with us ! "
" Oh , for Christ 's sake , " I think .
But then , in a pedestrian precinct near Liverpool Street station , it all comes together .
The young man in the dark suit with the red shirt and a poppy in his lapel laughs to himself for perhaps three seconds , but Stephen captures it , and when I ask him what was making him laugh , he is happy to tell me .
He says , " A friend of mine pressed the wrong button and deleted all the pictures of his newborn baby from his computer , and his wife is very upset and angry with him . "
With that , the jinx is broken .
Over the following fortnight we average two a day .
The woman in the stripy jacket , laughing to herself as she walks past an Evening Standard sign that reads " Ebay Scam Exposed " , has a friend whose house was recently destroyed by flooding : " I 'm laughing because this morning I heard that he 's found himself a new place to live . "
The woman in the navy skirt and black jacket , walking past Selborne House , is laughing because she 's approaching Westminster City Hall : " I was thinking about a friend of mine who was the Lady Mayor of London a while ago .
Her office was on the top floor .
I was just looking up and thinking , gosh , what a lovely view she must have had . "
" You see ? " says Stephen , with unexpected harshness , after she leaves .
" I told you people would have lovely thoughts . "
" What ? " I ask .
Stephen gives me a look that suggests my constant negativity ( I have just quit smoking , which is n't helping ) has been grinding him down .
It might seem at first glance that the woman in black , pushing the orange pram , is laughing at her baby and consequently ought n't to be included , her baby being an external stimulus .
But I can assure you that before Stephen took the photograph she was laughing into space , and it is just a coincidence that she looked down at the moment he pressed the button .
Her name is Pamela .
She 's Canadian .
She 's on a back road near the Old Street roundabout in east London .
" A photographer friend called Giulio , as a favour , is going to take a picture of my daughter Zoë , " she says , " and I was just thinking about how lovely the picture will look . "
" What will it look like ? " I ask .
" We 're building a set with feathers and fake snow , " she says , " and she 'll be dressed as an angel , with wings and a white dress . "
" Christmas card ? " I ask .
" Yes , " she says .
" Ostentatious ! " I say .
Pamela stops smiling .
" Lovely ! " I say .
Pamela smiles again .
If I were to categorise the type of thoughts we captured over the fortnight , the biggest pile would consist of those who are laughing for straightforwardly good - hearted reasons , such as the people I list above .
Many others tell me they 're " just happy - go - lucky " .
" I happen to love life .
I 'm famous for it , " says one woman .
" I 'm happy - go - lucky . "
" I 'm just always smiling , " says another .
" I 'm happy - go - lucky .
The fact that I 'm alive and well is enough to make me smile . "
" If you 're lucky enough to be alive and well , " says a third , " you have a duty to be happy , because of all those people who are less fortunate than you .
And anyway , I just love life . "
I become so disheartened by the volume of people who give this as the reason for their laughter that at one point I interrupt a man telling me he " just loves life " by crossly saying , " Oh .
You 're one of those ' I just love life ' people , are you ? "
He looks confused and apologises .
" Sorry , " he says .
I turn on my heels and walk away without saying another word .
" That was incredibly rude of you , " Stephen tells me .
The second biggest pile would comprise those who are laughing cynically about corporations and advertising .
The man in the black suit walking past the Sainsbury 's next to Westminster City Hall is called John Dimmer .
" I 'm laughing because Sainsbury 's were on TV this morning with some big profits announcement , " he explains , " and this is the very Sainsbury 's they were filming outside .
It 's like the worst Sainsbury 's in the world .
It 's small and cramped .
Do n't get me wrong , the staff are great .
But on the day they want to show everyone how well they 're doing , they film at this terrible Sainsbury 's .
Anyway , that 's why I was laughing . "
Five minutes later , one street away , we photograph the woman in the blue hat and scarf , pulling the red shopping trolley .
Her name is Caroline Deane and she , too , is laughing sardonically because of what she sees as nefarious advertising practices .
" I was laughing about an article I read in a glossy magazine this morning called Posh And Her Fantasy Man , " she says .
" But it was n't about love at all .
It was an advertorial for her jeans .
This is someone who does n't go near newspapers normally .
She 's not someone who wants to go to parties .
But she 's launching a new jeans line , so now she 's popping up everywhere , trying to become prominent so people will buy them .
So the article was called Posh And Her Fantasy Man , and I read it thinking it would be about love , but it was about her jeans . "
A fortnight into our project and Stephen , growing tired of my relentless negativity , begins to moonlight .
He goes off on day trips without telling me .
The thing that upset him most was an incident on the South Bank , near Blackfriars Bridge , when he had a fully - laughing woman in his viewfinder , but bafflingly did n't take her picture .
" She was n't laughing , " he tried to explain to me , after I repeatedly asked him why the hell he did n't just press the button .
" She was tensing her facial muscles . "
" She was laughing , " I said .
" I think , " said Stephen , lowering his voice , " she was ... ill . "
" You think she was laughing as a result of mental illness ? "
There was a silence .
" Yes , " said Stephen .
" She was n't mentally ill , she was just happy , " I screamed .
" I feel terrible guilt now , " said Stephen .
That is why he begins to moonlight .
Consequently , we will never know what the man holding the plastic coffee cup outside the amusement arcade was laughing about , nor any of the other people photographed in the markets around Whitechapel and Bethnal Green .
Stephen took these photographs during his moonlighting trips and I was n't there to ask them .
And perhaps the loveliest photograph of all is one we cannot publish .
It occurs near Liverpool Street station on a particularly miserable day .
A woman just throws her head back and laughs joyously , and Stephen captures the moment beautifully .
When I ask her what she 's thinking about , she replies , " Scooter Libby . "
She 's American .
I 'll call her Emma .
Today 's the day , the papers are reporting , Dick Cheney 's chief of staff , Lewis " Scooter " Libby , is to be arrested for his part in disclosing the identity of the CIA agent Valerie Plame .
Emma is laughing to herself because she 's no fan of the Bush administration .
I compliment her on laughing about politics rather than something more solipsistic .
She thanks me and says goodbye .
Half an hour later , Emma has a panic attack .
She rushes frantically around Liverpool Street trying to find us .
Finally she gets hold of us on the phone via the Guardian .
" You ca n't use my photograph ! " she yells .
" Why not ? " I ask .
" Because if the White House reads what I 've said to you , they might punish me with an IRS [ the US tax agency ] audit . "
There is a silence .
" Are you connected to the White House or politics ? " I ask .
" No , " she says , " I 'm involved in the film business . "
" Then you 'll be fine , " I say .
" I 'm serious , " she says .
" They 're vicious .
I heard they audited Sean Penn as a punishment after he went on a peace mission to Iraq before the war . "
" But surely , " I say , " they are n't going to go to all that effort of tracking you down to punish you just because you laughed to yourself about Lewis Libby ? "
" They might , " she says .
" We 'll give you a false name , " I say .
" They 'll see my photograph , " she says .
" Look , " I practically shout .
" Even if they do have some kind of photo - recognition device , they are n't going to deploy it on you because you were briefly amused by Lewis Libby 's misfortune . "
But Emma has made up her mind .
Over the phone , we toy with the idea of pretending she was laughing to herself about something else .
She suggests she could be laughing about Prince Charles 's comment - reported in that day 's papers - that people will appreciate him after he 's dead .
But in the end she makes me promise not to include her photograph at all .
Forge Your Own Boarding Pass
Last week Christopher Soghoian created a Fake Boarding Pass Generator website , allowing anyone to create a fake Northwest Airlines boarding pass : any name , airport , date , flight .
This action got him visited by the FBI , who later came back , smashed open his front door , and seized his computers and other belongings .
It resulted in calls for his arrest — the most visible by Rep. Edward Markey ( D - Massachusetts ) — who has since recanted .
And it ’s gotten him more publicity than he ever dreamed of .
All for demonstrating a known and obvious vulnerability in airport security involving boarding passes and IDs .
This vulnerability is nothing new .
There was an article on CSOonline from February 2006 .
There was an article on Slate from February 2005 .
Sen .
Chuck Schumer spoke about it as well .
I wrote about it in the August 2003 issue of Crypto - Gram .
It ’s possible I was the first person to publish it , but I certainly was n’t the first person to think of it .
It ’s kind of obvious , really .
If you can make a fake boarding pass , you can get through airport security with it .
Big deal ; we know .
You can also use a fake boarding pass to fly on someone else ’s ticket .
The trick is to have two boarding passes : one legitimate , in the name the reservation is under , and another phony one that matches the name on your photo ID .
Use the fake boarding pass in your name to get through airport security , and the real ticket in someone else ’s name to board the plane .
This means that a terrorist on the no-fly list can get on a plane :
He buys a ticket in someone else ’s name , perhaps using a stolen credit card , and uses his own photo ID and a fake ticket to get through airport security .
Since the ticket is in an innocent ’s name , it wo n’t raise a flag on the no-fly list .
You can also use a fake boarding pass instead of your real one if you have the “ SSSS ” mark and want to avoid secondary screening , or if you do n’t have a ticket but want to get into the gate area .
Historically , forging a boarding pass was difficult .
It required special paper and equipment .
But since Alaska Airlines started the trend in 1999 , most airlines now allow you to print your boarding pass using your home computer and bring it with you to the airport .
This program was temporarily suspended after 9/11 , but was quickly brought back because of pressure from the airlines .
People who print the boarding passes at home can go directly to airport security , and that means fewer airline agents are required .
Airline websites generate boarding passes as graphics files , which means anyone with a little bit of skill can modify them in a program like Photoshop .
All Soghoian ’s website did was automate the process with a single airline ’s boarding passes .
Soghoian claims that he wanted to demonstrate the vulnerability .
You could argue that he went about it in a stupid way , but I do n’t think what he did is substantively worse than what I wrote in 2003 .
Or what Schumer described in 2005 .
Why is it that the person who demonstrates the vulnerability is vilified while the person who describes it is ignored ?
Or , even worse , the organization that causes it is ignored ?
Why are we shooting the messenger instead of discussing the problem ?
As I wrote in 2005 : “ The vulnerability is obvious , but the general concepts are subtle .
There are three things to authenticate : the identity of the traveler , the boarding pass and the computer record .
Think of them as three points on the triangle .
Under the current system , the boarding pass is compared to the traveler ’s identity document , and then the boarding pass is compared with the computer record .
But because the identity document is never compared with the computer record — the third leg of the triangle — it ’s possible to create two different boarding passes and have no one notice .
That ’s why the attack works . ”
The way to fix it is equally obvious :
Verify the accuracy of the boarding passes at the security checkpoints .
If passengers had to scan their boarding passes as they went through screening , the computer could verify that the boarding pass already matched to the photo ID also matched the data in the computer .
Close the authentication triangle and the vulnerability disappears .
But before we start spending time and money and Transportation Security Administration agents , let ’s be honest with ourselves :
The photo ID requirement is no more than security theater .
Its only security purpose is to check names against the no-fly list , which would still be a joke even if it were n’t so easy to circumvent .
Identification is not a useful security measure here .
Interestingly enough , while the photo ID requirement is presented as an antiterrorism security measure , it is really an airline - business security measure .
It was first implemented after the explosion of TWA Flight 800 over the Atlantic in 1996 .
The government originally thought a terrorist bomb was responsible , but the explosion was later shown to be an accident .
Unlike every other airplane security measure — including reinforcing cockpit doors , which could have prevented 9/11 — the airlines did n’t resist this one , because it solved a business problem : the resale of non-refundable tickets .
Before the photo ID requirement , these tickets were regularly advertised in classified pages : “ Round trip , New York to Los Angeles , 11/21 - 30 , male , $ 100 . ”
Since the airlines never checked IDs , anyone of the correct gender could use the ticket .
Airlines hated that , and tried repeatedly to shut that market down .
In 1996 , the airlines were finally able to solve that problem and blame it on the FAA and terrorism .
So business is why we have the photo ID requirement in the first place , and business is why it ’s so easy to circumvent it .
Instead of going after someone who demonstrates an obvious flaw that is already public , let ’s focus on the organizations that are actually responsible for this security failure and have failed to do anything about it for all these years .
Where ’s the TSA ’s response to all this ?
The problem is real , and the Department of Homeland Security and TSA should either fix the security or scrap the system .
What we ’ve got now is the worst security system of all : one that annoys everyone who is innocent while failing to catch the guilty .
This essay — my 30th for Wired.com — appeared today .
EDITED TO ADD ( 11/4 ) : More news and commentary .
EDITED TO ADD ( 1/10 ) : Great essay by Matt Blaze .
Posted on November 2 , 2006 at 6:21 AM • 55 Comments
It 's widely documented that climate change is causing the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets to shrink .
Air temperatures in many parts of the polar regions have increased and waters that surround parts of the ice sheets have warmed up .
What most do not know is that until just six years ago , we had no real way of measuring whether the ice sheets were shrinking or growing , or at what rate .
Today , advances in remote sensing , the use of highly sensitive instruments aboard satellites and aircraft , have enabled scientists to examine the mass balance of the ice sheets and to determine just where and how quickly the ice is growing or shrinking .
Of particular importance is the mass balance of the ice sheet , which is the difference between how much ice it has lost versus gained over a period of time , and is a direct measure of an ice sheet 's contribution to sea level rise .
With increases in the number of ways researchers can now measure changes in the landscape and rate of change of the ice sheets , have also come some variations in scientific results that some may find confusing .
However , a closer look tells a fairly consistent story .
" The media has reported a lot about how ice is changing , particularly in Greenland , but the numbers vary depending on the time period examined and the technique used .
As a result , there may be some confusion out there about what 's really happening , " said Waleed Abdalati , a glacier expert and head of the Cryospheric Sciences Branch at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center , Greenbelt , Md. " We have all these techniques and some are giving different answers than others .
But what 's significant is that we have the ability to even debate ice sheet measurement results at all when we could not have a few years ago .
Now , we 're talking about how much ice sheet shrinkage there is and how rapidly it 's taking place . "
Researchers now use aircraft altimetry , satellite radar and laser altimetry , radar interferometry , gravity measurements from NASA 's Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment ( GRACE ) mission and precise elevation change measurements from NASA 's Ice , Cloud , and Land Elevation ( ICESat ) satellite .
Each tool has its own strengths , and when used together , these technologies produce a comprehensive look into the ice sheets ' behavior that have changed the way the world thinks of climate change and its impact on ice sheets and glaciers .
Each of these provides important information for unraveling the behavior of the ice sheets , and collectively they tell a story .
In Greenland , they reveal an ice sheet that is shrinking dramatically at the edges and growing at its higher interior elevations , such that there is a net loss of ice that is far greater than it was in the last decade .
These losses are a result of increased melting , and faster flow at the edges , as the floating ice that surrounds parts of Greenland and buttresses some of the outlet glaciers melts .
In Antarctica , these observations tell us that the West Antarctic ice sheet is currently shrinking substantially , and has been for the last decade .
They also tell a story of a second much larger ice sheet in East Antarctica that has been growing slowly .
The net result in Antarctica is that the ice sheet as a whole has been shrinking , contributing to rising sea levels , and probably much more so in recent years .
" We did not appreciate in the past how the changes in ice sheets respond so quickly to changes in climate .
The story these measurement techniques are all telling is that the ice sheets are shrinking more than they were 10 years ago , " said Abdalati .
" The borders of the ice sheets are melting in waters that are warming . "
" Of the techniques for measuring ice sheet change , the laser altimetry approach of the ICESat mission is the most effective because it provides a detailed look at the overall integrated changes in the ice sheets , " offered Abdalati .
" And continuous observations like those by ICESat would greatly enhance our ability to understand what 's really happening to the Earth 's dramatically changing ice cover .
The most telling comprehensive picture , however , is created when all the techniques are used together . "
Wissen | Reportage
Nach einer Studie von TechConsult hat sich Open Source bei den Infrastrukturdiensten bereits fest etabliert und wird in den nächsten Jahren verstärkt in die Bereiche High - End-Datenbanken , ERP , CRM , Collaboration und CMS vorstoßen .
Open Source und Linux sind ein beherrschendes Thema der IT - Branche .
Spektakuläre Migrationen wie das Projekt LiMux in München , in dessen Rahmen etwa 14.000 Büroarbeitsplätze auf Linux und Open - Source - Software umgestellt werden , aber auch zahlreiche andere Beispiele , die wir in unseren Business Cases sammeln , zeigen , was alles mit Open Source möglich ist .
Die Marktanalysten der Firma TechConsult haben für die Studie Der deutsche Markt für Linux und Open Source 2005 - 2007 Ende 2005 1.185 Unternehmen in Deutschland mit mehr als zwanzig Mitarbeitern nach dem Einsatz von Linux befragt .
Gut 400 IT - Entscheider aus unterschiedlichen Branchen , die Linux entweder bereits einsetzen , einen Einsatz bis 2007 planen oder Linux in den nächsten beiden Jahren nicht einsetzen wollen , wurden detailliert befragt .
Als Vergleich dienen Zahlen aus ähnlichen Befragungen in den Vorjahren .
2005 setzte ein Drittel der befragten Unternehmen Linux auf dem Server ein .
Gegenüber 2004 bedeutet das eine Steigerung um 21 Prozent .
Auf Clients liegt der Einsatzgrad von Linux bei acht Prozent , ein Wachstum von 17 Prozent gegenüber dem Vorjahr .
Der Einsatzgrad von Linux nimmt mit der Unternehmensgröße zu : Großen Firmen setzen mehr Linux ein als KMUs .
Besonders Linux - affin ist die Telekommunikationsbranche , wo 52 Prozent der Unternehmen Linux auf dem Server und immerhin 21 Prozent Linux auf Client einsetzen .
Server
Besonders die starke Nachfrage nach Linux - Clustern mit Blade - Servern treibt das Wachstum von Linux auf dem Server voran .
Zudem haben mehrere große und mittlere Firmen 2005 Evaluierungs - und Testszenarien mit Linux und Open - Source - Software abgeschlossen .
Linux - Einsatz auf dem Server , nach Branchen aufgeschlüsselt
Schaut man sich das Gesamtbild der IT in deutschen Unternehmen an , findet man vornehmlich heterogene IT - Systemlandschaften mit proprietären und Open - Source - Systemen .
Linux und Open - Source - Software findet man dabei sehr viel häufiger auf dem Server als auf dem Client .
Bei den Server - Betriebssystemen beherrscht noch immer Microsoft den Markt ; Linux - Wachstum geht vor allem auf Kosten von Unix und verstärkt Netware ( nicht zuletzt aufgrund Novells eindeutigem Linux - Commitment ) .
Die beliebtesten Linux - Distributionen auf dem Server sind Novell / Suse mit 40 Prozent , es folgen Debian GNU / Linux ( 32 Prozent ) , OpenSUSE ( 31 Prozent ) und Red Hat ( 30 Prozent ) .
Die anderen Anbieter von Linux - Distributionen spielten 2005 im Serverbereich keine bedeutende Rolle .
Novell kann als einziger kommerzieller Linux - Anbieter mit einer Zunahme in den nächsten beiden Jahren rechnen .
Linux hat sich im Unternehmensbereich vor allem auf der unteren Infrastrukturebene ( Webserver , Firewall , File - und Print - Server ) etabliert .
Die starke Position in diesem Bereich hat den
Weg frei gemacht für andere Open - Source - Software , die noch am Anfang eines Reifeprozesses steht und vom Infrastruktur - Layer über Middleware hin zu unternehmenskritischen Anwendungen reicht .
So sehen wir für Linux in den nächsten beiden Jahren hohes Potenzial bei den High - End-Datenbank - Servern sowie Applikationsservern für ERP und CRM .
Unterstützt wird dieser
Trend durch das Engagement von Oracle und SAP im Linux - Markt ebenso wie die zunehmend starke Positionierung von MySQL und JBoss in Deutschland .
Freie und kommerzielle Lösungen in den Bereichen ERP , CRM , Collaboration und CMS werden dem Open - Source - Markt Schwung bringen , auch wenn die Einsatzgrade auf Linux - Systemen derzeit noch gering sind und zwischen sechs und 17 Prozent liegen .
Terry Lloyd was not " embedded " with the military
The troops shot 50 - year - old Terry Lloyd in the head while he was in a makeshift ambulance , having already been hurt in crossfire , the coroner said .
Mr Lloyd 's interpreter was also killed and his cameraman is missing believed dead following the incident , which took place near Basra in March 2003 .
The coroner is to ask the attorney general to consider pressing charges .
Oxfordshire Assistant Deputy Coroner Andrew Walker said he would also be writing to the director of public prosecutions asking for him to investigate the possibility of bringing charges .
' War crime '
Mr Lloyd 's Lebanese interpreter , Hussein Osman , was also killed and French cameraman Fred Nerac is still officially classed as missing , presumed dead .
Belgian cameraman Daniel Demoustier was the ITN crew 's only survivor .
The National Union of Journalists ( NUJ ) said Mr Lloyd 's killing was a " war crime " and this was echoed by Mr Lloyd 's widow , Lyn .
The ITN crew Terry Lloyd , reporter - killed Hussein Osman , interpreter - killed Fred Nerac , cameraman - missing , presumed killed Daniel Demoustier , cameraman - survived
In a statement she said : " This was a very serious war crime , how else can firing on a vehicle in these circumstances be interpreted ?
" This was not a friendly fire incident or a crossfire incident , it was a despicable , deliberate , vengeful act , particularly as it came many minutes after the initial exchange .
" US forces appear to have allowed their soldiers to behave like trigger happy cowboys in an area where civilians were moving around . "
Mr Lloyd 's daughter Chelsey said : " The killing of my father would seem to amount to murder , which is deeply shocking . "
A spokesman for the US Department of Defense said an investigation in May 2003 had found that US forces followed the rules of engagement .
" The Department of Defense has never deliberately targeted non-combatants , including journalists , " he said .
" We have always gone to extreme measures to avoid civilian casualties and collateral damage .
" It has been an unfortunate reality that journalists have died in Iraq .
Combat operations are inherently dangerous . "
ITN praised
Mr Lloyd , who was originally from Derby , was covering the British and American invasion of Iraq as a " unilateral " journalist , rather than those " embedded " with UK or US forces , who were subject to military censorship .
The ITN crew 's vehicle was burnt out in the incident
He and his three colleagues were caught up in a firefight between US and Iraqi forces near the Shatt Al Basra Bridge on 22 March 2003 .
After an eight - day inquest Mr Walker cleared ITN of any blame for Mr Lloyd 's death and praised him and his team for their " professionalism and dedication " .
He said it was his view the American tanks had been first to open fire on the ITN crew 's two vehicles .
He added Mr Lloyd would probably have survived the first bullet wound he received , but was killed as he travelled away in a makeshift ambulance .
Mr Walker said it " presented no threat to American forces " since it was a civilian minibus and was facing away from the US tanks .
The killing of my father would seem to amount to murder , which is deeply shocking
Chelsey Lloyd
" I have no doubt it was the fact that the vehicle stopped to pick up survivors that prompted the Americans to fire on that vehicle , " he said .
ITN 's editor in chief David Mannion said : " I would also like to say something that I know Terry would have wished me to say .
" Independent , unilateral reporting , free from official strictures , is crucial ; not simply to us as journalists but to the role we play in a free and democratic society . "
Mr Nerac 's widow Fabienne said she would continue her " lonely vigil " to find out what happened to her husband .
Kleiner Perkins has only one office , the one in Menlo Park .
Sequoia has reached out to entrepreneurs more considerately , providing five offices .
But only one of the five , the one in Menlo Park , is in the United States .
The others are in China ( two ) , India and Israel .
If you have a brilliant idea for the New New Thing and want Sequoia to provide its funds and blessing — using the same golden touch provided not long ago to Google ’s founders — you would be much better off in Beijing , where Sequoia has an office , than in Boston , where it does not .
It ’s convenient for venture capitalists to have entrepreneurs close by , but the reverse is true , too , said Allen Morgan , a managing director of the Mayfield Fund , which manages $ 2.3 billion in venture capital and is also on Sand Hill Road .
Mr. Morgan made the case by pointing out that a prospective entrepreneur would , on average , need to have three to eight meetings with a venture fund before he or she was successful , but would have to go through a similar process with 5 to 10 firms before finding the one that approved the funding request .
Even if the process goes smoothly and requires only 15 meetings — the fewest possible , given the lowest range of possibilities — and even if most of those meetings are set up in advance , the time consumed in getting to Sand Hill Road , even using local highways , can be significant .
The problem is that much worse when , as often happens , a meeting is called with just an hour or two of notice .
“ If you live in Santa Clara , it ’s doable , ” Mr. Morgan said .
“ If you live in Dubuque , it ’s not . ”
Entrepreneurs who live in Silicon Valley also find the technical talent they need faster than they can in any other place ; they pay more for that talent , but speed is the sine qua non for success .
Seth J. Sternberg , the chief executive of Meebo , an instant - messaging company in Palo Alto that is backed by Sequoia , described Silicon Valley with the fervent appreciation of a recent transplant from New York , where he had suffered three separate bad experiences with start - ups , none of which had attracted venture funding .
The ecosystem in Silicon Valley , Mr. Sternberg said , includes “ incredible techies , who live here because this is the epicenter , where they can find the most interesting projects to work on . ”
The ecosystem also includes real estate agents , accountants , head hunters and lawyers who understand an entrepreneur ’s situation — that is , emptied bank accounts and maxed - out credit cards .
“ In New York , it would be extremely difficult to find a law firm willing to defer the first $ 20,000 of your legal fees , ” Mr. Sternberg said .
“ Here , we got that .
It ’s a pretty standard thing in Silicon Valley . ”
" What could possibly compel them to do something so… wrong ? "
This was the question posed by a group of expats sitting around a youth hostel in scenic Huangshan Mountain , China 's beloved mountain range in Anhui Province , discussing the legions of tourists who had disrupted their 72 - peak excursion .
As the foreign travelers retell it , what was supposed to have been a heavenly respite turned into an out - and - out circus replete with megaphones , flags and the congestion of untold numbers of tourists with the inopportune desire to see the same thing at the same time .
" We could barely walk up the narrow steps because there were too many tour groups , we could n't see the view past their florescent hats and we could n't even hear the birds because of all the noise , " complained the foreign travelers .
Such a scene is of course commonplace in China , where 1.3 billion people must contend with both limited time and space during the country 's few and far between national holidays .
But where Western travelers , not unlike their world - exploring forefathers , pride themselves on independence , requiring little more than a backpack and a point in the right direction to circumnavigate exotic new countries , the historically communal Chinese tend to have quite a different perspective on travel .
" We like to go where everybody goes , " said one Chinese tourist when prompted to explain the disorder of collective travel .
" If there are no crowds it means it 's not a good place to visit . "
An alternative explanation of the chaos that orbits China 's favorite attractions is the government 's authoritative instruction of where and when the populace may travel , preferring brief , intensive bursts during the national holidays rather than a steady flow .
This quarterly policy may make for impressive economic reports ( though Xinhua News Agency reports a growing disfavor with the eight - year - old Golden Week holiday system ) , but it creates a havoc that is all of dissuading foreigners from extensive travel in China .
Indeed , every summer scores of Western backpackers are stranded in Shaanxi 's provincial capital city of Xi'an , home of terracotta warriors , waiting indefinitely for train tickets back to Beijing , often resulting in missed return flights home .
The blame for this calamity lies with the tour group companies themselves , who purchase large blocks of tickets ( often in advance through personal connection with train station officials ) , leaving nary a hard seat available for the independent traveler .
And what of the more noticeable effects of those traveling en masse to China 's wonderland attractions .
To be sure , Jiuzhaigou National Park in Sichuan is a site not to be missed , where emerald lakes reflecting a vertical alpine forest blazing in the autumn with crimson and gold make this protected region the country 's premier travel destination .
Unfortunately , what visitors will dauntingly meet with at the park 's entrance is a concert of tour buses piercing the surroundings with deafening blasts of their horns and vomiting black exhaust ( contributing to Jiuzhaigou 's own environmental downfall ) , while streams of red and yellow hat - wearing , litter - tossing tourists noisily follow a flag - waving guide shouting instructions into a loudspeaker .
When pressed for an elucidation of the social and ecological consequences of collective traveling , a local tour operator rejoins fiscally , " I provide guaranteed transportation , accommodations and discounted entrance tickets , all in one package .
Without tour group companies like mine , traveling in China would be impossible ! "
To the foreign observer , such logic is the bane of China 's heritage , with intrusive tour groups appreciating neither the splendor nor history of the site but rather in a seeming rush to take a snapshot in front of a character - engraved stone before dashing back on their buses to the next site .
But for the Chinese , the constipation and the urgency are indicative of a culture categorically limited in both time and space , where itinerary replaces independence and processed convenience is preferred over pleasure .
" The national holidays are my only chance to spend with my family and see my country , " exclaims a Chinese businessman from Beijing on his way to the Yunnan old town of Lijiang , China 's third most popular holiday destination .
" With a tour group , I do n't have to plan , I do n't have to worry , I do n't have to think . "
American Tom Carter is currently backpacking through all of the Chinese provinces .
U.S. OKs rushing bombs to Israel / Move could mean many targets yet to be hit in Lebanon
2006-07-22 04:00:00 PDT
Washington --
The Bush administration is rushing a delivery of precision - guided bombs to Israel , which requested the expedited shipment last week after beginning its air campaign against Hezbollah targets in Lebanon , U.S. officials said Friday .
The decision to quickly ship the weapons to Israel was made with relatively little debate within the administration , the officials said .
Its disclosure threatens to anger Arab governments and others because of the appearance that the United States is actively aiding the Israeli bombing campaign .
The munitions that the United States is sending to Israel are part of a multimillion dollar arms sale package approved last year that Israel is able to draw on as needed , the officials said .
But Israel 's request for expedited delivery of the satellite and laser - guided bombs was described as unusual by some military officers , and as an indication that Israel had a long list of targets in Lebanon still to strike .
The new U.S. arms shipment to Israel has not been announced publicly , and the officials who described the administration 's decision to rush the munitions to Israel would discuss it only after being promised anonymity .
The officials included employees of two government agencies , and one described the shipment as just one example of a broad array of armaments that the United States has long provided Israel .
One U.S. official said the shipment should not be compared to the " emergency resupply " of dwindling Israeli stockpiles that was provided during the 1973 Arab - Israeli war , when a U.S. military airlift helped Israel recover from early Arab victories .
David Siegel , a spokesman for the Israeli Embassy in Washington , said : " We have been using precision - guided munitions in order to neutralize the military capabilities of Hezbollah and to minimize harm to civilians .
As a rule , however , we do not comment on Israel 's defense acquisitions . "
Israel 's need for precision munitions is driven in part by its strategy in Lebanon , which includes destroying hardened underground bunkers where Hezbollah leaders are thought to have taken refuge as well as missile sites and other targets that would be hard to hit without laser and satellite - guided bombs .
Pentagon and military officials declined to describe in detail the size and contents of the shipment to Israel , and they would not say whether the munitions were being shipped by cargo aircraft or some other means .
But an arms - sale package approved last year provides authority for Israel to purchase from the United States as many as 100 GBU - 28s , which are 5,000 - pound laser - guided bombs intended to destroy concrete bunkers .
The package also provides for selling satellite - guided munitions .
An announcement in 2005 that Israel was eligible to buy the " bunker buster " weapons described the GBU - 28 as " a special weapon that was developed for penetrating hardened command centers located deep underground . "
The document added , " The Israeli air force will use these GBU - 28s on their F - 15 aircraft . "
American officials said that once a weapons purchase is approved , it is up to the buyer nation to set up a timetable .
But one U.S. official said normal procedures usually do not include rushing deliveries within days of a request .
That was done in this case because Israel is a close ally in the midst of hostilities , the official said .
A senior Israeli official said Friday that the attacks to date had degraded Hezbollah 's military strength by roughly half , but that the campaign could go on for two more weeks or longer .
" We will stay heavily with the air campaign , " he said .
" There 's no time limit .
We will end when we achieve our goals . "
Ne glede na kulturo , raso in spol , ljudi tega sveta povezuje temeljno vprašanje : ima naše življenje smisel in v čem je ta smisel ?
Svet se ne podreja našim željam , živi pač po svoje in zato je logično , da se sprašujemo o smislu .
Ker živimo , si hočemo življenja tudi osmisliti .
V središču modernega človeka je stalna nuja po odločanju , a ko se posameznik odloči mora sprejeti odgovornost za svojo odločitev .
No , ravno odgovornost pa je naša šibka značajska lastnost , saj smo ambivalentni in dvolični .
Zanimata nas predvsem atributa moči : denar in oblast .
A smrti ne ubeži ne berač , ne filozof , ne umetnik in tudi ne vladar .
Naj nas resnica še tako boli , je dejstvo , da smo ljudje minljivi , tako kot je umrljivo vse , kar živi .
Naša življenja so v bistvu samo kratke zgodbe o dolgem potovanju , od nas pa je odvisna vsebina glavne zgodbe : » Je človek človeku človek ? ! «
V dokumentarcu nastopata prof. dr. Janez Juhant , filozof , teolog , antropolog in ribič Franc Pianecki .
Na videz imata moška malo skupnega , a v svoji notranjosti si oba želita isto , da njuna življenja ne bi izzvenela v prazno .
Filozof , ki iskreno sprejema drugačnost , vztrajno gradi most med ljudmi in pri tem se ne žrtvuje , temveč se odpoveduje človeški omejenosti .
» Svoboda je v dialogu , « izreče v osebnem nagovoru .
Ribič pa se je vse svoje življenje boril , z vlečenjem mrež je hranil sebe in družino .
» Potomci so tu , na katere sem ponosen , « zaupa v kamero , ker sta njegova odrasla sinova zanj največji dosežek .
Šele sedaj , ko je za vse poskrbel , lahko razmišlja o upokojitvi ... Prof. dr. Janez Juhant in Franc Pianecki , sta se že pred mnogimi leti odločila , in od takrat , iz dneva v dan , za svoji odločitvi odgovarjata sebi , družini , skupnosti in ravno ta njuna pokončna drža moška dela zanimiva ter spoštovana .
JUST as native English - speakers stumble with Japanese , the Japanese struggle mightily with English , not to mention Korean or Chinese .
In the widely used TOEFL tests of English as a foreign language , Japan invariably ranks second from bottom among the 29 countries participating in the scheme .
Compared with the 150 m people around the world who speak English as a second language , there are only 9 m non-native speakers of Japanese — and most of those were forced to learn the language during Japan 's era of colonial occupation , and are now dying of old age .
For those who put their faith in technology , therefore , it was encouraging to hear Shinzo Abe , Japan 's prime minister , demonstrate his linguistic skills a few weeks ago with a palm - sized gizmo that provided instantaneous translations of spoken Japanese into near - flawless English and Chinese .
Mr Abe can manage perfectly well without such a device , being one of the few Japanese prime ministers in recent years to speak English fluently .
And the question he asked the gadget in Japanese ( “ Is there a department store nearby ? ” ) was hardly the nuanced dialogue of politics and diplomacy .
Even so , the fact that a pocket - sized device could interpret tourist - type phrases accurately and on the fly , from one language to several others , says much about the improvements that have been made lately in machine translation .
This device , developed by the Advanced Telecommunications Research Institute International near Kyoto , is made so compact and effective by wireless connectivity .
A database containing upwards of 1 m examples of Japanese - English translations and 500,000 Japanese - Chinese ones is stored on a remote computer , which is interrogated wirelessly by the hand - held device .
EPA
One day this may fit in your pocket
Machine translation has been an elusive goal since the earliest days of computer science .
The Pentagon poured millions of dollars into efforts to get computers to translate Russian sentences into English .
But disillusionment set in the 1960s when it became clear that producing results indistinguishable from a human translator was n't going to happen soon , if ever .
The major obstacles were not computational but linguistic .
The missing ingredient was a fuller understanding of language itself .
That is still true .
But computational linguists are nowadays making greater strides by being less ambitious .
They 've come to realise that there are many tasks that need only rough translations — such as initial drafts for professional translators , or for experts who know the topic well .
Success is also being achieved in fields where the subject domain is itself limited — weather reports , for example , or patent law , or medical diagnosis .
The main drivers for this more pragmatic approach to machine translation have been the enlargement of the European Union and the spread of the internet .
Both have generated a pressing need for cheap and cheerful translations between numerous languages .
In turn , this has spawned a wealth of new translation approaches .
The Pentagon poured millions of dollars into efforts to get computers to translate Russian sentences into English .
But disillusionment set in ...
The missing ingredient was a fuller understanding of language itself
The earliest method , “ direct translation ” , is applied strictly to a single pair of languages , usually in just one direction ( say , from Japanese to English only ) .
In this case , the translation is done direct from the source language to the target language using as little analysis of syntax and semantics as necessary .
All that is needed is a colossal bilingual dictionary and a program for analysing the source text and generating the target text .
This kind of approach still crops up in digital phrase books — though , to be fair to Mr Abe 's gizmo , it had many more smarts in it than just a huge online dictionary .
By and large , however , such systems have been eclipsed by “ rule - based ” methods , which translate one language into another in either a two - or three - step process .
Here , the source text is first translated into a set of rules about syntax and semantic meaning that is common to the target language , or even a number of target languages .
Then , the text that has been translated into an intermediate language , or “ interlingua ” , is translated into the target language .
This way , the same analysis software and interlingua can be used for translating one language into many others .
Now even rule - based translators are giving way to “ statistical translation ” methods borrowed from information theory .
The idea is that a phrase in one language has a certain probability of being a particular phrase in a second language .
This probability - matching has become possible thanks to the enormous collections of texts , or “ corpora ” , which have been built up on computer databases for linguistics research , and tagged with their parts of speech ( verbs , nouns , adjectives , etc ) .
Such resources have been pounced upon already by engineers hoping to build speech - recognition and synthetic - voice systems .
Now machine - translation researchers are taking advantage of them , too .
With so much of today 's discourse taking place online , machine - readable corpora in dozens of languages are being accumulated at a phenomenal rate .
Matching an original phrase in one language with its most - probable translations in several other languages is becoming almost a routine task .
Given time , that elusive goal of speaking down the phone in your own language , and having the person at the other end unaware that you not speaking in his or her tongue , actually looks achievable .
Even the bilingual Mr Abe should be pleased .
It was in some ways predictable that the central player in the system of willed errors and reversals that is the Bush administration would turn out to be its vice - president , Richard B. Cheney .
Here was a man with considerable practice in the reversal of his own errors .
He was never a star .
No one ever called him a natural .
He reached public life with every reason to believe that he would continue to both court failure and overcome it , take the lemons he seemed determined to pick for himself and make the lemonade , then spill it , let someone else clean up .
The son of two New Deal Democrats , his father a federal civil servant with the Soil Conservation Service in Casper , Wyoming , he more or less happened into a full scholarship to Yale : his high school girlfriend and later wife , Lynne Vincent , introduced him to her part - time employer , a Yale donor named Thomas Stroock who , he later told Nicholas Lemann , “ called Yale and told ’em to take this guy . ”
The beneficiary of the future Lynne Cheney ’s networking lasted three semesters , took a year off before risking a fourth , and was asked to leave .
“ He was in with the freshman football players , whose major activity was playing cards and horsing around and talking a lot , ” his freshman roommate told the Yale Daily News , not exactly addressing the enigma .
“ Was n’t gonna go to college and buckle down ” and “ I did n’t like the East ” are two versions of how Cheney himself failed to address it .
As an undergraduate at the University of Wyoming he interned with the Wyoming State Senate , which was , in a state dominated by cattle ranchers and oil producers and Union Pacific management , heavily Republican .
This internship appears to have been when Cheney began identifying himself as a Republican .
( “ You ca n’t take my vote for granted , ” his father would advise him when he first ran for Congress as a Republican . )
He graduated from Wyoming in 1965 and , in the custom of the Vietnam years , went on to receive a master ’s degree .
He never wrote a dissertation ( “ did all the work for my doctorate except the dissertation , ” as if the dissertation were not the point ) and so never got the doctorate in political science for which he then enrolled at the University of Wisconsin .
Still , he persevered , or Lynne Cheney did .
When , in 1968 , at age twenty - seven , a no - longer - draft - eligible “ academic ” with a wife and a child and no Ph.D. and no clear clamor for his presence , he left Wisconsin for Washington , he managed to meet the already powerful Donald Rumsfeld about a fellowship in his House office .
Cheney , by his own description and again failing to address the enigma , “ flunked the interview . ”
He retreated back to the only place at the table , the office of a freshman Republican Wisconsin congressman , Bill Steiger , for whom Cheney was said to be not a first choice …
USA Today :
The ‘ why ' behind China 's own private space race http://www.usatoday.com/printedition/news/20051018/opcom18.art.htm
October 18 , 2005 // Page 21A // By James Oberg
The safe return of the second human space mission by Chinese astronauts Monday leaves no doubt that Beijing is committed to this expensive and risky activity .
Considering the economic and technological strain it places on China , the natural question to ask is : Why ?
Despite Western theorizing about space challenges — a new moon race or even a military conquest of the heavens — the most plausible rationale for the Shenzhou program appears to be what Chinese leaders have always stated .
They expect that it will be good for China , the Chinese people and for the ruling regime .
The program 's leisurely pace , with the recent mission coming two years after its first human flight , is consistent with the belief that China intends to extract the maximum benefit without a “ crash program ” to challenge other space powers to some cosmic goal line .
There is no new space race , but China clearly intends to wind up as a winner .
Five years ago , China released a “ white paper ” on its space goals .
The document highlighted space activities as a key element “ in the modernization drive of countries all over the world , ” and declared that China “ has all along regarded the space industry as an integral part of the state 's comprehensive development strategy . ”
Specific unmanned applications such as satellites have been deployed to provide cost - effective services .
Chinese specialists studied the history of space activities in the USSR , the USA and other space - faring nations and extracted lessons to guide their own strategy .
In June 2000 , soon after the first unmanned test flight of a Shenzhou spacecraft , an article in Xiandai Bingqi magazine explained why the cost of human flight was justified : “ From a science and technology perspective , the experience of developing and testing a manned spacecraft will be more important to China 's space effort than anything that their astronauts can actually accomplish on the new spacecraft , ” the article stated .
“ This is because it will raise levels in areas such as computers , space materials , manufacturing technology , electronic equipment , systems integration and testing . ”
Merely raising technological levels is not enough , Chinese experts concluded .
The outside world , as well as China , must be persuaded such improvements have occurred .
Successful human space missions , as the past half century has shown , do precisely that .
For China , this has measurable commercial , diplomatic and military value .
The reputation of Chinese high - tech exports , competing with similar items from around the world , is enhanced by space successes , and this raises the prices customers can be compelled to pay .
China 's ability to do what it promises in space is an affirmation of its reliability in fulfilling other technology - related promises .
The perceived effectiveness of Chinese high - tech weapons — from missiles to jets to submarines — is elevated by these visible successes in related space hardware .
Nor can national pride be sneezed away as a genuine benefit , especially in light of the still - divided domestic economy .
National unity and discipline have been themes of China 's history for thousands of years .
When a central government has “ the mandate of heaven ” it can maintain order and security .
Without widespread public acceptance of its legitimacy and effectiveness , a regime can fall .
What better source for a “ mandate of heaven ” in the 21st century than the heavens themselves ?
A moon probe and small space station by 2010 , shared with allied nations , is the stated goal — and it 's entirely logical .
Shenzhou ( which means “ heavenly vessel ” ) will carry astronauts to and from the station , but it will also carry the meaningful message of China 's technological status , with all the international ramifications that the recognition of that status signifies .
James Oberg , a retired “ rocket scientist , ” is a news media consultant and author .
First released in 1992 for the Acorn Archimedes , re-released in 1998 for PC .
And now , updated for XP / Vista / Windows 7 , and looking more psychedelic than ever .
Download
Idle Thumbs
Imagine a world where instead of using his experiences with LSD to become an evangelist of therapeutic psychadelia , Timothy Leary had instead opted to learn assembler and program low - budget shmups for pc-download .
For those unable to afford even the smallest portion of crack , Spheres of Chaos will dilate the pupil of your third eye and give you change from a fiver .
This is no usual Asteriods family member , SoC is the difficult nephew .
The one with all the good albums who stayed out late and got that girl into trouble back in school .
Those particle effects ?
You can recognise the family traits as being present and correct , but somewhere in the past you can see some Minter has entered the bloodline .
You 're going to be glad very soon that SoC does n't really vacate from the Asteroids paradigm , because whilst the basic game is in the same world - visually , this has vacated the previous galaxy .
This is the anti-asteroids .
Whereas
Logg drew his space pure , flat and black - exquisitely cut with bright white - McLeod gives you all the colours .
All at once .
And then he cycles them .
Edge online :
Spheres of Chaos delivers a psychadelic experience that one would be remiss to not experience .
Taking the simple concept of a single ship shooting various sized space objects from the sky , Spheres of Chaos delivers an eye - boggling visual encounter using up to 130,000 pixels to create firework explosions , rockets and trails .
... an astonishing range of levels and enemies - enough to keep even the most dedicated gamer occupied , although their sanity after extended play might well be doubted ...
Confusing , explosive , enticing fun - not to be missed .
Edge magazine :
It may hurt the eyes after sustained play , but Spheres of Chaos is worth all the effort .
Shoot a rock crystal and it is as likely to leak liquid pixels as explode in a shower of space dust .
Slack 'n ' Hash
I 've been playing Spheres for years and I 've suffered no adverse long - term health effects .
At risk of qualifying for an entry in Private Eye's ' Pseuds ' column , the game bombards you with melodic chimes and chords ; huge , brightly coloured graphics and bursts of coloured particles , and I do n't think there 's a brain that wo n't be affected by the sheer volume of sensory data .
Daily radar :
Spheres of Chaos is a startling reminder that games do n't need to span multiple CDs or use 3D acceleration to be great ; ... the visual effects are utterly hypnotic .
Some player comments :
I just downloaded Spheres of Chaos , and I was simply blown away by the beautiful graphics and intriguing gameplay !
The sound effects are absolutely amazing , tremendously complex , and mind tingling !.
They rock the walls of the room with the sound running through my home stereo system .
Just thought I 'd let you know , your game is really , really cool !
I spent most of last night playing the full version of Spheres of Chaos , and I am totally hooked !
Our master is very kind .
Our master allows us to keep half of the money we make at work .
The other half goes to help other workers .
They could get sick or fired and thus the master would help them through our compassionate contributions .
Our master protects our minds when we watch TV or listen to the radio .
We are very sensitive to profanity and obscenity and thus our master takes care of our children and families so that they will grow up in a healthy environment .
Our master performs marvelous public works .
Often times our homes need to be demolished so that a highway , or a store or a school can be built there .
This does not worry us ; we are compensated and happy to accept our fate for the benefit of society .
Our master has an extensive list of things that we cannot ingest .
Only a healthy society can be a free society .
When our minds and bodies are in unison with the master ’s desires , there is peace and cooperation .
Our master looks out for our country and national interests by performing preemptive actions that neutralize foreign aggressors and diminish any desire for future attacks against us .
Our master monitors our conversations and communications .
This guarantees that any potential threat is handled before innocent people are hurt .
We are much safer this way .
It is better to stamp out evil before it adopts human form .
Our master cares so much for us that large publications of rules and regulations have been distributed among us so that we can follow them for our own good .
Our businesses can now thrive .
Market failures are a thing of the past .
We welcome any new guidelines and yearn to enact them immediately .
Our master keeps all the weapons , watches over us and keeps us safe .
We cannot harm each other now .
Yes , our master is very kind .
Let us go to sleep tonight knowing that we are in great hands .
The Best of Manuel Lora
hey buddy , is this your sander vitreus ?
Whose Fish ?
By Albert Einstein ( maybe )
Update :
We 've put this puzzle in a handy portable / printable PDF version here so you can find out how smart your family really is this holiday season .
Cheers .
This brainteaser , reportedly written by Einstein is difficult and Einstein said that 98 % of the people in the world could not figure it out .
Which percentage are you in ?
There are five houses in a row in different colors .
In each house lives a person with a different nationality .
The five owners drink a different drink , smoke a different brand of cigar and keep a different pet , one of which is a Walleye Pike .
The question is -- who owns the fish ?
Hints :
1 . The Brit lives in the red house .
2 . The Swede keeps dogs as pets .
3 . The Dane drinks tea .
4 . The green house is on the left of the white house .
5 . The green house owner drinks coffee .
6 . The person who smokes Pall Malls keeps birds .
7 . The owner of the yellow house smokes Dunhills .
8 . The man living in the house right in the center drinks milk .
9 . The man who smokes Blends lives next to the one who keeps cats .
10 . The Norwegian lives in the first house .
11 . The man who keeps horses lives next to the one who smokes Dunhills .
12 . The owner who smokes Bluemasters drinks beer .
13 . The German smokes Princes .
14 . The Norwegian lives next to the blue house .
15 .
The man who smokes Blends has a neighbor who drinks water .
There are no tricks , pure logic will get you the correct answer .
And yes , there is enough information to arrive at the one and only correct answer .
If you get the correct answer , congratulations , you are one of the exclusive group of 121,348,731 people in the world who can .
Send your correct answer and / or complaints to " michele at " - this was all her idea .
Note :
We were tempted to include the phrase " show your work " with the rules for entry but then we figured that any dork who would Google a puzzle like this in order to win would have to live with self - loathing and guilt for the rest of their life and that would far outweigh the value of the prize package .
Yes , we are in fact talking to you Nick M .
Note II : Of course , you never know , we might have been smart enough to shuffle the variables a bit so that the answer you find from Googling previous posts of the puzzle might be wrong in a way that allows us to know of your laziness and treachery .
Not that we 'd ever make such knowledge public or anything .
Note III :
The online contest is over but we wo n't spoil your fun , unless of course you want it spoiled .
Click here for the answer if you want to take the easy way out .
Note IV : For people who like this sort of thing we have a second fish puzzle available here and a slightly different sort of brain - teaser called Da Vinci 's Other Code here .
Get busy .
Note V : A few resources for solvers .
Beware , these contain the answers so do n't look until you 're done or more likely , have given up .
Coudal Cover Page
Gizmodo editor emeritus Joel Johnson is back , and if you thought he was doling out noogies before , wait til you get a hold of his first column where he scolds you , the Giz writers , the gadget makers , and you , dear readers , for supporting the disgusting cycle of gadget whoring .
Just like the obscure route that your marijuana money takes into the Al Qaeda pocketbooks , by reading , writing , and buying shitty gadgets , we 're just as guilty as the people who build them .
Advertisement
Consumer electronics are a joke .
It 's everyone 's fault but mine .
You assholes .
These guys want me to write a weekly column , but I hate consumer electronics , I hate marketing , and I hate you people , because you 're all so dumb .
If you 're lucky and I need the money , I will .
Advertisement
I gave up two years of my life writing about gadgets for this site .
Waking up every morning at 5 AM , chewing up press releases to find the rare morsel of legitimate information , chasing down " hot tips " that ended up being photochops of iPods with reflections of genitals in the touchscreens .
Oh , and the worst : fielding emails from PR parasites eager to suck away precious time in a half - hour phone meeting while the Senior Vice - President of Smoke Blowing tells me about how his company 's software — based on an idea cribbed from Google — is going to change the way I look at something I did n't care about in the first place .
( Inevitably , " forever . " )
And you guys just ate it up .
Kept buying shitty phones and broken media devices green and dripping with DRM .
You broke the site , clogging up the pipe like retarded salmon , to read the latest announcements of the most trivial jerk - off products , completely ignoring the stories about technology actually making a difference to real human beings , because you wanted a new chromed robot turd to put in your pocket to impress your friends and make you forget for just a few minutes , blood coursing as you tremblingly cut through the blister pack , that your life is utterly void of any lasting purpose .
Then you had the audacity to complain about broken phones , half - assed firmware that bricked your gear , and winner - takes - nothing arms races between the companies whose gear your bought and the hackers who had nothing better to do than try to fix it .
Do you realize how ridiculous that is ?
Programmers with free time did more to help you get quality products than you ever did by buying the broken gear in the first place .
Stop buying this crap .
Just stop it .
You do n't need it .
Wait a year until the reviews come out and the other suckers too addicted to having the very latest and greatest buy it , put up a review , and have moved on to something else .
Stop buying broken products and then shrugging your shoulders when it does n't do what it is supposed to .
Stop buying products that serve any other master than you .
Use older stuff that works .
Make it yourself .
Only buy new stuff from companies that have proven themselves good servants of their customers in the past .
Complaining online about this stuff helps , but really , just stop buying it .
Advertisement
You want to know the punchline ?
The average Joe that makes up the market is smarter than you saps .
The market - at - large waits until a clear leader emerges , then takes a modest plunge .
You may think you 're making up the " bleeding edge " of " gadget pimpatude " but you 're really just a loose confederation of marks the consumer electronics industry uses as free market research and easy money .
" Give me the latest version , " you coo , hiking up your skirt another inch over your exposed wallet .
" Point Oh One upgrades make me so hot . "
And for god 's sake , Gizmodo , stop giving this stuff such a free pass .
Stop using terminology that they 've programmed into you by puking it into your eyeballs via press release after press release .
What is this " unleashes " horseshit , Deleon ?
You 're not in marketing .
Do n't write like you are .
This is obviously a not a real product , Frucci .
Did you even read the site you linked ?
Are you actually writing boosterism - filled copy about products that do n't actually exist ?
Oh my god , Wilson , you 're writing about that house - printing machine ?
I wrote about that almost three years ago .
( You get a slight pass because I could n't find my old link in Google because of Gawker 's inexplicable " Wheel O' Permalink Syntax , " but still , you guys are supposed to be well - versed experts about technology .
You should know about this stuff .
The C in " Gizmodo " is for " some fucking context , " which you should provide , even if you only get paid per cock joke . )
Advertisement
While we 're on the subject of your torpid , irresponsible copy , stop calling stuff " * tastic . "
Especially " geektastic , " your slackest - jawed portmanteau .
Would you drop that bon mot to a woman you were trying to hit on in real life ?
Of course you would , because I know you guys , and you 're dorks .
Get it together : every single one of these consumer electronics companies should be approached as the enemy .
They work for us .
Hold their feet to the fire when they say their product is going to change even a small part of our lives .
Circle back again in six months when they 're shilling the incremental upgrade and ask them why the last version did n't cut the mustard .
Step out of your blogging trench and ask yourself what your responsibility is to the tens of thousands of idiots who are reading this site right now to determine what they should spend their next paycheck on .
They 've already proven they 're too imbicilic to make any smart purchases on their own .
( Remember , Gizmodo was a nexus of debate over which MP3 player was going to " kill " the iPod two years after Apple won . )
If you write like another stupid fanboy who ricochets a pillar of spunk off the roof of his gaping mouth just because something is glossy and uses electricity , you 're just doing the work of the companies trying to get rich selling us broken promises .
Advertisement
Ah . I feel better .
Did n't help a thing , but I feel better , and I 'm what 's important here .
Xooglers
A gathering spot for ex-Googlers to reminisce and comment on the latest developments in search .
Firefighters and other emergency services were sent to the scene
Scene of the attack
Attackers tried to drive two cars at the embassy compound but three men were killed by guards and a fourth was captured , the interior minister said .
One car bomb went off but a second failed , he told Syrian state TV , adding that it was being examined for clues .
US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said Washington appreciated Syria 's efforts to protect the embassy .
A member of Syria 's security forces was also killed but there are no reports of US casualties .
Security forces have sealed off the Rawda area , which also houses other embassies and security installations .
Damascus has seen sporadic unrest in recent years , including a reported attempt to bomb the Canadian embassy .
There is currently no US ambassador to Damascus and very limited contact between the governments .
' Religious slogans '
" Three terrorists were killed and one was wounded , " the Interior Minister , Gen Bassam Abdel Majid , said .
AREA OF EMBASSY ATTACK
In pictures : Embassy clash
It was , in his words , a " terrorist operation targeting the US embassy " and involving home - made bombs and automatic weapons .
" One [ attacker ] was captured , injured , and the investigation may reveal where they came from or their backgrounds , " the minister added .
Ayman Abdel - Nour , a Syrian political commentator who was in the area , said the attackers had run " toward the compound shouting religious slogans while firing their automatic rifles " .
Grenades were reportedly thrown at the embassy 's wall , said by the Associated Press news agency to be about 2.5 m ( 8 ft ) high .
Witnesses said that after an initial exchange of fire , two of the attackers sought refuge in a nearby building but were pursued and gunned down by security forces .
According to the Syrian state news agency , 14 people were injured including two members of the security forces and a local employee at the embassy .
TV footage from the scene showed pools of blood on the pavement and what appeared to be improvised explosive devices using pipes and gas canisters .
A Chinese diplomat was treated in hospital for minor injuries caused by a stray bullet , the official Chinese news agency Xinhua reported .
He had been standing on the roof of the Chinese embassy , which is situated close to the US compound .
Heightened tension
Ms Rice said Washington " very much " appreciated the Syrians ' efforts to secure the embassy .
She added that it was too early to say who was behind the incident .
Syria is an authoritarian state where the security forces exert tight control on the population and the media .
A BBC correspondent in the region says the reported attack comes at a time of heightened tensions between Washington and Damascus , with bitterness in Syria over US support for Israeli military action in Lebanon .
The US accuses Syria of supporting the insurgency in Iraq and not doing enough to prevent weapons going to Hezbollah militants in Lebanon .
In June , four people died when Syrian security forces said they had foiled an attack by Islamist militants near the state - run television studios .
In April 2004 , four people were killed in a clash between Syrian police and a team of suspected bombers in the diplomatic quarter of Damascus .
The authorities accused Islamist militants of trying to blow up an explosives - laden car near the Canadian embassy .
よみかたあんけー と
気が向いたら以下の単語の読み方のアンケートに協力して下さい。
自分がその読み方をしてなくても読み方を 追加してもらっていいです。 読み方はなるべくひらがなで記述して下さい。 一つの IP で 1 回 だけ投票できます。 単語増やすのも歓迎です。 このシステムのソースコードは GPL2 で。 アンケートに答えてくれた人には ごほうびにマイノリティ度チェックを 。
アールイーエ ム 1 票 33 % ###### レム 1 票 33 % ###### ルートエム 1 票 33 % ######
すとぅどぅりぶ 0 票 0 % すたんだーどりぶ 2 票 50 % ########## えすてーでーりぶ 2 票 50 % ##########
●ね 0 票 0 % しゃいん 1 票 100 % ####################
ウォータ ー 3 票 100 % #################### ワラー 0 票 0 % ウォラー 0 票 0 %
アールイーエル 0 票 0 % レル 3 票 100 % #################### リレーション 0 票 0 %
チャーセッ ト 3 票 75 % ############### チャラセット 0 票 0 % キャラセット 1 票 25 % ##### キャラクターセット 0 票 0 %
ソース・ハン・サ ン 1 票 33 % ###### ソース・ハン・サンズ 2 票 66 % #############
ノトサン ズ 3 票 75 % ############### ノトサン 1 票 25 % #####
サンセリ フ 1 票 25 % ##### サンズセリフ 3 票 75 % ############### ゴシック系 0 票 0 %
リラティブ 0 票 0 % リレイティ ブ 5 票 83 % ################ レラティブ 1 票 16 % ###
ボーダーラディア ス 1 票 20 % #### ボーダーラディウス 3 票 60 % ############ ボーダーレイディアス 1 票 20 % ####
エーリアル 0 票 0 % アーリアル 0 票 0 % アリアル 0 票 0 % アライアル 2 票 40 % ######## エイリアル 3 票 60 % ############
ぐーぐる 3 票 75 % ############### だぼだぼだぼぐーぐるこむ 1 票 25 % #####
きけいじゅう 0 票 0 % うばぅく 1 票 33 % ###### うばうく 1 票 33 % ###### だぶるびーえーだぶるしー 1 票 33 % ######
くべくとー 0 票 0 % くべくとる 1 票 20 % #### きゅーぶこんとろーる 3 票 60 % ############ くべこんとろーる 1 票 20 % ####
エスラー 1 票 3 % エスアイアー 8 票 29 % ##### エスアイヤー 16 票 59 % ########### しえあ 1 票 3 % サイアー 1 票 3 %
オーアールマッ パ 9 票 90 % ################## オアマッパ 1 票 10 % ##
ウェ〜イ 3 票 75 % ############### ういー 1 票 25 % #####
すとらこんぷ 14 票 82 % ################ スタアコンプ 0 票 0 % ストリングコンプ 1 票 5 % # えすてぃーあーるこんぷ 2 票 11 % ##
inetpub 0 票 0 % アイネットパ ブ 6 票 100 % ####################
まだ投票項目が無いです
まだ投票項目が無いです
アヌス 1 票 100 % ####################
まだ投票項目が無いです
みぎがわがひらいたやまかっこふたつ 1 票 100 % ####################
ばいんど 1 票 100 % ####################
-- 0 票 0 % しーぷらぷらー 9 票 81 % ################ しーぷらすぷらさー 2 票 18 % ###
まだ投票項目が無いです
まだ投票項目が無いです
いにっと 30 票 100 % #################### インイト 0 票 0 %
えめっと 14 票 100 % ####################
ゆにーくあいでんてぃふぁいあー 12 票 80 % ################ ゆにーくあいでんてぃふぃあー 1 票 6 % # ゆにーくあいでんてぃふぁー 2 票 13 % ##
こんすとえくす ぷ 3 票 27 % ##### こんすとえくすぷれっしょん 4 票 36 % ####### こんすとえくすぷる 1 票 9 % # こんすといーえっくすぴーあーる
0 票 0 % こんすとえくすぱー 2 票 18 % ### こんすたんとえくすぷれっしょん
1 票 9 % #
しきき 3 票 75 % ############### しきぼく 1 票 25 % #####
コンキャティネイ ト 3 票 75 % ############### コンカティネイト 1 票 25 % #####
ナガノケントウミ シ 1 票 100 % ####################
スタジオ 6 票 100 % ####################
すたっどあいおー 2 票 10 % ## えすてぃーでぃお 1 票 5 % # すたんだーどあいおー 14 票 70 % ############## スタディオ 1 票 5 % # えすてぃーでぃーあいおー 2 票 10 % ##
おーえすつー 23 票 69 % ############# おすつー 0 票 0 % おーえすにー 1 票 3 % おすにー 2 票 6 % # おーえすすらっしゅつー 0 票 0 % おーえすすらっしゅにー 0 票 0 % IEnumerable 5 票 15 % # ## disabled 0 票 0 % SKR 0 票 0 % 田村鋼業 2 票 6 % # IEnumerable 0 票 0 %
ぱいぷらいん 11 票 35 % ####### おあ 20 票 64 % ############ boolean 0 票 0 % finally 0 票 0 % 炙り焼き 0 票 0 % STDLIB
0 票 0 % IEnumerable 0 票 0 % 鼻毛 0 票 0 %
しんいち 15 票 78 % ############### 落札者 0 票 0 % ㅡㅠㅜㅜㅊㄹㅎㄹㅇㅎ 3 票 15 % ### 綱島 0 票 0 % AAA 0 票 0 % コナン大人 1 票 5 % #
えーえーえ ー 6 票 15 % ### とりぷるえー 31 票 79 % ############### すりーえー 1 票 2 % 西恋ケ窪 0 票 0 % IEnumerable 0 票 0 % うんち 1 票 2 % とらいえーす 0 票 0 %
エネーチケー 16 票 36 % ####### えぬえっちけー 3 票 6 % # えねーちけー 4 票 9 % # エヌエイチケー 18 票 40 % ######## にほんひきこもりきょうかい 3 票 6 % #
ばあい 36 票 97 % ################### ばわい 0 票 0 % ばやい 1 票 2 % ばーい 0 票 0 %
ぶいおうあいぴい 22 票 46 % ######### ヴォうあいぴい 2 票 4 % ヴォいぴい 0 票 0 % ヴォいっぷ 7 票 14 % ## ぼいぷ 12 票 25 % ##### ボアイピイ 0 票 0 % ボイピイ 0 票 0 % ヴォウイップ 1 票 2 % 映して 0 票 0 % ブォルパ 2 票 4 % ぼいすおーばーあいぴい 1 票 2 %
わたふ 7 票 38 % ####### 被塗物 0 票 0 % わとふ 0 票 0 % うとぅふ 1 票 5 % # わっつだふぁっく 3 票 16 % ### だぶりゅてぃーえふ 7 票 38 % #######
のーあんさー 3 票 6 % # のっとあぷりかぶる 0 票 0 % のっとあべいらぶる 6 票 13 % ## えぬえー 30 票 66 % ############# のっとあなんばー 0 票 0 % な 2 票 4 % しゃーぷえぬえー 2 票 4 % ならべらぶる 2 票 4 %
カス 3 票 6 % # ザコ 2 票 4 % よわい 0 票 0 % うらわ 42 票 85 % ################# カッス 1 票 2 % れいわ 1 票 2 %
えむじぇーけー 11 票 19 % ### まじっく 2 票 3 % まじか 44 票 77 % ############### まじょか 0 票 0 %
さっくす 38 票 97 % ################### えすえーえっくす 1 票 2 %
いまっぷ 13 票 15 % ### あいまっぷ 70 票 83 % ################ 愛まん 1 票 1 %
りゃく 12 票 26 % ##### りあく 20 票 43 % ######## りゃっく 3 票 6 % # りあっく 3 票 6 % # らいあっく 6 票 13 % ## りーおく 0 票 0 % りーあっく 1 票 2 % ひらばやし 1 票 2 %
にぶんたんさく 53 票 61 % ############ にぶたんさく 26 票 30 % ###### 八重洲中央南口 0 票 0 % りーおく 1 票 1 % にふんたんさく 5 票 5 % # ドラゴンブレイブやって 1 票 1 %
うじむずぶむる 15 票 68 % ############# ウィジウォズムルゥ 4 票 18 % ### わじむずぶむる 3 票 13 % ## うじむずぶむあ 0 票 0 %
あいねっとぱぶ 38 票 88 % ################# いねとぷぶ 5 票 11 % ##
ienumerable 1 票 1 % おると 61 票 70 % ############## をると 2 票 2 % あると 19 票 21 % #### オルタネート 2 票 2 % アート 1 票 1 % おるつ 1 票 1 %
りんく 62 票 78 % ############### らいんきゅー 2 票 2 % りんきゅー 15 票 18 % ###
こんていなー 17 票 21 % #### こんてな 17 票 21 % #### こんてなー 42 票 53 % ########## こんたいねー 2 票 2 % こんてぃなー 1 票 1 %
しーぷらすぷらすじゅういち 28 票 31 % ###### しーぷらすぷらすいれぶん
5 票 5 % # しーぴーぴーわんわん 2 票 2 % しーたすたすいちいち 1 票 1 % しーぷらぷらじゅういち 32 票 35 % ####### 中畝店 1 票 1 % しーぷらぷらいれぶん 2 票 2 % しーぷらぷらわんわん 1 票 1 % しーぷらすぷらすいちいち 2 票 2 % しーぷらぷらいちいち 9 票 10 % ## しーぷらぴんぴん 0 票 0 % しーぷらぷらぴんぴん 1 票 1 % しーぷらイレブン 1 票 1 % しーぷらにーわんにー 1 票 1 % しーたすたすじゅういち 1 票 1 % しーぷらじゅういち 2 票 2 %
ぎっとはぶ 58 票 71 % ############## じっとはぶ 14 票 17 % # ## じすぅー 2 票 2 % ぎっさぶ 2 票 2 % ぎちゅぶ 1 票 1 % ぎしゅぶ 1 票 1 % ぎすとはぶ 0 票 0 % ぎすたぶ 1 票 1 % じーあいてぃはぶ 2 票 2 %
ジフ 94 票 75 % ############### ギフ 24 票 19 % ### ジーアイエフ 7 票 5 % #
アイエーエヌエー 26 票 45 % ######### 採用係様 1 票 1 % あいあな 16 票 28 % ##### いあな 14 票 24 % ####
アールシーピーティー 27 票 75 % ############### れしーと 2 票 5 % # レシプト 5 票 13 % ## るしゅぷと 1 票 2 % るくぷと 1 票 2 % レセプト 0 票 0 %
えへろー 7 票 21 % #### えへろ 9 票 28 % ##### いーへろー 8 票 25 % ##### えーろ 3 票 9 % # いはろ 3 票 9 % # いーろー 2 票 6 % #
へろー 30 票 71 % ############## ヒーロー 8 票 19 % ### えろ 2 票 4 % ハロー 2 票 4 %
じゅーん 11 票 24 % #### ずーん 29 票 64 % ############ ずね 3 票 6 % # ぞーん 1 票 2 % ぢゅーん 1 票 2 %
ろうそ 42 票 60 % ############ ろうくみ 27 票 39 % #######
かかくこむ 34 票 32 % ###### かかくどっとこむ 71 票 66 % ############# かかっこむ 1 票 0 %
えんじんえっくす 29 票 50 % ########## ねぎにくす 2 票 3 % んぎんくす 10 票 17 % # ## ngnix 0 票 0 % にんじんえっくす 1 票 1 % えぬじんくす 4 票 7 % # えぬぎんくす 6 票 10 % ## にぎんくす 3 票 5 % # ねくすとじぇねれーしょんいんくす 0 票 0 % ぬぎんくす 2 票 3 %
ペロペロ 2 票 4 % ぴーえふあい 43 票 91 % ################## ぷふぃ 2 票 4 % （ Private Finance Initiative：プライベート・ファイナンス・イニシアティブ）
0 票 0 %
ビーオーエフ 23 票 52 % ########## ぼふ 20 票 45 % ######### ばっふぁおーばーふろー 1 票 2 %
エイチオージ ー 6 票 15 % ### ホグ 32 票 84 % ################
ほすつ 73 票 85 % ################# ほすとす 9 票 10 % ## ほすとえす 1 票 1 % 片平先生 1 票 1 % ほすてす 1 票 1 %
参照外し 0 票 0 % 参照剥がし 1 票 1 % 逆参照 1 票 1 % 間接参照 0 票 0 % 参照分解 0 票 0 % 脱参照 0 票 0 % 参照先 0 票 0 % でりふぁれんす 47 票 81 % ################ でぃあーふぇれんす 1 票 1 % でぃりふぁれんす 8 票 13 % ##
サイ 34 票 70 % ############## くず 13 票 27 % ##### きし 1 票 2 %
ウミブタ 9 票 14 % ## イルカ 49 票 76 % ############### 泳げねー豚はただの豚だ 5 票 7 % # フグ 0 票 0 % デブ 1 票 1 %
すかじー 59 票 86 % ################# さくしー 2 票 2 % すくじー 0 票 0 % えすしーえすあい 4 票 5 % # 延長 0 票 0 % IEnumerable 0 票 0 % ｈｇｈ 0 票 0 % はまじー 0 票 0 % すかし 1 票 1 % すくし 1 票 1 % すし 1 票 1 %
すきーむ 62 票 89 % ################# すちぇめ 3 票 4 % すちーむ 2 票 2 % しぇいみ 0 票 0 % すけみー 0 票 0 % けみすとりー 1 票 1 % すけみぃ 1 票 1 % すへめ 0 票 0 % すくへめ 0 票 0 % しゅへいむ 0 票 0 % すけいみ 0 票 0 %
えーだぶりゅけー 7 票 10 % ## おーく 48 票 69 % ############# あうく 9 票 13 % ## あうぉーく 1 票 1 % おうく 4 票 5 % #
ぶじゃむ 4 票 12 % ## びゃむ 1 票 3 % びーじゃむ 26 票 81 % ################ びじゃむ 1 票 3 %
うりー 47 票 90 % ################## わりい 5 票 9 % #
しん 17 票 32 % ###### しーいん 27 票 50 % ########## きん 2 票 3 % ちん 4 票 7 % # 喘鳴 2 票 3 % きーん 1 票 1 %
にぶんぼく 7 票 9 % # にぶんぎ 54 票 72 % ############## にふんぎ 1 票 1 % にぶんき 8 票 10 % ## にぶぎ 2 票 2 % にぶんもく 2 票 2 %
りーえふぁい 4 票 14 % ## れいふぁい 10 票 37 % ####### らいふぁい 1 票 3 % れいふい 3 票 11 % ## れいふぃ 4 票 14 % ## りーふぁい 5 票 18 % ###
どろねー 5 票 20 % #### どろーね 0 票 0 % どろーねー 1 票 4 % でろねー 1 票 4 % でろーね 1 票 4 % でろーねー 6 票 24 % #### でろにー 2 票 8 % # でろーに 0 票 0 % でろーにー 0 票 0 % でらうに 1 票 4 % でらうにー 3 票 12 % ## でらうねー 1 票 4 % ゆおえうあ 0 票 0 % でらうない 4 票 16 % ###
でらねい 5 票 38 % ####### でらこ 2 票 15 % ### でらうねい 6 票 46 % ######### でにょねい 0 票 0 %
くりいす ね 5 票 45 % ######### くらいせん 0 票 0 % くるうせぬ 0 票 0 % くるうすん 2 票 18 % # ## くるりーん 1 票 9 % # くりーん 0 票 0 % くるいすぬ 0 票 0 % しーるいてぃーえいちね 1 票 9 % # くりすぬ 0 票 0 % くるいすん 1 票 9 % # くるいすね 1 票 9 % # くりいすん 0 票 0 %
ちっと 1 票 3 % てぃーど 0 票 0 % てぃど 13 票 50 % ########## ちっど 3 票 11 % ## てぃーあいでぃ ー 9 票 34 % ######
しむでぃー 5 票 11 % ## しむど 29 票 69 % ############# 渡辺 0 票 0 % さいむど 2 票 4 % えすあいえむでぃー 6 票 14 % ##
ほこやりへい 18 票 69 % ############# むそぷおえいうはい 4 票 15 % # ## うgtばうy 0 票 0 % いおｐｙ６ｙｐ６い６ぽｐ 2 票 7 % # じゅんそうへい 1 票 3 % ぼうそうへい 0 票 0 % むそうへい 1 票 3 %
ないんだなそれが 11 票 22 % #### とちぎ 36 票 75 % ############### ほ〜ほほ〜〜う 0 票 0 % 群馬の手下 1 票 2 %
しどうどうどうどう る 5 票 22 % #### かだだだだら 1 票 4 % くだだだだら 1 票 4 % ｔｙ ｐ６い６うおい 1 票 4 % くだだだだー 9 票 40 % ######## くどぅどぅどぅどぅら 3 票 13 % ## くどぅる 1 票 4 % くどぅどぅどぅどぅる 1 票 4 %
いんてじゃｱｯｰ!ﾁｬｧｯｰ!
8 票 25 % ##### いんてじゃーからちゃー 5 票 16 % ### いんてじゃーよりちゃー 0 票 0 % いんてじゃーとぅーちゃー 2 票 6 % # いんてじゃーからきゃら 7 票 22 % #### いんてじゃーちゃー 4 票 12 % ## いんてじゃーやじるしちゃー
3 票 9 % # いんたじゃーあろーきゃら 1 票 3 % いんてじゃーをうけてちゃーをかえすかんすう
0 票 0 % いんてじゃーあろーきゃらくたー 1 票 3 %
てぃむとぅうとで ぃ 6 票 42 % ######## ぜあいずもあざんわんうぇいとぅーどぅーいっと
4 票 28 % ##### ぱーる 0 票 0 % ティムとウッディ 2 票 14 % ## thト ピjhtghとyクおっ結い尾tぴyろｐちぃ５ぽｙｊ５いｙじ５ｙｊｔｒｋｔ６じぃおｔ６いｙとｒけｒｇｊぉおおうじｔｒじじえｆｊんｃすいｒｙｈｔ
1 票 7 % # てぃんとうとぅでぃ 1 票 7 % #
ピスケス 12 票 66 % ############# 魚座のアフロディーテ 1 票 5 % # ぱいしーず 3 票 16 % ### ピッセス 1 票 5 % # ぴすせす 1 票 5 % #
だえもん 13 票 19 % ### だいもん 3 票 4 % でーもん 51 票 76 % ############### どあえもん 0 票 0 %
せんべーすてぃ 37 票 100 % ####################
あーるしんく 33 票 84 % ################ 届いた 0 票 0 % りしんく 5 票 12 % ## らしんく 1 票 2 %
ぎっと 45 票 69 % ############# じっと 16 票 24 % #### ぎと 3 票 4 % じーあいてぃー 1 票 1 % grails 0 票 0 %
しーてんけー 13 票 50 % ########## しーじゅっけー 12 票 46 % ######### しーじゅっきろ 0 票 0 % くらいあんといちまんだいもんだい
0 票 0 % しーじっけー 1 票 3 %
りゅうしん 20 票 83 % ################ ドラゴンボール 1 票 4 % くだらん 0 票 0 % ろんしん 3 票 12 % ##
まだ投票項目が無いです 3 票 4 % あきはばら 48 票 69 % ############# あきわはら 1 票 1 % あきばはら 5 票 7 % # あきわ゛わ゛ぁら 1 票 1 % あきばぱら 0 票 0 % くだらん 2 票 2 % あきば 7 票 10 % ## あきばっぱら 1 票 1 % あきわばら 0 票 0 % あきばわら 0 票 0 % しゅうようげん 0 票 0 % ヲタの巣窟 1 票 1 %
あーき 16 票 32 % ###### あーち 14 票 28 % ##### あーく 18 票 36 % ####### あるひ 0 票 0 % あーくへっだ 1 票 2 % あーへ 0 票 0 % あーひ 0 票 0 % あーは 0 票 0 %
すから 42 票 93 % ################## すけーら 2 票 4 % すかーら 1 票 2 %
すのーれぱーど 25 票 54 % ########## すのーれおぱーど 10 票 21 % #### すのーれおぱると 6 票 13 % ## すのーれおぱるど 3 票 6 % # なぽれおんぼなぱると 2 票 4 %
ぶれいんふぁっく 41 票 100 % ####################
ぶれいんfsck 0 票 0 % ぶれいんふっく 0 票 0 % ぶれいんなんとか 0 票 0 % 結衣 0 票 0 % ブレイン尾穴 0 票 0 %
ぐまいる 3 票 4 % じーめーる 68 票 94 % ################## じーめいる 1 票 1 %
おーおーす 34 票 69 % ############# おーす 5 票 10 % ## おーあうす 7 票 14 % ## オーアース 1 票 2 % おーーす 2 票 4 %
たおくぷ 10 票 83 % ################ たこっぷ 2 票 16 % ### たおしーぴー 0 票 0 %
しぇあどぽたー 1 票 2 % しぇあーどぽいんたー 29 票 72 % ############## しぇあどぽいんたー 4 票 10 % ## しぇあーどぴーてぃーあーる
5 票 12 % ## しぇあーどぷりんたー 0 票 0 % しぇあどぴてら 1 票 2 %
おーとぽたー 1 票 2 % おーとぽいんたー 32 票 82 % ################ おーとぴてぃーあーる 6 票 15 % ### おーとぷてら 0 票 0 %
たーんえー 34 票 55 % ########### ふぉーおーる 9 票 14 % ## すべて 7 票 11 % ## 全称記号 2 票 3 % アヒャ 7 票 11 % ## ゆにばーさるくおんてぃふぁいあ
1 票 1 % にんいの 1 票 1 %
すとりんぐ 18 票 21 % #### すとら 21 票 25 % ##### すたあ 7 票 8 % # えすてぃーあーる 24 票 29 % ##### すとあ 2 票 2 % すとる 6 票 7 % # くだらん 0 票 0 % すとり 2 票 2 % すとれんぐす 0 票 0 % すとろ 2 票 2 %
ぶーとすとらっぷ 56 票 94 % ################## ぶーつとらっぷ 3 票 5 % # くつひも 0 票 0 % ぶーと 0 票 0 %
グーグル （平坦なイントネーション） 56 票 63 % ############ グーグル （最初のグだけ高く） 23 票 26 % ##### グーグル （二番目のグだけ高く） 0 票 0 % グーゴー 1 票 1 % グーグル （グーグを高く） 1 票 1 % 立地条件 0 票 0 % 開発 0 票 0 % IEnumerable 1 票 1 % ぐぐる 2 票 2 % ごーぐる 0 票 0 % グーグル先生 1 票 1 % 先生 2 票 2 % ノフ゛ーノフ゛ノレ 0 票 0 % ぐるぐる 1 票 1 %
〜ごと 60 票 72 % ############## 〜まい 19 票 22 % #### 巻冊 0 票 0 % パー 3 票 3 % からたんいまい 0 票 0 % からかっこたんいかっことじまい 1 票 1 % つちのこ 0 票 0 %
すぃんく 12 票 22 % #### しんく 36 票 67 % ############# さいんえいち 0 票 0 % さいんしー 4 票 7 % # じんく 1 票 1 %
せっくすぱーとなー 1 票 2 % えすしき 0 票 0 % せくすぷ 12 票 35 % ####### えすえくすぷ 5 票 14 % ## えすいーえくすぴー 3 票 8 % # せっくすぴー 13 票 38 % ####### せっくすしないか？ 0 票 0 % じゅんきゅう 0 票 0 %
はると 41 票 56 % ########### ほーると 16 票 21 % #### ほると 16 票 21 % ####
いぬど 6 票 15 % ### もっともど 6 票 15 % ### ゆうど 23 票 58 % ########### しゃくど 4 票 10 % ##
こんふぃぎゅれーしょん おーう゛ぁー こんう゛ぇんしょん 1 票 3 % こっく 13 票 40 % ######## しーおーしー 17 票 53 % ########## こーる おぶ くとぅるふ 1 票 3 % こんう゛ぇんしょん おーう゛ぁー こんふぃぎゅれーしょ ん 0 票 0 %
えっくすえすえす 30 票 63 % ############ くろすさいとすくりぷてぃんぐ 13 票 27 % ##### こーげき 0 票 0 % ぺけえすえす 1 票 2 % クスクス 0 票 0 % くすす 3 票 6 % #
えむえす 21 票 43 % ######## えむどる 10 票 20 % #### えむだらー 14 票 29 % ##### まいくろそふと 2 票 4 % えむかね 0 票 0 % まいくそそふと 1 票 2 % モビルスーツ 0 票 0 %
まきしま 44 票 91 % ################## まくしま 4 票 8 % # ませまてぃか 0 票 0 %
neko operator 3 票 16 % ### squeak 1 票 5 % # ねこ 8 票 44 % ######## 猫 1 票 5 % # よめねー 5 票 27 % #####
ぼむ 48 票 96 % ################### びーおーえむ 1 票 2 % バイトオーダーマーク 1 票 2 %
びーでぃーえむ 22 票 100 % ####################
じぇいたぐ 30 票 100 % ####################
えくしぶ 9 票 47 % ######### えっくすしぶ 8 票 42 % ######## えっくすすぃう゛ 1 票 5 % # えっくすしーあいぶい 1 票 5 % # えくすすぃう゛ 0 票 0 %
ぬるぽた 1 票 1 % なるぽいんたー 7 票 11 % ## ぬるぽ 10 票 16 % ### ぬるぴーてぃーあーる 8 票 13 % ## ぬるぽいんたー 29 票 49 % ######### なるぴーてぃーあー 2 票 3 % むるぴゅーたー 1 票 1 % ぬるぷとぅる 1 票 1 % ぬるぷたー 0 票 0 %
しーぷらぷらぜろえっくす 33 票 94 % ################## さかなのほね 0 票 0 % しーぷらぷらおっくす 0 票 0 % しーぷらすぷらすぜろえっくす 2 票 5 % #
はんぷ 12 票 100 % #################### えいちえむぴーえいち 0 票 0 %
せっく 18 票 34 % ###### すぃっく 1 票 1 % すぃーくえんす 3 票 5 % # えすいーきゅぅー 1 票 1 % すぃーくぇんしゃる 0 票 0 % 組込み 0 票 0 % 学生 0 票 0 % せく 12 票 23 % #### すぃーく 2 票 3 % せっくる 2 票 3 % しーけんす 11 票 21 % #### しーく 2 票 3 % えすきゅーえる 0 票 0 %
らまぜ 6 票 33 % ###### れいめいず 1 票 5 % # らめいず 11 票 61 % ############ らめえええええええ 0 票 0 %
いふんでふ 29 票 41 % ######## いぶんでふ 0 票 0 % いふのっとでふ 7 票 10 % ## いふのっとでふぁいんど 1 票 1 % いふえぬでふ 30 票 42 % ######## いふあんでふ 3 票 4 %
くしい 8 票 61 % ############ さいふ 1 票 7 % # さい 4 票 30 % ######
りねーじゅ 12 票 50 % ########## らいんえーじ 12 票 50 % ########## らいなーげ 0 票 0 % ラインあげ 0 票 0 %
えすう゛いえぬ あっぷでー と 31 票 59 % ########### さう゛んあっぷ 1 票 1 % さう゛んあっぷでーと 2 票 3 % えすぶいえぬあっぷでーと 15 票 28 % ##### せぶんあっぷでーと 1 票 1 % すヴんうぷだて 2 票 3 %
あぃいなむれいたー 8 票 16 % ### あいえなみゅらいたー 2 票 4 % あいえにゅめれいたー 18 票 37 % ####### あいいにゅめれいたー 11 票 22 % #### あいいなみゅれいたー 5 票 10 % ## あいえにゅまれいたー 1 票 2 % あいえなみゅれいたー 1 票 2 % everyday 0 票 0 % あいいーなめれーたー 1 票 2 % あいいぬまれいたー 1 票 2 % あいいーなむ 0 票 0 % いんたーふぇーすいなみゅれーたー 0 票 0 %
あじゅーる 16 票 34 % ###### あっずーれ 0 票 0 % あずれ 7 票 14 % ## あすーる 1 票 2 % あずゅーる 4 票 8 % # あずーる 13 票 27 % ##### えいじゃー 1 票 2 % あずあ 3 票 6 % # あずーり 1 票 2 % あずゅあ 1 票 2 %
ぶいえすえぬぷりんとえふ 42 票 89 % ################# < script>alert ( 'xss ') ;</ script> 2 票 4 % ぶすのぷえいんでふ 0 票 0 % ぶすのぷりんでふ 0 票 0 % ぶいえすえぬぷりんとふ 3 票 6 % # ぶすんぷりんとふ 0 票 0 %
うぇるかむとぅざじゃんごー 1 票 2 % でぃーじゃんご 15 票 42 % ######## じゃんご 17 票 48 % ######### どじゃんご 2 票 5 % #
おーぷんすーぜ 19 票 79 % ############### おーぷんずーぜ 1 票 4 % おーぷんすーせ 3 票 12 % ## おーぷんすーじー 1 票 4 %
やてふ 21 票 51 % ########## やてっくす 11 票 26 % ##### やてっく 5 票 12 % ## やてひ 0 票 0 % わいえーてっくす 1 票 2 % 野鳥 2 票 4 % やてくす 1 票 2 %
はつづき 2 票 6 % # しょげつ 19 票 57 % ########### しょつき 1 票 3 % みかづき 0 票 0 % ういづき 7 票 21 % #### いーじーもーど 3 票 9 % # はつき 1 票 3 % ういげつ 0 票 0 %
しーらすさす る 3 票 15 % ### さいらすさする 14 票 73 % ############## さいらすさすーる 2 票 10 % ##
えるぴーしーてぃーえすてぃーあーる 18 票 47 % ######### ろんぐぽいんたちゃーてぃーすとりんぐ
2 票 5 % # えるぴーしーてぃーすとりんぐ 5 票 13 % ## 眺める 2 票 5 % # らぱかたすたら 2 票 5 % # えるぴーしーてぃーすとら 6 票 15 % ### えるぴーしーてぃーすとあ 0 票 0 % えるぴーしーてぃーすとる 2 票 5 % # えるぴーしーすたー 0 票 0 % えるぴーしーてぃーすたあ 1 票 2 %
あーふぁんびゅー 17 票 41 % ######## いーふぁんびゅー 7 票 17 % ### いるふぁんびゅー 15 票 36 % ####### いるはんびゅー 1 票 2 % あいらふぁんびゅー 1 票 2 %
せいきひょうげん 74 票 98 % ################### せいそくひょうげん 0 票 0 % regex 1 票 1 %
[ 委 ] 外注さんも大募集 !!
2 票 16 % ### 原材料購買 0 票 0 % くびっかるくる 10 票 83 % ################ くびっかるきゅーる 0 票 0 %
いばらき 38 票 62 % ############ いばらぎ 21 票 34 % ###### ちばらぎ 2 票 3 %
さむずてんでぃーびー 1 票 2 % さむねーるでぃーびー 4 票 8 % # さむずどっとでぃーびー 8 票 17 % ### さむずでぃーびー 26 票 55 % ########### サムネイル.デジベル
4 票 8 % # さむずでーびー 2 票 4 % スンムブス 1 票 2 % さんぶすどっとでぃーびー 1 票 2 %
えぬしーきゅー 15 票 83 % ################ にくきゅー 3 票 16 % ###
あいいーいーいーいちさんきゅーよん 16 票 21 % #### あいとりぷるいーいちさんきゅーよん
55 票 75 % ############### ファイアワイアー 2 票 2 %
あいえいちしーあい 11 票 61 % ############ えーえいちしーあい 7 票 38 % #######
だぶりゅーえむぶい 15 票 62 % ############ うむヴ 4 票 16 % ### だぶるえむぶい 5 票 20 % ####
でぃむ 32 票 100 % ####################
れふぁれんす 6 票 8 % # りふぁれんす 61 票 89 % ################# れふぇれんす 1 票 1 %
どりーむうぃーばー 41 票 80 % ################ どりーむうぇーばー 10 票 19 % ###
おーぷんげう 10 票 50 % ########## おーぷんじう 1 票 5 % # おーぷんじーいーゆー 9 票 45 % #########
きゃろる ず 8 票 47 % ######### きゃろるす 7 票 41 % ######## からーず 0 票 0 % 保清 0 票 0 % かろるず 1 票 5 % # かるおるず 1 票 5 % #
じかんそく 22 票 64 % ############ じかんあし 12 票 35 % #######
あさす 7 票 10 % ## あすーす 33 票 50 % ########## あざーす 2 票 3 % えーさす 18 票 27 % ##### あーざす 0 票 0 % えいすーす 6 票 9 % #
いど 2 票 3 % あいでぃー 56 票 96 % ###################
ころんころん 33 票 89 % ################# Paamayim Nekudotayim 3 票 8 % # すこーぷかいけつえんざんし 1 票 2 %
いこーるちるだ 22 票 75 % ############### にありーいこーる 1 票 3 % いこーるにょろ 6 票 20 % #### いこちる 0 票 0 %
わわ 1 票 2 % いこーる 5 票 11 % ## いこーるいこーる 38 票 86 % #################
アイリード 4 票 25 % ##### イリアッド 5 票 31 % ###### アイリアッド 7 票 43 % ########
さげつ 15 票 68 % ############# ちゃげつ 7 票 31 % ###### ちゃつき 0 票 0 %
あいえふこんふぃぐ 42 票 55 % ########### いふこんふぃぐ 34 票 44 % ########
げっつ 51 票 71 % ############## げっとえす 20 票 28 % ##### げっとす 0 票 0 % じつはです 0 票 0 %
ぷっつ 51 票 75 % ############### ぷっとえす 17 票 25 % ##### ぷっとす 0 票 0 %
あくる 3 票 8 % # えいしーえる 32 票 91 % ##################
でふん 7 票 16 % ### でふぁん 33 票 78 % ############### でぃふぁん 2 票 4 %
だいなみっくういんど 21 票 75 % ############### だいなみっくわいんど 7 票 25 % #####
アイロンパイソン 22 票 39 % ####### アイアンパイソン 33 票 58 % ########### いろんぱいそん 0 票 0 % あいぱい 1 票 1 % あんぱい 0 票 0 % アイロンピチョン 0 票 0 %
ネマール 9 票 64 % ############ なまら 1 票 7 % # なまーら 0 票 0 % なまーる 0 票 0 % ねめるれ 4 票 28 % #####
おーえすじーあい 13 票 44 % ######## おすぎ 16 票 55 % ###########
ういんどーず 10 票 17 % ### うぃんどうず 43 票 75 % ############### まど 2 票 3 % うぃんどーず 2 票 3 % ういんだむす 0 票 0 %
あっろか 12 票 25 % ##### あろっくえー 16 票 33 % ###### あろっか 14 票 29 % ##### あろけい 2 票 4 % あろか 4 票 8 % #
くわいん 13 票 54 % ########## くゎいん 0 票 0 % きゅーいん 2 票 8 % # きゅういーん 2 票 8 % # くいねぇ 1 票 4 % 野島崎沖 0 票 0 % 由 ＝ よし と読む 0 票 0 % alloca 0 票 0 % くいーん 6 票 25 % ##### きん 0 票 0 %
hash rocket 0 票 0 % fat arrow 1 票 5 % # goes to 3 票 15 % # ## 我侭 0 票 0 % ふんふん 0 票 0 % 右 10 票 52 % ########## より小さいか等しい 2 票 10 % ## やじるし 1 票 5 % # 大なりイコール 2 票 10 % ## いこーるだいなり 0 票 0 %
イーエーアール 8 票 23 % #### イアー 20 票 58 % ########### イヤー 5 票 14 % ## アー 1 票 2 %
ていすう 64 票 87 % ################# じょうすう 9 票 12 % ##
くーだ 26 票 60 % ############ きゅーだ 17 票 39 % ####### 管 0 票 0 %
そか 10 票 71 % ############## うじか 4 票 28 % #####
あーるぴーえむ 59 票 93 % ################## 衝動 2 票 3 % あーぴーえむ 0 票 0 % らうんどぱーみにっつ 2 票 3 %
きぞん 60 票 74 % ############## きそん 20 票 24 % #### 衝動 1 票 1 %
みゅーてっくす 67 票 89 % ################# みゅーてっく 4 票 5 % # むてっくす 2 票 2 % みゅーてくす 2 票 2 %
ぷりえんぷと 22 票 73 % ############## ぷりーんぷと 8 票 26 % #####
まつざかし 30 票 60 % ############ まつさかし 16 票 32 % ###### まつざかいち 2 票 4 % まっさかし 2 票 4 % くだらん 0 票 0 % まっつぁかし 0 票 0 %
せーくぇんす 1 票 1 % しーきゅえんす 0 票 0 % すぇーくえんす 0 票 0 % せけんす 0 票 0 % せくえんす 1 票 1 % せきゅえんす 0 票 0 % しーぃいくうぇんす 1 票 1 % しーくえんす 30 票 34 % ###### しーけんす 43 票 49 % ######### すぇーくうぇんす 0 票 0 % すぇーきゅえんす 0 票 0 % すぇーけんす 0 票 0 % しーくうぇんす 7 票 8 % # すぃーくぇんす 2 票 2 % しーくぇんす 2 票 2 %
こうちきほう 39 票 95 % ################### あとおききほう 1 票 2 % ぎゃくポ 1 票 2 %
だぶりゅーえむすとれーじ 4 票 23 % #### だぶりゅーえむごとれーじ 10 票 58 % ########### だぶりゅーえむふぁいう゛すとれーじ
3 票 17 % ###
にゅーぷろっと 4 票 7 % # ぐにゅぷろっと 10 票 18 % ### ぐにゅーぷろっと 36 票 65 % ############# ぐぬーぷろっと 3 票 5 % # ぬーぷろっと 1 票 1 % ぐにゅぷろ 1 票 1 %
はくんぷ 10 票 90 % ################## えいちえーしーえむぴー 1 票 9 % # えいちえーこんぷ 0 票 0 %
えちょ 4 票 4 % えこー 83 票 92 % ################## えくほー 2 票 2 % < b>えーちょ 1 票 1 %
ちょうふく 77 票 81 % ################ じゅうふく 17 票 18 % ###
いんたーふぇいす 38 票 41 % ######## いんたーふぇーす 41 票 44 % ######## いんたふぇいす 5 票 5 % # いんたふぇーす 8 票 8 % #
どむ 68 票 94 % ################## でぃーおーえむ 3 票 4 % だむ 1 票 1 %
ばりゅー 70 票 81 % ################ ばるー 1 票 1 % ヴァリュー 15 票 17 % ###
ジス 10 票 12 % ## ディス 70 票 86 % ################# ズィス 1 票 1 % ðィス 0 票 0 %
えすきゅーえる 89 票 92 % ################## しーくる 1 票 1 % しーくぇる 6 票 6 % # しこー 0 票 0 % しーこー 0 票 0 %
くーりえ・にゅー 32 票 78 % ############### かりあー・にゅー 5 票 12 % ## こりあー・にゅー 2 票 4 % こうりえらー・にゅー 1 票 2 % こぅりあぁーにゅー 1 票 2 %
ふぇどら 56 票 72 % ############## ふぃどーら 6 票 7 % # ふぇどーら 11 票 14 % ## ふぃーどら 4 票 5 % # ふぇーどら 0 票 0 %
えすあーるえふあい 24 票 68 % ############# さーふぃ 8 票 22 % #### さーふぃー 2 票 5 % # せるふぃ 1 票 2 %
くれいすり 10 票 41 % ######## くらいすり 6 票 25 % ##### くれいすりー 4 票 16 % ### くらいすりー 2 票 8 % # くらいしゅり 1 票 4 % くらいする 1 票 4 %
ぴーしーあーるいー 29 票 78 % ############### ぴーくれ 5 票 13 % ## ぴくる 0 票 0 % ぷくれ 3 票 8 % #
ぜんちきほう 55 票 94 % ################## まえおききほう 2 票 3 % ポ 1 票 1 %
ちゅうちきほう 43 票 95 % ################### なかおききほう 2 票 4 %
まめ 35 票 53 % ########## めいむ 28 票 43 % ######## えむえーえむいー 2 票 3 % えんどうさん 0 票 0 %
きょうだる 28 票 52 % ########## きょうたる 25 票 47 % ######### 早千代 0 票 0 %
ふなばきっちょう 11 票 15 % ### せんばきっちょう 56 票 80 % ################ たべのこしくっちゃう 3 票 4 %
いれこ 79 票 100 % #################### いれし 0 票 0 % いれす 0 票 0 % いれね 0 票 0 % いれねず 0 票 0 % いれねずみ 0 票 0 % 袋小路 0 票 0 %
しぶやどっとじぇーえす 20 票 35 % ####### しぶやじぇーえす 33 票 57 % ########### しぶやじぇいえす 4 票 7 % #
えすえすえるいーえいわい 8 票 36 % ####### えすえすりー 7 票 31 % ###### えすえすれりー 3 票 13 % ## えすえすれい 4 票 18 % ###
うんぬ 69 票 81 % ################ だぶりゅーえぬえぬ 9 票 10 % ## うぬぬ 1 票 1 % うんん 2 票 2 % wuーえぬえぬ 1 票 1 % うぃーん 0 票 0 % うーん 1 票 1 % ワタシノナマエハナカノデス 2 票 2 %
とぅいったー 31 票 25 % ##### とぅうぃったー 13 票 10 % ## ついったー 74 票 60 % ############ つうぃったー 2 票 1 % とぅいたー 0 票 0 % とぅいらー 1 票 0 % とぅうぃたー 1 票 0 % ヒウィッヒヒー 0 票 0 % ばかったー 1 票 0 %
えくせのん 2 票 1 % くせのん 1 票 0 % じーおん 76 票 58 % ########### せいおん 1 票 0 % ぜおん 25 票 19 % ### ぜのん 9 票 6 % # しぇのん 0 票 0 % きせのん 6 票 4 % しぇおん 0 票 0 % きせおん 1 票 0 % じおん 4 票 3 % ずぃおん 1 票 0 % ずぃーおん 4 票 3 % ぐぜおん 0 票 0 % ぐぜのん 0 票 0 %
らー 96 票 72 % ############## あーるえーあーる 29 票 21 % #### らる 6 票 4 % らーってｗ 1 票 0 %
さた 56 票 41 % ######## えすあた 23 票 17 % ### えすえーてぃーえー 19 票 14 % ## しりあるえーてぃーえー 30 票 22 % #### しりあるあた 4 票 2 % しりあた 2 票 1 % せいた 1 票 0 %
ぱた 36 票 37 % ####### ぴーあた 7 票 7 % # ぴーえーてぃーえー 12 票 12 % ## ぱられるえーてぃーえー 34 票 35 % ####### ぱられるあた 5 票 5 % # えーてぃーえー 2 票 2 %
あんじゅた 33 票 75 % ############### あにゅーた 9 票 20 % #### あんにゅた 0 票 0 % あんじゅーた 2 票 4 %
ぽ 42 票 70 % ############## ぴーおー 17 票 28 % ##### ぽう 1 票 1 %
じーさんぶ 13 票 24 % #### ぐさむ 5 票 9 % # じーさむ 32 票 60 % ############ ぐとぅんぶ 2 票 3 % じーとぅんぶ 1 票 1 %
しなぷてぃっく 66 票 94 % ################## しんあぷてぃっく 2 票 2 % すぃなぷてぃっく 2 票 2 %
アスフ 22 票 31 % ###### えーえすえふ 48 票 68 % #############
ふらぶ 7 票 7 % # ふるぶ 6 票 6 % # えふえるぶい 80 票 82 % ################ ふらび 1 票 1 % フラッシュビデオ 3 票 3 %
たーびずつー 15 票 18 % ### たーびーぜっとつー 46 票 56 % ########### たーびーぜっとに 3 票 3 % たーぼーる 2 票 2 % たーどっとびーずぃーつー 2 票 2 % たーびーずぃーつー 6 票 7 % # たるぶずに 0 票 0 % たーぶずつー 2 票 2 % たーどっとびーぜっとつー 3 票 3 % たーびーじーつー 1 票 1 % たーびーずぃっぷつー 2 票 2 %
のぴっくす 20 票 19 % ### くのーぴくす 54 票 52 % ########## くのっぴ 2 票 1 % くのっぴくす 8 票 7 % # くのぴくす 5 票 4 % けのぴくす 1 票 0 % くのぴっくす 10 票 9 % # くのーぴっくす 2 票 1 % くのぴ 0 票 0 % くのおっぴくす 0 票 0 % キノピックス 1 票 0 %
あんのう ん 107 票 97 % ################### あんのん 3 票 2 %
もうたくとう 82 票 88 % ################# けざわひがし 4 票 4 % けだくさん 1 票 1 % まおつぉーとん 6 票 6 % # まおつぇーとん 0 票 0 %
ぬる 117 票 86 % ################# なる 18 票 13 % ## ぬるぽ 1 票 0 % がっ 0 票 0 %
えるぴーだいれくとすりーでぃーでばいすないん 35 票 55 % ########### えるぴーだいれくとさんでぃーでばいすきゅう
4 票 6 % # えるぴーだいれくとすりーでぃーでばいすきゅう
22 票 34 % ###### えるぴーだいれくとさんでぃーでばいすないん
2 票 3 %
えっくすたる 11 票 17 % ### えくすたる 11 票 17 % ### くりすたる 39 票 60 % ############ えっくすてぃーえーえる 2 票 3 % 占い 0 票 0 % いくすたる 0 票 0 % ぺけたる 1 票 1 %
よべてっきょう 16 票 38 % ####### あまるべてっきょう 26 票 61 % ############
えるえいちえー 85 票 69 % ############# えるは 8 票 6 % # ら 5 票 4 % るは 2 票 1 % らー 20 票 16 % ### るはあ 1 票 0 % らは 1 票 0 %
うぶらす 12 票 38 % ####### ゆーぶらす 19 票 61 % ############
我侭 0 票 0 % すくゎら る 7 票 17 % ### すくわーる 2 票 5 % # すくいりる 4 票 10 % ## りす 0 票 0 % すくぃーる 5 票 12 % ## すくいれる 14 票 35 % ####### すくわれる 4 票 10 % ## すくゐれる 1 票 2 % すきゅうういるれる 0 票 0 % すくうぃれる 0 票 0 % すくぃーれる 0 票 0 % すきぃれる 0 票 0 % すくわーれる 1 票 2 % どんぐり 1 票 2 %
ぴーしーえむしーあいえい 55 票 100 % ####################
げーえむべーはー 14 票 48 % ######### がんぶふ 2 票 6 % # じーえむびーえっち 13 票 44 % ########
ちだがや 4 票 5 % # せんだがや 67 票 94 % ##################
くま 25 票 43 % ######## おじさん 1 票 1 % ひさま 8 票 13 % ## きゅうま 24 票 41 % ########
そはん 10 票 13 % ## くみはん 57 票 76 % ############### くみばん 6 票 8 % # そばん 2 票 2 %
リストラ 2 票 1 % リストア 83 票 79 % ############### レストア 19 票 18 % # ## レストール 0 票 0 % レストアー 0 票 0 % レストワァ 0 票 0 % リストール 1 票 0 % リストレ 0 票 0 % レストレ 0 票 0 %
なむろっ く 119 票 88 % ################# なんばーろっく 7 票 5 % # にゅーめりっくろっく 3 票 2 % にゅーめかにかるろっく 0 票 0 % ぬめりあるろっく 1 票 0 % ぬむろっく 1 票 0 % にゅーむろっく 2 票 1 % ねむらっヵ 0 票 0 % のむるーく 0 票 0 % なんろっく 2 票 1 %
いんとうきん 6 票 8 % # ひきあてきん 64 票 87 % ################# いんとうがね 0 票 0 % ひきとうきん 3 票 4 % いんとうこん 0 票 0 % ひきあてがね 0 票 0 %
さい て( TT ) 0 票 0 % さい こ( ^o^ ) / 62 票 92 % ################## しこ 1 票 1 % ぷさいこ 3 票 4 % ぶさいく 0 票 0 % ぷしこ 1 票 1 %
てぃーじーあいえふ 9 票 10 % ## てぃーぎふ 6 票 6 % # てぃーじふ 73 票 81 % ################ せっけイザン 0 票 0 % とぎふ 1 票 1 % つぎふ 1 票 1 %
いしかげやま 29 票 61 % ############ せっけいざん 18 票 38 % ####### しーじんしゃん 0 票 0 %
ぜべでぃ 9 票 20 % #### ぜべでぃー 24 票 53 % ########## ゼベッディェー 1 票 2 % ぜびでぃー 2 票 4 % ぜべでー 7 票 15 % ### 読めない 2 票 4 % 伴い 0 票 0 %
とぅっぷ る 9 票 11 % ## つぷる 2 票 2 % たぷる 63 票 77 % ############### ちゅーりっぷ 0 票 0 % てゅーぷる 2 票 2 % ちゅっぷる 3 票 3 % ちゅーぷる 2 票 2 % ちゃっぷる 0 票 0 % とぅーぷる 0 票 0 %
うらきん 5 票 5 % # うらがね 92 票 94 % ##################
ぶんかしょう 13 票 12 % ## もんかしょう 85 票 80 % ################ ぶんしなせい 0 票 0 % もんぶかがくしょう 1 票 0 % ごみだめ 7 票 6 % #
ぜろっく す 104 票 96 % ################### えっくすえろえっくす 2 票 1 % さーおっくす 0 票 0 % せろっくす 0 票 0 % えっくすえろっくす 2 票 1 %
いーくりっぷす 4 票 3 % えくりぷす 88 票 68 % ############# えくらいぷす 1 票 0 % いくりすぷ 4 票 3 % いくりぷす 32 票 24 % ####
あじゃっくす 42 票 33 % ###### あやっくす 11 票 8 % # エイジャックス 60 票 48 % ######### えーじゃっくす 11 票 8 % #
おっぴ 5 票 12 % ## おぱい 8 票 19 % ### おーぴーあいいー 4 票 9 % # おぴえ 5 票 12 % ## おーぴー 10 票 24 % #### おぴい 7 票 17 % # ## おーぱい 2 票 4 % おぱーい 0 票 0 % おぴぇ 0 票 0 %
だぶこっと 32 票 45 % ######### どべこっと 14 票 19 % ### どぶこっと 8 票 11 % ## どーぶこっと 7 票 9 % # でゅーぶこっと 0 票 0 % どぅーぶこっと 0 票 0 % だぶかっと 4 票 5 % # でゅびこっつぇ 1 票 1 % しゅびどぅびどぅ 1 票 1 % ろっくんろーる 0 票 0 % どぅーざべすと 0 票 0 % でぶこっと 0 票 0 % とうかおそい 0 票 0 % どぶねずみ 2 票 2 % どでかっと 1 票 1 % だぶこーと 1 票 1 %
けいんすう 2 票 1 % かりひきす う 101票 90 % ################## かりいんすう 9 票 8 % # かいんすう 0 票 0 % かびきすう 0 票 0 %
しーさーふ 3 票 5 % # しーえすあーるえふ 41 票 78 % ############### くろすさいとりくえすとふぉーじぇり
7 票 13 % ## しするふ 1 票 1 % しゃすルふ 0 票 0 %
えばる 46 票 36 % ####### いばる 3 票 2 % いーばる 75 票 59 % ########### えばーる 2 票 1 % いう゛ぁる 1 票 0 %
ふぃる 3 票 7 % # ふぇる 11 票 26 % ##### ふぇー 3 票 7 % # ふぇあ 2 票 4 % ふぁー 23 票 54 % ##########
わいる 35 票 23 % #### ほわいる 109 票 72 % ############## ふぁぃる 4 票 2 % ホイール 2 票 1 %
なぎおす 39 票 62 % ############ なじおす 17 票 27 % ##### ねいじあす 2 票 3 % ねじょうす 0 票 0 % ねぎおーえす 1 票 1 % ねじおす 1 票 1 % ねいじおす 2 票 3 %
でぃーらっく 22 票 52 % ########## どらっく 17 票 40 % ######## でぃーあーるえーしー 3 票 7 % #
あた 52 票 42 % ######## えーてぃーえー 70 票 57 % ###########
こんとろーるおるとでる 39 票 30 % ###### しーてぃーあーるえるおるとでる
1 票 0 % こんとろーるおるとでりーと 56 票 44 % ######## しーてぃーあーるえるあるとでる 1 票 0 % ことろるあるとでる 3 票 2 % こんとろあるとでる 1 票 0 % おるこんでりーと 0 票 0 % こんとろーるあるとでりーと 12 票 9 % # こんとろーるあるとでる 12 票 9 % # しゅうりょお〜 2 票 1 %
りあいぴーえる 4 票 11 % ## れいぷる 26 票 74 % ############## りーぷる 4 票 11 % ## らいぷる 1 票 2 %
しみゅれいと 77 票 95 % ################### しゅみれいと 2 票 2 % しみゅれーと 2 票 2 %
うぃんあんぷ 83 票 94 % ################## うぃなんぷ 4 票 4 % うぃんなんぷ 1 票 1 %
びふぁんじ 20 票 44 % ######## べふぁんじ 3 票 6 % # べふんげ 12 票 26 % ##### びふぁんげ 2 票 4 % びーふぁんぐ 7 票 15 % ### べふぁんげ 1 票 2 %
でぶらうん 4 票 12 % ## どぶろい 3 票 9 % # でぶるーいん 6 票 19 % ### でぶるーじん 8 票 25 % ##### で・ぶるじん 2 票 6 % # どぶらうん 2 票 6 % # だぶらい 0 票 0 % どぶるーいん 2 票 6 % # どぶらいん 1 票 3 % で・ぶるいじん 3 票 9 % # だぶりーん 0 票 0 %
びっくり 64 票 50 % ########## ばん 3 票 2 % おったまげーしょん 3 票 2 % のっと 3 票 2 % えくすくらめーしょんまーく 31 票 24 % #### かんたんふ 3 票 2 % びっくりまーく 16 票 12 % ## あまだれ 3 票 2 %
リンクリスト 6 票 6 % # りんくとりすと 29 票 32 % ###### りんくどりすと 52 票 58 % ########### れんけつりすと 1 票 1 % いんくどぅりすと 1 票 1 %
するーりょく 66 票 68 % ############# するーか 24 票 24 % #### するーちから 4 票 4 % するーぢから 2 票 2 % しるか 1 票 1 %
れっく 6 票 6 % # れっくす 74 票 85 % ################# れふ 1 票 1 % れくす 6 票 6 % # れきさ 0 票 0 %
ねっとすけーぷ 100 票 81 % ################ ねすけ 19 票 15 % ### もじら 2 票 1 % ねつすけいぺ 1 票 0 % ねっとすけいぷ 1 票 0 %
っっぽえ 3 票 2 % zyokusou 1 票 0 % ぷっぷっぷー 1 票 0 % ぴーぴーぴーおーい ー 108 票 89 % ################# ぷぷぷおえ 3 票 2 % ぴぴぽえ 0 票 0 % ピーピーピーオーバーイーサー 4 票 3 % すりーぴーおーぴー 0 票 0 % ぽっぽい 1 票 0 %
々 1 票 1 % くろーず 20 票 32 % ###### くろーすぃず 23 票 37 % ####### くろーずぃず 15 票 24 % #### くろせす 1 票 1 % くろすぃず 2 票 3 %
じーでぃーびー 79 票 84 % ################ がでべ 0 票 0 % げーでーべー 2 票 2 % じーでーびー 11 票 11 % ## ぐにゅでばっが 1 票 1 %
うらる 4 票 3 % ゆーあーるえる 126 票 95 % ################### うぁーる 1 票 0 % うるる 1 票 0 % ゆーらる 0 票 0 %
じーみゅーにゅー 28 票 90 % ################## げみゅにゅー 1 票 3 % 計量 2 票 6 % # めとりっく 0 票 0 %
いー 99 票 90 % ################## しぜんたいすうのてい 3 票 2 % ねぴあすう 1 票 0 % ねいぴあすう 4 票 3 % しぜんたいすうのいー 2 票 1 %
げっとかわーど 11 票 16 % ### げっとしーだぶるでぃー 42 票 62 % ############ げっとこうど 3 票 4 % げっとしーだぶりゅーでぃー 10 票 14 % ## げっとかれんとわーくでぃれくとりー
1 票 1 %
フック 93 票 86 % ################# ホック 13 票 12 % ## フーク 1 票 0 %
びぶてふえむえる 29 票 52 % ########## びぶてっくすえむえる 16 票 29 % ##### びぶてっくえむえる 4 票 7 % # びぶてっくしめる 1 票 1 % びぶてえっくすえむえる 4 票 7 % # びぶてくすえむえる 1 票 1 %
てぃーしーしぇる 60 票 63 % ############ てぃっしゅ 6 票 6 % # てぃーしーえすえっち 7 票 7 % # てぃーしーえすえいち 13 票 13 % ## てぃーしーしぇ 2 票 2 % てぃーしぇる 2 票 2 % てぃーくしゅ 1 票 1 % てぃーしーしゅ 2 票 2 % てぃーくっしゅ 1 票 1 %
しーしぇる 77 票 74 % ############## しーえすえっち 6 票 5 % # しーえすえいち 12 票 11 % ## しーしぇ 2 票 1 % しーしゅ 6 票 5 % # くっしゅ 1 票 0 %
えっくすえむけーえむえふ 44 票 72 % ############## えっくすめくえむえふ 3 票 4 % えっくすめくめふ 1 票 1 % えっくすめいくえむえふ 7 票 11 % ## えっくすめいくめいくふぁいる
6 票 9 % #
ぺ 10 票 14 % ## ぴーいー 56 票 80 % ################ よんさま 2 票 2 % ぺるなんぶーこ 1 票 1 % ぷれぜんてーしょんえらー 1 票 1 %
とらひっく 4 票 3 % とらふぃっく 113 票 95 % ################### とらっふぃっく 1 票 0 % くだらん 0 票 0 %
きゅーえみゅ 66 票 77 % ############### けむ 8 票 9 % # くぇみゅ 3 票 3 % くえむ 3 票 3 % けみゅ 2 票 2 % きゅーむ 1 票 1 % きゅーいーえむゆー 2 票 2 %
れーき 3 票 3 % れいく 75 票 93 % ################## れーく 2 票 2 %
きゅーうぃき 13 票 22 % #### くぃっく 19 票 32 % ###### くぅぃっく 12 票 20 % #### くっぃく 1 票 1 % くいっく 0 票 0 % くぅぃーく 3 票 5 % # くうぃく 5 票 8 % # きゅーわいいーけー 1 票 1 % きゅーわいけー 0 票 0 % きゅーうぃく 5 票 8 % #
ぶーりあ ん 129 票 79 % ############### ぶーりーん 15 票 9 % # ぼーれあん 2 票 1 % ぶーれあん 5 票 3 % ぶーりぇん 1 票 0 % ぶーれーん 2 票 1 % ぶーらん 3 票 1 % バーレーン 1 票 0 % ぶーらーん 2 票 1 % ぶーりゃん 2 票 1 %
きゅーと 17 票 14 % ## きゅーてぃ ー 101票 85 % #################
えーあいじーえるえっくす 34 票 73 % ############## あいぐるくす 5 票 10 % ## えいぐる 3 票 6 % # あいぐるえっくす 4 票 8 % #
えらーの 28 票 21 % #### えらーな 1 票 0 % えらーなんばー 74 票 56 % ########### いーあーるあーるえぬおー 2 票 1 % えらーのー 16 票 12 % ## えるるの 0 票 0 % えるの 5 票 3 % えらーえぬおー 2 票 1 % あーの 2 票 1 %
いんのーでーびー 19 票 24 % #### いのーでーびー 19 票 24 % #### あいのーでーびー 1 票 1 % あいえぬえぬおーでーびー 0 票 0 % いんのでぃーびー 23 票 29 % ##### いんのでーびー 4 票 5 % # いのでぃーびー 12 票 15 % ###
うぶんつ 83 票 62 % ############ うぶんとぅ 38 票 28 % ##### ゆばんとぅー 2 票 1 % あばんつ 2 票 1 % うぶんちゅ 7 票 5 % # あばんちゅ 0 票 0 %
ろけーる 122 票 83 % ################ ろかーる 17 票 11 % ## ろきゃーる 3 票 2 % ろーけいる 4 票 2 %
どじゃ 14 票 17 % ### どぅーじゃ 27 票 33 % ###### どーじゃ 35 票 43 % ######## どーは 1 票 1 % どぅじゃ 0 票 0 % どーや 3 票 3 %
えーえるゆーてぃー 18 票 51 % ########## あーるっと 11 票 31 % ###### あると 6 票 17 % ###
はえっくすえむえ る 12 票 30 % ###### はっくすえむえる 19 票 47 % ######### はぁえっくすえむえる 2 票 5 % # えっちえーえっくすえむえる 6 票 15 % # ## はくしめる 1 票 2 % はくすむる 0 票 0 %
みんなのぱいそん 61 票 91 % ################## みんぱい 6 票 8 % # みんなん おっぱい すお 0 票 0 %
ゆせーじ 20 票 11 % ## うさげ 26 票 15 % ### ゆーせっじ 20 票 11 % ## ゆーせじ 1 票 0 % うせーじ 1 票 0 % ゆーぜーじ 23 票 13 % ## ゆーせーじ 73 票 42 % ######## うさぎ 0 票 0 % ゆさーじ 1 票 0 % ゆーしっじ 3 票 1 % ゆせっじ 1 票 0 % ゆーずえいじ 2 票 1 % ゆーさーじ 0 票 0 %
まつもとゆきひろ 4 票 4 % さかぐちひろのぶ 0 票 0 % ひげ 84 票 88 % ################# はいじ 6 票 6 % # はまむらつうしん 1 票 1 %
すとらうすとらっ ぷ 6 票 6 % # はげ 85 票 90 % ################## おれ 3 票 3 % まっくのおやかた 0 票 0 %
でふこん 75 票 100 % ####################
やっく 109 票 90 % ################## わいえーしーしー 10 票 8 % # やく 1 票 0 %
おとこ 135 票 87 % ################# かん 16 票 10 % ## はん 1 票 0 % をとこ 2 票 1 % とも 1 票 0 %
みすく 139 票 96 % ################### みせれいにあす 4 票 2 % みずく 1 票 0 %
つきみざと 52 票 61 % ############ つきみさと 19 票 22 % #### らいとみさと 0 票 0 % つきみり 0 票 0 % げっけんり 1 票 1 % やまなし 12 票 14 % ##
ばいおす 180 票 96 % ################### びおす 1 票 0 % べーしっくいんふぉめーしょんおぺれーてぃんぐしすてむ
2 票 1 % びおーえす 0 票 0 % べーしっくいんぷっとあうとぷっとしすてむ
2 票 1 % べーしっくあいおーしすてむ 1 票 0 %
すふぃなえ 49 票 84 % ################ すにふぁえ 2 票 3 % すふぁいなえ 4 票 6 % # えすえふあいえぬえーいー 3 票 5 % # すふぃんなえ 0 票 0 %
わがまま 132 票 97 % ################### がじん 2 票 1 % たかじん 1 票 0 %
つむぐく 0 票 0 % わおーん 0 票 0 % てぃーえむじーしー 58 票 98 % ################### とぅむぐく 1 票 1 %
とえいく 12 票 6 % # といっく 34 票 19 % ### とえいっく 19 票 10 % ## とーいっく 112 票 62 % ############ とぅーいっく 1 票 0 %
とえふる 37 票 20 % #### とーふる 87 票 48 % ######### とっふる 12 票 6 % # といふる 13 票 7 % # とふる 31 票 17 % ###
近似値 2 票 1 % いこーる だいたい 3 票 1 % さーか ( circa ) 0 票 0 % にありー いこーる 135 票 82 % ################ 近似 0 票 0 % だいたい いこーる 7 票 4 % ニアイコール 8 票 4 % ほとんどいっしょ 0 票 0 % ほくろいこーる 1 票 0 % いこーるてんてん 1 票 0 % おーるもすといこーる 1 票 0 % は だいたい 2 票 1 % だいたいあってる 0 票 0 % ほぼいこーる 2 票 1 % にありぃー いぃくぅぇ る 1 票 0 %
えむいーえむえむおーヴぃーいー 0 票 0 % めむむーヴ 105 票 66 % ############# めもりーむーヴ 4 票 2 % めむむーぶ 43 票 27 % ##### めんもうふ 1 票 0 % めもりむーヴ 2 票 1 % めんむーヴ 2 票 1 %
えむいーえむしーぴーわい 1 票 0 % めむしーぴーわい 12 票 6 % # めもりーこぴー 6 票 3 % めむこぴー 152 票 85 % ################# めんくぴー 3 票 1 % めもりこぴー 2 票 1 % めんこぴー 1 票 0 %
やむる 89 票 80 % ################ わいえーえむえる 15 票 13 % ## やみる 2 票 1 % やーむる 5 票 4 %
いーえっくすいー 7 票 3 % えくせく 2 票 0 % えくぜ 52 票 24 % #### いぐじ 1 票 0 % えぐぜ 140 票 66 % ############# ういるす 1 票 0 % いぐぜ 3 票 1 % いぐず 1 票 0 % えくせ 3 票 1 %
へっだー 110 票 58 % ########### へっだ 75 票 40 % ######## へだー 1 票 0 % へだ 0 票 0 % ひいだあ 0 票 0 % へーだー 1 票 0 %
いーえるえふへっだ 25 票 18 % ### えるふへっだ 91 票 68 % ############# いーえるえふへっだー 11 票 8 % # えるふへっだー 6 票 4 %
デバグ 12 票 6 % # デバッグ 185 票 92 % ################## でぃばぐ 0 票 0 % でぃばっぐ 1 票 0 % デブグ 2 票 1 %
ラインドール 0 票 0 % ラインダール 38 票 50 % ########## リジンダエル 13 票 17 % # ## エーイーエス 2 票 2 % リンデール 6 票 7 % # ラインデール 6 票 7 % # りんだーえる 3 票 3 % リーンデール 3 票 3 % リンダエル 3 票 3 % らいじんだーる 2 票 2 % りゅんだえる 0 票 0 % れぢぇんだぁる 0 票 0 % らいぢぇんだーる 0 票 0 % れじぇんだぁる 0 票 0 % らじんだあへる 0 票 0 %
やるぶ 34 票 38 % ####### やーぶ 45 票 51 % ########## わいえーあーるぶい 5 票 5 % # やるふ 3 票 3 % ヤーヴ 1 票 1 %
びずに 5 票 3 % びーぜっとつー 78 票 55 % ########### びずつー 17 票 12 % ## びーずつー 2 票 1 % びーぜっとに 11 票 7 % # びーじーに 2 票 1 % びーじーつー 12 票 8 % # びーずぃーつー 11 票 7 % # びーじっぷつー 2 票 1 %
えくますくりぷと 68 票 45 % ######### いーしーえむえーすくりぷと 79 票 53 % ########## いーくますくりぷと 1 票 0 % いくますくりぷと 1 票 0 %
だぶぶれぶ 22 票 28 % ##### だいなみっくあぶれーぶ 1 票 1 % でぃーあぶれぶ 10 票 12 % ## だぶれぶ 41 票 52 % ########## だっぶれぶ 3 票 3 % だぶぶれふ 1 票 1 %
いーりす ぷ 122 票 89 % ################# いーまっくすりすぷ 4 票 2 % えりすぷ 11 票 8 % #
まいむ 142票 79 % ############### みね 1 票 0 % えむあいえむいー 8 票 4 % まいん 8 票 4 % みめ 16 票 8 % # みみー 1 票 0 % まいめ 2 票 1 % みーむ 0 票 0 %
イーエックスピー 57 票 33 % ###### エクスポーネンシャル 21 票 12 % ## エクスペリエンス 0 票 0 % エクスポーネント 2 票 1 % えくすぷ 49 票 28 % ##### エクスピー 15 票 8 % # えくすぷれっしょん 1 票 0 % えくすぴ 3 票 1 % けいけんち 11 票 6 % # えくすぽ 4 票 2 % エクスポート 2 票 1 % えくすぽねんしゃる 4 票 2 % いくすぽねんしゃる 0 票 0 % いえくすぷ 0 票 0 % いえくすぴ 0 票 0 %
どっとしーおー どっとじぇいぴ ー 61 票 31 % ###### どっとしーおー じぇいぴー 15 票 7 % # どっとこじぇぴ 3 票 1 % どっとこ どっとじぇぴ 1 票 0 % てんこてんじぇーぴー 3 票 1 % こじぇーぴー 17 票 8 % # しーおーじぇーぴー 76 票 39 % ####### こじゃぱん 1 票 0 % どっこどっじゃぷ 0 票 0 % こじゅぷ 1 票 0 % こじゃっぷ 2 票 1 % こーじぇーぴー 9 票 4 % どっとしーおーてんじぇーぴー 1 票 0 % どっとこどっとじぇーぴー 1 票 0 % しーおーどっとじぇいぴー 1 票 0 % てんしーおーてんじぇーぴー 1 票 0 %
どっとえぬいー どっとじぇぃぴ ー 55 票 30 % ###### どっとえぬいー じぇいぴー 18 票 9 % # どっとねじぇぴ 3 票 1 % どっとね どっとじぇぴ 0 票 0 % ねじぇいぴー 19 票 10 % ## えぬいーじぇいぴー 80 票 43 % ######## どっとねーじぇーぴー 3 票 1 % ねじゃっぷ 1 票 0 % どっとえぬいーてんじぇーぴー 1 票 0 % どっとね じぇいぴー 1 票 0 % えぬいーどっとじぇいぴー 1 票 0 %
もどりち 125 票 53 % ########## かえりち 87 票 37 % ####### へんち 3 票 1 % りたーんこーど 2 票 0 % りたーん されるあたいのこと 10 票 4 % これをかえします 1 票 0 % へんれいち 1 票 0 % りたーんばりゅー 3 票 1 % へんきゃくち 1 票 0 % でもどり 0 票 0 % りたーんち 1 票 0 %
すきゅーと 4 票 2 % えすきゅーあーるてぃー 51 票 26 % ##### えすくぉーと 5 票 2 % すくえあるーと 48 票 24 % #### すかーと 8 票 4 % すくぉーと 16 票 8 % # すくぁと 10 票 5 % # すくーと 2 票 1 % すきゅあーるてぃー 1 票 0 % すくると 16 票 8 % # すくうぇあるーと 24 票 12 % ## すくぁーと 8 票 4 % へいほうこん 0 票 0 % えすきゅーるーと 1 票 0 % えすきゅーあと 1 票 0 %
えっくすお あ 157 票 76 % ############### エクスクルーシヴオア 16 票 7 % # ぞあ 4 票 1 % はいたてきろんりわ 2 票 0 % くそあ 3 票 1 % えくすくるぶーしおあ 0 票 0 % えくすおあ 10 票 4 % えっくすおーあー 1 票 0 % いくすおあ 2 票 0 % えっくすわ 1 票 0 % えくぞあ 1 票 0 % イクスクルーシブオア 1 票 0 % えっくすおーあーる 6 票 2 % えくすくるおあ 0 票 0 % えぐおあ 1 票 0 % ぞー 1 票 0 %
びそん 10 票 6 % # ばいそん 144票 90 % ################## びぞん 1 票 0 % びじょん 4 票 2 %
おーびーじぇー 6 票 3 % おぶじぇ 157 票 80 % ################ おぶじぇくと 30 票 15 % ### おぶじゅ 2 票 1 % おぶじ 1 票 0 %
きゃっと 189 票 91 % ################## ねこ 4 票 1 % しーえーてぃー 1 票 0 % ふぁいるのなかみ 1 票 0 % かっと 12 票 5 % #
えぬこんく 82 票 95 % ################### ぬこっく 0 票 0 % ぬこんく 4 票 4 %
う゛ぁーあーぎゅ 19 票 17 % ### う゛ぁーあーぐ 65 票 58 % ########### ヴぁらーぐ 6 票 5 % # う゛ぁーおーぐ 3 票 2 % ヴぁーあーぐ 6 票 5 % # う゛ぁるあーぐ 2 票 1 % ばーあるぐ 5 票 4 % う゛ぁらーじ 5 票 4 % ばーあーぐ 0 票 0 %
えぬす 108 票 93 % ################## えぬばんめ 3 票 2 % あるばんめ 0 票 0 % なんばんめか 2 票 1 % んす 2 票 1 % あぬす 0 票 0 %
コンキュレント 8 票 5 % # コンカーレント 3 票 1 % コンクレント 1 票 0 % コンカレント 138 票 91 % ################## コンカラント 1 票 0 % コンクラント 0 票 0 % コンカーラント 0 票 0 % コンキュラント 0 票 0 %
ふぉるどあーる 58 票 50 % ########## ふぉるどる 5 票 4 % ほるどあーる 0 票 0 % ほるどる 0 票 0 % ふぉーるどあーる 33 票 28 % ##### ふぉるだー 16 票 13 % ## ふぉるどら 2 票 1 % ふぉるでぃーあーる 1 票 0 %
ふぉるどえる 58 票 56 % ########### ふぉるどる 10 票 9 % # ほるどえる 0 票 0 % ほるどる 0 票 0 % ふぉーるどえる 30 票 29 % ##### ふぉるどれ 3 票 2 % ふぉるでぃーえる 1 票 0 %
ふぁんく 173 票 99 % ################### ふんく 1 票 0 % ふぁ×く 0 票 0 %
カリー 134 票 87 % ################# キュリー 6 票 3 % カレー 5 票 3 % キュレー 0 票 0 % カリー|キュリー 2 票 1 % キャリー 7 票 4 %
tan ( a ) sin(n ) 2 票 2 % tan a･sin n 0 票 0 % たなしん 89 票 95 % ################### たんえーさいんえぬ 1 票 1 % たんじぇんとあーくさいん 1 票 1 % たにしげ 0 票 0 %
オオプス 34 票 20 % #### ウープス 86 票 52 % ########## ウップス 32 票 19 % # ## オオップス 2 票 1 % オップス 5 票 3 % オーオーピーエス 2 票 1 % ウプス 2 票 1 %
オオク 40 票 47 % ######### ウーク 32 票 37 % ####### ウック 1 票 1 % オーク 6 票 7 % # おーおーけー 3 票 3 % オック 2 票 2 % おうく 1 票 1 %
ケウェ 1 票 0 % きゅー 137 票 83 % ################ キュー 20 票 12 % ## くえうえ 6 票 3 % きゅーえうえ 0 票 0 %
ケ 13 票 9 % # きゅー 110 票 80 % ################ くー 9 票 6 % # くえ 1 票 0 % く 4 票 2 %
きゅえ 3 票 2 % きゅー 120 票 89 % ################# くえ 9 票 6 % # きゅう 1 票 0 % くー 1 票 0 %
エックス 139 票 90 % ################## エッキス 0 票 0 % エクス 0 票 0 % ぺけ 9 票 5 % # かける 0 票 0 % ばつ 1 票 0 % ハー 1 票 0 % くす 2 票 1 % テン 0 票 0 % キシ 0 票 0 % キー 0 票 0 % カイ 2 票 1 % ちゅっ 0 票 0 % らヴ 0 票 0 % ゼクス 0 票 0 % じゅう 0 票 0 % クロス 0 票 0 % ダメ 0 票 0 % バイ 0 票 0 % ばってん 0 票 0 %
だいなりイコール 130 票 87 % ################# だいなり 0 票 0 % ≧ 8 票 5 % # いじょう 10 票 6 % # しょうなりイコール 0 票 0 %
うぃにふぐ‐しーえふじー 2 票 1 % うぃんあいぴーこんふぃぐ 86 票 74 % ############## うぃにぴーしーふぐ 1 票 0 % うぃんあいぴーしーえふじー 23 票 20 % #### うぃにぴーしーえふじー 3 票 2 %
まっつ 100 票 95 % ################### まつ 2 票 1 % まづ 1 票 0 % まっつず 1 票 0 % まっづ 1 票 0 %
リードミ ー 159 票 91 % ################## レードミー 1 票 0 % レンドミー 0 票 0 % れあどめ 3 票 1 % 嫁 4 票 2 % りーどめ 3 票 1 % わたしをよんで 2 票 1 % れあどみー 0 票 0 % レジメ 2 票 1 %
えでぃた ー 131 票 77 % ############### えでぃとー 1 票 0 % えでた 2 票 1 % えでぃた 32 票 18 % ### EDィタ 1 票 0 % えでぃとぁ 2 票 1 %
ゆーえすえ ー 137 票 90 % ################## うさ 13 票 8 % # うーぇすえー 1 票 0 % ゆーさ 1 票 0 % あすぁ 0 票 0 % せかいのがん 0 票 0 %
ちゃー 121 票 58 % ########### きゃらくた 8 票 3 % ちゃぁ 1 票 0 % しゃあ 2 票 0 % きゃら 72 票 34 % ###### ちぇあ 1 票 0 % きゃあー 2 票 0 % ちゃら 1 票 0 % きゃる 0 票 0 %
あんし 100 票 54 % ########## あんじ 12 票 6 % # えーえぬえすあい 3 票 1 % あんしー 59 票 31 % ###### あんじー 9 票 4 % あんさい 2 票 1 % あんざい 0 票 0 %
ゆに 100 票 76 % ############### うに 30 票 23 % ####
ゆにこー ど 157 票 89 % ################# うにこーど 18 票 10 % ##
アイキャン 64 票 78 % ############### イカンン 2 票 2 % イッカン 1 票 1 % いかん 1 票 1 % あいかん 14 票 17 % ###
きゅーぶい 45 票 100 % ####################
らいとてぃーぴーでぃー 42 票 57 % ########### らいえいちてぃーてぃーぴーでぃー 1 票 1 % らいととぷど 2 票 2 % らいとえいちてぃーてぃーぴーでぃー
16 票 21 % #### らいてぃー 6 票 8 % # らいてぃーてぃーぴーでぃー 4 票 5 % # リグエイチティーティーピーディー 2 票 2 % らいてぃーなんだってば！ 0 票 0 %
あいいー 107 票 81 % ################ いどえすと 5 票 3 % ざっといず 4 票 3 % あい・いー 7 票 5 % # すなはち 5 票 3 % いえ 1 票 0 % つまり 2 票 1 %
こんふぁー 17 票 15 % ### さんしょう 5 票 4 % しーえふ 83 票 76 % ############### かんふぁー 4 票 3 %
わわわ 3 票 1 % わーるどわいどうぇぶ 25 票 14 % ## だぶりゅーだぶりゅーだぶりゅー 88 票 50 % ########## だぶだぶだぶ 36 票 20 % #### だぶるだぶるだぶる 10 票 5 % # とりぷるだぶりゅー 2 票 1 % すりーだぶりゅー 0 票 0 % さんだぶ 0 票 0 % だぶるきゅーぶ 1 票 0 % wuーwuーwuー 1 票 0 % だだだ 1 票 0 % さかげ 1 票 0 % だぼだぼだぼ 1 票 0 % わらわらわら 3 票 1 % 草草草 1 票 0 %
すたっと 132 票 97 % ################### すてーと 2 票 1 % しゅたっと 2 票 1 % えすてぃーえーてぃー 0 票 0 %
えむでぃーふぁい ぶ 117 票 78 % ############### えむでぃーご 32 票 21 % #### むどふぁいぶ 0 票 0 %
ばっしゅ 152 票 98 % ################### ばし 0 票 0 % びーえーしぇる 2 票 1 %
おーぷんぷね 5 票 5 % # おーぷんぴーえぬいー 55 票 61 % ############ おぺんぷね 0 票 0 % おーぷんぴーね 29 票 32 % ###### おーぷんぺね 1 票 1 %
じーえるゆーてぃー 32 票 32 % ###### ぐらっと 28 票 28 % ##### ぐるっと 38 票 38 % ####### ぐると 1 票 1 %
ゼアス 2 票 4 % ざーせす 2 票 4 % ざーす 32 票 74 % ############## ざーしす 6 票 13 % ## ぜるせす 1 票 2 % ごわす 0 票 0 % ぐわす 0 票 0 %
スウ 38 票 28 % ##### かず 94 票 71 % ##############
あちーぶ 1 票 0 % あーかいぶ 163 票 98 % ################### あーちぶ 1 票 0 % あーちべ 1 票 0 % あるひーふ 0 票 0 %
あーきー 62 票 67 % ############# あーちー 30 票 32 % ######
いんといんといんとかんすう 4 票 3 % いんとからいんとからいんと 19 票 18 % ### いにっといにっといにっと 1 票 0 % いんとからいんとからいんとへ 1 票 0 % いんといんといんと 69 票 66 % ############# いんとくっていんとくっていんと 1 票 0 % いんといんとからいんと 1 票 0 % いんととぅいんととぅいんと 6 票 5 % # いんとさんかい 1 票 0 % いんとやじるしいんとやじるしいんと 1 票 0 %
へんち 14 票 8 % # かえりち 145 票 88 % ################# かえりね 2 票 1 % 返値 2 票 1 % 戻り値 1 票 0 %
どらむ 18 票 13 % ## どらむすこ 2 票 1 % でぃーあーるえむ 113 票 83 % ################ デジタル著作権管理 2 票 1 % やくたたず 1 票 0 %
あーるえむえ す 111 票 94 % ################## りむーばぶるますすとれーじ 0 票 0 % りちゃーどすとーるまん 1 票 0 % らむす 3 票 2 % そんし 1 票 0 % じっこうち 2 票 1 %
ぬびでぃあ 34 票 19 % ### えぬびでぃあ 126 票 72 % ############## んびでぃあ 11 票 6 % # えぬでぃあ 1 票 0 % えんびでぃあ 2 票 1 %
えいちてぃーえむえ る 165 票 95 % ################### ほとみる 0 票 0 % はいぱーてきすとまーくあっぷらんげーじ
3 票 1 % へてむる 3 票 1 % ふとむる 1 票 0 % はとまる 0 票 0 % えいちてぃーむる 0 票 0 % ひとむる 0 票 0 %
えいさす 52 票 29 % ##### あさす 35 票 20 % #### あすーす 53 票 30 % ###### あすす 13 票 7 % # えーさす 14 票 8 % # あいさす 1 票 0 % あざす 0 票 0 % おーさす 1 票 0 % あーざす 0 票 0 % えいすーす 5 票 2 %
うぇーぶ 93 票 49 % ######### わぶ 38 票 20 % #### うぇぶ 54 票 28 % ##### うぇいゔ 3 票 1 % うぇいぶ 1 票 0 % うぇゔ 0 票 0 %
いた 157 票 96 % ################### ばん 6 票 3 % はん 0 票 0 % ぱん 0 票 0 %
おっぐ 129 票 70 % ############## おーじーじー 31 票 16 % ### おぐぐ 4 票 2 % おっじ 7 票 3 % おぐ 12 票 6 % #
もぶ 96 票 49 % ######### 123 1票 0 % えむおーぶい 15 票 7 % # むーぶ 66 票 34 % ###### むぶ 16 票 8 % #
あすむ 110 票 60 % ############ あせむ 31 票 16 % # ## あせんぶらー 9 票 4 % あしむ 2 票 1 % あせん 3 票 1 % えーえすえむ 27 票 14 % ## あせんぶり 1 票 0 %
あーるびーえーしー 30 票 35 % ####### あーるばっく 38 票 45 % ######### るばっく 14 票 16 % ### ろーるべーすどあくせすこんとろーる
1 票 1 % あーばっく 1 票 1 %
さいず 49 票 53 % ########## しず 32 票 35 % ####### すぃず 6 票 6 % # しぜ 2 票 2 % せぃず 1 票 1 % しっつ 1 票 1 % IEnumerable 0 票 0 %
いにしゃらいずべくたー 0 票 0 % あいぶい 67 票 69 % ############# いにしゃらいずどべくたー 0 票 0 % いにしゃるべくた 9 票 9 % # いう゛ 15 票 15 % ### よん 5 票 5 % #
しくぷ 25 票 23 % #### えすあいしーぴー 57 票 53 % ########## しすぷ 10 票 9 % # うぃざーどぶっく 0 票 0 % むらさきのほん 0 票 0 % しくぴー 12 票 11 % ## まじゅつしぼん 0 票 0 % さいくぷ 2 票 1 % すぃくぷ 0 票 0 %
くする 5 票 4 % えっくすゆーえる 57 票 50 % ########## ずーる 49 票 43 % ######## ざる 2 票 1 %
へいぶん 52 票 26 % ##### ひらぶん 142票 72 % ############## ひらぶみ 0 票 0 % ひらあや 1 票 0 % ひょうもん 0 票 0 %
らいぷえむでぃーいちろくれー 20 票 35 % ####### りぺえむでぃーいちろくれー 0 票 0 % らいぷえむでぃーひゃくろくじゅう 24 票 42 % ######## りぺむどいちろくまる 5 票 8 % # リペムド‐ワンハンドレッドシックスティー
0 票 0 % リペムド‐ワンシックスゼロ 0 票 0 % リペムド‐ワンシックスティー 1 票 1 % りぺむどーひゃくろくじゅう 5 票 8 % # らいぷえむでぃーいちろくまる 2 票 3 %
りーむえむでぃ 3 票 7 % # りめんど 10 票 26 % ##### らいむえむでぃー 25 票 65 % #############
えすしゅ 5 票 2 % えすえすえい ち 149 票 85 % ################# せきゅあーしぇる 7 票 4 % すしゅ 3 票 1 % しーっ 0 票 0 % えすえすえっち 7 票 4 % えすしぇる 2 票 1 % えっしゅ 1 票 0 % しゅっしゅっ 0 票 0 % すとらっつすぷりんぐはいばーねいと 1 票 0 % しぇるせきゆ 0 票 0 %
う゛ぁるぐらいんど 25 票 28 % ##### う゛ぁるぐりんど 63 票 71 % ##############
げっこー 139 票 72 % ############## げっこ 46 票 23 % #### げこ 5 票 2 % やもり 1 票 0 % げこー 1 票 0 %
たましょくはげ 22 票 25 % ##### とうもろこし 59 票 67 % ############# 玉蜀黍 5 票 5 % # おうしょくぎ 1 票 1 %
だいらん 26 票 24 % #### でぃらん 82 票 75 % ###############
いんすう 18 票 8 % # ひきすう 199 票 91 % ##################
しーろす 22 票 19 % ### くろす 84 票 75 % ############### しーえるおーえす 6 票 5 % # こもんりすぷおぶじぇくとしすてむ
0 票 0 %
あーらん 49 票 43 % ######## えるらんぐ 22 票 19 % ### あーらんぐ 33 票 29 % ##### いーあーるらんぐ 3 票 2 % えあらんぐ 5 票 4 % おーらんが 0 票 0 % おーらんぐ 1 票 0 %
値 7 票 3 % ち 8 票 4 % あたい 185 票 92 % ################## ね 0 票 0 %
ことりゆう 16 票 13 % ## こちょうゆう 3 票 2 % たかなし 97 票 83 % ################
ゆーえすび ー 190 票 95 % ################### うるとらすーぱーべんり 2 票 1 % うさびー 0 票 0 % うるせえ さけもってこい ばかやろう 2 票 1 % うーえすべー 2 票 1 % うるどすくるどべるだんでぃー 1 票 0 % うるとら すーぱー ばか 0 票 0 % ゆにばーさる すたじお ばちかん 0 票 0 % ゆーえずびー 0 票 0 % ゆにばーさるすたじお ばばあ 0 票 0 % うすべぇ 0 票 0 % うさいんぼると 2 票 1 %
じゃっくすぱろう 3 票 1 % じゃばすくりぷと 22 票 13 % ## じぇーえ す 101票 60 % ############ じぇいえす 30 票 17 % ### じぇす 2 票 1 % じゃゔぁすく 2 票 1 % じす 4 票 2 % 女子小学生 4 票 2 %
まいおつひめ 47 票 37 % ####### まいおとひめ 26 票 20 % #### まいおとめ 40 票 32 % ###### まいひめおつ 6 票 4 % ぶいつハイム 1 票 0 % まいおつ 2 票 1 % まいひめ 3 票 2 % ぜーたまいひめ 0 票 0 %
にほんひきこもりきょうかい 24 票 12 % ## にほんほうそうきょうかい 2 票 1 % えぬえいちけい 121票 64 % ############ にほんほうちきょうかい 1 票 0 % にんじゃはっとりくん 1 票 0 % えねーちけー 26 票 13 % ## えねいちけえ 1 票 0 % みくの 1 票 0 % 日本発条株式会社 2 票 1 % にほんひみつけっしゃ 3 票 1 % なんだかへんなこくえいほうそう
0 票 0 % にほんはんだこうぎょう 0 票 0 % えぬえっちけー 7 票 3 % なんかへんなかいしゃ 0 票 0 %
うえをむいてあるこ う 9 票 7 % # スキヤキ 119 票 92 % ##################
もうだめぽ 5 票 3 % ソフトバンク 128 票 82 % ################ 〓 9 票 5 % # 禿�筺� 13 票 8 % # そば 1 票 0 %
みゅーたぶる 121票 84 % ################ むーたぶる 5 票 3 % みゅーてーぶる 17 票 11 % ##
のま 23 票 20 % #### くま 4 票 3 % おなじ 42 票 36 % ####### おどりじ 14 票 12 % ## どう 11 票 9 % # くりかえし 16 票 14 % ## ななめくち 0 票 0 % どうのじてん 3 票 2 % nyu 1 票 0 %
うぃい 12 票 7 % # うぃー 146票 90 % ################## わいー 1 票 0 % うぃあい 1 票 0 % ううぃい 1 票 0 % うぃる 0 票 0 %
ひゅーじ 129 票 80 % ################ ふげ 21 票 13 % ## ひゅーぐ 3 票 1 % はぐ 2 票 1 % ひゅーじゅ 5 票 3 % ふゅーじ 0 票 0 %
ほげ 180 票 97 % ################### ほーじ 4 票 2 %
かい 17 票 18 % ### しーえいちあい 35 票 38 % ####### しーはい 1 票 1 % ち 32 票 35 % ####### しーえっちあい 5 票 5 % # しかご 1 票 1 % しーえいちえる 0 票 0 %
くりえいと 83 票 56 % ########### くれあと 7 票 4 % くりーと 48 票 32 % ###### くりあと 5 票 3 % くりぇーと 2 票 1 % くりぇえーと 1 票 0 % くれーと 1 票 0 % くりえっと 1 票 0 %
れんくす 23 票 12 % ## れんぐす 157票 86 % ################# れんぐくぁｗせｄｒｆｔｇｙふじこｌｐ；＠：「 」
2 票 1 % れんじ 0 票 0 %
めもいず 71 票 61 % ############ めもあいず 21 票 18 % # ## めもいせ 1 票 0 % めもわいず 13 票 11 % ## めもいぜ 4 票 3 % めむわいず 1 票 0 % めもわーず 2 票 1 % めもらいず 1 票 0 % めまいず 1 票 0 %
じぇんとぅー 78 票 54 % ########## げんとぅー 39 票 27 % ##### じぇんと 1 票 0 % じぇんつー 23 票 16 % # ## げんとー 2 票 1 % ぜんとぅー 0 票 0 % ぜんとぅっー 0 票 0 % ぜんとう 0 票 0 % じぇんとぉう 0 票 0 %
ちるーと 13 票 7 % # しーえっちるーと 42 票 24 % #### ちぇるーと 10 票 5 % # くると 2 票 1 % ちろーと 0 票 0 % ちぇんじるーと 67 票 39 % ####### ちゅるーと 4 票 2 % くろーと 3 票 1 % ちぇいんじるーと 5 票 2 % くるーと 8 票 4 % しーえいちるーと 13 票 7 % # きぁぉーと 0 票 0 % ちえるーと 1 票 0 % ちょるーと 1 票 0 %
でぃくと 101 票 100 % ####################
えすえいちえーわん 58 票 42 % ######## しゃーわん 43 票 31 % ###### しゃーいち 11 票 8 % # しゃ-わん 5 票 3 % えすえいちえーいち 11 票 8 % # しゃ・いち 6 票 4 % しゃー 1 票 0 %
せど 72 票 48 % ######### せっど 71 票 47 % ######### えすいーでぃー 6 票 4 % しーど 0 票 0 %
じゃすらく 17 票 8 % # JASRAC 0 票 0 % じゃすらっく 129 票 66 % ############# 詐欺師集団 25 票 12 % ## かすらっく 23 票 11 % ## ちょさくけんごろ 1 票 0 %
でう゛ぬ る 130 票 80 % ################ すらでう゛すらぬる 8 票 4 % すらでう゛ぬる 4 票 2 % でう゛なる 12 票 7 % # でう゛すぬる 1 票 0 % スラッシュ‐デヴ‐スラッシュ‐ヌル 4 票 2 % ぽあ 1 票 0 % でぶぬる 1 票 0 %
でっく 48 票 29 % ##### できー 1 票 0 % できゅー 106 票 64 % ############ でくー 2 票 1 % でく 5 票 3 % できぇ 1 票 0 % deque 1 票 0 % っっっっっっっっっっっっっっっっっっっｋ
0 票 0 %
ねっとあとーく 20 票 18 % ### ねたとーく 84 票 77 % ############### ねっとえーとーく 4 票 3 %
かーすぃず 65 票 58 % ########### かーしす 20 票 17 % # ## かーじす 3 票 2 % くるせす 1 票 0 % かーせす 9 票 8 % # かーじず 5 票 4 % きゃーせす 1 票 0 % かーせず 6 票 5 % # かーしず 1 票 0 % くるーせす 1 票 0 % かーぜず 0 票 0 %
すらど 67 票 40 % ######## すらっしゅどっと 94 票 56 % ########### すらぽつ 5 票 2 % いたとん 1 票 0 % スラドット 0 票 0 %
どっとおるぐ 82 票 46 % ######### どっとおらぐ 1 票 0 % どっとおーぐ 54 票 30 % ###### どっとおーあーるじー 23 票 13 % ## おーぐ 5 票 2 % どっとおるず 0 票 0 % おるぐ 9 票 5 % # どっとおーが 2 票 1 %
でぃーどす 124 票 77 % ############### でぃーでぃーおーえす 29 票 18 % ### どどす 6 票 3 %
いーえっくすあいむ 5 票 5 % # いぐじむ 35 票 38 % ####### いぐずぃむ 5 票 5 % # えくしむ 41 票 45 % ######### えぐいむ 1 票 1 % えくじむ 3 票 3 %
どっとえいちたくせす 5 票 3 % どっとえいちてぃーあくせす 129 票 84 % ################ どっとはたっせす 2 票 1 % どっとえいちてぃーえーしーしーいーえすえす
4 票 2 % ドット‐ヒタッツェッス 0 票 0 % ひたせすぞく 2 票 1 % どっとふたくせす 0 票 0 % どっとはたあくせす 1 票 0 % えいちてぃーあくせす 9 票 5 % # どっとふたせす 1 票 0 %
くろん 100 票 58 % ########### くーろん 50 票 29 % ##### しーあーるおん 2 票 1 % こまんどらんおん 1 票 0 % くろーん 13 票 7 % # ころん 2 票 1 % しーろん 2 票 1 % すろん 0 票 0 %
ぐか 0 票 0 % じーしーえー 134 票 100 % ####################
てぃーあーるあーる 53 票 64 % ############ てぃらら 2 票 2 % とぅるる 23 票 28 % ##### とぅるぁー 4 票 4 %
ゆーてぃ る 146 票 97 % ################### うてぃる 2 票 1 % ゆてぃる 1 票 0 %
う゛いえむりぬず 55 票 56 % ########### う゛いえむりなず 38 票 39 % ####### ヴェムリヌゥズ 4 票 4 % ヴいえむりぬず 0 票 0 %
わいゆーえむ 17 票 11 % ## ゆむ 51 票 35 % ####### やむ 73 票 51 % ########## ゆむ|やむ 2 票 1 %
えっくすえーえむえる 47 票 43 % ######## ざめる 2 票 1 % ざむる 54 票 49 % ######### えくざむる 3 票 2 % しゃみる 1 票 0 % しゃむる 2 票 1 % ざみる 0 票 0 %
あぷと 134 票 89 % ################# えーぴーてぃー 16 票 10 % ##
あうと 16 票 14 % ## えーだぶりゅてぃー 83 票 74 % ############## おうと 8 票 7 % # あうぅと 1 票 0 % おーと 4 票 3 %
えーぶいあ い 135 票 76 % ############### あび 42 票 23 % ####
とーといずえすう゛いえぬ 44 票 37 % ####### とーたすえすう゛いえぬ 55 票 47 % ######### とーるとわいすえすぶいえぬ 3 票 2 % とろといぜセヴン 3 票 2 % とーたすさぶん 3 票 2 % とーといすえすぶいえぬ 4 票 3 % たーといずえすぶいえぬ 4 票 3 % とーたすさばん 1 票 0 % かめ 0 票 0 %
ぱてぃ 53 票 30 % ###### ぷてぃー 46 票 26 % ##### ぷってぃー 54 票 31 % ###### ぱりぃ 1 票 0 % ぴゅてぃー 1 票 0 % pu 0 票 0 % ぷてぃーてぃーわい 1 票 0 % ぴーゆーてぃーてぃーわい 6 票 3 % ぷってぃーてぃーわい 2 票 1 % ぱってぃー 5 票 2 % ぷち 1 票 0 % ぷてぃ 1 票 0 % パチプー 1 票 0 %
ぴーつーぴー 128 票 68 % ############# ぴあとぅーぴあ 29 票 15 % ### ぴーとぅーぴー 16 票 8 % # ぴあつーぴあ 13 票 6 % #
すどー 76 票 44 % ######## すーどぅー 45 票 26 % ##### しゅどぅー 1 票 0 % すどぅー 21 票 12 % ## えすゆーどぅ 18 票 10 % ## すーど 2 票 1 % すどぅ 2 票 1 % すーどー 2 票 1 % 元気 0 票 0 % すど 2 票 1 % 須藤 3 票 1 %
ぱすだぶるでぃー 11 票 5 % # ぱすわど 55 票 29 % ##### ぱすだぶりゅでぃー 9 票 4 % ぱすうどぅ 5 票 2 % ぱすうっど 2 票 1 % ぱすわーど 100 票 53 % ########## ぱすーど 2 票 1 % ぷすわーど 0 票 0 % ぱすうど 3 票 1 %
じゃう゛ぁしー 93 票 51 % ########## じゃばっく 67 票 37 % ####### じゃばしー 20 票 11 % ## じゃばこ 0 票 0 % ヤヴァック 1 票 0 %
びん 179 票 95 % ################### ばいん 3 票 1 % ばいなり 6 票 3 %
えとせ 109 票 57 % ########### えとせとら 39 票 20 % #### いーてぃーしー 36 票 18 % # ## えっちぇっとら 1 票 0 % えとく 4 票 2 % など 0 票 0 % えとす 1 票 0 %
すらでう゛ 66 票 41 % ######## でう゛ 81 票 50 % ########## スラッシュ‐デヴ 6 票 3 % でばいす 2 票 1 % るーとでゔ 2 票 1 % でぶ 3 票 1 %
てんぷ 172票 98 % ################### てぃむぽ 0 票 0 % てんぽ 2 票 1 %
ゆーざー 139 票 79 % ############### ゆざー 2 票 1 % うざー 4 票 2 % ゆーえすあーる 22 票 12 % ## うすら 1 票 0 % ゆずる 2 票 1 % ゆーざ 5 票 2 %
すら 72 票 41 % ######## すらっしゅ 93 票 53 % ########## わる 1 票 0 % 略 0 票 0 % ( 略 ) 1 票 0 % るーと 6 票 3 %
ぽすとぐれすきゅーえる 46 票 28 % ##### ぽすとぐれえすきゅーえる 81 票 50 % ########## ぽすとぐれす 10 票 6 % # ぽすとぐれしーくぇる 4 票 2 % ぽすぐれ 13 票 8 % # ぽすとぐれ えすきゅーあーる 1 票 0 % ぽすぐれえすきゅーえる 2 票 1 % ぽすとぐるえすきゅーえる 3 票 1 % ぽすとぐれすくる 1 票 0 %
いーおーえふ 136 票 71 % ############## えんどおぶふぁいる 46 票 24 % #### えおふ 8 票 4 % えんどうふろはいる 0 票 0 % いおふ 0 票 0 %
なっとー 6 票 3 % なとー 148 票 94 % ################## ねいとー 3 票 1 % なとお 0 票 0 %
エックスブイアイディー 52 票 38 % ####### エックスビド 39 票 28 % ##### エックスバイド 2 票 1 % キシビッド 3 票 2 % クソビド 1 票 0 % エックスヴィッド 12 票 8 % # エックスビドゥ 6 票 4 % エックスヴィド 16 票 11 % ## クロスヴィッド 3 票 2 % エックスビッド 2 票 1 %
でぃぶえっく す 148票 77 % ############### でぃべっくす 18 票 9 % # でぃびっくす 5 票 2 % だいぶえっくす 10 票 5 % # でぃぶぺけ 1 票 0 % でぃぶくす 1 票 0 % でぃーあいぶいえっくす 9 票 4 %
はいぱーえすとれいあ 48 票 53 % ########## はいばーえすとれいやー 34 票 37 % ####### はいぱーいーすとらいあー 5 票 5 % # はいぱーえすてりあ 2 票 2 % はいぱー・えすとれいえる 1 票 1 %
えーたんつー 63 票 44 % ######## あーくたんじぇんと 7 票 4 % あたんに 4 票 2 % あーくたんじぇんとつー 22 票 15 % ### あたんつー 25 票 17 % ### あーくたんじぇんとに 9 票 6 % # えーたんに 7 票 4 % あたんてぅー 1 票 0 % あたんとぅー 3 票 2 % あとあんに 0 票 0 % あーたんつー 2 票 1 %
てんてん 2 票 0 % セミコロ ン 197票 97 % ################### ちょんちょん 1 票 0 % カンマ 2 票 0 % てんにちょん 0 票 0 %
おーず 47 票 18 % ### おるず 89 票 35 % ####### おぅず 2 票 0 % がーん 0 票 0 % おーあーるぜっと 42 票 16 % ### おるつ 33 票 13 % ## おあず 12 票 4 % おろず 4 票 1 % れいはい 0 票 0 % ガックシ 6 票 2 % おつ 2 票 0 % がくり 3 票 1 % おーあーるずぃー 3 票 1 % おーあーるじー 1 票 0 % 失意体前屈 2 票 0 % 土下座 2 票 0 % さいきふのう 0 票 0 %
ぎゃくちょん 0 票 0 % ばっくくぉー と 141票 85 % ################# ちょん 12 票 7 % # しんぐるくぉーていと 2 票 1 % もなーのひだりめのやつ 3 票 1 % かしくぉーと 1 票 0 % quasi - quote 0 票 0 % 疑似クオート 0 票 0 % ばっくすらっしゅ 2 票 1 % くぉーと 0 票 0 % くおーとじゃないほう 0 票 0 % ぎゃくくおーと 1 票 0 % ばっくくぉーてーしょん 1 票 0 % しんぐるくぉーと 1 票 0 % しんぐるくぉーてーしょん 1 票 0 %
あんだーば ー 157 票 65 % ############# あんだーすこあ 67 票 28 % ##### かせん 1 票 0 % あんすこ 10 票 4 % _ 0 票 0 % あんだばー 1 票 0 % 安駄婆 2 票 0 % なかせん 1 票 0 % あんだば 0 票 0 %
えむけーでぃーあいあーる 42 票 16 % ### めいくでぃれくとり 53 票 21 % #### めいくでぃあ 50 票 20 % #### えむけーでぃあー 56 票 22 % #### めくでぃる 5 票 2 % めいくでぃる 11 票 4 % めいくでぃーあいあーる 11 票 4 % えむけーでぃれ 1 票 0 % めいくでぃれ 7 票 2 % えむけーだいあー 1 票 0 % えむけーでぃれくとり 3 票 1 % めいくだー 3 票 1 % えむけーでぃら 1 票 0 % めけでぃーあーる 0 票 0 % えむけーでぃーあーる 0 票 0 % めくだいら 1 票 0 % えむけーでぃる 1 票 0 % えむけーだー 3 票 1 % むくでぃる 0 票 0 %
ばっくすらっしゅえぬ 51 票 21 % #### えんえぬ 117票 50 % ########## かいぎょう 30 票 12 % ## エスケープシーケンス 4 票 1 % らいんふぃーど 1 票 0 % ばくすらえぬ 8 票 3 % えんまーくえぬ 3 票 1 % いぇんえぬ 5 票 2 % ばっくすらえぬ 10 票 4 %
4票 1 %
えんまーく 55 票 23 % #### えん 95 票 40 % ######## ばっくすらっしゅ 60 票 25 % ##### いぇん 12 票 5 % # えんさいん 3 票 1 % ぎゃくすら 1 票 0 % ごきぶり 0 票 0 % ばっくすら 2 票 0 % フォルダ追加 0 票 0 % ばくすら 3 票 1 % \ 3 票 1 % るーと 0 票 0 %
えるぜっとえすえす 90 票 83 % ################ えるじーえすえす 15 票 13 % ## レンペルジフストラーシマンスキー
1 票 0 % えるぜす 2 票 1 %
えるじーだぶりゅー 19 票 13 % ## えるぜっとだぶりゅー 120票 84 % ################ レンペルジフウェルチ 2 票 1 % えるぢーだぶりゅ 1 票 0 %
もど 43 票 17 % ### もっど 189 票 78 % ############### もでゅーろ 3 票 1 % モッドゥ 1 票 0 % もーど 0 票 0 % もでゅれいと 0 票 0 % もじゅろ 4 票 1 %
あいえにゅめらぶる 59 票 32 % ###### あいいなめらぶる 23 票 12 % ## あいいーにゅめらぶる 57 票 31 % ###### あいいにゅーまらぶる 4 票 2 % あいえにゅめらぼー 1 票 0 % あいいにゅまれいぶる 3 票 1 % あいいーぬまーらぶる 0 票 0 % あいいーぬめらぶる 9 票 5 % # あえぬめれーぶる 1 票 0 % いぬゅめれーぶる 1 票 0 % あいえなめらぶる 6 票 3 % あいえにゅむらぶる 1 票 0 % あいいにゅーめらぼー 1 票 0 % あいいにゅーめらぶる 4 票 2 % あいいぬめらぶる 1 票 0 % あいえぬめらぶる 2 票 1 % あいえにゅめれぶる 0 票 0 % あいいーなむれーべる 0 票 0 % あいいーなむれいぶる 2 票 1 % あいえにゅまれーぶる 1 票 0 % あいいーなむらぶる 1 票 0 % あいいにゅめらぶる 1 票 0 % あいいーなんばーえいぶる 1 票 0 % あいいなみゅらぶる 1 票 0 %
らいど 16 票 7 % # れいど 211票 92 % ##################
あいぴーぶいろ く 155 票 68 % ############# あいぴーぶいしっくす 69 票 30 % ###### あっぴっぶいろく 0 票 0 % あいぴーばーじょんしっくす 3 票 1 %
くだー 97 票 55 % ########### しーでぃーあーる 78 票 44 % ######## きゃどる 1 票 0 %
しーでぃーえ ふ 101 票 93 % ################## くでふ 2 票 1 % くだふ 3 票 2 % くどぅふ 2 票 1 %
かー 167 票 94 % ################## しーえーあーる 9 票 5 % # さあ 0 票 0 %
こーるしーしー 123 票 91 % ################## こーるくく 1 票 0 % かるしーしー 4 票 2 % きゃーるしーしー 2 票 1 % かるっくく 1 票 0 % きゃろっく 2 票 1 % こーるうぃずかれんとこんてぃにゅえーしょん
0 票 0 % かるくっく 1 票 0 %
わいふぃ 11 票 4 % わいふぁい 179 票 80 % ################ うぃふぃ 30 票 13 % ## ゐひ 1 票 0 %
僕には読めない 10 票 4 % いーるど 171票 76 % ############### いぇーるど 39 票 17 % ### いぇるど 5 票 2 % 微妙 0 票 0 %
れいざーえふえす 86 票 61 % ############ らいざーえふえす 51 票 36 % ####### らいざーふぁいるしすてむ 3 票 2 % れいさーえふえす 0 票 0 % 妻殺し 0 票 0 %
いーえっくすてぃーすりー 47 票 28 % ##### いくすとすりー 10 票 6 % # えくすとすりー 75 票 45 % ######### えくすとさん 18 票 10 % ## いーえっくすてぃーさん 10 票 6 % # えくすとらすりー 1 票 0 % えくすてんでぃっどすりー 3 票 1 % えくすてぃーすりー 1 票 0 % サードエクステンデッド 1 票 0 %
みぢ 3 票 1 % みでぃ 227票 98 % ################### えむあいでぃーあい 1 票 0 %
ふぁっきゅー 42 票 16 % ### えふえーきゅー 150 票 58 % ########### ふぇいく 6 票 2 % ふぁーくぅー 3 票 1 % ふぁっく 43 票 16 % ### ふぁく 9 票 3 % えふえいきゅー 3 票 1 % ふぁっくす 0 票 0 % えふあんどきゅー 2 票 0 %
えむえすしーぶぁー 90 票 84 % ################ まいくろそふとこんぱいらばーじょん 1 票 0 % えむえすしーばー 6 票 5 % # えむえすしーばーじょん 3 票 2 % えむえすしーべー 1 票 0 % みすく、ぶあ 2 票 1 % えむえすしーぶいいーあーる 3 票 2 %
あいそ 29 票 11 % ## いそ 80 票 31 % ###### あいえすおー 148票 57 % ###########
ゆろんぐろんぐ 6 票 3 % ゆーろんぐろんぐ 136 票 87 % ################# うろんぐろんぐ 11 票 7 % # あんさいんどろんぐろんぐ 3 票 1 % おれんじれんじ 0 票 0 % うろんろん 0 票 0 %
えすだぶりゅーえ ふ 158 票 81 % ################ すうぃふ 10 票 5 % # すわっふ 9 票 4 % すわふ 11 票 5 % # しょっくうぇいゔふぁいる 1 票 0 % しょっくうぇいう゛ふらっしゅ 2 票 1 % すわーるえふ 1 票 0 % すwuふ 1 票 0 %
あどべ 17 票 7 % # あぼーぶ 1 票 0 % あどび 214 票 90 % ################## あどうぶ 4 票 1 % えーどぅーびー 0 票 0 % あぼべ 0 票 0 %
ぶぁー 40 票 17 % ### ばー 159 票 70 % ############## ぶいえーあーる 0 票 0 % ふぁー 2 票 0 % ばる 3 票 1 % ヴぁりあぶる 2 票 0 % ヴぁー 19 票 8 % # ヴぁる 0 票 0 %
ゆいんとさんにー 15 票 8 % # あんいんとさんにー 0 票 0 % あんさいんどいんとさんにー 0 票 0 % ゆーいにっちさんじゅうに 1 票 0 % ゆーいんとざんに 5 票 2 % ゆーいんとさんじゅうに 110 票 63 % ############ ゆーいんてじゃさんじゅうに 2 票 1 % ゆーいんとさんにー 37 票 21 % #### ういんとすりーつー 1 票 0 % ういんとさんじゅうに 3 票 1 %
すわいふとすりーでぃー 0 票 0 % すうぃふとすりーでぃー 106 票 100 % ####################
じーらいぶしー 11 票 5 % # ぐりぶしー 12 票 6 % # じーりぶし ー 157 票 84 % ################ じーりぶく 2 票 1 % ぐりぶく 3 票 1 % ぎりぶく 0 票 0 % じーらぶしー 1 票 0 %
らでおん 164 票 76 % ############### れいでぃおん 7 票 3 % れでぃおん 11 票 5 % # れいどおん 11 票 5 % # らどえおん 1 票 0 % らでぃおん 20 票 9 % # れいでおん 0 票 0 %
べーむ 42 票 33 % ###### ぼえへむ 17 票 13 % ## ぼうむ 6 票 4 % ぼえーむ 12 票 9 % # ぼえほん 1 票 0 % ぼへむ 20 票 15 % ### ぼーえむ 8 票 6 % # ぼーへむ 7 票 5 % # ぼえむ 12 票 9 % # ぼえふむ 2 票 1 % ぼいむ 0 票 0 % ぼーふむ 0 票 0 %
いげた 13 票 6 % # しゃーぷ 184 票 85 % ################# はっしゅ 7 票 3 % ぽんど 0 票 0 % なんばー 7 票 3 % # 3 票 1 %
えいちれ ふ 148 票 68 % ############# ひあえふ 1 票 0 % ふれふ 15 票 6 % # ふれっふ 4 票 1 % はれふ 17 票 7 % # へれっふ 3 票 1 % えいちあーるいーえふ 11 票 5 % # えいちりふぁ 1 票 0 % えっちれふ 8 票 3 % へれふ 1 票 0 % へいちりふ 0 票 0 % えいちりふ 6 票 2 % ふりふ 0 票 0 %
えいちわんど 17 票 11 % ## ハンドルウィンドウ 10 票 6 % # うぃんどうはんどる 11 票 7 % # えいちうんど 18 票 11 % ## えいちうぃんど 70 票 45 % ######### はうんど 16 票 10 % ## えいちだぶるえぬでぃー 11 票 7 % # はんどるだぶるえぬでぃー 1 票 0 %
いも 7 票 7 % # いむほ 24 票 24 % #### あいえむえいちおー 54 票 54 % ########## いもー 4 票 4 % いんまいはんぶるおぴにおん 7 票 7 % # いんまい…えいちはなんだっけ…おぴにおん
4 票 4 %
らむだ 175 票 93 % ################## らんばだ 6 票 3 % らんぶだ 7 票 3 %
すとららちゃー 26 票 22 % #### すとるるちゃー 6 票 5 % # すとりあーるきゃら 6 票 5 % # すとるあーるちゃー 13 票 11 % ## えすてぃーあーるあーるちゃー 18 票 15 % ### すとらあーるちゃー 17 票 14 % ## えすてぃーあーるあーるしーえいちあーる
9 票 7 % # えすてぃーあーるあーるきゃら 3 票 2 % すたーあーるちゃー 3 票 2 % すとああーるしーえいちあーる
0 票 0 % すとるなんとか 1 票 0 % すとりあーるちゃー 0 票 0 % すとるるくあー 1 票 0 % すたーちゃー 2 票 1 % すとらあーるきゃら 3 票 2 % すとりんぐらいときゃらくたー 2 票 1 % すとりんぐりばーすきゃらくた 0 票 0 % すとりんぐあーるしーえいちあーる 1 票 0 % すとるくる 1 票 0 % すとらるちゃー 1 票 0 % すとりんぐらいとちゃー 1 票 0 % すとああーるちゃー 0 票 0 %
ぐーい 21 票 8 % # じーゆーあ い 148票 60 % ############ ぐい 70 票 28 % ##### ぎゅい 1 票 0 % がい 4 票 1 %
えるだっぷ 120 票 81 % ################ るだっぷ 3 票 2 % えるでぃーえーぴー 20 票 13 % ## えるだぷ 3 票 2 % るどーぷ 1 票 0 %
ちるだ 191 票 85 % ################# にょろ 26 票 11 % ## てぃるだ 4 票 1 % てぃるで 0 票 0 % はけい 0 票 0 % * なし 1 票 0 % ちるだー 1 票 0 % うなぎ 1 票 0 %
えなむ 47 票 18 % ### いにゅーむ 13 票 5 % # いーなむ 117票 45 % ######### いなむ 59 票 23 % #### えにゅむ 16 票 6 % # いーえぬゆーえむ 2 票 0 % えにゅめ 0票 0 % < input type=button value= " えーなむ " >
1 票 0 % えぬむ 0 票 0 %
ちょんちょん 9 票 4 % だぶるくぉーと 107 票 51 % ########## だぶるくぉーてーしょん 83 票 40 % ######## だぶるくぉーて 1 票 0 % にじゅういんようふ 1 票 0 % だぶるくぉーてーしょんまーく 2 票 0 % 読まない 1 票 0 % ( 発音なし ) 1 票 0 % くぉーと 1 票 0 %
すたー 18 票 7 % # こめ 19 票 7 % # あすたりす く 146票 59 % ########### かける 1 票 0 % あすた 41 票 16 % ### あなる 3 票 1 % あすたー 12 票 4 % ほし 2 票 0 % あすたり 1 票 0 % ゆきじるし 1 票 0 % 肛門 1 票 0 % ぴか 1 票 0 %
やま 22 票 11 % ## えくすおあ 4 票 2 % はっと 113 票 58 % ########### へ 3 票 1 % はいはっと 3 票 1 % きゃれっと 21 票 10 % ## うえ 1 票 0 % あっぷあろー 3 票 1 % あくさんしるこんふれくす 3 票 1 % はっとまーく 2 票 1 % べき乗 3 票 1 % かれっと 4 票 2 % さーかむふれっくす 4 票 2 % あっぱーあろー 1 票 0 % ちょん 2 票 1 % べき 2 票 1 % とんがり 1 票 0 % はいたてきろんりわ 0 票 0 % こんとろーる 0 票 0 %
おーきゃむる 66 票 40 % ######## おーきゃめる 15 票 9 % # おきゃむる 26 票 16 % # ## おきゃむり 0 票 0 % おかむる 26 票 16 % # ## おうかむる 9 票 5 % # おーきゃみる 1 票 0 % おっかむる 4 票 2 % おかむら 4 票 2 % おーかむる 8 票 4 % おかんむり 1 票 0 % おきゃむら 0 票 0 % おおかみ 1 票 0 %
あんぱさんど 74 票 30 % ###### あんど 158票 65 % ############# あんぱ 9 票 3 % あんぱさんと 2 票 0 %
どる 115 票 47 % ######### だらー 114票 47 % ######### だる 2 票 0 % だら 9 票 3 % かね 1 票 0 % だらーさいん 1 票 0 %
あっと 127 票 53 % ########## でんでん 2 票 0 % あっとまーく 104 票 43 % ######## なると 3 票 1 % たんか 1 票 0 %
たる 5 票 2 % たー 225 票 94 % ################## てぃーえーあーる 4 票 1 % たーる 3 票 1 %
えーえむでぃー 209 票 84 % ################ あむど 36 票 14 % ## あーまーでー 0 票 0 % えいえむでぃー 0 票 0 % あまど 1 票 0 % えーえむでー 0 票 0 %
はいと 201 票 71 % ############## へいと 79 票 27 % ##### へいぐふと 2 票 0 % はいと|へいと 1 票 0 %
うぃどす 65 票 22 % #### うぃどぅす 101票 34 % ###### うぃず 51 票 17 % ### わいづ 34 票 11 % ## うぃずす 8 票 2 % わいじす 1 票 0 % うぃどぅず 2 票 0 % わいどす 7 票 2 % ワイズ 6 票 2 % うぃっず 8 票 2 % うぃどてぃーえいち 1 票 0 % わいど 1 票 0 % うぃどふ 0 票 0 % わいです 0 票 0 % うぃっす 1 票 0 % わいず 3 票 1 % うぃでぃす 1 票 0 % うぃどっちゅ 1 票 0 %
しゅーど 57 票 33 % ###### すーど 46 票 27 % ##### ぷせうど 28 票 16 % ### ぴーえすゆーど 2 票 1 % ぷしゅーど 12 票 7 % # ぴーせどぅー 3 票 1 % すえど 2 票 1 % ぷせどぅー 7 票 4 % ぴーせうど 3 票 1 % しぇうど 0 票 0 % すーどー 4 票 2 % 手動 1 票 0 % ぷすーど 1 票 0 % しゅどー 1 票 0 % ぴーえすいーゆーどぅー 1 票 0 % しーど 1 票 0 % すーどぅ 1 票 0 % すーどぅー 0 票 0 %
ぴーれいてっく 6 票 2 % ぴーらてふ 124票 60 % ############ ぷらてっくす 12 票 5 % # ぴーらてっく 17 票 8 % # ぴーらてっくす 32 票 15 % ### ぷらてふ 12 票 5 % # ぱらてっくす 0 票 0 % ぴーれーてふ 1 票 0 %
すたんだーどえら ー 119 票 53 % ########## すたどえらー 23 票 10 % ## すてゅでぃえらー 6 票 2 % えすてぃーでぃーえらー 60 票 27 % ##### すとぅどぅえらー 7 票 3 % すとどえらー 5 票 2 % すとだら 1 票 0 % すたんどえらー 1 票 0 %
いーまっく す 199 票 83 % ################ えまっくす 22 票 9 % # いーまきす 1 票 0 % いまーくす 1 票 0 % いーまくす 7 票 2 % えまくす 4 票 1 % いまっくす 4 票 1 % いーえむえーしーえす 1 票 0 % みゅーる 0 票 0 %
ずぃーしぇる 20 票 9 % # ぜっとしぇ る 105 票 51 % ########## ぜっとえすえいち 24 票 11 % ## ずいーえすえっち 4 票 1 % ずぃーしゅ 8 票 3 % ぜっしぇる 1 票 0 % ぜっしゅ 17 票 8 % # ざっしゅ 8 票 3 % ぜーたしぇる 1 票 0 % ぜっとしゅ 11 票 5 % # ぜっとしぇ 1 票 0 % ずっしゅ 4 票 1 % ずーしぇる 0 票 0 %
えいりあす 218 票 92 % ################## あらいあす 3 票 1 % ありあす 13 票 5 % # えりあす 2 票 0 %
あるてぃべっく 93 票 84 % ################ あるてぃべく 6 票 5 % # あるちべっく 8 票 7 % # あるてぃう゛ぇく 1 票 0 % あるちべく 1 票 0 % おるてぃべく 1 票 0 %
すとりすとら 11 票 5 % # すとるすとる 20 票 10 % ## すとらすとら 66 票 35 % ####### すたーすたー 16 票 8 % # すとらすとる 1 票 0 % すとりんぐすとりんぐ 20 票 10 % ## すとりすとり 8 票 4 % えすてぃーあーる 0 票 0 % えすてぃーあーるえすてぃーあーる 39 票 20 % #### すとろすとろ 1 票 0 % すとあすとあ 5 票 2 %
ナル 59 票 25 % ##### ぬる 170 票 74 % ##############
ぷりんとらいん 73 票 32 % ###### ぷりんとるん 21 票 9 % # ぷりんとりん 19 票 8 % # ぷりんとえるえぬ 98 票 43 % ######## ぷりんとらいんにゅー 2 票 0 % ぷりんとれん 9 票 4 % ぷりんてぃん 3 票 1 %
でぃーめっせーじ 124 票 77 % ############### でぃーめすぐ 19 票 11 % ## でぃーめすじー 4 票 2 % でぃーめせぐ 6 票 3 % だめすぎ 4 票 2 % でぃーめせじ 3 票 1 % だいいんぐめっせーじ 0 票 0 %
カロック 95 票 43 % ######## しーあろっく 81 票 37 % ####### くりああろっく 4 票 1 % きゃろっく 33 票 15 % # ## こーるおーしー 1 票 0 % かろーく 1 票 0 % かーろっく 1 票 0 % キャロック 0 票 0 % かろっく 0 票 0 %
しゅばん 5 票 2 % しゅばーん！ 1 票 0 % しゃーぷびっくり 94 票 51 % ########## しぇばん 19 票 10 % ## しーばん 7 票 3 % しゃーぷびっくりまーく 12 票 6 % # しゃーぷえくすくらめーしょん 19 票 10 % ## しゃーぷばん 0 票 0 % しゃーばん 1 票 0 % しゃーぷどぴゅ 1 票 0 % ぎゃばん 1 票 0 % しぇばんぐ 12 票 6 % # #!
5 票 2 % しゃーぷドキッ 2 票 1 % しばんぐ 0 票 0 % いげたびっくり 3 票 1 %
どわーど 23 票 10 % ## だぶるわーど 22 票 9 % # でぃーわー ど 182票 80 % ################
あいとりぷるいー 193 票 71 % ############## あいいーいーいー 70 票 26 % ##### あいすりーいー 2 票 0 % ひょうじゅんのあれ 2 票 0 % あいとりいー 1 票 0 % いえええ 1 票 0 %
だぶるさんしー 93 票 38 % ####### だぶるすりーしー 70 票 29 % ##### だぶりゅーさんしー 52 票 21 % #### だぶさんしー 10 票 4 % だぶりゅーすりーしー 11 票 4 % うさんしー 1 票 0 % だぶりゅさんしー 2 票 0 %
ゆーゆーあいでぃ ー 145票 97 % ################### ううあいでぃー 1 票 0 % うういどぅー 3 票 2 % うういど 0 票 0 %
ぺけろっぱー 26 票 12 % ## えっくすろくまんはっせん 101票 49 % ######### えっくすろくはち 29 票 14 % ## えっくすろくはちけー 22 票 10 % ## ぺけろくはちけー 7 票 3 % ぺけろく 14 票 6 % # ろくはち 3 票 1 % ぺけろくはち 1 票 0 % えっくすろくはちまるまるまる 0 票 0 %
うぃずぃうぃ ぐ 162 票 82 % ################ わっとゆーすぃーいずわっとゆーげっと
6 票 3 % だぶりゅーわいえすあいだぶりゅーわいじー
12 票 6 % # うぃすぃうぃぐ 8 票 4 % ヴェィシヴィグ 0 票 0 % 分からない 3 票 1 % うぃずうぃぐ 1 票 0 % ウイズィーウィグ 0 票 0 % うぃじうぃぐ 4 票 2 % ウィジーウィッグ 1 票 0 %
やふー 242票 94 % ################## やっほー 1 票 0 % ぷぎゃー 2 票 0 % あほー 3 票 1 % やほー 5 票 1 % 糞ふー 2 票 0 %
くりっぷす 80 票 65 % ############# しーりっぷす 21 票 17 % ### くりぷす 21 票 17 % ###
えふえすしーけ ー 127票 78 % ############### ふぃすく 4 票 2 % えふえすちぇっく 22 票 13 % ## えふえすちぇく 1 票 0 % えふすく 3 票 1 % ふすちぇく 2 票 1 % ふすく 3 票 1 % ふすっく 0 票 0 %
いに 231 票 86 % ################# あいえぬあい 30 票 11 % ## いんい 3 票 1 % いにぃ 1 票 0 % 設定のやつ 1 票 0 % いぬい 1 票 0 % あいに 1 票 0 %
びーえむぴ ー 162 票 56 % ########### ぶむぷ 3 票 1 % びっとまっぷ 106 票 37 % ####### ばんぷ 10 票 3 % びまぷ 1 票 0 % ぶんぷ 0 票 0 % びんぷ 4 票 1 %
しーあう と 163 票 69 % ############# こうと 53 票 22 % #### こんそーるあうと 2 票 0 % こんそーるあうとぷっと 0 票 0 % かうと 13 票 5 % # きゃらくたーあうとぷっと 3 票 1 %
まろっく 193 票 69 % ############# えむあろっく 78 票 28 % ##### まろく 3 票 1 % まるろっく 1 票 0 % まろしー 1 票 0 %
ぴーえぬじー 79 票 26 % ##### ぴんぐ 208票 70 % ############## ぷんぐ 3 票 1 % ぽんぐ 0 票 0 % ぴぬぐ 1 票 0 % ぺんぐ 3 票 1 %
えすだぶりゅーあいじー 8 票 5 % # すうぃぐ 130 票 83 % ################ えすうぃぐ 9 票 5 % # すうぃっぐ 9 票 5 % #
えすきゅーらいと 190 票 84 % ################ すきぃーらいと 1 票 0 % しーくぇらいと 2 票 0 % えすきゅーえらいと 1 票 0 % すきゅーらいと 1 票 0 % すくらいと 13 票 5 % # えすきゅーえるらいと 16 票 7 % # すきゅらいと 2 票 0 %
らいてぃ 20 票 14 % ## らいてぃてぃぴーでぃ 18 票 12 % ## らいとえっちてぃーてぃーぴーでぃー 38 票 26 % ##### らいとてぃーぴーでぃー 59 票 41 % ######## りぃぐえいちてぃーてぃーぴー 4 票 2 % らいとえいちてぃーてぃーぴーどぅ
1 票 0 % らいとでぃぴーでぃー 0 票 0 % らいてっぷどぅ 1 票 0 % りぐえいちてぃーてぃーぴーでぃー 1 票 0 %
あっととえいちてぃーてぃーぴーでぃー 54 票 68 % ############# あとえいちてぃーてぃーぴぃーでぃー 8 票 10 % ## あっとーえいちてぃーてぃーぴーでぃー
7 票 8 % # おっとっとえいちてぃーてぃーぴーでぃー
1 票 1 % あっとえいちてぃーてぃーぴーでぃー 9 票 11 % ##
ぷろっく 204 票 88 % ################# ぷろしー 4 票 1 % ぷろしーじゃ 1 票 0 % ぷろく 18 票 7 % # ぷろし 3 票 1 % ぷろうく 1 票 0 %
えーとぅーあ い 149 票 60 % ############ あとい 94 票 37 % ####### あすきーとぅーいんてじゃー 5 票 2 % えーとい 0 票 0 % アトゥーイ 0 票 0 % あとわ 0 票 0 % あとぅい 0 票 0 %
ぬる 269 票 91 % ################## なる 24 票 8 % #
せぐぶ 55 票 30 % ###### せぐぶい 117票 64 % ############ えすいーじーぶい 7 票 3 % せぐフォールト 1 票 0 % せぐめんてーしょんふぉーると 0 票 0 % せぐふぉ 2 票 1 %
ぬるぽいんたーえくすせぷしょん 87 票 31 % ###### ぬるぽ！ 88 票 32 % ###### ぬるぽいんたーえくせぷしょん 74 票 26 % ##### なるぽいんたーいくせぷしょん
9 票 3 % ぬるぽ がっ！ 6 票 2 % ぬるぽいんたーいくすせぷしょん 4 票 1 % ぬるぽいんたーいくせぷしょん 3 票 1 % ぬるぽいんたーえくぜぷしょん 1 票 0 % なるぽいんたーえくせぷしょん 3 票 1 %
しーえっちもっ ど 104 票 41 % ######## ちぇんじもーど 65 票 26 % ##### ちもど 13 票 5 % # ちぇんじもっど 34 票 13 % ## ちぇもっど 10 票 4 % しーえいちもーど 1 票 0 % しーえいちえむおーでぃー 2 票 0 % ちもっど 5 票 2 % しーえいちもど 4 票 1 % ちゅもっど 3 票 1 % ちぇいんじもーど 1 票 0 % しゅもーぅど 0 票 0 % きもど 1 票 0 % くもっど 1 票 0 % ちぇんじもど 1 票 0 % しーえいちもっど 2 票 0 % ちょもっど 1 票 0 %
でぃーえるえる 254 票 91 % ################## でぃる 10 票 3 % でりり 0 票 0 % でるる 3 票 1 % でる 6 票 2 % でぃるる 2 票 0 % どりる 1 票 0 % どぅるる 3 票 1 %
じふ 251 票 83 % ################ ぎふ 44 票 14 % ## じーあいえふ 4 票 1 %
れじいーえっくすぴー 11 票 4 % れぐえくすぷ 83 票 35 % ####### れじぇっくすぴー 22 票 9 % # れぎゅえっくすぴー 2 票 0 % れぐいーえっくすぴー 38 票 16 % # ## れげくすぷ 2 票 0 % れげっくすぴー 9 票 3 % れぐいくすぷ 2 票 0 % れぐえくす 3 票 1 % れぎゅらーえくすぷれっしょん 8 票 3 % れじえくすぷ 7 票 3 % れぐえっくすぴー 41 票 17 % ### れぎゅらーいくすぷれっしょん
1 票 0 % れげっくす 1 票 0 % りじぇっくすぴー 1 票 0 % れぐえくすぷれっしょん 1 票 0 % れげえっくすぴー 1 票 0 %
ぷりんとえふ 264 票 89 % ################# ぷりんとふ 29 票 9 % # ぷりんとふぉーまっと 3 票 1 %
えすでぃーえるあーるだぶりゅーおぺす 9 票 9 % # えすでぃーえるあーるだぶりゅおぷす 57 票 57 % ########### えすでぃーえるりーどらいとおぺれーしょんず
4 票 4 % えすでぃーえるあーるうぉっぷす 22 票 22 % #### えすでぃーえるりーどらいとおぷす
2 票 2 % えすでぃーえる るうぉっぷす 2 票 2 % えすでぃーえる あーるうぉっぷ す 3 票 3 %
あいふる 17 票 8 % # えっふぇる 98 票 49 % ######### えいふぇる 69 票 34 % ###### あいふぇる 15 票 7 % # えいふる 1 票 0 %
パーサー 190 票 69 % ############# パーザー 21 票 7 % # パーザ 12 票 4 % パーサ 49 票 17 % # ## パルサー 1 票 0 % パーゼア 1 票 0 % ぱさー 0 票 0 %
あーぐぶ い 166 票 57 % ########### あーぐぶ 38 票 13 % ## えーあーるじーぶい 20 票 6 % # あーぎゅぶい 49 票 16 % # ## あるぐぶい 7 票 2 % あるぐぶ 2 票 0 % あーじぶい 2 票 0 % あーぎぶい 2 票 0 % あーるじーぶい 1 票 0 % おーぎゅぶい 2 票 0 %
あーぐし ー 194 票 69 % ############# えーあーるじーしー 21 票 7 % # あーぎゅしー 47 票 16 % # ## あるぐしー 5 票 1 % あーぐく 9 票 3 % あるぐく 2 票 0 % あーぎしー 3 票 1 %
うぇぶにーてんぜ ろ 254票 90 % ################## うぇぶつーぽいんとおー 6 票 2 % うぇぶにーてんれい 21 票 7 % #
あーるえむでぃ あ 102 票 38 % ####### あーるえむでぃる 21 票 8 % # りむーぶだー 2 票 0 % あーるえむでぃーあいあーる 53 票 20 % #### りむーぶでぃれくとり 20 票 7 % # あーるえむでぃれ 8 票 3 % りむーぶでぃあ 15 票 5 % # あーるえむでぃれくとり 8 票 3 % りむでぃる 6 票 2 % りむでぃら 3 票 1 % あーるえむでぃー 1 票 0 % りむでぃーあいあーる 1 票 0 % りむでぃあー 6 票 2 % らむでぃあ 5 票 1 % あーるえむだー 5 票 1 % りむーぶでぃる 2 票 0 % るむでぃあ 1 票 0 % あーるえむだいあ 1 票 0 % るむどぅる 0 票 0 % らむでぃーあいあーる 2 票 0 %
いんてじゃ ー 262票 89 % ################# いんてーじゃー 8 票 2 % いんてぃじゃ 9 票 3 % いんとじゃー 1 票 0 % 整数戦隊 インテジャー 7 票 2 % いんてがー 5 票 1 % いんてぃぇぃじぁ 0 票 0 % いんてぎゃー 0 票 0 % あぃんてじゃ 1 票 0 % あいんてーげる 0 票 0 %
ばーちゃ ー 140 票 55 % ########### ばーきゃら 100 票 39 % ####### ばーきゃー 5 票 1 % ばるちゃら 1 票 0 % ばるきゃら 0 票 0 % ばーちゃん 1 票 0 % ばーちゃら 2 票 0 % う゛ぁるきゃる 0 票 0 % ばるひゃー 3 票 1 % ばあちゃん 1 票 0 %
えーてんあうと 55 票 20 % #### えーどっとあうと 86 票 31 % ###### えーころあうと 1 票 0 % えーあうと 120 票 44 % ######## えーちょんあうと 1 票 0 % えーぽちあうと 6 票 2 % あ、あうと 1 票 0 % えー、あうと 2 票 0 %
すたんだーどあいおーどっとえいち 108票 29 % ##### すたでぃおどっとえいち 23 票 6 % # すとぅでぃおどっとえいち 11 票 2 % すたんだーどあいおーへっだ 41 票 11 % ## すとぅでいおへっだ 5 票 1 % えすてぃーでぃーあいおーどっとえいち 46 票 12 % ## えすてぃーでぃーあいおーてんえいち
11 票 2 % えすてぃでぃあいおーへっだ 9 票 2 % すたんだーどあいおーえいち 19 票 5 % # すたでぃおえいち 32 票 8 % # えてぃーでぃーあいおーえいち 2 票 0 % えすてぃーでぃーあいおーえいち
6 票 1 % すつぅでぃおえいち 0 票 0 % すとぅでぃおえいち 17 票 4 % すたんだーどあいおーちょんえいち 2 票 0 % すたでぃおへっだ 6 票 1 % すたんだーどあいおーてんえいち 8 票 2 % すてゅでいあいおーどっとえいち
1 票 0 % すたんだーどいんぷっとあうとぷっとどっとへっだー
2 票 0 % えすてぃーでぃーあいおーどっとへっだ
3 票 0 % えすてぃーでぃーあいおー 3 票 0 % すとでぃお・えいち 2 票 0 % しーえすてぃーでぃーあいおー 0 票 0 % すてぃーでぃーおーどっとえいち 1 票 0 % えすてぃーでぃーあいおーぽちえいち
1 票 0 % えすてぃーでぃおえいち 1 票 0 % えすてぃーでぃあいおーえっち 1 票 0 % すたでぃおてんえいち 1 票 0 % すとでぃいおどっとえいち 0 票 0 % すとぅでぃおえてんいち 0 票 0 % Write 0 票 0 % おやくそく 0 票 0 % すたんだーどいんぷっとあうとぷっとへっだーふぁいる
0 票 0 % すたっどあいおーてんえいち 0 票 0 % すたんだーどあいおーてんあっしゅ 2 票 0 % すたじお・えっち 2 票 0 % すたんだーどあいおーどっとへっだ
0 票 0 % あんぽんたん 3 票 0 % すとでぃおどっとえいち 1 票 0 %
みんぐぅ 91 票 45 % ######### みんじーだぶりゅー 69 票 34 % ###### みんぐだぶりゅー 26 票 12 % ## みんぐういん 7 票 3 % みんぐうぃー 2 票 0 % まいんぐだぶりゅー 3 票 1 % みにまりすとぐにゅーうぃん 1 票 0 % みんごぉう 1 票 0 % みんぐう 2 票 0 % みんぐじーだぶりゅー 0 票 0 % みんじーうぃん 0 票 0 %
ぐにゅ 57 票 17 % ### じーえぬゆー 50 票 15 % ### ぐぬー 50 票 15 % ### ぐにゅー 145票 45 % ######### ぬー 9 票 2 % ぐぬ 7 票 2 %
ゆーあいえ む 145 票 83 % ################ ゆいむ 4 票 2 % ういむ 24 票 13 % ## ゆーあいむ 1 票 0 % ゆーいむ 0 票 0 %
にひゃく おーけ ー 169 票 72 % ############## にまるまる おーけー 46 票 19 % # ## とぅーはんどれっど おーけー 3 票 1 % にーぜろぜろ おーけー 1 票 0 % にーまるまる おっけー 10 票 4 % ふたまるまる おーけー 3 票 1 % にひゃく 1 票 0 %
よんひゃくよん のっとふぁうんど 24 票 7 % # よんまるよん のっとふぁうん ど 259 票 84 % ################
ふぉーおんふぉー のっとふぁうんど 4 票 1 % よんぜろよん のっとふぁうんど 7 票 2 % ふぉーまるふぉー のっとふぁうんど 3 票 0 % よんまるよん のっとふぉうんど 5 票 1 % よんまるよん なっとふぁうんど 6 票 1 % だんこうがい 0 票 0 %
びむ 107 票 37 % ####### ぶいあいえむ 105票 36 % ####### う゛ぃむ 71 票 24 % #### びむ 1 票 0 % きちがいえでぃたー 0 票 0 % ぶいむ 1 票 0 %
えっくすえーだぶりゅーてぃーびー 59 票 59 % ########### えっくすおーとぅぶ 6 票 6 % # ざうてぃーびー 18 票 18 % ### えっくすおーてぃーびー 6 票 6 % # ぞーてぃーびー 5 票 5 % # えっくすあてなうぃじぇっとてぃーびー 2 票 2 % しゃうてぃーびー 1 票 1 % ぞうとヴい 2 票 2 %
ぐのーむ 187 票 62 % ############ のーむ 58 票 19 % ### ぐのむ 22 票 7 % # ぐのめ 14 票 4 % げのむ 0 票 0 % じーのーむ 13 票 4 % ぐのーめ 3 票 1 % げのーむ 1 票 0 % にょーむ 0 票 0 % じいのめ 1 票 0 %
すとらんこぴー 27 票 11 % ## すとるんこぴー 21 票 8 % # すとらえぬこぴー 53 票 22 % #### すとるえぬこぴー 15 票 6 % # えすてぃーあーるえぬこぴー 64 票 26 % ##### すとりえぬこぴー 9 票 3 % すたーえぬこぴー 8 票 3 % すとりんぐえぬこぴー 16 票 6 % # えすてぃーあーるえぬしーぴーわい 10 票 4 % すとりんこぴー 6 票 2 % すたーんこぴー 2 票 0 % すとあえぬこぴー 4 票 1 % エスティーアール‐エヌ‐クピー 0 票 0 % すとろんくぴー 1 票 0 % すとるんくぴー 0 票 0 % すとりんぐこぴー 4 票 1 %
ふぇいるず 7 票 2 % ふぉるす 184票 59 % ########### ふぁるす 45 票 14 % ## ふぉーるす 60 票 19 % # ## ふぉーす 7 票 2 % ふぁるせ 4 票 1 % ふぇいるす 3 票 0 %
ふぁるす 75 票 23 % #### ふぉーるす 88 票 27 % ##### フォルス 33 票 10 % ## ふぁいるず 3 票 0 % ふぉーす 8 票 2 % ふぇるす 1 票 0 % ふぉるす 103 票 32 % ###### ふぁるせ 5 票 1 %
ふぁーすといんふぁーすとあうと 21 票 7 % # ふぁいふぉー 20 票 6 % # えふあいえふおー 69 票 23 % #### ふぃふぉ 89 票 30 % ###### ふぁいふぉ 71 票 24 % #### ふぃーふぉ 22 票 7 % #
ボラタイル 22 票 9 % # ぼらたい る 151票 65 % ############# ぼらてぃる 32 票 13 % ## ボラテイル 10 票 4 % ヴォラタイル 13 票 5 % # ぼるたる 0 票 0 % う゛ぉらてぃれ 1 票 0 % ぼるあたいる 0 票 0 % ボラチール 1 票 0 % ボレイティル 0 票 0 % はらたいら 0 票 0 %
しーぴーえーえぬ 2 票 0 % しーぱん 197票 89 % ################# くぱん 19 票 8 % # しーぴーあん 2 票 0 %
いんと 288票 97 % ################### いにっと 2 票 0 % あいえぬてぃー 2 票 0 % いんてじゃー 2 票 0 % いんとぅ 0 票 0 % e 0 票 0 %
いたにう む 144 票 56 % ########### あいてにうむ 34 票 13 % ## あいていにあむ 17 票 6 % # イテニウム 2 票 0 % あいたにうむ 34 票 13 % ## あいてにあむ 17 票 6 % # あいたにあむ 1 票 0 % いたにあむ 5 票 1 % えたにゅぅむ 0 票 0 % あいたたにうむ 0 票 0 %
えすかめ 6 票 2 % えっくすわいじー 13 票 6 % # じーじー 10 票 4 % えっくすわいぜっとぜっとわい 45 票 20 % #### くさいじじー 13 票 6 % # いくしじー 2 票 0 % えっくすわいじーじーわい 66 票 30 % ###### しじー 4 票 1 % えっくすわいずぃーずぃーわい 14 票 6 % # じじー 16 票 7 % # くしっじー 1 票 0 % さいじー 4 票 1 % えくしーじじー 0 票 0 % えっくすわいじじい 2 票 0 % ぐじっじー 0 票 0 % ざいじー 2 票 0 % しーじー 1 票 0 % くしじー 3 票 1 % かめいさん 2 票 0 % ずぃずぃー 3 票 1 % くさいぜぃ 2 票 0 % しゅぢい 0 票 0 % しゅうじ 0 票 0 % イクスジー 0 票 0 % ざむじぃ 0 票 0 % せくしーじじー 1 票 0 % いぐじじー 1 票 0 % くさいじい 0 票 0 % ヂぃじぃー 0 票 0 % ぢぃーじぃ 0 票 0 % えっくすわいずぃーじぃ 2 票 0 % ざいずぃ 1 票 0 % えっくすわいだぶるじぃーわい 1 票 0 %
ちゃーすたー 35 票 12 % ## ぽいんたーとぅーきゃら 2 票 0 % きゃらがたのぽいんた 9 票 3 % ちゃーあすた 25 票 9 % # ちゃーぽいんたー 66 票 24 % #### ちゃーこめ 12 票 4 % きゃらぽいんた 63 票 22 % #### きゃらあすたー 32 票 11 % ## きゃーすたー 2 票 0 % きゃらほし 5 票 1 % ちゃーかける 0 票 0 % きゃらぽ 2 票 0 % きゃらこめ 4 票 1 % きゃらすたー 3 票 1 % ちゃーぴー 1 票 0 % ちゃーほし 3 票 1 % ちぇあポインター 1 票 0 % きゃらがたぽいんた 2 票 0 % ちゃーかけ 0 票 0 % ちゃー ぽいんと 0 票 0 % ちゃーあすたりすく 3 票 1 % きゃらくたあすたりすく 2 票 0 % きゃーぽいんたー 1 票 0 % きゃらあすたり 0 票 0 % ちゃーぽいんた 1 票 0 %
でるふぃ 38 票 13 % ## でるふぁい 248票 86 % ################# でるぴ 0 票 0 %
だぶるちゃーてぃ ー 101票 49 % ######### だぶるきゃらてぃー 52 票 25 % ##### わいどきゃらてぃー 11 票 5 % # だぶりゅーちゃーてぃー 19 票 9 % # だぶるちゃーたいぷ 1 票 0 % だぶるきゃらがた 0 票 0 % わいどきゃら型 3 票 1 % うちゃーてぃー 8 票 3 % だぶるきゃらあんだーばーてぃー 2 票 0 % だぶちゃーてぃー 2 票 0 % わいどちゃーてぃー 2 票 0 % わいどきゃらくたてぃー 0 票 0 % wuちゃーてぃー 1 票 0 % だぶるきゃらあんだーてぃー 1 票 0 %
こんすと きゃら 112 票 40 % ######## こんすと ちゃー 153 票 54 % ########## こんすと きゃー 6 票 2 % こんすと ちゃら 3 票 1 % こんすときゃらくたー 6 票 2 %
ばふ 193 票 72 % ############## ばっふぁ 45 票 16 % ### ばっふ 25 票 9 % # ぶふ 5 票 1 %
れしーぶ 121票 59 % ########### れっくぶい 39 票 19 % ### れくぶ 32 票 15 % # ## れくぶい 9 票 4 % れっくぶ 2 票 0 % れすう゛ 1 票 0 % りしーぶ 0 票 0 %
おると 233 票 70 % ############## あると 92 票 27 % ##### おるたねーと 3 票 0 % おるたー 2 票 0 % おーると 2 票 0 %
すとらこぴー 93 票 33 % ###### すとるこぴー 39 票 13 % ## すとりこぴー 13 票 4 % えすてぃーあーるこぴー 54 票 19 % ### すとりんぐこぴー 40 票 14 % ## すとらしーぴーわい 2 票 0 % すたーこぴー 19 票 6 % # えすてぃーあーるしーぴーわい 8 票 2 % すとあこぴー 9 票 3 % すとろこぴー 2 票 0 %
いねーぶる 233 票 76 % ############### えねーぶる 24 票 7 % # えなぶる 24 票 7 % # えねぶる 1 票 0 % えんなぶる 1 票 0 % いなーぶる 3 票 0 % いねいぶる 15 票 4 % えなーぶる 2 票 0 % いんえいぶる 1 票 0 %
ぴん 94 票 28 % ##### ぴんぐ 241票 71 % ##############
たぐず 13 票 5 % # てぃーじーぜっ と 174票 70 % ############## たーじーぜっと 35 票 14 % ## たーぐず 2 票 0 % てぃーじーずぃー 12 票 4 % てぃーじず 0 票 0 % たーぐじっぷ 2 票 0 % たーがんじっぷ 3 票 1 % てーじーぜっと 3 票 1 % たがず 1 票 0 % たじず 2 票 0 % とぅぐず 0 票 0 % てぐす 0 票 0 %
たぐず 6 票 2 % たーぐず 17 票 6 % # たーじーぜっ と 187票 67 % ############# たーどっとじーぜっと 21 票 7 % # たーじーずぃー 19 票 6 % # たーがず 6 票 2 % たーちょんじーぜっと 1 票 0 % たーてんじーぜっと 6 票 2 % たーぐじっぷ 3 票 1 % たーどっとがんじっぷ 2 票 0 % てぃーえーあーるどっとじーぜっと 2 票 0 % たーがんじっぷ 4 票 1 % たーどっとじーずぃー 1 票 0 % たーぽちじーぜっと 2 票 0 % たーどっとぐず 1 票 0 % たる、くす 0 票 0 % たーじず 0 票 0 %
てふ 226 票 74 % ############## てっくす 52 票 17 % ### てっく 27 票 8 % #
じーおーえふ 70 票 29 % ##### ごふ 158票 66 % ############# ぎゃんぐおぶふぉー 9 票 3 % ごっふ 1 票 0 % がふ 0 票 0 %
わーにん ぐ 198 票 60 % ############ うぉーにんぐ 129票 39 % ####### うあーにんぐ 1 票 0 %
じんぷ 71 票 23 % #### ぎんぷ 207票 69 % ############# じーいんぷ 13 票 4 % ぎーあいえむぴー 1 票 0 % じーあいえむぴー 4 票 1 %
えーあーるえむ 71 票 30 % ###### あーむ 162票 68 % ############# あるむ 3 票 1 %
えーじゃっく す 131票 39 % ####### あじゃっくす 104 票 31 % ###### あやっくす 22 票 6 % # えいじゃっくす 69 票 20 % #### あじゃくす 5 票 1 %
てぃっくる 24 票 9 % # てぃくる 115 票 46 % ######### てぃーしーえる 98 票 39 % ####### てくる 5 票 2 % とくる 1 票 0 % とぅくる 2 票 0 % てーしーえる 2 票 0 %
だぶりゅーすりーえむ 94 票 39 % ####### だぶりゅーさんえむ 104票 43 % ######## だぶりゅーさんみる 3 票 1 % だぶりゅーすりーみる 1 票 0 % だぶるさんみる 1 票 0 % だぶるすりーえむ 5 票 2 % わさんえむ 0 票 0 % ださめ 1 票 0 % だぶるさんえむ 20 票 8 % # ぷてらのどん 0 票 0 % だぶさんえむ 7 票 2 % うさむ 2 票 0 % だぶりゅさんえむ 2 票 0 %
えるふ 193 票 79 % ############### いーえるえふ 49 票 20 % #### えろふ 1 票 0 %
しーぷらすぷらす 82 票 22 % #### しーぷらぷら 243票 66 % ############# しーぷら 26 票 7 % # しーたすたす 9 票 2 % しーぴーぴー 1 票 0 % しーぷるぷる 5 票 1 % E 0 票 0 % しーだぶるぷらす 1 票 0 %
しーきゅーきゅー 86 票 39 % ####### しーないんてぃーないん 15 票 6 % # しーないんないん 6 票 2 % しーきゅーじゅーきゅー 105票 48 % ######### しくく 1 票 0 % しーくく 0 票 0 % しぃきゅうじゅうきゅう 4 票 1 %
はちまるはちろ く 196 票 78 % ############### はちろく 10 票 4 % はっせんはちじゅうろく 7 票 2 % はちれーはちろく 3 票 1 % はちぜろはちろく 32 票 12 % ## ぱおぱろ 1 票 0 %
えっくすはちろく 230 票 78 % ############### ぺけはちろく 51 票 17 % ### えっくすえいとしっくす 1 票 0 % えっくすはちじゅーろく 9 票 3 % エックス‐はちじゅうろく 2 票 0 %
りなっく す 278票 83 % ################ りぬっくす 17 票 5 % # いぬっくす 1 票 0 % らいなっくす 8 票 2 % りぬくす 27 票 8 % # りんくす 1 票 0 % ぃぬえっくす 0 票 0 % りなっくす（先頭アクセント） 0 票 0 % りぬーくす 0 票 0 %
すとらすとらっぷ 18 票 9 % # すっぽすっぽ 16 票 8 % # すとらうすとらっ ぷ 117票 60 % ############ すとろーすとらっぷ 35 票 17 % ### すとぅるすとぅるぷ 1 票 0 % すとらう゛すとるぷ 2 票 1 % すとろうすとらぷ 1 票 0 % スタラウストルップ 2 票 1 % すとらすとら 1 票 0 % にゃーるらとほてっぷ…みたいな 1 票 0 % しゅとらうすとろっぷ 1 票 0 % すとすぽ 0 票 0 % すとろーすとるっぴ 0 票 0 %
じゃーね 11 票 6 % # びゃーね 55 票 34 % ###### びょーん 28 票 17 % ### やーね 2 票 1 % びょるん 5 票 3 % びじゃーね 24 票 14 % ## びーじゃーね 13 票 8 % # ぶじゃるね 0 票 0 % びあるね 2 票 1 % びやーん 8 票 4 % びじゃーん 3 票 1 % ぶじゃーね 4 票 2 % びゃるね 3 票 1 % びよーん 2 票 1 % びょーね 0 票 0 % びやるね 0 票 0 % ぶはるね 0 票 0 % はげ 1 票 0 % ビヨヨーン 0 票 0 %
りーなす 173 票 61 % ############ りーぬす 32 票 11 % ## らいなーす 3 票 1 % らいなす 61 票 21 % #### りなす 10 票 3 % りぬす 4 票 1 %
あーるおーあー る 141票 67 % ############# ろる 26 票 12 % ## れいるず 11 票 5 % # らいずおぶろーま 4 票 1 % ろあ 10 票 4 % るびーおんれいるず 14 票 6 % # ろー 3 票 1 %
えるおーえる 81 票 31 % ###### ろる 136 票 53 % ########## わら 15 票 5 % # ろっつおぶらふ 3 票 1 % わはー 5 票 1 % ろろ 2 票 0 % らふあうとらうど 0 票 0 % うでたてふせ 2 票 0 % わろす 6 票 2 % ばんざい 0 票 0 % ろり 4 票 1 % 定数 0 票 0 % あいおーあい 1 票 0 %
しんは 20 票 10 % ## しんふ 16 票 8 % # しんえっち 84 票 44 % ######## しんひ 1 票 0 % はらせんせい 1 票 0 % しんえいち 42 票 22 % #### しんいちろうだいせんせい 5 票 2 % だんまくさん 2 票 1 % しん 3 票 1 % しんいちろうえっち 2 票 1 % しんち 5 票 2 % しにちろえっち 0 票 0 % しんはら 0 票 0 % しんほ 1 票 0 % しにい 1 票 0 % はまぢ 1 票 0 % しんさん 0 票 0 % しんや 0 票 0 % しんへっだ 1 票 0 % しんいち 1 票 0 % はいぱぼりっくしんいちろう 1 票 0 % しなー 0 票 0 % しにやー 0 票 0 % しゅいんえっち 0 票 0 % 新変態 1 票 0 % はいぱぼりっくさいん 1 票 0 %
以下からアンケート単語を増やせます。
home / index
全てリンクフリーです。 コード片は自由に使用していただいて構いません。 その他のもの はGPL 扱いであればあらゆる使用に関して文句は言いません。 なにかあれば下記メールアドレスへ 。
hamaji _at_ nii.ac.jp / shinichiro.h
In this post I reprinted a letter to the editor that I sent to a patent lawyer trade journal , IP Today , in which I responded to the comments of a patent attorney to the effect that " the patent system is necessary for there to be invention and innovation . "
I explained that
There is ... no conclusive evidence showing that the purported benefits of the patent system — extra innovation induced by the potential to profit from a patent ; earlier - than - otherwise public disclosure of innovation — exceeds the significant and undeniable costs of the patent system ....
Is the patent system " worth it " ?
Who knows ?
Apparently no one does .
It seems to follow that we patent attorneys ought not pretend that we do .
I received today an email from a respected patent attorney , a senior partner in the patent department of a major national law firm .
This person is not a libertarian .
These are just his / her honest observations based on his / her long experience in the field :
Stephan ,
Your letter responding to Joe Hosteny 's comments on Patent Trolls nicely states what I came to realize several years ago , namely , it is unclear that the U.S. Patent System , as currently implemented , necessarily benefits society as a whole .
Certainly , it has benefited [ Hostey ] and his [ partners ] and several of their prominent clients , and has put Marshall , Texas on the map ; but you really have to wonder if the " tax " placed on industry by the System ( and its use of juries or lay judges to make the call on often highly complex technical issues that the parties ' technical experts cannot agree on ) is really worth it .
Of course , anyone can point to a few start - up companies that , arguably , owe their successes to their patent portfolios ; but over the last 35 years , I have observed what would appear to be an ever increasing number of meritless patents , issued by an understaffed and talent - challenged PTO examining group , being used to extract tribute from whole industries .
I have had this discussion with a number of clients , including Asian clients , who have been forced to accept our Patent System and the " taxes " it imposes on them as the cost of doing business in the USA .
I wish I had the " answer " .
I do n't .
But going to real opposition proceedings , special patent courts with trained patent judges , " loser pays attorney fees " trials , retired engineers / scientists or other experienced engineers / scientists being used to examine applications in their fields of expertise by telecommuting from their homes or local offices throughout the Country , litigating patent attorneys providing regular lectures to the PTO examiners on problems encountered in patent infringement cases due to ineffective or careless examination of patent applications , and the appointment of actually qualified patent judges to the CAFC , may be steps in the right direction .
Now this is an honest patent attorney .
As I told him / her ,
What is worse , to me , is when patent attorneys pretend to know , but of course , do not — and they know they do not , and they do not care .
It is just dishonest .
I do n't mind a patent attorney being in favor of the system for the honest reason that it benefits him and his clients .
Just like retired people benefit from social security even if it's an inefficient or unethical system .
Or if patent attorneys just did their job and shut up about the " benefit " of the system .
I will say that my point ( not really in the letter , but expressed elsewhere — e.g. , There 's No Such Thing As A Free Patent — is not only that is the system now probably " not worth it , " but that due to the subjective nature of value , it would never be possible to demonstrate that it is " worth it " .
But that is methodological point beyond most patent attorneys , who are utterly imbued with scientism and positivism .
I ’m posting this a little early because it ’s gonna be popular .
Ben Heckendorn has been up to his tricks again .
This time he built a 14 pound , water cooled 17 inch XBox 360 aluminum cased laptop .
It ’s got all the outputs you could ever need .
This one is very good .
He was kind enough to write up the build and do a nice photo shoot .
Oh , this is very , very nice .
[ Update : Skyler ] set up a mirror . ]
I do n’t want to start a flame war .
I do n’t want to advocate anything over to anyone .
I ’m just going to tell a little tale pertaining to my use of text editors .
About 6 - 8 months ago , I started doing most of my work on a laptop .
I had n’t used a laptop extensively , and I felt quite happy editing with UltraEdit ( my editor of choice for years ) or the built - in editor of Microsoft Visual Studio .
Using VS to edit gives you Intellisense ( a tooltip - box showing you the prototype of the function whose name you ’ve just typed ) , a quick type - compile - correct cycle , and no time to start debugging .
You see , these laptops we have are nifty and all .
Plenty of horsepower , decent screens , and you can use them on top of your lap at the sofa .
There are only two quirks to me : one is that , if you add a mouse , you need a surface , which usually means a table , and a lot of the mobility is lost .
The bag also starts to become bulky .
The second quirk is that arrow keys , and even worse navigation keys ( Home / End / PgUp / PgDn ) , seem to be an afterthought .
For the past ten years , I ’ve never even thought that I was moving the hand across the keyboard to reach all these magic little keys hundreds if not thousands of times a day , and performing all sorts of selection / copying / pasting / navigation quickly .
A common idiom : selecting the current line completely , and pasting a copy below it .
I used to do that by pressing Home twice ( as the first one gets you to the first non -blank character in the line and I want the whole line ) , then pressing Shift and holding it depressed while pressing the down arrow , then Ctrl - C , and then Ctrl - V twice ( either that or Down - Arrow then Ctrl - V ) .
It ’s more or less that .
I must have made this action more times than I ’ve said “ hi ” .
Now comes the wonderful world of laptop editing .
There are many small variations of the laptop keyboard torture devised by different incarnations of Evil .
Mine is an Acer with Del on the top - right corner ( a good choice ) , Ins just left to it , the arrows in a nice little inverted T on the bottom right ( not incredibly easy to find by touch , you see , I am a quite proficient touch typist as most people who spend a lot of their day typing ) .
The worst comes with the Home - End and PgUp / PgDn keys .
PgUp and PgDn are dutifully struck there on the two little gaps of the inverted T – PgUp is above the left arrow , and PgDn is above the right arrow .
This alone makes you unable to distinguish the inverted T shape by touch , which is such an aid for quickly locating it .
And the mental cue of having PgUp above PgDn is lost .
But the worst is yet to come : Home and End are the same two keys , as long as you press a difficult to press “ Fn ” key almost on the bottom left corner on the keyboard ( second from the left , between the Ctrl and the Windows key ) .
This layout is incredibly uncomfortable .
Such a simple idiom as I spoke about above turns into something like this :
– Move the hand around the bottom right corner trying to locate the keys
– Give up trying blindly and look down to locate them
– Try to locate
Fn directly with the left thumb or little finger
– Give up and locate it either as the second key on the row or just look down
– Fn-PgUp ( Home ) twice
– Shift - Down , usually by touch from the previous position but w/o feeling reliable
– Ctrl - C ( with which you lose track of where your left keys are )
– Ctrl - V twice
– Swear about these damn keyboards and try to remember what you were trying to write .
You see , a few days of this and I was bound to find a better solution .
I started thinking that there must be a way to edit text which did n’t require the Home / End / Arrow keys .
I started dreaming up about text editing interfaces that would save all the hand movement .
During one of those daydreams , it struck me : “ remember vi , that old - school , bizarre , complex , text - editor ? ” .
I had used vi ( most probably vim ) maybe a couple of times , once at the University HP - 9000 Unix system and another time when installing Linux circa 1994 .
I promptly switched to “ pico ” or “ joe ” or one of the other more standard editors and forgot about it – not without learning that “ i ” helped you enter text (?! ) and quitting required typing ‘:’ and then q or quit or e or exit or x or whatnot .
The only way to add text to a line would be to use ‘ a ’ instead of ‘ i ’ while at the end of line , really weird But I had sometime heard that you DID NOT USE ARROW KEYS WITH VI .
It resounded as a syren song in my mind .
I commented it with a coworker , quite a Linux supporter , and he praised the vi input model really strong – no , he was n’t using it most of the time having succumbed to development under Windows using plain Microsoft Visual Studio , but it was the best way of editing text known to man .
You see , I was perfectly happy with my editor(s ) , but suddenly the input model was a pain to use with my environment .
I looked up some resources , downloaded vim , and I started using it .
First web page I printed out and kept at arm ’s length for emergency :
Efficient Editing With vim – Jonathan McPherson
This is the best introduction to the vi input model I have found .
First thing it does is tell you to stay away from the arrow keys and use h , j , k , l for moving around .
Sure its weird , and I probably could n’t have done it on a regular keyboard , but the laptop nightmare got me avoiding the arrow keys by sheer instinct .
It felt weird to have your hands stuck there in their home position .
It felt even a bit “ restrictive ” , and things did n’t come out quick .
It took about 2 weeks to become basically fluent with the vi model , and I was playing games of what commands to use for every little thing ( “ How do I erase this word ?
Oh , it may be , what key was it ?
ah , yeah , ‘ b ’ , to go to the beginning of the word , then ‘ d ’ to delete and maybe ‘ w ’ to delete to the next word HURRAH ! IT WORKED ! ” – then “ diw – Delete Inner Word does it as well ! ” ) .
But after the steeeeeeeep learning curve , I started to become very proficient with it .
You could split , resize and move around editing windows with just keyboard commands ( “ you mean , ‘ k ’ is up , but Ctrl - W and then ‘ k ’ gets you to the window above the current one ?
NEAT ! ” ) .
Everything is there at your finger tips .
So – there I was , early 2005 , discovering the input model of a text editor written , what , 25 years ago ? , and finding out that it is the best input model for my current platform .
Mind you , once I ’ve learnt it , it ’s also much quicker to use on a regular keyboard – the incentive just was n’t there with a fancy regular keyboard .
Now editing is no less comfortable at the sofa , on the plane or bus , than on a non-portable full size desk .
And do you know how I make an additional copy of the current line nowadays ?
yyp
[ Update May 31 , 2006 : if you want to learn vi/vim editing yourself , I think the best way to do it is the graphical tutorial I prepared recently .
Enjoy ! ]
C-x 2
* scratch *
( defun blog - column - length ()
" Print stats on current blog column , or blogollum , or whatever "
( interactive )
( message " hi there " ) )
M-C-x
with - output - to - temp - buffer
( message )
M-x describe - function
M-x apropos blog
main ( )
( goto - char ( point - min ) )
( beginning - of - buffer )
( while ( not ( eobp ) )
)
save - excursion
save - excursion .
The friends chat gaily ,
I stand up to join their talk .
My save - excursion .
startApplication ( )
thenWaitFriggingForever ( )
thenItGoesRealSlow ( )
( defun blog - column - length ()
" Print stats on current blog column , or blogollum , or whatever "
( interactive )
( save - excursion
( goto - char ( point - min ) )
( while ( not ( eobp ) )
; ; we 're going to increment a counter in here
)
( message " count will be displayed here " ) ) )
( let ( ( char - count 0 ) )
char-count
( unless ( looking - at " [ \t\r
] " )
( incf char - count ) )
( function arg arg arg )
arg
let -
( forward - char 1 )
( defun blog - column - length ()
" Print stats on current blog column , or blogollum , or whatever "
( interactive )
( save - excursion
( goto - char ( point - min ) )
( let ( ( char- count 0 ) )
( while ( not ( eobp ) )
( unless ( looking - at " [ \t\r
] " )
( incf char - count ) )
( forward - char 1 ) )
( message " %d chars , %d words " char-count ( / char- count 5 ) ) ) ) )
A friend of mine on a neighboring team at Google presented me with an interesting math problem the other day .
It went like this :
Hey Stevey !
Uh , you know people do n't actually call me that to my face , right ?
Only behind my back .( cheerily )
But you 're Stevey !
Look at your badge !
Sigh .
OK , fine already .
What 's this math problem ?
Let 's say there 's this hypothetical blogger who writes for 4 hours a month , and he desperately needs an editor who will never materialize , and in those 4 hours he produces very ... large ... ummm ... And what exactly are you trying to say there , ex-friend ?
Oh , nothing !
It 's purely hypothetical !
I 'm just saying that I , er , well , I 've been reading for hours and I 'm only half done with your last blog entry , and I accidentally fell asleep and had a wonderful dream that I was finished reading it , and then I woke up and my keyboard was gone .
Plus I 'm still not done yet .
That was a pretty long story .( reading what I wrote )
That 's not what I said !
What do you mean the keyboard was gone ?
Uh , never mind .
I 'll fix it in the real blog .
Fine .
Whatever .
Anyway , we were all thinking ... Oh !
So it 's " we " now , is it ?
And who are my other ex-friends in this particular hypothetical situation ?
Jared and Todd and Jeremy .
B- b- but — you can't say their names in my blog !
Oopsie .
There are people listening !
No , Stevey , I think your readers all died of starvation on account of trying to finish your blogs in one sitting .
D'oh !
OK .
Yeah .
I think I get it .
You 're saying — and correct me if I 'm wrong here — that if I write for an hour a week , I 'll produce blogs that are only like 600 times too long , rather than the usual , ah ... 2400 .
Ouch !
That 's just ... low .
( frowning vaguely , looking at my fingers ) I know how to multiply , you know .
I was just thinking about something else , that 's all .
Well , we think maybe you should give it a try !
Just one hour a week .
You could be , like , a columnist .
Yeah !
I wo n't get paid , and nobody will read any of it , but otherwise it 's pretty much exactly the same as a columnist in all respects .
I can be like ... like Paul Graham , and sit around in my underwear writing articles about how I get to sit around in my underwear writing articles about stuff , on account of having written everything in Lisp .
Except I 'll still have to wear pants .
Um. ( edging nervously towards the door )
So does this mean I do n't have to finish that last blog about Cinderella ?* sigh * Pinocchio .
And no , you do n't have to finish it .
He dies at the end , anyway .( sympathetic frowny - face ) Sad. ( runs out ) So !
I 'm going to try writing for an hour a week , and also try limiting my blog to a certain number of words that columnists apparently never actually discuss but which appears to be around 800 , and we 'll see if it nets me fewer complaints .
And I 'm going to start ... last Friday !
This blog is officially 3 days late , but I figured apologizing could get me a couple of extra words .
As of that last paragraph , I was at 2338 chars , or 437 five - letter words , at least in the first draft .
I 'll spend the rest of today 's entry explaining how I knew that .
Since I 'm writing this in Emacs ( where else ? )
I need an Emacs command that will count the non-whitespace characters in the current buffer and tell me how many there are so far , plus divide by five to show how many " words " I 've written , since as we all know from fifth - grade English class , words are always five letters .
First I typeand switch to mybuffer .
You can write lisp code there .
When it 's tested , you can copy it into a file somewhere that 's loaded by your .emacs .
I start with the basic interactive function skeleton :
That 's pretty much the minimal command you can invoke with M-x .
After typing it out , I put the cursor anywhere inside the function definition and type ( i.e. , Ctrl - Alt - x ) to evaluate it .
Note that we do n't have to restart Emacs to do this .
* Ahem * .
At least Eclipse comes with free bullets .
Now we can type M-x blog - column - length to see the " hi there " message printed to the minibuffer .
If I were doing lots of output , I could use , but I figure this can just be a one - liner .
Thefunction takes arguments similar to C's printf .
Note : by evaluating my function , I 've fully integrated it into Emacs .
I can tab - complete the command name , doto read the help string , doto find it in the list of commands that have ' blog ' in the name , and so on .
Emacs is cool .
Why are n't all editors like this ?
I mean , if you were trying to follow along with our little exercise in Eclipse , at this point you might have it out of the box , maybe , but there would be parts all over the floor , styrofoam everywhere , and you'd be staring at the 10 - page Hello , World demo trying to figure out wheregoes .
Good ole Eclipse .
And I hear the Visual Studio team was jealous of Eclipse 's " lightweight " plugin system .
( Is it any wonder that developers never customize their tools ?
Jeez . )
Anyway , all that 's left is to count the characters .
It helps to know one wacky thing about Emacs : most functions are written as scripted versions of exactly what you would have done by hand .
That 's how it got to be called " Emacs " — Editor Macros .
As you learn the editor commands , you 're also learning how to program Emacs , because you can use all those commands in your elisp code .
Sweet !
There are lots of ways to count the non-whitespace characters in the buffer , but the first one that came to mind is to go to the beginning of the buffer and start looking at each character , incrementing some counter if it's not whitespace , and keep going until we get to the end of the buffer .
So that 's what we 'll do .
First , go to the beginning of the buffer :
You could also useif you prefer .
No biggie .
Then we need a loop .
How about " while " ?
Sounds good to me .
Let 's loop while we 're not at the end of the buffer :
It 's good to know all the little functions for testing if you 're at the beginning of the line ( bolp ) , end of line ( eolp ) , beginning of buffer ( bobp ) , end of buffer ( eobp ) , etc. ' p ' means predicate ; i.e. a function that returns true / false .
It 's just a lispy naming convention .
Oh , let 's wrap the whole thing in a .
That 's an emacs macro that saves / restores the point and mark around any editing operations .
If you want to be able to run your command without affecting the user 's actual cursor position , useYou see it all over .
There 's even a haiku about it : Really .
It 's a real Emacs haiku .
Look it up !
The only Eclipse haiku I know goes like this :
That 's what they used to say about Emacs , but then hardware got faster so they needed a new elephant .
Anyway , here 's what we 've got so far :
First , we need to declare a variable .
I 'm tellin ' ya : declaring your variables is all the rage these days .
This declares a variable , initialized to zero , within the scope of the let - block , which is sort of like a curly - brace block in C or Java .
The extra parens date back to 1955 , and they get real grumpy if you mention them , so let 's not .
Next we need to say " unless we 're looking at a whitespace char , increment char- count " .
Here 's how : Gosh .
And everyone always says they despise Lisp .
It 's not that hard , is it ?
The only trick is knowing where to put the parentheses , and that 's easy .
It 's just .
Ifis a call to a function , then you parenthesize it , and it all nests nicely , sorta like XML but without all the yelling .
Plus those extra ones around thedeclaration , but we do n't talk about them , remember ?
That 's how you remember them .
Then we move the cursor forward : Putting it all together :
Et voila .
Almost exactly 1 hour .
Well , 90 minutes , but who 's counting .6936 chars , 1387 words .
OK , it 's a little longer than my target , but what 's a few words in the pursuit of Emacs education between friends ?
Plus I got a couple of jabs in at Eclipse , so it 's not a total loss .
See you all next week !
Every time I hear the words “ Iraq Study Group ” the phrase triggers a little involuntarily interior monologue that goes something like this :
“ Study Group ” — it sounds like a group of undergraduates cramming for finals .
Is n’t “ studying ” what the Bush administration should have been doing back in 2002 and 2003 when it created the mess the Baker commission is desperately seeking a path out of today ?
What exactly is it that the “ Study Group ” is studying that the Bush White House , which appointed it , has n’t already seen ?
Hundreds of people are dying every day in Iraq , but the president has decided to let his disgraced Secretary of Defense , Donald Rumsfeld , hang around a few weeks longer just so he can claim the title of “ longest ever serving defense secretary . ”
Could there be a more ludicrous indication of how disconnected the White House has become from the carnage it has unleashed ?
What options is the Study Group likely to propose — in the way of negotiations with Iraq ’s neighbors , pressure on the Iraqi government , or timetables for withdrawal — that are n’t already obvious ?
What are we waiting for ?
Why are our leaders and the press splitting hairs over whether Iraq is in a state of “ sectarian violence ” or “ civil war ” or total anarchy ?
The trouble is , our problems do n’t lie where a “ Study Group ” might help , in figuring out what to do ; they lie with an administration that has created a national disaster and now decided that cleaning up the disaster is not its problem at all .
If you look at the coverage from Sunday ’s Times exploring different roads forward for the U.S. in Iraq —
“ In Search of the Fixers ” or the accompanying infographic — there is a strange absence of voices from the Executive Branch .
After years of declaring victory and advocating “ staying the course , ” Bush and his team have now simply gone silent .
( Or “ checked out , ” as Josh Marshall put it . )
It ’s as if Bush , having driven the nation into a ditch , now wants to dust off his suit and walk away from the wreck .
Trouble is , he ’s not handing over the keys .
Now here ’s something constructive the Study Group could recommend :
The president needs to take responsibility for his failure and be a president for the next two years , leading the U.S. out of Iraq so it can repair its relationships with its allies , rebuild its armed forces and resume the real war we ’re fighting against the group that attacked us on 9/11 .
If Bush is unable to do that — and he may well be — he and his vice president should have the courage and honesty to resign .
And the Baker commission should have the courage and honesty to say that to the president .
In a parliamentary system , Bush and his people would have been out on their ears after this month ’s election .
That ’s not our system — but we can improvise if we have to .
I do n’t know whether , if Bush and Cheney actually did this before the new Congress takes office , Dennis Hastert would become president .
After the Congressional transition , it would be Nancy Pelosi .
Neither , of course , seems likely to move into the White House any time soon .
But how can the country begin to move beyond our current disastrous paralysis , other than by starting with a clean sweep at the top ?
Are we going to spend the next two years pretending that we ’re still “ nation - building ” and “ fighting the terrorists ” while American soldiers keep filling body bags and Iraqi morgues keep overflowing ?
[ tags ] iraq , iraq study group , bush resignation [ / tags ]
“ The public sees what ’s happening in Iraq , they see the persistent violence , and they want to make sure that we ’re adapting , ” Mr. Bartlett said .
He said the White House and the Republican Party were not about to cede the traditional advantages on national security to Democrats .
Mr. Bush , he added , would step up his attacks on their national security credentials at campaign appearances in Pennsylvania and Virginia on behalf of two of the most endangered candidates , Senator George Allen of Virginia and Representative Don Sherwood of Pennsylvania .
Mr. Bartlett said Iraq remained a winning issue in the broader context of the war on terrorism , which the party would continue to hit hard .
Mr. Bush tried to do that on Wednesday in an interview on ABC News , telling George Stephanopoulos , the interviewer , that when voters go to the polls on Nov. 7 “ they ’re going to want to know what that person ’s going to do , what is the plan for a candidate on Iraq , what do they believe ? ”
When Mr. Stephanopoulos asked Mr. Bush whether the increasing violence in Iraq was similar to the Tet Offensive in 1968 , the Vietnam War campaign that is often cited as turning American opinion against the war , Mr. Bush said such a comparison “ could be right , ” suggesting that terrorists were aiming for a similar result .
Mr. Bush ’s aides said he would continue to criticize Democrats on the war even if his words were not echoed by Republican candidates the way they were in 2002 and 2004 .
In this environment , several Republicans said they had given up on trying to win an advantage on the war and would be satisfied in at least wrestling Democrats to a draw on it .
OpenOffice has been an open - source project for nearly six years now , and the project has grown and matured considerably during that time .
Originally based on the code from StarOffice , a creaky cross-platform suite available for OS /2 , Windows , Macintosh , Solaris , and Linux from a company called Star Division , the program received a tremendous amount of support from the OSS community .
While progress was slow — Sun , who had purchased Star Division in 1999 , opened the source in mid-2000 , yet it did not get to version 1.0 until two years later — it continued to improve .
Version 2.0 , which was released late last year , received favorable reviews .
Now , a group of OpenOffice enthusiasts have released OpenOffice Premium , a new bundle that includes the OpenOffice suite and a grab - bag of extras , such as clip art , document templates , and fonts .
The idea is to provide a package that is similar to a new installation of commercial office suites such as Microsoft Office and Corel Perfect Office , both of which come with a plethora of clip art and other goodies .
The choice of the word " Premium " for this bundle is somewhat misleading , as the package is available as a free download .
Like many SourceForge web pages , the download page is more confusing than it could be , but I quickly found an international version of the bundle that came in at 243 MB .
The full install is 441 MB , which is about twice the size of my install of Microsoft Office XP .
This rough doubling of system requirements carries over to RAM usage as well : with the same document open , OpenOffice Writer used up 50 MB of memory , compared to 22 for Word .
OpenOffice 2.0 is much improved over 1.1 , but there are still some rough edges .
The included clip art contains " more than 2,800 objects " according to the ReadMe file , although many of the vector images are rather simplistic .
The clip art browser opens as a handy tab at the top of the document with the click of a button .
In an interesting but relatively harmless bug , if you subsequently open a new OpenOffice program — even something totally unrelated such as the Calc spreadsheet — the clip art browser will still be visible .
You can drag and drop images from the browser directly into your document , however , another bug prevents image resizing until the image has been moved .
The new document templates are useful , and save considerable amounts of time when creating new fax covers , invoices , and other business documents .
Some of the templates are plain , others rather garish , and there are some spelling errors in a few of them , so it pays to be careful when using a new one .
Interestingly , templates that contain macros prompt a security warning , addressing a specific criticism that Microsoft had of the office suite .
Of the five applications included in the OO.o suite , the Writer word processor is probably the most polished .
It bears more than a striking resemblance to Word ( I lined up the toolbars for each and they were a nearly perfect match ) and opens most Word documents without issues .
Calc , the spreadsheet , is much weaker .
It lacks many of Excel 's features and did a poor job of importing my existing documents , changing colors , losing font information , and in many cases even losing the information in the graph 's X axis .
The vector drawing program , Draw , is a bit like Corel Draw without the features , and does n't come close to something like Illustrator .
The presentation program , Impress , has the basic features of PowerPoint and imports most existing presentations without any major issues .
The database , Base , is the newest and also the weakest of the bunch .
In testing I experienced very poor performance and inexplicable errors .
Many people will look at criticisms of the OpenOffice suite and try to deflect them with the comment that OO.o is free and to assemble a competing set of commercial programs could cost hundreds of dollars .
This is a valid point , although for many people the extra features and lack of document conversion issues are worth the cost of proprietary software .
For users with basic needs , however , the " Premium " version of OpenOffice is an inexpensive way to get through their work .
I have already seen OpenOffice start to appear in price - sensitive environments , such as library workstations .
For OO.o to gain traction in the business world , however , it will have to deliver more than it has already .
No one says the life of the entrepreneur is glamorous , at least in the start - up phase .
Financing pressures .
Bad diet .
Family — what family ?
And now new research from Harvard Business School professor Noam Wasserman reveals another " founder frustration " : below - market pay .
Wasserman 's research with 1,200 executives at 500 companies concludes founder pay is on average $ 30,000 less than that of non-founder executives .
( The pay discrepancy disappears as the business matures . )
What 's the reason for such founder discounts ?
One reason is that non-founders can increase their compensation by threatening to jump to another company — a card that few founders are willing to play at the negotiation table , says Wasserman .
Wasserman 's paper on the subject " Stewards , Agents , and the Founder Discount : Executive Compensation in New Ventures " is scheduled to be published later this year in the Academy of Management Journal .
The paper was featured in the Best Paper Proceedings of the 2004 Academy of Management Conference and of the 2003 Babson - Kauffman Research Conference .
Sarah Jane Gilbert :
What led you to research the topic of executive compensation in new ventures ?
Noam Wasserman :
The initial impetus was when I was doing my early field research on founders and heard complaints from them about their inability to increase their compensation compared to their non-founder colleagues , which I found surprising .
For instance , a founder complained that his board refused to listen to his argument that he was being underpaid because he could not credibly threaten to leave the company if he did n't get his way , in contrast to a non-founder who could effectively do so .
From an academic perspective , past studies assumed that founders are more powerful than non-founders and thus should be able to command more compensation , but never tried to see if that was true .
So I decided to collect data on the executives in new ventures and on the ventures themselves , to see what the real story was .
My dataset for this project included 1,238 " C - level " executives from 528 private information technology companies .
When I analyzed founder versus non-founder compensation , I found that there is a large " founder discount " ( averaging about $ 30,000 a year ) , even after controlling for all of the other differences between founders and non-founders .
At the same time , the size of the founder discount changes dramatically as the venture evolves .
In the early stages of growth , the discount is much bigger , but it largely disappears in later - stage ventures .
The result is even more surprising when compared to executive compensation in large companies .
In large companies , the CEO is the highest paid executive and almost always out - earns her direct reports by a significant margin .
Also , multiple studies have found that the more equity the CEO holds , the more compensation she commands .
However , the patterns are completely different in young companies if there are founders involved .
For instance , of 290 founder - CEOs in my sample , 51 percent earned the same or less than a direct report .
In other words , fewer than half of founder - CEOs out - earned their subordinates !
Also , the more equity held by the executive , the less the executive 's compensation .
Both of these patterns are the opposite of what we'd expect based on large - company compensation patterns .
Q : Can you explain the difference between stewardship theory and agency theory ?
How do these theories apply to new venture firms ?
A : Agency theory is the standard lens through which academics look at compensation issues .
In short , it posits that when hired managers , or " agents , " are faced with a conflict between their organization 's best interests and their personal best interests , the agents will choose the latter .
Therefore , the owners of the organization will have to take steps to increase the chances that their agents will act in the organization 's ( or owners ' ) interests , and compensation is one of the levers they can use .
Agency theory is an extremely useful lens through which to examine situations where there is a divergence between managerial and shareholder interests .
The higher level of intrinsic motivation leads founders to willingly — even eagerly — take lower compensation .
In contrast , stewardship theory posits that some managers — " stewards " — will put the organization 's interests first , especially when they identify closely with the organization and are very attached to it .
The interests of these " organizationally centered " executives are more likely to be aligned with those of the owners .
Stewards identify closely with the organization and thus derive higher satisfaction from behaviors that promote the organization 's interests than from self - serving behaviors .
Also , intrinsic motivation should be higher in people who create an organization and feel a sense of control over its direction .
Hence , there is much less of a clear divergence between managerial and shareholder interests .
It struck me that many founders I had studied are much closer to the steward ideal than to the agents described in agency theory .
Stewardship theory is far less known and probably does n't apply as much to most executives , but it seems to fit founders very well .
Executive compensation provides one test of that idea , and new ventures — where founders work alongside non-founders — is a great arena in which to examine it .
If founders are typical agents , their compensation should not differ from that of non-founder agents , once we have controlled for a wide variety of potential differences between them ( e.g. , prior work experience , educational backgrounds , equity holdings ) .
However , if founders are more like stewards and non-founders more like agents , then we should find a significant difference between founder and non-founder compensation .
Q : How does this result in lower founder compensation ?
A : There are both voluntary and involuntary reasons why founders would have lower compensation .
On the one hand , the higher level of intrinsic motivation leads founders to willingly — even eagerly — take lower compensation .
This voluntary side was captured by a VC who maintained , " The Founder CEO benefits from ' soft ' compensation , such as greater psychic rewards , that a non-founding CEO will never be able to get . "
According to this thinking , for a fixed level of total rewards , if founders receive a higher level of psychological rewards , they should be willing to accept a smaller amount of material rewards in cash .
There may also be practical reasons :
The founders may feel that their cash - poor ventures will gain more from having a lower burn rate than they would gain personally from having higher compensation .
On the other hand , the higher level of psychological attachment introduces an involuntary element , wherein founders are forced to take lower compensation .
This attachment acts as " psychological handcuffs " that bind the founder more tightly to the venture than a non-founder would be psychologically tied to it .
Hence , the complaints from founders that their boards would laugh at any threats to leave if the founders do n't get a raise .
Both of these factors change as the venture grows .
As more people are hired and the founder begins sharing control with non-founders , and as the venture develops and formalizes systems and processes that make it less dependent on the founder , founder attachment and intrinsic motivation should decrease .
Thus , the founder discount diminishes as the venture grows .
Q : What implications does this have for entrepreneurs ready to start a new venture ?
A : One big implication is that founders have to realize that one of their biggest strengths — their drive to build the venture and to do everything it needs to succeed — can also be a weakness when it comes to benefiting financially from their hard work .
The fact that founders are so attached to their ventures is wonderful , but can also be used against the founders , as was the case with the founder who complained about his board 's resistance to increasing his pay .
The other is the more general recognition , both by founders and by new - venture boards , of how founder attachment and motivation are likely to change as the venture grows , and that adjustments will have to be made because of those changes .
Beyond the founder - CEO specifically , there may be an interesting ripple effect for the rest of the management team .
In many companies , when the founder - CEO 's compensation is below market , it may also depress the compensation of the other team members .
An investor who serves on the board of several communications - industry companies told of a founder who believed he should sacrifice increased salary for the good of his company : " One of the founder - CEOs I work with is paid way under market , but when I approached him with an offer to bring the issue up in a board meeting to get him bumped a bit , he declined , citing the ripple effect it could have on the company 's compensation program .
If his salary is capped , it is easier to keep other personnel costs under control . "
Q : What are you working on now ?
A : I 'm continuing to do work on other " founder frustration " areas , including founder - CEO succession .
However , in follow - on work to the compensation project , I am trying to deepen our knowledge of both the financial and the nonfinancial motivations and benefits for entrepreneurs .
Although the compensation study controlled for differences in equity holdings , the major financial gains for many entrepreneurs come from their equity holdings in their ventures , and equity holdings deserve to be studied more deeply .
Therefore , in related projects , I 'm focusing on three aspects of the equity landscape .
When the founder - CEO 's compensation is below market , it may also depress the compensation of the other team members .
First , in a financial complement to the " psychological handcuffs " from the compensation paper , I am using equity - vesting terms to examine the " golden handcuffs " used by boards to try to lock in executives in new ventures , and am again finding a distinct difference both in founder versus non-founder vesting terms and in other factors that cause vesting differences .
Second is my " Splitting the Pie " project .
One of the biggest factors driving founders ' equity stakes is the initial equity split within the founding team .
The typical approach to splitting is exemplified by the founders of Zipcar , a case we teach in our first - year entrepreneurship course .
The Zipcar founders , who barely knew each other before founding the company , split the equity simply , shaking hands over a 50 - 50 split .
One founder joined Zipcar full - time as its CEO and went on to become the driving force behind the company .
The other founder kept her other job and contributed far less to the company , but still owned the same amount of equity in the company .
The founder - CEO now says , " That was a really stupid handshake because who knows what skill sets and what milestones and what achievements are going to be valuable as you move ahead .
That first handshake caused a huge amount of angst over the next year and a half . "
On the other hand , in my " Ockham " case , which we teach as a counter case to Zipcar , the three founders ( who had long been coworkers ) split the initial equity unequally based on different contributions , and also crafted a founder 's agreement where founders who did not participate in the company full - time would surrender their equity .
These two cases sparked my interest in how the past relationships of the founders ( e.g. , prior friends or coworkers versus strangers ) might affect their approach to splitting the equity ( both the equality of the split and the timing of the split ) and how the split might affect both the founding - team 's stability and the company 's growth .
The third project is " Rich versus King , " a more comprehensive look at a fundamental tradeoff faced by founders .
Beyond the financial factors examined above , a major nonfinancial motivation for many entrepreneurs is the ability to leave their stamp on their ventures by being able to control the venture , implement their idea , and realize their vision .
The entrepreneurial ideal is to be able both to gain financially ( be " Rich " ) and to control the venture ( be " King " ) .
However , this study examines how the control motive conflicts with the financial profit motive that also drives many founders .
In order to build a valuable venture , founders almost always have to attract other resource providers — co- founders and non-founding hires on the human resources side , investors on the financial resources side — to the venture .
To attract them , the founder has to give up things of value , most prominently equity stakes and decision - making control .
Thus , founders are faced with having to trade off financial gains ( from building a valuable venture ) versus control .
In quantitative analyses of 454 start - ups , I show that there is a significant Rich versus King tradeoff , and explore ways in which some entrepreneurs increase the chances that they will end up in the Rich and King ( or , " rich and regal " ) category .
As these projects evolve , I post updates to my research blog , where I also welcome feedback on those results and on new research ideas .
An infrared view of the Helix nebula .
Image credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / Univ.of Ariz .
A bunch of rowdy comets are colliding and kicking up dust around a dead star , according to new observations from NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope .
The dead star lies at the center of the much - photographed Helix nebula , a shimmering cloud of gas with an eerie resemblance to a giant eye .
" We were surprised to see so much dust around this star , " said Dr. Kate Su of the University of Arizona , Tucson , lead author of a paper on the results appearing in the March 1 issue of Astrophysical Journal Letters .
" The dust must be coming from comets that survived the death of their sun . "
Spitzer 's spectacular new view of the Helix nebula shows colors as seen in infrared and is online at www.spitzer.caltech.edu/Media .
The dusty dead star appears as a dot in the middle of the nebula , like a red pupil in a green monster 's eye .
The Helix nebula , located about 700 light - years away in the constellation Aquarius , was formed when a star much like our sun died and sloughed off its skin , or outer layers .
Radiation from the dead star's hot core , called a white dwarf , heats the expelled material , causing it to fluoresce with vivid colors .
This cosmic beauty , termed a planetary nebula , wo n't last long .
In about 10,000 years , its shiny clouds will fade , leaving the white dwarf and its circling comets to cool down alone in empty space .
Astronomers have long studied the white dwarf at the center of the Helix nebula , but nobody had detected any dust close to it until now .
Spitzer , an infrared space - based observatory , was able to pick up the glow of a dusty disk circling around the stellar corpse at a distance of about 35 to 150 astronomical units ( an astronomical unit is the distance between our sun and Earth , which is 150 million kilometers or 93 million miles ) .
At first , Su and her team were shocked to see the dust .
They said that when the star died , expelling its outer layers , dust in the system should have been blown away .
The team then obtained more detailed data , which again pointed to the presence of a dusty disk .
Where is the dust coming from ?
According to the astronomers , it is most likely being freshly churned up by comets smashing into each other in the outer fringes of the white dwarf 's system .
A few million years ago , before the white dwarf formed , when it was still a lively star like our sun , its comets and possibly planets would have been in stable orbits , harmoniously traveling around the star .
But when the star died , any inner planets would have burned up or been swallowed as the star expanded .
Outer planets , asteroids and comets would have been jostled about and thrown into each other 's paths .
Our own solar system will undergo a similar transformation in about five billion years .
Like the Helix nebula , it will sparkle with colors .
Our sun , which will have become a white dwarf , will be circled by a band of surviving outer planets and frenzied comets .
Spitzer has seen evidence before for such comet survivors around dead stars .
In January of last year , astronomers reported using the observatory to find a dusty disk around a white dwarf , only the disk was much closer in , circling at a distance of only .005 to .03 astronomical units .
" Finding evidence for planetary activity around a white dwarf is a surprise , " said Dr. George Rieke of the University of Arizona , a co-author of the paper .
" Finding it twice with such different properties is a shock ! "
The Spitzer data might also help explain a mystery surrounding the Helix nebula 's white dwarf .
Previous observations with the German X - ray telescope Röntgensatellit and NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory indicated that the white dwarf was throwing out highly energetic X - rays .
While the white dwarf is hot , about 110,000 Kelvin ( nearly 200,000 degrees Fahrenheit ) , it is not hot enough to explain the energetic X - rays .
Astronomers thought that perhaps the white dwarf was accreting matter onto itself from a hidden companion star .
But the Spitzer observations point to a different answer .
According to Su's team member Dr. You - Hua Chu of the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign , material in the newfound disk surrounding the white dwarf might be falling onto the star and triggering the X - ray outbursts .
" The high - energy X - rays were an unsolved mystery , said Chu .
" Now , we might have found an answer in the infrared . "
Source : NASA
FOCUSING ON THE MIDDLE ….
Why do liberals care about rising income inequality ?
There are several reasons , I think , but the main one is n’t actually related to inequality per se : what we ’re really concerned about is stagnant middle class wages .
We want to see consistent growth in median incomes , and that ca n’t happen if the rich are hoovering up the bulk of the income growth .
Ezra Klein , riffing on an old Paul Krugman column , puts it this way :
The concern [ is ] that , through mechanisms we ’re not entirely sure of , the very richest are siphoning off the economic growth before it flows through the middle and lower classes .
The worry is about the distribution of growth , but the suspicion is that the distribution is being warped by the sheer level of inequality .
I ’m not sure this gets the mechanism quite right , though .
There are two basic ways that unequal growth can happen :
The rich suck up vast amounts of income growth , and this leaves very little money for the middle class .
Thus , wages for the middle class are stagnant or , at best , rising slowly .
Middle class wages are kept stagnant , and this frees up vast amounts of money from economic growth .
The money has to go somewhere , and it goes to the rich .
Now , obviously , it does n’t have to be one or the other .
It could be both .
But I suspect there ’s a lot more analytic power in # 2 than in # 1 .
Here ’s the thing .
One of the arguments against the proposition that government policy has a big influence over increasing income inequality is , in Brad DeLong ’s words , “ that the shifts in income inequality seem to me to be too big to be associated with anything the government does or did . ”
And if you ’re assuming # 1 , that ’s probably correct .
Government policies simply do n’t seem to have a big enough direct impact on the pretax income of high earners to explain the vast shift we ’ve seen over the past few decades .
What ’s more , the middle class is big .
If there were significant pressure to keep middle class incomes rising in line with economic growth , it would take titanic amounts of government action to swim against that tide and direct the money instead to the rich .
It ’s nearly impossible to see a mechanism that could allow this to happen .
But ?
government policies that affect # 2 seem far more plausible .
For example : Appoint members to the Federal Reserve who are obsessed with inflation and act to cool down the economy at the least sign that average hourly wages are rising .
Make it harder to form unions in new industries , thus reducing the bargaining power of the working class .
Support free trade agreements that put downward wage pressure on low - income workers .
Support tax and deregulation policies that make middle class jobs less secure .
This seems far more likely to account for most of what ’s happening .
If you can maintain pressure on median wages , the rest happens automatically .
After all , the income from economic growth has to go somewhere , and if it ’s not going to the middle class it ’s going to end up going to the rich .
Where else can it go ?
Now , there ’s certainly no reason to reduce marginal tax rates on the hyper rich in an effort to make inequality even worse than it otherwise would be .
But as unjustified as this is , tax cuts are n’t the main issue .
Median wages are .
Focus government policy like a laser on improving the wages of the middle class , and reductions in income inequality will follow .
Angle Brackets and Curly Braces
Code Generation : The Real Lesson of Rails
by Bill Venners
March 16 , 2006
Summary
In an article introducing Ruby on Rails ' Active Record , Bruce Tate suggests that Java could enjoy some of the benefits of Rails by taking a wrapping rather than a mapping approach to persistence .
I think this misses the point .
What Rails really demonstrates is the benefit of code generation .
Advertisement
Bruce Tate has written an article , " Crossing borders : Exploring Active Record " published on IBM DeveloperWorks ( see Resources ) , which introduces Active Record , the persistence layer of Ruby on Rails .
In this article Tate compares Active Record 's approach to Hibernate and JDO 's approach by distinguishing " wrapping " from " mapping . "
He says :
In Hibernate , you 'd usually begin development by working on your Java objects because Hibernate is a mapping framework .
The object model becomes the center of your Hibernate universe .
Active Record is a wrapping framework , so you start by creating a database table .
The relational schema is the center of your Active Record universe .
Tate then provides a nice example introducing Active Record , and suggests :
The Java platform already boasts state - of - the - art mapping frameworks , but I now believe that it needs a groundbreaking wrapping framework .
Active Record relies on language capabilities to extend Rails classes on the fly .
A Java framework could possibly simulate some of what Active Record offers , but creating something like Active Record would be challenging , possibly breaking three existing Java conventions :
A persistence solution should work only on a Java POJO ( plain old Java object ) .
First and foremost , it would be difficult to create properties based on the contents of a database .
A domain object might have a different API .
Instead of calling person.
get_name to set a property , you might use person.
get ( name ) instead .
At the cost of static type checking , you 'd get a class built of metadata driven from a database .
First and foremost , it would be difficult to create properties based on the contents of a database .
A domain object might have a different API .
Instead of calling person.
get_name to set a property , you might use person.
get ( name ) instead .
At the cost of static type checking , you 'd get a class built of metadata driven from a database .
A persistence solution should express configuration in XML or annotations .
Rails bucks this trend through forcing naming conventions with meaningful defaults , saving the user an incredible amount of repetition .
The cost is not great because you can override defaults as needed with additional configuration code .
Java frameworks could easily adopt the Rails convention - over - configuration paradigm .
Rails bucks this trend through forcing naming conventions with meaningful defaults , saving the user an incredible amount of repetition .
The cost is not great because you can override defaults as needed with additional configuration code .
Java frameworks could easily adopt the Rails convention - over - configuration paradigm .
Schema migrations should be driven from the persistent domain model .
Rails bucks this convention with migrations .
The core benefit is the migration of both data and schema .
Migrations also allow Rails to break the dependence on a relational database vendor .
And the Rails strategy decouples the persistence strategy from the issue of schema migrations .
In each of these cases , Rails breaks long - standing conventions that Java framework designers have often held as sacred .
Rails starts with a working schema and reflects on the schema to construct a model object .
A Java wrapping framework might not take the same approach .
Instead , to take advantage of Java 's support for static typing ( and the advantages of tools that recognize those types and provide features such as code completion ) , a Java framework would start with a working model and use Java 's reflection and the excellent JDBC API to dynamically force that model out to the database .
The Real Lesson of Rails
My observation is that the main technique Rails uses to improve developer productivity is code generation , even though Ruby 's dynamic nature makes the code generation less obvious .
The technique is also called metaprogramming , which simply means writing programs that write programs .
Nevertheless , code generation is an old technique , and one I 've used several times throughout my career to improve productivity .
For example , back in the late 1980s I was working on a project in C that used a proprietary API to send SQL to an Informix database .
There was one C file that we used as a layer between our application and the database .
That C file defined C structures for each table , and functions that used SQL to store and retrieve those structures to and from the database .
We updated our database schema every time we did a new release , which was around twice a year .
So twice a year I found myself editing the SQL schema file that created the tables and also editing that C file that served as the layer .
It dawned on me that all the information needed to generate the C file was contained in the SQL schema file , so I wrote a Yacc / Lex program that parsed the SQL schema file and generated the C file ( i.e. , it generated the database layer for our application ) .
We used this generator again and again over subsequent years , and was in retrospect a good investment .
It saved us time , because it made the changes to the C file , and once I got the bugs out of the generator , the generator never made a mistake .
That old Yacc / Lex program demonstrated what Bruce Tate would refer to as a " wrapping " approach , because the C structures were based on the database schema .
However , to me what is important is simply that I 'm expressing my intention in one place , and using a tool to generate other pieces of my system that can be determined from that one specification .
In the case of my Yacc / Lex tool , the specification was the SQL file that contained all the create table commands that defined our database schema .
Another place to express intent is in a Domain Specific Language ( DSL ) or " little language . "
In our new architecture at Artima , for example , as one step of our build we generate Java code from little programs we write in DSLs we created using JavaCC .
We generate major portions of our controllers and entity layer that way .
It minimizes the amount of code we write , because we express our controllers and entities in a concise DSL , and once we get the generator working , it never makes a mistake when writing the Java code .
In the case of entities , we use Hibernate to do O/R mapping .
Our entity generator creates POJOs , manager classes that have CRUD and other persistence methods , Hibernate XML mapping files , database triggers , and some SQL that generates database sequences .
We use Hibernate 's SchemaUpdate tool to actually synchronize the database so it matches the schema we indirectly specify in our DSL scripts .
Static versus Dynamic Code Generation
Ruby 's dynamic features make Active Record look a bit different than what I 've done in the past with code generation in C , C++ , and Java .
In Rails , code is effectively generated at runtime rather than pre-compile time .
One thing we do in our controller generator , for example , is pull out the request parameters and put them in instance variables .
This saves us time because we never have to write code to extract the parameters , they are already in instance variables that we can just use from our controllers .
Rails does a similar thing by adding an instance variable to the controller dynamically for each request , and initializing it with the parameter 's value .
Rails does this dynamically to each controller object it creates to handle a request , after the request comes in .
One difference between static and dynamic code generation for the developer is that in the Rails case , you do n't have to wait for static code generation before trying a change , and you do n't have to look at the generated code .
In my opinion , Rails applications feel like they require so much less code in great part because the generated code is hidden ( but also because Ruby is concise in general ) .
In our case at Artima , we see lots of generated . java files lying around in the midst of our project .
On the other hand , we generate nice JavaDoc comments with our generated code , and so we get nice API documentation to look at if we want .
If there 's a problem or a question , we can go look at the generated code too .
In Rails , it is just kind of magic .
That makes it feel very lightweight , but if you ever encounter a problem with that magic , it might be more painful to solve it .
The other main difference for the developer is that static code generation is not part of the build cycle in Rails .
This is a two - edged sword , though , because when doing the example programs in Rails at least , everything is quite fast .
I make a change , I go to the browser and immediately try it .
( Doing simple examples is as far as I 've gotten with Rails . )
As the number of database tables grows , there may be some perceptible lag time each iteration waiting for all the dynamic code generation to take place .
To me the important lesson for the Java community to take away from Rails is that you should consider using code generation where appropriate .
I think doing code generation is something you have to be careful about , however .
If you make a code generator , then you have to pay time up front building the generator , and you have to support the generator thereafter .
It makes sense when you 're going to get a good payback , which means you 'll be using it regularly .
It also helps if you can use an existing tool to generate code .
For example , you could use Ruby on Rails .
Or , you could use existing Hibernate tools to reverse engineer mapping files and POJOs from existing database schemas .
A database layer is often a good candidate for code generation , because these layers need to be updated whenever the database schema changes .
If you only need to do something once , then writing a code generator is probably a bad idea .
And even if you think you 'll be doing this over and over , until you 've done it several times by hand you probably do n't know enough to automate .
In our current architecture effort , we probably built about a dozen controllers by hand , and a dozen entities , before we felt we knew enough to automate .
I think programmers often do n't like code generators that come from the outside , because like any framework they will often only take you 90 % of the way you need to go .
After that you start fighting the framework , which in a code generator often means you want to tweak the generated code .
But that usually defeats the purpose of the code generator , which is to give you huge leverage .
An exception are things like the scaffold generation in Rails , which is intended to just be a quick start that you edit and carry forward .
Our in - house code generators are the kind where we are n't supposed to touch the generated code , and we solve the 90 % problem because when we need to change the generated code , we change the code generator ( since we wrote it , we can change it ) .
I think dynamic languages like Ruby and Python , because they make metaprogramming easy , push people in this direction of writing software that creates software , and that 's a great thing .
However , I think that with tools like JavaCC and ANTLR , it is relatively easy to define a code generator for Java .
Authors of Java frameworks could use this technique , or you can use it yourself on individual projects .
If you find yourself frustrated doing repetive programming tasks in Java , the problem may not be with Java but with how you are using it .
That frustration could be a signal that you should consider adding some automation via code generation .
Resources
Bruce Tate 's IBM DeveloperWorks article is entitled , " Crossing borders : Exploring Active Record "
http://www-128.ibm.com/developerworks/java/library/j-cb03076/
Active Record documentation :
http://api.rubyonrails.com/classes/ActiveRecord/Base.html
Wikipedia on metaprogramming :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metaprogramming_(programming)
Wikipedia on metaprogramming :
https://javacc.dev.java.net/
Hibernate is a popular object / relational mapping framework for Java :
http://hibernate.org
JavaCC is a parser generator for Java :
https://javacc.dev.java.net/
ANTLR is a parser generator written by Terrence Parr :
http://www.antlr.org/
SchemaUpdate is the tool we use to synchronize our database schema with our generated Hibernate mapping files in Artima 's new architecture :
http://www.hibernate.org/hib_docs/v3/api/org/hibernate/tool/hbm2ddl/SchemaUpdate.html
Eric Gamma talked about the dangers of building and using frameworks , which he called " frameworkitis , " in this interview :
http://www.artima.com/lejava/articles/reuse3.html
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 42 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Bill Venners adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Bill Venners is president of Artima , Inc. , publisher of Artima Developer ( www.artima.com).
He is author of the book , Inside the Java Virtual Machine , a programmer - oriented survey of the Java platform 's architecture and internals .
His popular columns in JavaWorld magazine covered Java internals , object - oriented design , and Jini .
Active in the Jini Community since its inception , Bill led the Jini Community 's ServiceUI project , whose ServiceUI API became the de facto standard way to associate user interfaces to Jini services .
Bill is also the lead developer and designer of ScalaTest , an open source testing tool for Scala and Java developers , and coauthor with Martin Odersky and Lex Spoon of the book , Programming in Scala .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2006 Bill Venners .
All rights reserved .
What is simple code ?
Everyone has a different definition but I think we can draw some universal distinctions .
I was thinking of this the other day when I read a nice LtU post about complexity .
It had a couple of semantically equivalent code examples .
I 'm going to pull them over here to make a point .
Here 's low simplicity ( in C++ ) :
float * miles_to_kilometers ( float * mile_list , int length ) {
float * kilo_list = new float [ length ] ;
for ( int i = 0 ; i < length ; i++ ) {
kilo_list [ i ] = mile_list [ i ] * 1.61 ;
}
return kilo_list ;
}
Higher simplicity ( in Perl ) :
sub miles_to_kilometers {
my @result = map { $ _ * 1.61 } @ {$ _ [ 0 ] } ;
return @result ;
}
And extremely high simplicity ( in Haskell ) :
milesToKilometers = map ( * 1.61 )
Low simplicity is characterized by the use of widely understood constructs .
A first year CS student would have no trouble understanding the C++ example .
The Perl example is uses a higher level abstraction , map , so it 's relatively opaque if you do n't know what a map is , but once you do , you can appreciate the simplicity .
The Haskell version .. well what can I say about Haskell ?
It 's a profoundly elegant language but it 's opaque if you do n't have the requisite understanding .
The Haskell version uses a functional language style called " point free " programming .
It defines a function called milesToKilometers that accepts a list and applies map to it with an anonymous function that multiplies each element by 1.6 .
If you 're wondering where the list is in the definition , do n't .
It 's not there .
The Haskell type system is advanced enough to infer types for you , so you can leave off the list argument .
The compiler knows that milesToKilometers can accept a list because map accepts one .
Bewildering ?
Yes , but it 's also simple -- once you understand it .
That 's the difference between low simplicity and high simplicity -- you have to work to understand high simplicity .
But , high simplicity is n't defined just by the amount of work you have to do .
If it was , all of the crufty code that we 've ever scratched our heads over would be simple .
We know that 's not the case .
You have high simplicity when you can take something away from that work .. something that makes the next thing you encounter easier to understand .
The map pattern is one of these things , and point - free programming is another .
Languages will differ in their support for these constructions but there 's a lot of value in knowing them , regardless of what language you use .
High simplicity is concise , and it rides on top of simple well - defined abstractions .
Do you need to access your computer when you ’re gone ?
Is it a pain trying to help someone with their computer problems when they live hours away ?
CrossLoop aims to solve that issue by letting you painlessly connect to the other person ’s computer using a program that takes just seconds to install .
There are n’t any configuration options like you would expect so there is little chance for error .
There are two tabs in the program , one for connecting to a computer and one that provides the information necessary for someone to connect to your computer .
In order to connect to a computer you will need a 12 - digit access code which can be located on the “ Host ” tab .
I love how the access code works .
Every time you start the program it retrieves a new access code so that you can give the code to a friend to help you and then after they are done you ’ll just have to restart the program .
After the program restarts or shuts down it will generate a new code so that it can only be connected to by those people who have the updated access code .
That is the reason why I took the screenshot above without blurring my access code .
CrossLoop encrypts all of the files and messages that are transferred using 128 - bit Blowfish encryption technology .
For that reason your data will be safe which is one of the most important things for me when remotely connecting to computers .
If you ’re looking to connect to your own machine when you ’re away from home then you may find LogMeIn to be a better solution .
I actually just had a real situation that I needed to use this in .
I had the person download and install the program and I was connected in less than 3 minutes from the time I told them to download it .
This is absolutely amazing !
Keith delivers another powerful special comment .
This time it is about tomorrow 's elections .
Download - WMV Download - QT
( Both should be working now )
" And so we look at the verdict in the trial of Saddam Hussein yesterday , and , with the very phrase ' October , or November , Surprise ' now a part of our vernacular , and the chest - thumping coming from so many of the Republican campaigners today , each of us must wonder about the convenience of the timing of his conviction and sentencing . "
Transcript below the fold
And finally tonight , a Special Comment about tomorrow 's elections .
We are , as every generation , inseparable from our own time .
Thus is our perspective , inevitably that of the explorer looking into the wrong end of the telescope .
But even accounting for our myopia , it 's hard to imagine there have been many elections more important than this one , certainly not in Non-Presidential years .
And so we look at the verdict in the trial of Saddam Hussein yesterday , and , with the very phrase " October , or November , Surprise " now a part of our vernacular , and the chest - thumping coming from so many of the Republican campaigners today , each of us must wonder about the convenience of the timing of his conviction and sentencing .
But let us give history and coincidence the benefit of the doubt -- let 's say it 's just " happened " that way -- and for a moment not look into the wrong end of the telescope .
Let 's perceive instead the bigger picture :
Saddam Hussein , found guilty in an Iraqi court .
Who can argue against that ?
He is officially , what the world always knew he was : a war criminal .
Mr. Bush , was this imprimatur , worth the cost of 2,832 American lives , and thousands more American lives yet to be lost ?
Is the conviction of Saddam Hussein the reason you went to war in Iraq ?
Or did you go to war in Iraq because of the Weapons of Mass Destruction that did not exist ?
Or did you go to war in Iraq because of the connection between Iraq and Al Qaeda that did not exist ?
Or did you go to war in Iraq to break the bonds of tyranny there -- while installing the mechanisms of tyranny here ?
Or did you go to war in Iraq because you felt the need to wreak vengeance against somebody -- anybody ?
Or did you go to war in Iraq to contain a rogue state which , months earlier , your own administration had declared had been fully contained by sanctions ?
Or did you go to war in Iraq ... to keep gas prices down ?
How startling it was , Sir , to hear you introduce oil to your stump speeches over the weekend .
Not four years removed from the most dismissive , the most condescending , the most ridiculing denials of the very hint at , as Mr. Rumsfeld put it , this " nonsense " ...
There you were , campaigning in Colorado , in Nebraska , in Florida , in Kansas -- suddenly turning this ' unpatriotic idea ' ... into a platform plank .
" You can imagine a world in which these extremists and radicals got control of energy resources , " you told us .
" And then you can imagine them saying , ' We 're going to pull a bunch of oil off the market to run your price of oil up unless you do the following . "
Having frightened us , having bullied us , having lied to us , having ignored and re-written the constitution under our noses , having stayed the course , having denied you 've stayed the course , having belittled us about " timelines " but instead extolled " benchmarks " ...
You 've now resorted , Sir , to this ?
We must stay in Iraq to save the two - dollar gallon of gas ?
---
Mr. President , there is no other conclusion we can draw as we go to the polls tomorrow .
Sir ... you have been making this up as you went along .
This country was founded to prevent anybody from making it up as they went along .
Those vaunted founding fathers of ours have been so quoted - up , that they appear as marble statues : like the chiseled guards of China , or the faces on Mount Rushmore .
But in fact they were practical people and the thing they obviously feared most , was a government of men and not laws .
They provided the checks and balances for a reason .
No one man could run the government the way he saw fit -- unless he , at the least , took into consideration what those he governed saw .
A House of Representatives would be the people 's eyes .
A Senate would be the corrective force on that House .
An Executive would do the work ... and hold the Constitution to his chest like his child .
A Supreme Court would oversee it all .
Checks and balances .
Where did that go , Mr. Bush ?
And what price did we pay because we have let it go ?
Saddam Hussein will get out of Iraq the same way 2,832 Americans have , and thousands more .
He 'll get out faster than we will .
And if nothing changes tomorrow , you , Sir , will be out of the White House long before the rest of us can say ... we are out of Iraq .
And whose fault is this ?
Not truly yours .
You took advantage of those of us who were afraid , and those of us who believed unity and nation took precedence over all else .
But we let you take that advantage .
And so we let you go to war in Iraq .
To ... oust Saddam .
Or find non-existant Weapons .
Or avenge 9/11 .
Or fight terrorists who only got there after we did .
Or as cover to change the fabric of our Constitution .
Or for lower prices at The Texaco .
Or ... ?
There are still a few hours left , before the polls open , sir , there are many rationalizations still untried .
And whatever your motives of the moment , we the people have , in true good faith and with the genuine patriotism of self - sacrifice ( of which you have shown you know nothing ) ... we have let you go on ...
Making it up .
As you went along .
Un-checked ... and un-balanced .
Vote .
I love that I now have an Amazon S3 billing page that reads like a really cheap phone or water bill .
I think that they ’re silently changing the game ( again ) without telling anyone else .
I really like the implications of this magepiebrain post and decided to start using S3 “ for real ” myself last night .
The first ingredient was James Clarke ’s flickr.py .
Getting a list of my photos is pretty simple :
import flickr
me = flickr.people_findByUsername(" postneo " )
photos = flickr.people_getPublicPhotos(me.id)
The second ingredient for getting the job done was a pythonic wrapper around the Amazon example python libraries by Mitch Garnaat called BitBucket .
Because it builds on the example libraries , there ’s very little error checking , so be careful .
Check out Mitch ’s site for some example BitBucket usage , it ’s pretty slick .
Once I was familiar with both libraries , I put together a little script that finds all of my photos and uploads the original quality image to S3 , using the flickr photo ID as the key .
Here ’s the complete code for flickrbackup.py , all 25 lines of it .
After uploading 160 or so photos to Amazon , I owe them about a penny .
Getting photos back out is really easy too :
The pirates of the world have fired another salvo in their ongoing war with copy protection schemes with the first release of the first full - resolution rip of an HD DVD movie on BitTorrent .
The movie , Serenity , was made available as a .EVO file and is playable on most DVD playback software packages such as PowerDVD .
The file was encoded in MPEG - 4 VC - 1 and the resulting file size was a hefty 19.6 GB .
This release follows the announcement , less than a month ago , that the copy protection on HD DVD had been bypassed by an anonymous programmer known only as Muslix64 .
The open - source program to implement this was called BackupHDDVD and was released in a manner designed to put the onus of cracking on the user , not the software .
To extract an unencrypted copy of the HD DVD source material required obtaining that disc 's volume or title key separately , which the software did not do .
However , a key was later released on the Internet , and a method for extracting further keys is allegedly available as well .
Now that the genie is out of the lamp , so to speak , what will the reaction be from the content industry ?
CyberLink , the makers of PowerDVD playback software , have already stated that the title keys were not obtained through their software , although this has yet to be conclusively proven .
As for the content providers themselves , they have already said that they reserve the right to invalidate known pirated keys in the future .
But to be of any use , they 'll first need to determine which software application is responsible for giving up the volume keys .
If it is something like PowerDVD , future titles can require that the user upgrade their software in order to play discs — this can be made to happen automatically when new discs are first inserted .
Muslix64 and others involved in BackupHDDVD are deliberately not exposing the actual method by which the keys have been obtained .
This is partly to protect themselves from legal repercussions , but also to ensure that whatever " hole " that is being exploited remains unpatched .
In the ongoing war between the pirates and the content providers , the pirates appear to be winning , but who knows who will get caught in the crossfire ?
Diligence - Diligent developers take ownership of their work without being possessive .
Diligent programmers fix broken windows .
Humility - Humble developers take pride in their code , but do n’t snub constructive criticism .
Humble developers know they can always improve themselves .
Patience - Patient developers remain calm during times of stress , and do n't surrender to the temptations of a quick fix .
Patient developers have the endurance to carry a product across the finish line .
Liberality - Broad - minded developers base their decisions on proofs and particulars instead of preconceptions and prejudices .
Broad - minded developers listen to the other side and attempt understanding .
Creativeness - Creative developers find a way around the brick wall in front of them , and do so without creating a mess .
Creative developers find the elegant solution to a difficult problem .
Adaptability - Adaptable developers have the ability and willingness to learn new skills and accept new responsibilities .
Adaptable developers continue to grow .
Resilience - Resilient developers bounce back from boneheaded bugs and bursting dotcom bubbles to code again another day .
Resilient developers appreciate failure as the upward slope of the learning curve .
Eric Gunnerson 's " Seven Deadly Sins of Programming " ( and others ) inspired this post .
I still have to work on 6 or 7 of these .
Premise
Everybody Loves Eric Raymond is a web comic depicting the very real lives of Richard Stallman , Eric Raymond and Linus Torvalds as accurately as comedically possible .
Their real lives , which include living together in a house , with dynamic dimensions , without their wives or girlfriends .
Also , they always wear the same clothes .
And do n’t move their eyes much .
Development
ELER was created by John Leach and is co-written by Louisa Parry with help from friends and random strangers ( via the wiki ) .
Regular contributors include Gianni Tedesco , Roel Teuwen and Jim Thompson .
It ’s created and published weekly , using only free software .
Feedback is always appreciated , whether by email or by the “ comments ” link on each strip .
Feel free to send in Eric , Richard or Linus photos for use as heads .
All ELER script development takes place on the wiki .
If you ’d like to contribute , sign up for an account and start adding ideas or comments .
As of May 2006 , the Gimp and Inkscape source files for each strip are available .
See the SourceCode page at the wiki .
License
Everybody Loves Eric Raymond is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike 2.5 License .
Some of the photos of the heads are of unknown origin and therefore unknown license , so be careful .
If any of the photos belong to you and you would like to grant me permission ( or want me to stop using them ) then get in touch .
When attributing the work , just link back to here http://geekz.co.uk/lovesraymond/.
Although officials have been reluctant to give out detailed information so soon after the raid , the foreign secretary did say that it took place early today and that " mercifully , no shots were fired " .
The Ministry of Defence also confirmed that British troops had played a " prominent role " in the rescue operation , which took place in western Baghdad .
John Reid , the defence secretary , said the operation , " spearheaded by British troops " had been " several weeks " in the planning .
Both departments stressed that it was a multinational team that secured the release of the peace activists , and that it included Iraqi civilians .
It is a moot point as to whether Iraqis may be more willing to work with the coalition despite or because of the growing sectarian violence .
But it is nevertheless significant , since without good information about where the hostages are being held , it is impossible to mount a rescue .
At a US military briefing in Baghdad , General Rick Lynch said two people were arrested yesterday who provided the location of the hostages .
He said the information was received around 8 am today ( 0500 GMT ) and the operation mounted .
The three hostages were found bound and together in the same building and no kidnappers were there at the time .
" The key point is that the operation was intelligence - led and the information was provided by a detainee , " he said .
Defence experts said it was likely that Iraqi and American forces had played an important role in pinpointing the strike location before handing over to the SAS to carry out the raid .
The British special forces are understood to have a permanent base to the north of Baghdad and have been on constant standby .
" The hardest part of a mission is gathering the information and making sure you have the right place and the right person , " said Robin Horsfall , a former SAS soldier who took part in the storming of the Iranian embassy in London in 1980 .
" The most dangerous part is going in to get them but that is not the hardest bit .
Clearly they got very accurate information and did a good job , " he told Sky News .
" From the limited information that we have it looks like they made an assault on a building .
They have made a clean and clinical operation .
The fact that we have live hostages and it appears there have been no casualties is testament to that .
Andy McNab , who served with the SAS in the first Iraq war , said it appeared today 's operation had been " flawless " .
" The key to these operations is the information .
Once a target has been identified , the commander would have started to form a plan and could well have sent in covert operators to check out the area .
You need to know the detail , like , is the front door made of wood or metal , so you can work out the equipment needed to get in . "
He told Sky News that although it was a multi-national operation , there would not have been British forces going in on one floor and Americans on another .
He said they would have been allocated different roles within the operation with the Iraqis likely to have been guarding an outer cordon to prevent people entering or kidnappers escaping .
A military operation to free captives is a first for the release of hostages in Iraq .
Other high profile releases after a prolonged captivity - such as those of the Italian aid workers Simona Torretta and Simona Pari - have often come amid claims that ransom payments were made .
But the disastrous raids by Russian security services in Moscow in 2002 and in Beslan in 2004 , when scores of hostages were killed , show the inherent risks of mounting a special forces operation .
Mr Horsfall said the SAS had been able to maintain its high standards through taking the best personnel from various branches of the armed services .
" Its compact size means it has been able to keep very high standards , " Mr Horsfall said .
" You have to have served for at least three years before you can volunteer .
Only around 10 % of those then pass the training .
Their average age is probably 27 - 31 .
They have a very high fitness level but also are intelligent .
They may have foreign languages or experience with medicines .
They are at the very peak of professionalism . "
The SAS , or Special Air Services regiment , was formed during the second world war .
Early missions involved raiding German camps in Egypt and parachuting into occupied France to destroy bridges and prevent Nazi forces redeploying to counter the Allied landings .
Its most famous mission was probably the storming of the Iranian embassy in London in 1980 when , in front of the world 's press , troopers abseiled into the building and rescued nearly two dozen hostages .
A video of a launch of Russian Strategic Missile that can carry a nuclear charge , made at night .
It takes only a few seconds to arm and launch 60 feet tall ballistic missile .
This type of missile is also can be used to deliver satellites to space .
Summary : A website 's tagline must explain what the company does and what makes it unique among competitors .
Two questions can help you assess your own tagline :
Would it work just as well for competitors ?
Would any company ever claim the opposite ?
Well - designed B2C sites can easily explain their products and services in text that is short enough that users will actually read it online .
AutoTrader.com , for example , tells us to " Search the largest inventory of cars and trucks on the Internet .
More than 1.5 million listings , updated daily . "
Given this information , most people can figure out what the site does .
Relative to B2C , most B2B sites sell products or services that are much more complex and have less connection to everyday experience .
Summarizing a website 's purpose is thus much harder in B2B than in B2C .
That 's why they pay copywriters the big bucks , or so you would think .
On closer examination , it seems that most sites pay their copywriters to obscure the site 's purpose rather than state it clearly .
Obscurity in action
Here are the taglines from four websites : Angara , Calico , CSG Systems , and E.piphany :
Creating customers online
e Business for leaders : Enabling corporations to control the key elements of eBusiness selling
Harness the power of convergence with ( company 's name )
Software for the customer economy : next - generation CRM software
Can you match the taglines with the company they describe ?
Can you tell which company does what ?
Is there a difference between these companies ?
Do you care ?
Regarding the first question : I listed the taglines in the same order as I listed the companies above them .
But the real point here , as you no doubt discovered , is that these taglines are basically content - free word count .
They do nothing more than clutter up their respective home pages .
Getting it ( half ) right
I collected the above taglines a few months ago .
As I prepared to write this column , I revisited the sites and found that CSG Systems had dropped the tagline " Harness the power of convergence . "
The company is now wisely willing to tell us what they actually sell : " customer care and billing solutions . "
Much more specific , and thus more likely to harness the attention of stressed - out business executives looking at the homepage in search of products .
The new CSG Systems website actually does several things right .
The home page is reasonably simple , despite an annoying Flash animation that will likely distract visitors .
The main text looks like it 's written based on my guidelines for online content :
Short paragraphs , scannable layout , a bulleted list :
CSG Systems , Inc. is a world - leading provider of customer care and billing solutions for the convergent communications industry -- voice , video , and data .
Our solutions are : Scaleable and Robust
Modular and Integrated
Efficient and Cost - effective
Unfortunately , when you read the words , you realize that the company is still paying copywriters to avoid communicating with prospective customers .
Note how the " solutions " are robust , integrated , efficient , and cost - effective .
As opposed to what ?
A product that was buggy , fragmented , inefficient , and expensive ?
Given that a website would never advertise such a product , stating the opposite has zero informative value .
Tagline guidelines
Users decide quickly whether to stay or leave a site .
To assess whether your homepage communicates effectively to visitors in the crucial first 10 seconds , follow two simple guidelines .
First , collect the taglines from your own site and your three strongest competitors .
Print them in a bulleted list without identifying the company names .
Ask yourself whether you can tell which company does what .
More important , ask a handful of people outside your company the same question .
.
More important , ask a handful of people outside your company the same question .
Second , look at how you present the company in the main copy on the home page .
Rewrite the text to say exactly the opposite .
Would any company ever say that ?
If not , you 're not saying much with your copy , either .
When I 'm attempting to build a shortlist of potential vendors , the experience of looking at home pages reminds me of the frustration I usually feel walking a tradeshow floor .
I recently attended an intranet conference that had booths from at least 20 different search engine providers .
I simply could not tell the difference between these companies .
Who did what ?
Which technologies would make sense for which type of problem ?
Which products would fit the budget for which projects ?
The booths were essentially random designs .
While they clearly cost huge amounts of money , they failed to communicate anything distinct to a tired tradeshow visitor pacing up and down the aisles .
Think about your home page as analogous to a tradeshow booth .
Why do you stop at some booths and skip others ?
And , no : having a live magician is not the answer for your home page .
Clearly saying what you do and why users should care is the way to go .
Jessica Simpson was seen at Kitson ALONE .
We are a huge fan of retail therapy and we know Jess is too but she usually brings along her trusty sidekick Ken .
Apparently she is starting to feel lonely .
Maybe it 's because all her friends are hired staff and even CaCee has been removed from her payroll .
The Scoop reports :
Sure sounds that way , sources say .
The former â€ œNewlywedsâ€ ?
star is â€œstruggling with loneliness , â€ ?
according to Life & Style Weekly .
â€ œIâ€™m tired of being alone , â€ ?
Simpson told a friend , according to the mag .
â€ œI have no one to come home to , no one to call at the end of the night .
Iâ€™m traveling all over the place by myself .
When I was with Nick , I had someone who understood what I was going through.â€ ?
Friends are urging her to get back together with Lachey , and Simpson , when she heard that his TV pilot â€ œShe Said , He Saidâ€ ?
wouldnâ€™t be picked up , reportedly sent him an orchid and a basket of his favorite pinwheel cookies .
The divorce lawyers are close to finalizing a deal , but some close to Simpson say that she hopes theyâ€™ll reconcile before the split is a done deal .
â€œIt would be explosive , â€ ? a â€œpalâ€ ?
told the mag , â€ œand theyâ€™re both attracted to fireworks .â€ ?
Does anyone feel bad for her ?
I think it 's a good time for her to be alone .
She needs to create an identity of her own for a little while .
As for her meeting of the minds with Victoria Principal , I wonder if it had anything to do with Victoria 's recent divorce announcement .
Maybe she was getting advice from Jess .
That would be a great conversation .
A bunch more pics of Jessica at Kitson shopping away and then looking shocked to be caught so read more
Source
Don Park recently made an interesting observation about how his family uses the computer :
When I observe how my wife and son uses the family computer , I can't help noticing how little use they have for the desktop .
They look bewildered when I open the Windows Explorer .
To them , file open or file save dialog is where the files go .
My Documents ?
It 's just an icon they never touch .
I 've observed the same filesystem phobia many times in many different users , including my wife .
When you observe the same problem across so many users , you have to wonder -- is n't the real problem the filesystem itself ?
Jef Raskin has a lot to say about this in The Humane Interface , starting with filenames :
File names are bothersome when you are about to save work , because you have to stop in the middle of your activity , which is trying to store your work away , and invent a file name .
Creating names is an onerous task : you are required to invent , on the spot and in a few moments , a name that is unique , memorable , and within the naming conventions of the filesystem you are using .
At that moment , the question of a file name is not your locus of attention ; preserving your work is .
File names are also a nuisance when you have to retrieve a file .
The name you thought up was probably not particularly memorable , and you probably forgot it after a few weeks ( or less ) .
I for one , can rarely remember a file name unless it is quite recent .
Even looking through lists of filenames is frustrating .
Just what is in that file labeled " notes ybn 32 " ?
The name seemed so clever and memorable when I created it .
Then , too , many files are nearly the same .
How many different , creative , readily remembered names can you think up for letters to your accountant about last year 's taxes ?
Filing them by date may be useful , but how many of us remember that the letter about the deduction for the company truck was written on August 14 ?
Raskin 's modest proposal to solve this conundrum is nothing less than the complete elimination of the filesystem :
There should be no distinction between a file name and a file .
A human mind can more effectively use a fast , whole - text search engine , so that any word or phrase from the file can serve as a key to it .
( Eventually , we'd want more : a request for " a letter about dragonflies " would [ search ] for something that had the form of a letter and looked not only for the word dragonfly but also related terms and expressions , such as Odonata -- in case dragonflies had been referred to by their scientific name -- and if no instances of such letters were found , the search would look for nonletter documents , and so forth , extending out to networked computers and the internet . )
You do not remember the content of " Letter 12/21/92 to Jim " when you see that title , but you do remember that you once wrote to Jim about the blue Edsel that ran across your eyeglasses .
A search on Edsel is likely to find only one or two entries on your whole system -- unless you are an Edsel fancier , in which case you would probably choose another pattern on which to search .
An unlimited length file name is a file .
The content of a text file is its own best name .
Raskin actually shipped products that lacked filesystems entirely in the mid 80's -- the standalone Canon Cat and the Apple //e add - in card version , the SwyftCard .
Both were critical if not popular successes :
This discussion is not theoretical : on the SwyftWare and Canon Cat products , the elimination of file names , directories , and the various mechanisms usually provided for manipulating them proved one of their most successful features .
I remember reading about the SwyftCard when I was a teenage Apple // c owner and not quite comprehending what it was , or what it did .
Like the Canon Cat , it was clearly far ahead of its time -- maybe too far ahead to sell .
If you 're curious about the LEAP interface used in both products , there 's a Windows port called " Archy " available at the Raskin Center .
Raskin is n't the only notable UI figure to have serious misgivings about the filesystem , though .
Alan Cooper derides it for an entire chapter of About Face , Rethinking Files and Save :
The implementation model of the file system runs contrary to the mental model almost all users bring to it .
Most users picture electronic files like printed documents in the real world , and they imbue them with the behavioral characteristics of these real objects .
Users visualize two salient facts about all documents :
First , there is only one document ; and second , it belongs to them .
The file system 's implementation model violates both of these rules .
There are always two copies of the document , and they both belong to the program .
Every data file , every document , and every program , while in use by the computer , exists in two places at once : on disk and in main memory .
The user , however , imagines his document as a book on a shelf .
Let 's say it is a journal .
Occasionally , it comes down off the shelf to have something added to it .
There is only one journal , and it either resides on the shelf or it resides in the user 's hands .
On the computer , the disk drive is the shelf , and main memory is the place where editing takes place , equivalent to the user 's hands .
But in the computer world , the journal does n't come off the shelf .
Instead a copy is made , and that copy is what resides in computer memory .
As the user makes changes , he is actually making changes to the copy in memory , while the original remains untouched on disk .
When the user is done and closes the document , the program is faced with a decision : whether to replace the original on disk with the changed copy from memory , or to discard the altered copy .
From the programmer 's point of view , equally concerned with all possibilities , this choice could go either way .
From the software 's implementation model point of view , the choice is the same either way .
However , from the user 's point of view , there is no decision to be made at all .
He just made his changes and now he is just putting the document away .
If this were happening with a paper journal in the physical world , the user would have pulled it off the shelf , penciled in some additions , and then replaced it on the shelf .
It 's as if the shelf were to speak up , asking him if he really wants to keep those changes !
Alan proposes a less radical solution than Jef : instead of doing away with the filesystem , do everything you can to hide it from the user .
This includes automatic saving with no prompts , automatic versioning , etcetera .
The end result is a rebranded File menu :
Cooper closes the chapter with a single design tip : disks are a hack , not a design feature .
We can't afford computers with 50 gigabytes of non-volatile main memory , so hard drives and filesystems are a necessity for permanent storage .
But just because us programmers are stuck with the annoying two - copy filesystem model does n't mean we have to mindlessly subject users to it , either .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
One down .
Only 1,791,941 to go
One of the reasons the government launched its petitions website was , apparently , to easily engage with people who joined online protests .
When people brought their paper petitions to Downing Street in the traditional way , responding to each person by letter was a costly and often impossible business .
The road - charging petition is not the first to prompt an e-mailed response - dozens of others have too - but it has provided this new spirit of e-democracy with its biggest test .
THE ANSWER ...
By e-mail : £ 6,000 By post : £ 427,378.17 p* * excludes cost of letters and envelopes
So how much did it cost to press " reply all " and how much cheaper was it than sending letters ?
The cost of sending 1.8 million e-mails is about £ 6,000 , estimates Chris Lake , editor of E- consultancy.com which advises people on internet strategy .
" Last week I had lunch with someone who sends out 180,000 a week as a newsletter , which cost him £ 600 , " he says .
" That would make it £ 6,000 , but it could be much less or much more .
Plus there are the resources to craft it and put it together . "
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A regular feature in the BBC News Magazine - aiming to answer some of the questions behind the headlines
There are lots of variables so we can't be sure , he says .
Costs vary according to internet service supplier and may be wrapped up in an annual deal rather than a one - off cost .
It also depends on the size of the e-mail .
The e-mail by Tony Blair was 1,273 words with no pictures , weighing in at a relatively light 24kb .
" It 's cheaper to send e-mails now than it was five years ago , " says Mr Lake .
" The market has had a lot of new suppliers - arguably it has too many suppliers - and that has forced a downward pressure on prices .
" Suppliers instead make their money through consultancies and helping with content . "
Although sending e-mails is free for most domestic use , the platforms used by people at home have a limit on the number allowed , so a special e-mail provider would be required for a task of this size .
To get round this , spammers have their own hardware or hack into other servers .
Stamps
A spokesman for mySociety , the non-aligned organisation which created the petitions website after being approached by Downing Street , said the cost of sending the e-mails had not been calculated but the exercise as a whole cost £ 25,000 plus VAT .
Mr Blair 's emails were sent from multiple servers to ease the time waiting for an answer from the receiving mail servers and lessen the impact if any server crashed .
Other technical considerations included :
• making sure not to be accidentally blacklisted by internet service providers
• coping with the e-mails that bounced back , the number of which has yet to be worked out , and
• making sure those who opted out of the mailing did not receive an e-mail
' This could take a while , sir '
How much would it have cost to do it the old - fashioned way , by letter ?
Sending 1,791,942 letters to arrive the next day would have cost £ 537,582.60 in postage alone , before estimating the cost of the paper , envelopes and processing .
But the Royal Mail offers bulk discounts and says if 90 % of the mail was accurately postcoded then it could be done for £ 427,378.17 p , down to £ 411,250.69 p if all the mail was barcoded to speed up the sorting .
Some people have questioned what Downing Street is allowed to do with all these e-mail addresses of people who feel strongly about any given issue .
The answer is send them up to two e-mails , according to the terms and conditions published on the website : " We will only use the information you provide us for this purpose , and , unless you ask us not to , to write to you a maximum of two times about the issues raised in the petition . "
You people can't help but whine can you ?
If he had n't replied you 'd have whined , if he'd have posted on the website you 'd have whined , if he sent out letters you 'd have whined .
Get a grip on yourselves , the population of this country drive me mad with your incessant whining about everything , try and think positive about something the government has tried to do just once in your lives .
Lee Thackray , Leeds
I must be the lucky one , the PM sent mine twice , if that 's happened to me how many other received there 's twice so the cost could be more than £ 6000 ?
Nigel Humphrey , Littlehampton
I have not received an email yet despite signing the petition ( not even in Junk ) .
The claim to reply to them all was just a publicity stunt .
Even if Tony Blair had been serious , he clearly would not have read the 1.5 million replies which makes the exercise pointless .
Matt Langley , Crawley , UK
I got my email from the PM after signing the petition and I do n't understand why people complain about it really .
Thanks Tony !
Nicolas Hatton , London
Tony should have done it the old fashioned way , make a public speech .
At the end of the day , he did n't write that email and he did n't even press send .
CS Zeng , Tunbridge Wells , Kent
So there now exists an e-mail list of 1.8 million motorists who are also politically minded individuals .
I bet the Labour Party can't believe its luck !
I look forward to the cheap mail shot around election time from the Prime Ministers office , giving me an update on the progress of the Road Charging investigation along with 5 paragraphs also telling me what a great job the Labour Party has done in a whole range of unrelated activities .
Dave , Shropshire , England
I run an internet marketing company with servers in Canada , USA , and Thailand .
To send an opt - in email campaign such as this would cost £ 175 but you would still get 30 - 40 % bounce back .
The reason many people have not received their emails is because the free email providers ( who account for about half of all UK email addresses ) have decided that anything from somebody who is not in your address book is automatically SPAM , and delete it without even consulting you - even if you have opted in !
I would recommend everybody get a proper email address from a reputable ISP , imagine how many emails you are missing !
Tim Jones , Thailand ( ex Plymouth )
Where 's my email , i did n't get one either !!!!!
Perhaps they are hiding the real numbers ?
may be more than they are telling us ?
Dave Garner , Bedford
Dave , Hello -
Is anyone home ?
Personal users are limited to the number of e-mails you can send in one go and then there is a time delay .
Free e-mails for personal use are subsidised by big business , how long exactly would it take you to type 1.8 m names from your PC with a time delay per 100 ?
Have fun .
Cityboy , London
6000 pounds for sending that many emails is a gross exaggeration ; even factoring the time needed to write an email - sending script and run it , the cost should not top around 100 pounds .
Selecting who to email and who not to email is also trivial ; just keep the data in a database , and run a correctly - structured query against it , possibly on the same box you run the sender script on .
Granted , you need a load - balanced farm of email servers , but you 'd expect the government to have one of those already ; ditto a means of coping with a lot of bounce messages since they are highly likely to be mailbombed on a regular basis already , and should have the infrastructure in place to cope with such foolery already .
Dr Dan H. , Manchester , UK
I do n't understand why so many people use a method like this to seek a dialogue with the PM and then automatically assume the response is junk .
Do you expect him to take you seriously in future ?
Dave Elton , Cheltenham , UK
Great to see he emailed everyone .
Jack , Nottingham , UK
If you are a member of a reputable emailing company you can send that many emails for approximately £ 200 .
Simon , Brough
The government should be applauded for saving the taxpayers millions and pioneering a new way to involve the people in government .
The Internet is tailor made for this kind of mass opinion spouting .
Philip Knight , London
I signed a petition on another subject and got an interesting reply detailing government policy and explaining the thinking behind it .
I did n't quite agree with it all , but I thought the system worked well and the e petition idea is a good one .
Peter Underwood ,
Why did n't the PM just put his reply on the website where everyone could have read it , this would have cost nothing , but a few minutes of someone 's time to type and upload .
Most people will just delete it anyway .
Caron Pittam , Irvine Ayrshire
How many trees would you have to slaughter to produce 1.8 million letters , envelopes and stamps ?
A Corn , A field near London
Saying that this is an example of the government reducing expenditure is like rationalising the purchase of a pair of designer boots in a sale - they may have been marked down from £ 550 to £ 199 , but you have n't saved £ 350 by buying them .
Were it not for the site then the petition would never have collected so many signatures in the first place .
Still , it 's heartening to see so many people willing to participate in the democratic process if all they have to do is click a mouse ; Emmeline Pankhurst must be turning in her grave .
Graeme Mulvaney , Coventry , England
Having spent a day wondering why I had n't had my email response , and happened to check my junk mail box , and there is it was , in the right place all the time !
Liz Parkinson , Stockport UK
Glad to see Mr Blair is making some effort to cut back on expenses , after all we 've had to put up with the cost of the Millennium Dome , the new Wembley and the general bureaucracy of his administration has run up at taxpayers ' expense .
Hopefully SPAM filters will take care of his e-mails !
Ged " Gedders " Lavelle , Aigburth , Liverpool
I received 2 letters from the Prime Minister last year in response to the Make Poverty History campaign card that I sent .
So too did all the other people I know who had completed these campaign cards .
At the time I thought it was a complete waste of money , and I personally would have preferred the money to be used in the spirit of the campaign rather than to write to me .
Reading this report just reinforces my opinion .
I do n't know how many people responded to the Make Poverty History campaign , but I can imagine it was more than the 1.7 million who singed this petition about road pricing , meaning £ 1 million or more was spent sending 2 letters to each of these people .
Surly this money could have been better spent ?
How about putting it towards making poverty history ?
Sarah , Manchester
On the bright side , this is the first evidence of the government reducing expenditure in a positive manner for a while !
M Fletcher , Plymouth
I 'm sure one reason why the government is replying to those who signed the petition is to see how many of the email addresses used are actually valid .
It will be interesting to find out how many of the 1.8 m emails sent bounce back .
Paul Abraham , Accra , Ghana ( ex UK )
Chris Lake estimates sending 1.8 million emails as costing £ 6,000 .
How does he work that out ?
If I had the time I could send 1.8 million emails from home and it would n't cost me any more that I 'm currently paying which is £ 10 per month .
Dave Haward , Ipswich , Suffolk
Where 's my email then ?
I signed the petition and have so far received sweet FA from our PM !
Jo , Reading
Very nice of him to reply , but mine went straight into my Junk folder and was deleted before I got a chance to read it !
Carolyn , London , UK
I signed the petition and as yet have not received an email form the prime minister .
Is it lost in the cyber post ?
Emma Paice , Norwich
FORKLIFTS move all sorts of things — wheat , barrels , old crates — but is a $ 110,000 Maserati an old crate ?
A building worker in Sydney 's Billyard Avenue , in Elizabeth Bay , evidently thought so yesterday when he found the dark blue sports car parked in a construction zone and decided to move it .
The SMS Construction employee hoisted the car two metres into the air before it flipped off the forks and crashed on its roof .
Blogs and other social media tools have changed the publishing landscape over the past few years , making it easier than ever to share information with the world .
The ease of use and focused attention of the medium has also helped create new opportunities for spammers to automatically generate content , buy links , and get noticed by search engines and other points of aggregation .
In this post I will break down the operations of one spam network utilizing social media technologies such as WordPress , Digg , del.icio.us , and more to climb the search results and generate revenue through ads and affiliate programs .
Last weekend I noticed a Digg submission about weight loss tips had climbed the site ’s front page , earning a covetous position in the top 5 technology stories of the moment .
The 13 sure - fire tips were authored by “ Dental Geek ” and posted to the “ Discount Dental Plan ” category on his WordPress blog .
Scanning the sidebar links and adjacent content it was obvious this content was out of place on a page optimized for dental insurance .
The webmaster of i-dentalresources.com had inserted some Digg bait , seeded a few social bookmarking services , and waited for links and page views to roll in , creating a new node in a spam farm fueled by high - paying affiliate programs and identity collection for resale .
The spammer ’s domain is managed by eBizzSol , a company with fake domain registration information including the address block of a Christian church in Fullerton , California .
The dental site is registered to an address in Dhaka , the capital of Bangladesh .
Based on the broken English I ’ve found on the network ’s sites an offshore base of operations would not surprise me .
eBizzSol mentions about 200 sites in its portfolio , including real estate , mortgage , casinos , and more .
They even advertise a content generation service for SEOs offering six blog posts a month for $ 75 optimized for specific keywords , including guarantees for blog directory and ping submissions .
There are other sources of content generation available for hire online , creating a flow of content republished across a target category optimized for specific terms .
Follow the money
Why would someone want to create a site optimized for dental services ?
A search engine such as Google or Yahoo !
discovers the site , indexes its pages , and starts including its content in search results for targeted keywords .
Web searchers associate search engine rank with authority on a subject such as lowering an insurance premium or mortgage and generate a large amount of money per action .
This particular site is collecting $ 40 or more per dental plan sold through a dental plan reseller and targeting specific keywords of value and boasts search engine index inclusion of “ just a few hours ” on its pages .
The dental terms targeted cost up to $ 18 a click , offering incentives for top organic search conversion .
Below is a price estimate from Google for keyword targeting in the United States .
Google AdWords pricing Search term CPC ( $ ) teeth whitening 18.66 sedation dentistry 12.80 cosmetic dentistry 12.76 dental plans 9.78 dental implant 6.85 pediatric dentist 6.77 discount dental plans 5.93 oral surgery 4.95 braces 3.39 cavity 1.88
Gathering links
Directories
This webmaster bought links from the Yahoo !
directory , the Microsoft Small Business Directory , Business.com , and a few others , placing a link to their site within targeted categories .
They are cheaper than the $ 1000 links purchased on sites such as the W3C , but these listings are often just as spammy .
Virality
The article link was submitted to Digg by a user who joined Digg last month yet is already ranked in the top 150 .
The story received over 900 Diggs and is currently buried .
A newly minted user posted to Reddit , posted to Newsvine , and posted to del.icio.us using the same name on each service .
Seeding and voting up the content worked , as the blog post made its way to the top story listings on each social news service .
As of this evening the spam site has 353 inlinks from 212 external pages , mostly due to its viral marketing efforts on social networks .
Some social bookmarking users include their bookmarked links in their blog sidebar , creating additional direct links throughout their entire site in addition to the original bookmarking service location .
The spam network had successfully spread a piece of content throughout multiple user communities , and onto individual blogs in the process .
Summary
Certain topics are especially well suited for baiting the technology - oriented crowds of social news and bookmarking sites .
Stories focused on Apple , Firefox , Google , Nintendo , history of computers , top X lists , or the target social site itself are common baiting practices used to attract attention and place a new content node on the map .
Opportunists will continue to jump into new networks of influence and promote their own sites , gathering search engine juice even when the brief blip of attention has passed and the crowd moves on to another story of the moment .
I believe social media accounts are currently available for rent or for sale , rewarding active users with paid placements or account resells in much the same way as a World of Warcraft character might be resold on eBay .
Social media sites and search engines need to stay on top of this new form of content creation , continually analyzing data and scrubbing out the dirt .
Sites overrun with web spam quickly lose their utility and might be banned from search engines .
Social media sites continue to change the way we interact with data but expect more activity and content shaping in the future from marketers targeting the social media space for a quick link injection .
Los Angeles - Click for Current
Previous Day Previous hourSep - 29 Next hour -> Next Day ->
This is a map of historical traffic over 1 hour of time .
The colored lines represent speed .
Red < 15
Orange > 15 and < 30
Yellow > 30 and < 45
Blue > 45 and < 60
Green > 60
Powered by OpenStreetMaps
The HPA chief executive , Pat Troop , told a news conference the agency was dealing with " an unprecedented event in the UK " : the deliberate poisoning of someone with a radioactive substance .
Mr Litvinenko , a Russian dissident who fled to the UK in 2000 , died last night , three weeks after becoming ill with suspected poisoning .
In a statement dictated before his death and made public today , he accused the Russian president , Vladimir Putin , of being behind his killing .
It emerged today that traces of radioactive material had been found at three London locations , including a restaurant and bar where the former KGB agent had met contacts shortly before falling ill .
Scotland Yard said police had called in expert help to search for radioactive material at the Itsu sushi restaurant and the Millennium hotel in central London , and at Mr Litvinenko 's home in north London .
Earlier , it said its counterterrorism unit was investigating the " unexplained death " .
The home secretary , John Reid , chaired a meeting of Cobra , the government 's emergency committee , to discuss Mr Litvinenko 's death , a Cabinet Office spokeswoman said .
There were unconfirmed reports that the Foreign Office had spoken to the Russian authorities today about Mr Litvinenko 's death and called it " a serious matter " .
HPA teams were at the two London hospitals where Mr Litvinenko was treated to assess whether staff or family who had come into contact with him were now at risk , Professor Troop said .
The postmortem examination on Mr Litvinenko's body was delayed while experts sought to establish whether it was safe to perform the procedure .
" Our role is to assess the risk to the public and those who might have been in contact with this man , " Prof Troop said .
Roger Cox , the director of the HPA 's centre for radiation , chemical and environmental hazards , said small doses of polonium 210 could lead to increased cancer risks later in life , but only if they were ingested by people who came into contact with a contaminated substance .
At high doses there would be enough damage to bone marrow , intestines and other organs to cause them to malfunction .
He said those people who had touched Mr Litvinenko as he lay dying could theoretically have ingested the radiation but stressed that hospital procedures and normal hygiene measures would have reduced the possibility to an " insignificant level " .
Mr Cox said polonium 210 occurred naturally and was present in some foods in low doses .
It was a " pure alpha emitter " , which meant its short radiation particles would not pass through solid substances , such as skin , but could be ingested .
Earlier , Mr Litvinenko's friend Alexander Goldfarb read out a statement dictated by the 43 - year - old in the presence of his wife , Marina , on Tuesday , two days before he died .
" You may succeed in silencing me , but that silence comes at a price , " the statement said .
" You have shown yourself to be as barbaric and ruthless as your most hostile critics claim .
" You may succeed in silencing one man .
But a howl of protest from around the world will reverberate , Mr Putin , in your ears for the rest of your life .
May God forgive you for what you have done . "
Mr Litvinenko , who has been living in London since defecting from Russia six years ago , said : " I am honoured to be a British citizen . "
Mr Litvinenko died in hospital just after 9 pm yesterday .
His condition had deteriorated rapidly after he suffered a heart attack and lost consciousness on Wednesday night .
Speaking outside the hospital this morning , his father , Walter Litvinenko , who was at his son's bedside when he died , described him as " very courageous " .
" A terrible thing has happened here today , " he said in Russian , wiping tears from his eyes .
" He was a very honest and good man and we loved him very much .
And now he is not with us .
" He was very courageous when he met his death and I am proud of my son .
It was an excruciating death ... but he never lost his human dignity .
" Marina and [ Alexander ] were the most wonderful couple .
They were so happy here in London , but the long hand of Moscow got them here on this soil .
This regime is a mortal danger to the world . "
Since Mr Litvinenko became ill , his friends and family have insisted that he was the victim of a Moscow plot .
The former KGB agent was a fierce critic of Mr Putin 's government and was investigating the murder of his friend , the Russian journalist Anna Politkovskaya , when he became ill .
But both the Kremlin and Russia 's foreign intelligence service , the SVR , have denied any involvement .
President Putin hit back this afternoon at claims he was behind the death , saying there was no proof that it was " violent " .
Speaking , at an EU - Russia summit in Helsinki for the first time since Mr Litvinenko 's death , he said : " There 's no grounds for speculation of this kind . "
He sent his condolences to the former spy 's family .
He added : " I hope the British authorities would not contribute to instigating political scandal .
it has nothing to do with reality . "
If Russia is found to have had a hand in the poisoning , there could be serious diplomatic consequences .
It would be the first such incident known in the west since the end of the cold war .
Mr Litvinenko's friend Oleg Gordievsky , another former spy who defected to Britain , said his friend was a victim of " revenge and malice " of " evil forces " in Russia .
One doctor said the type of poison used may never be known .
Earlier suggestions that it was a heavy metal such as thallium or a radioactive substance were dismissed yesterday .
A Russian intelligence officer said today that he was ready to answer questions from British police over a meeting he had with Mr Litvinenko the day before he fell ill .
The man , a former officer in the FSB state security service , told a Russian newspaper that he met Mr Litvinenko in the bar of a London hotel on November 1 along with two other Russian acquaintances .
The next day , Mr Litvinenko called him to cancel another meeting because he felt unwell , he told Kommersant .
Mr Litvinenko fled to Britain in 2000 with his wife and son after , he claimed , he refused to carry out an order from senior FSB officers to murder the Russian billionaire Boris Berezovsky .
Four years ago , he co-wrote a book that alleged that FSB agents were behind the bombing of blocks of flats in Russia that killed more than 300 people in 1999 and were blamed by Russian officials on Chechen guerrillas .
To listen to some commentators is to believe that markets are the solution to all of our problems .
Health care not working ?
Bring in the private sector .
Need to rebuild a war - torn country ?
Send in the private contractors .
Emergency relief after earthquakes , hurricanes , and tornadoes ?
Wal - Mart with a contract is the answer .
Whatever the problem , the private sector - markets and their magic - beats government every time .
Or so we are told .
But this is misplaced faith in markets .
There is nothing special about markets per se - they can perform very badly in some circumstances .
It is competitive markets that are magic , though even then we have to remember that markets have no concern whatsoever with equity , only efficiency , and sometimes equity can be an overriding concern .
In order to work their magical efficiency , markets need very special conditions to be present .
There must be full information available to all participants .
Product quality , locations and prices of alternative suppliers , every relevant piece of information must be known .
Not quite sure if the wine is good or not ?
That 's an information problem .
Not sure if the used car has problems ?
Do n't know where any gas stations are except the ones beside the freeway in a strange town ?
No way to monitor the quality of the building built in Iraq with U.S. aid ?
No way to be sure if consultants are worth the amount they are being paid ?
Information problems are common and they can cause substantial departures from the perfectly competitive , ideal outcome .
There also must be numerous buyers and sellers , enough so that no single buyer or seller 's decisions can affect the market price .
For example , if a firm can affect the market price by threatening to limit supply , the market does not satisfy this condition .
If , as some claim , CEOs are in such short supply that they can individually negotiate their compensation , then the market is not producing an efficient outcome .
Whenever there are a small number of participants on either side of the market - suppliers or demanders - this is potentially problematic .
In order for markets to work their magic , the product must be homogeneous .
That is , the product or input to production sold by all firms in the market must be perfectly substitutable so that as far as the buyer is concerned , one is as good as the other .
If some buyers favor one brand over another , if CEOs are perceived to have different and unique talents , if government favors one contractor over another due to political contributions , this condition does not hold .
In many cases the variety may be worth the inefficiency , not many of us would want just one style and color of shirt to be available in stores , but the inefficiency is there nonetheless .
In order for markets to work their magic there must be free entry and exit .
Most people understand free entry , but free exit is sometimes less evident , so let me try to give an example .
Starting a blog on Blogger or TypePad is easy .
Entry is a snap and you can be up and running in no time at all .
It 's easy to join the competition and start supplying posts .
But suppose that later you decide you want to switch to , say , TypePad from Blogger ( or the other way around ) .
That is not so easy .
There is no way , at least no simple and convenient way , to export all of your old posts from Blogger and import them into TypePad , a significant barrier to exit if a large number of posts must be moved .
Whenever barriers exist in markets that prevent free movement into and out of the marketplace or between firms within a market ( on either side - there are sometimes barriers to purchasing as well ) , markets will underperform .
The list goes on and on .
In order for markets to work their magic , there can be no externalities , no public goods , no false market signals , no moral hazard , no principle agent problems , and , importantly , property rights must be well - defined ( and I probably missed a few ) .
In general , the incentives that the market provides must be consistent with perfect competition , or nearly so in practical applications .
When the incentives present in the marketplace are inconsistent with a competitive outcome , there is no reason to expect the private sector to be efficient .
Markets do n't work just because we get out of the way .
When government contracts are moved to the private sector without ensuring the proper incentives are in place , there will be problems - waste , inefficiency , higher prices than needed , etc .
There is nothing special about markets that guarantees that managers or owners of companies will have an incentive to use public funds in a way that maximizes the public rather than their own personal interests .
It is only when market incentives direct choices to coincide with the public interest that the two sets of interests are aligned .
If there is no competition , or insufficient competition in the provision of government services by private sector firms , there is no reason to expect the market to deliver an efficient outcome , an outcome free of waste and inefficiency .
Why would we think that giving a private sector firm a monopoly in the provision of a public service would yield an efficient outcome ?
If the projects are of sufficient scale , or require specialized knowledge so that only one or a few private sector firms are large enough or specialized enough to do the job , why would we expect an ideal outcome just because the private sector is involved ?
If cronyism limits the participants in the marketplace , why would we expect an outcome that maximizes the public interest ?
There is nothing inherent in markets that guarantees a desirable outcome .
A market can be a monopoly , a market can be perfectly competitive , a market can be lots of things .
Markets with bad incentives produce bad outcomes , markets with good incentives do better .
I believe in markets as much as anyone .
But the expression free markets is often misinterpreted to mean that unregulated markets are all that is required for markets to work their wonders and achieve efficient outcomes .
But unregulated is not enough , there are many , many other conditions that must be present .
Deregulation or privatization may even move the outcome further from the ideal competitive benchmark rather than closer to it , it depends upon the characteristics of the market in question .
For government goods and services , when incentives consistent with a competitive outcome are present , we should get government out of the way and privatize , and there are lots of circumstances where this will be appropriate .
There is no reason at all for the government to produce its own pencils and pens , buying them from the private sector is more efficient so long as the bids are competitive .
When competitive conditions are not met but can be regulated , the regulations should be put in place and the private sector left to do its thing ( e.g. mandating that sellers disclose problems with a house to prevent asymmetric information or mandating that government funded projects be subject to competitive bidding and monitoring to ensure contract terms are met ) .
There 's no reason for government to do anything except ensure that the incentives to motivate competitive behavior are in place and enforced .
But rampant privatization based upon some misguided notion that markets are always best , privatization that does not proceed by first ensuring that market incentives are consistent with the public interest , does n't do us any good .
There are lots of free market advocates out there and I am with them so long as we understand that free does not mean the absence of government intervention , regulation , or oversight , even libertarians agree that governments must intervene to ensure basics like private property rights .
Free means that the conditions for perfect competition are approximated as much as possible and sometimes that means the presence - rather than the absence - of government is required .
The word " platform " has become quite popular in the Yahoo !
vocabulary in recent months .
That 's a good thing because it means more and more people are staring to think about our products and services and more than just , well , products and services for end users ( I hate the term " consumers " too ) .
It was n't that long ago that Bill Gates said :
Yahoo does n't think of themselves as a platform company .
I do n't think you will ever have the Yahoo PDC .
That 's slightly amusing , because we 're certainly headed that way .
And Microsoft seems to be trying ( and trying and trying ) to , with MSN , become more and more of a content / portal / search company .
Or some may say " more like Yahoo . "
Anyway , there 's a lot of confusion about platforms : what is and is not a platform and stuff like that .
We also talk about ecosystems and how they related to platforms .
Leave to ex-Yahoo Gary Flake to help connect the dots , now that he's at Microsoft :
People from Redmond often speak of a " platform " while in the valley they speak of an " ecosystem " .
Here 's the surprise : both groups are talking about the same thing .
To MS , Windows is a platform because it fosters a virtuous cycle in two parts : developers come to the platform because it has the most users ; users come to the platform because it has the most software .
Well said .
I hope Bill Gates will accept an invitation to keynote the first Yahoo Developer 's Conference , should we decide to host one . :-)
Posted by jzawodn at April 05 , 2006 08:06 PM
Comment
As the Web 2.0 bandwagon continues its rapidly accelerating path downhill towards the inevitable crash we find ourselves at another turning point in the development of the networked world .
Ten years ago we were faced with a choice between the controlled homogeneity of the ‘ information superhighway ’ or the many and various delights of the unsupervised Internet , and we chose wisely .
Now we must decide whether to put our faith in Ajaxified snakeoil or to look beyond the interface to distributed systems , scalable solutions and a network architecture that will support the needs and aspirations of the next five billion users .
The choice may seem obvious , but the pull towards the dark side is powerful .
Many believe that the best way forward is the one sketched out by Google , Yahoo ! and Amazon as they offer tempting APIs and non-standard data formats to enthusiastic developers keen to add some scripted magic to even the most banal website .
Others look to social networks , virtual worlds , user - generated content and the end of mainstream media as markers on the way to the promised metaverse , the land of prims and money .
The wrong question
Over it all stretches the ' Web 2.0 ' banner , a magical incantation that will bring attention , funding and respect to any programmer able to weave a little Ajax into their interface .
It seems that it only takes a browser that can interpret JavaScript and a server that will let a page call for packaged data through XMLHttpRequest and we can have all the benefits of distributed systems without the need to write too much code or rethink the way that the different components of a service communicate with each other .
If Web 2.0 is the answer then we are clearly asking the wrong question , and we must not be fooled by the cool sites and apparently open APIs .
Most of the effort is – literally – window dressing , designed to attract venture capitalists to poorly - considered startups and get hold of enough first - round funding to build either a respectable user base or enough barely runnable alpha code to provide Google or Yahoo !
with yet another tasty snack .
We need to take a wider view of what is going on .
Back in the 1870s Karl Marx outlined the steps through which he believed a capitalist society needed to pass before it could reach socialism .
After the revolution came the dictatorship of the proletariat , a painful but necessary stage of oppression and correction , during which the organs of the state would whither away as humanity achieved its true potential and coercion became unnecessary .
Web 2.0 marks the dictatorship of the presentation layer , a triumph of appearance over architecture that any good computer scientist should immediately dismiss as unsustainable .
Ajax is touted as the answer for developers who want to offer users a richer client experience without having to go the trouble of writing a real application , but if the long term goal is to turn the network from a series of tubes connecting clients and servers into a distributed computing environment then we cannot rely on Javascript and XML since they do not offer the stability , scalability or effective resource discovery that we need .
There is a massive difference between rewriting Web pages on the fly with Javascript and reengineering the network to support message passing between distributed objects , a difference that too many Web 2.0 advocates seem willing to ignore .
It may have been twenty years since Sun Microsystems trademarked the phrase ‘ the network is the computer ’ but we ’re still a decade off delivering , and if we stick with Ajax there is a real danger that we will never get there .
The impossible dream
Yet this is the dream , one promoted relentlessly by Tim O’Reilly and his acolytes since the term was first coined in 2003 .
Thanks to their efforts , and those of other cheerleaders for the ' new paradigm ' , there is now a real danger that continued investment in Web 2.0 companies will turn O’Reilly ’s dream into our nightmare .
If that happens then the oligarchy who benefit most from the stale socialising of Flickr and YouTube will have held back the transition to distributed systems just as the old men in Soviet Russia and the People ’s Republic of China retained power and held back the transition to true socialism that Marx had predicted .
Fortunately , O’Reilly seems less of a psychopath than Mao or Stalin , and is perhaps closer to the pragmatic Yugoslavian leader Marshal Tito , who carefully steered a path between the USSR and the West for decades .
O’Reilly has already announced that Web 2.0 is really about business opportunities and new markets rather the emerging collective intelligence of humanity he preached from the barricades last year , so perhaps he will have the sense to move his followers away from Ajax towards something grounded in decent engineering .
If we can unlearn the lessons of the old Web and transcend its stateless protocols to achieve real distributed processing over a managed , trustworthy network then the possibilities truly are remarkable .
We can start to build hybrid applications that use modular code and distributed services , some local , some remote .
We can introduce yet another level of abstraction – always the solution to any computer science problem – and get our codebase away from processor dependency .
We can build a network that does n’t care or notice if your libraries are local or remote because the stuff you use regularly is always where you need it to be , cached on your local storage when needed , on a remote server when you ’re online .
And we can do it all without ceding control to Google , Amazon or even Microsoft .
If we sort out our interfaces and interactions we can may even be able to put our heads into the screen , be part of the metaverse , enter cyberspace and interact fully and equally with agents , people , sims and any other machine - or human - generated intelligence .
But this will not happen if we follow the Web 2.0 fantasy and put our trust in cool but ultimately shallow tricks with the presentation of data .
The time has come to stand up and be counted , and we need people who can count in hex and see beyond the Web 2.0 hype . ®
Bill Thompson is a technology critic and essayist .
His website is here .
What happened in Jonesboro that day in 1998 awakened America to the terror of school shootings and left an indelible mark on the northeast Arkansas town that was yesterday trying to come to terms with the fact that one of the convicted murderers , Johnson , is due to walk free from prison .
Golden is scheduled to be freed in 2007 .
A now - closed legal loophole means the killers can only be held until their 21st birthdays , and with Johnson 's birthday falling yesterday his expected release from a federal penitentiary in Memphis has re-opened old wounds in the town , with many residents questioning whether justice has been served in the case .
It has also drawn a sharp reaction from gun control campaigners , who criticised the fact that because Johnson was convicted as a minor his criminal record will be wiped clean and he will be allowed to buy a gun .
Whitney Irving , a student at Westside Middle School , was shot in the back but survived the attack .
Although she has since graduated from high school , married and had a child , the attack remains a part of her everyday life .
" A lot of people are really scared to this very day and we have not forgotten anything , " she told the Associated Press .
Mitchell Wright , whose wife Shannon was the teacher who was killed , said he has tried to explain Johnson 's release to his son , who was two at the time of his mother 's death .
" He 's told me , ' I do n't think it 's right he gets to go home to his momma and I only get to see my momma on videos ' , " Mr Wright said .
The Jonesboro shooting was the first major schoolyard assault in which teenagers attacked their classmates .
Less than a year later 13 died , along with two young gunmen , at Columbine High School , Colorado , while in March this year 10 people were killed when a student opened fire at a school on a native American reservation in northern Minnesota before turning the gun on himself .
Dale Haas , the sheriff at the time of the shootings and now a judge in the town , believes Johnson and his accomplice are getting off too lightly .
" We forget what they had done , " he told the Arkansas Democrat - Gazette .
" They killed somebody with malice ... Would you really want them as your neighbours ? "
Kenneth Heard , a reporter who covered the shooting and the trial , said : " This town is hurting .
It is bringing back a whole load of bad memories for a lot of people . "
Johnson 's mother , Gretchen Woodard , said her son would not be moving back to Arkansas ; instead he would enrol in college - possibly a seminary - at least a day 's drive away .
Jonesboro 's sheriff , Jack McCann , told CNN yesterday that if Johnson returned to the town " we cannot guarantee his safety " .
Convention over Configuration
Intent
Design a framework so that it enforces standard naming conventions for mapping classes to resources or events .
A programmer only needs to write the mapping configurations when the naming convention fails .
Motivation
General - purpose frameworks usually require one or more configuration files in order to set up the framework .
A configuration file provides a mapping between a class and a resource ( a database ) or an event ( a URL request ) .
As the size and complexity of applications grow , so do the configuration files , making them harder to maintain .
Below is an example1 showing a typical configuration file .
< hibernate - mapping > < class name = " User " table = " users " > < id name = " ID " column = " id " type = " string " > < generator class = " assigned " > < / generator > </ id > < property name = " password " column = " password " type = " string " /> </ class > </ hibernate - mapping >
Figure 1 : A Hibernate mapping definition
CREATE TABLE users ( id VARCHAR ( 20 ) NOT NULL , password VARCHAR ( 20 ) , PRIMARY KEY ( id ) ) ;
Figure 2 : The Users table in the database
Figure 1 above shows a mapping file for Hibernate5 , an object / relational persistence and query service framework for Java .
The Hibernate mapping definition in Figure 1 maps the User class to the Users table in the database .
The Users table in the database is described in Figure 2 using SQL .
The fields of class User are also mapped to the columns in the Users table .
Hibernate uses the configuration file in Figure 1 to map objects to the database .
For instance , if we create an object Alice of type User , calling Alice.getId ( ) will actually perform a lookup to the relevant row in the Users database table and retrieve the information in the id column .
Modifying configuration files , usually in XML , is tedious and also error - prone .
Most errors in configuration files are only detected at runtime in the form of a runtime error , usually a ClassNotFoundException .
More importantly , a lot of the mapping information can be inferred easily from the structure of the database table without the need for any configuration .
Database table names should be the pluralized form of the class name .
The columns in a database table should have identical names with the fields in the class that it maps to .
These two naming conventions are natural .
As can be seen above , the configuration file is indeed echoing the convention .
In fact , most developers already adhere to certain naming conventions when they program .
The Convention over Configuration pattern rewards developers for adhering to naming conventions and enforces this in a stricter manner by building it into the framework .
When the designer of a framework establishes a standard naming convention , there is little need for the configuration file .
The framework has code that will invoke the relevant classes or methods based on their names .
In this example , the framework queries the table for the table name and the names of the fields when a method is invoked .
And if the corresponding class does not have a corresponding field for a column name , when we access it for the first time we get a runtime error .
This is no different from getting a runtime error in the event that we specified the configuration file wrongly .
The Convention over Configuration pattern reduces the amount of configuration by establishing a set of naming conventions that developers follow .
Applicability
As the designer of a framework , use the Convention over Configuration pattern when
there are clear and practical naming conventions that can be established between parts of the framework .
there is the opportunity to reduce the amount of configuration files that duplicate mapping information from other parts of the system .
The Convention over Configuration pattern does not preclude the need for configuration files .
Configuration files are still important for the cases where convention fails .
But for most cases , sticking to the conventions works and keeps things simple for the programmer and anyone reading the code .
Whenever a configuration property is set explicitly , that property overrides the underlying naming convention .
Thus the framework is still fully configurable .
The configurations can be specified in a separate file ( shown in Figure 1 ) or the configurations may be embodied in the code , as we shall in the Sample Code section .
Consequences
The Convention over Configuration pattern has the following benefits and liabilities :
+ Allows new developers to learn a system quickly .
Once developers understand the naming convention , they can quickly start developing without worrying about writing the configurations to make things work .
This gives developers the impression that the framework Works Out of the Box15 with little or no configuration .
Frameworks that work out of the box empowers developers to quickly create prototypes for testing .
Compare this to frameworks that require multiple configuration files to get the system up and running even for simple tasks .
After they have become more familiar with the framework , they can write configurations for the unconventional cases .
+ Promotes uniformity .
Developers working on different projects but using the same framework can quickly grasp how different systems work since the same naming conventions are promoted throughout the framework .
This helps in maintaining a ubiquitous language3 for the development team .
+ Better dynamism .
Changing the name of the class or method in the source code does not require modifying a configuration file .
Since the framework does not rely on static configuration files , but rather enforces the naming conventions during runtime , changes made are automatically propagated through the application .
“ This is the problem with conventions – they have to be continually resold to each developer .
If the developer has not learned the convention , or does not agree with it , then the convention will be violated .
And one violation can compromise the whole structure . ” - Robert C. Martin2 ” - Requires familiarity .
The naming conventions become part of the implicit knowledge of the framework .
Once a set of conventions has been established , it becomes hard to change them .
In fact , not following those conventions makes the system harder to use .
Naming conventions have to be included in the documentation and followed consistently in code samples to avoid confusion .
- Larger framework .
By shifting the responsibility of configuration from the developer , the framework itself has to enforce those conventions ; the set of conventions has to be baked into the framework .
If there are a large number of conventions that need to be supported , the framework becomes larger .
Thus , only enforce clear and practical naming conventions in the framework itself .
- Hard to refactor existing frameworks to adopt a new naming convention .
It might not be feasible to use Convention over Configuration when an existing framework has a large group of developers using it .
There are currently no automated tools that can upgrade an application to use features in a newer version of the framework .
So developers using a version of the framework that used an older convention cannot upgrade easily to a newer convention .
The Convention over Configuration pattern is best used during the initial creation of the framework and maintained throughout updates to the framework .
Usage
The naming convention should be distilled from the ubiquitous language3 if one exists .
The naming convention can also be distilled from existing applications if the framework has been designed using the Three Examples 14 pattern .
As the framework evolves , existing naming conventions may have to be modified or new naming conventions have to be added .
This set of naming conventions has to be promoted to all the developers that are using the framework .
Then , as the designers of the framework , enforce this set of conventions as part of the framework .
Enforcing the naming convention is done using the reflection and metaprogramming properties of the programming language .
Also , design the framework to accommodate for the ability for developers to configure if the conventions do not fit .
Sample code
Suppose that we wanted to define a simple validator for some of our classes .
We will make use of Convention over Configuration to do this .
First , we define a set of naming conventions .
If our class is called Cat , the validator will be called CatsValidator .
We pluralize the class name and append the word “ Validator ” to it .
Second , in the CatsValidator class , methods for validating are called valid_x where x can be any word .
Those are our naming conventions .
We will be using the Ruby programming language to define the classes since it supports reflection and metaprogramming with a clean syntax .
class NamesValidator def self.valid_length ?
( name ) name.first_name.length < 20 and name.last_name.length < 10 end def self.valid_case ? ( name ) name.first_name == name.first_name.capitalize and name.last_name == name.last_name.capitalize end def self.non_conforming_method end end class Name < Validatable attr_accessor : first_name , : last_name def initialize ( first_name , last_name ) @first_name , @last_name = first_name , last_name end end
Figure 3 : Name class and the NamesValidator class
Name is just a simple class that has two fields : first_name and last_name .
The NamesValidator has two class methods that check if the name is of valid length and if it has the right case .
The method non_conforming_method is left there to show that our validation system does not call that method since it does not conform to the naming convention we agreed upon .
class Validatable def validate unless @validator validator = instance_eval ( self .class + ' s ' + " Validator " ) validator.methods.grep / ^valid_ / do |m| puts " Method " + m + " failed " unless validator.
send ( m , self ) end else validator = instance_eval ( @validator ) validator.methods.grep / ^valid_ / do |m| puts " Method " + m + " failed " unless validator.
send ( m , self ) end end end end
Figure 4 : The base class that enforces the Convention over Configuration
This is the conventional case : if the validator instance variable is not given an explicit value ( by default , it is nil ) , the validate method constructs a new Validator based on the name of the current class .
It then searches for methods that have the name valid_x and calls them using the send method .
If the validation fails , then a message telling the name of the failing method will be printed .
name = Name . new ( " Nicholas " , " Chen " ) name .
validate name = Name . new ( " Nicholas " , " chen " ) name.
validate
Figure 5 : Result of validating two Name objects
This is the configuration case : if the validator instance variable is defined , then the validate method uses that for the class name of the Validator .
class GroceriesValidator def self.valid_weight ?
( grocery ) grocery .
weight < 50 end def self.valid_size ?
( grocery ) grocery.size < 10 end def some_other_method end end class Grocery < Validatable attr_accessor : weight , : size def initialize ( weight , size ) @weight , @size = weight , size @validator = " GroceriesValidator " end end
Figure 6 : Grocery class and the GroceriesValidator
Because the plural of the word “ grocery ” is “ groceries ” our simple convention cannot take care of it .
So we have to explicitly specify a mapping by giving the instance variable validator the valid Validator class name .
grocery = Grocery . new ( 30 , 20 ) grocery.validate
Figure 7 : Result of validating an invalid Grocery object
Known Uses
Ruby on Rails .
One of the driving forces behind the Convention over Configuration pattern is the Ruby on Rails10 framework .
Ruby on Rails , or just Rails , is an open source web application framework written in Ruby that closely follows the Model - View - Controller ( MVC ) architecture .
The concept of minimal configuration has been built - in to the framework .
For instance , Rails provides its own ActiveRecord7 library that deals with mappings between a class and a table in the database .
By convention , the table name is a pluralized form of the class name .
Thus , the class Post will have a table called Posts .
Rails also handles peculiar words such as sheep which has the plural form sheep and octopus which has the plural form octopi .
For more complex or legacy table names such as ShopInventory , the user would have to configure the mapping between the table name and class name .
The database mapping convention is just one facet of the Convention over Configuration pattern in Rails .
The pattern is also prevalent in the URL dispatcher in Rails .
For further information , readers should consult the documentation for the Rails framework10 .
Spring MVC framework .
The URL Mapper in Spring12 uses the Convention over Configuration pattern to map URLS to the correct Controller .
A Controller object in the Spring framework follows the Page Controller9 pattern and is in charge of handling a request for a specific page or action on a web site .
For instance , a request for mywebsite.com / accounts will automatically call the AccountsController object .
The underlying convention13 is to use the word after the main URL ( accounts ) , capitalize it , and append the word “ Controller ” to it .
The resulting name , AccountsController , is the name of the class that we will forward the URL request to .
Unit testing .
The JUnit6 testing framework ( part of the XUnit testing frameworks ) by Erich Gamma and Kent Beck make use of conventions to simplify the creation of unit tests .
Each method that the developer wants to test is prepended with the word test .
The framework would then use the reflection properties of the language to locate those methods and execute them .
Moreover , the methods setUp and tearDown are methods that are automatically run before and after each test method .
The names of the functions in the XUnit frameworks are not configured ; they are by convention .
Related works
Convention over Configuration upholds the Don’t Repeat Yourself4 philosophy .
When the convention is clear and practical , there is little need to duplicate the information .
Duplicating the information makes changes hard because the developer has to go to multiple configuration files to make the changes .
Martin Fowler identifies duplicated code as one of the infamous code smells11 .
Metadata Mapping8 using reflection is an example of Convention over Configuration for accessing database tables with objects .
Discussion
A viable addition to Convention over Configuration is using an Attribute - Oriented Programming tool such as XDoclet16 .
XDoclet tags can be embedded as metadata before each class declaration in the source code .
When the XDoclet tool is initialized , it goes through the source code and gleans the XDoclet tags for metadata .
Using that information , XML configurations files are auto - generated to suit the framework .
The advantage is that there is no need to maintain separate XML files for the configuration .
The important metadata is embedded in the code and then extracted to auto - generate the configuration files .
Therefore , the developer has less files to keep track of and never needs to deal directly with the configuration files .
Even then , XDoclet tags have to be updated manually as well each time the class or method is refactored ( rename or moved ) .
So developers can still end up with inconsistent or invalid configurations when they use XDoclet to auto - generate the configuration files .
Therefore , use Attribute - Oriented Programming in addition to Convention over Configuration .
When the conventions fail and configurations have to be written , embed those configurations in the code and use a tool to extract that information and auto - generate the configuration files .
That way the developers have less files to maintain .
References
1 Better , Lighter , Faster Java http://www.oreilly.com/catalog/bfljava/
2 “ Convention over Configuration ” http://www.dehora.net/journal/2005/11/convention_over_configuration.html
3 Domain - Driven Design , http://domaindrivendesign.org/book/
4 “ Do n’t Repeat Yourself ” http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don’t_repeat_yourself
5 “ Hibernate ” http://www.hibernate.org/
6 “ JUnit ” http://junit.sourceforge.net/
7 “ P of EAA : Active Record ” http://www.martinfowler.com/eaaCatalog/activeRecord.html
8 “ P of EAA : Metadata Mapping ” http://www.martinfowler.com/eaaCatalog/metadataMapping.html
9 “ P of EAA : Page Controller ” http://www.martinfowler.com/eaaCatalog/pageController.html
10 “ Ruby on Rails ” http://www.rubyonrails.org/
11 “ Smells To Refactoring ” http://wiki.java.net/bin/view/People/SmellsToRefactorings
12 “ Spring Framework ” http://www.springframework.org/
13 “ The Spring Framework – Reference Documentation ” http://static.springframework.org/spring/docs/2.0.x/reference/mvc.html#mvc-coc
14 “ Three Examples ” http://st-www.cs.uiuc.edu/~droberts/evolve.html
15 “ Works Out of the Box ” http://www.laputan.org/selfish/selfish.html#WorksOutOfTheBox
16 “ XDoclet ” http://xdoclet.sourceforge.net/xdoclet/index.html
Written by Nicholas Chen .
Last significant update on November 29 , 2006
This page belongs to
Matt Keveney
It 's just a placeholder .
See my other websites here :
AnimatedEngines.com
507movements.com
Kids in U.S. worse off than in other rich nations , report says / UNICEF ranks 19 wealthy countries better for children
2007-02-15 04:00:00 PDT
United Nations --
The United States and Britain ranked as the worst places to be a child among 21 wealthy nations , according to a report by UNICEF released Wednesday .
The Netherlands was the best , it said , followed by Sweden and Denmark .
UNICEF 's Innocenti Research Centre in Italy ranked the countries in material well - being , health , education , relationships , behaviors and risks , and young people 's sense of happiness .
The finding that the children in the richest countries are not necessarily the best - off surprised many , said Marta Santos Pais , the study director .
The Czech Republic , for example , ranked above countries with a higher per capita income , such as Austria , France , the United States and Britain , in part because of a more equal distribution of wealth and higher relative investment in education and public health .
Some of the wealthier countries ' lower rankings were a result of less spending on social programs and " dog eat dog " competition in jobs that led to adults spending less time with their children and heightened alienation among peers , one of the report 's authors , Jonathan Bradshaw , said at a televised news conference in London .
" The findings that we got today are a consequence of long - term underinvestment in children , " said Bradshaw , a professor of social policy at York University in England .
The highest ranking for the United States was for education , where it placed 12th .
But America and Britain landed in the lowest third for five of the six categories measured .
The United States was at the bottom in health and safety , mostly because of its high rates of child mortality and accidental deaths .
It was next to last in family and peer relationships and risk - taking behavior .
The U.S. has the highest proportion of children living in single - parent homes , which the study defined as an indicator for increased risk of poverty and poor health , though it " may seem unfair and insensitive , " it said .
The United States also was close to the bottom of the scale for children who eat and talk frequently with their families .
Britain had the highest rate of children involved in activities that endangered their welfare : 31 percent of those studied said they had been drunk at least twice by the age of 15 , and 38 percent had had sexual intercourse by that age .
Canada had the highest rate of children who had smoked marijuana by age 15 -- 40.4 percent .
Japan ranked the worst on " subjective well - being , " with 30 percent of children agreeing with the statement , " I am lonely . "
Because of a lack of internationally comparable data , the study did not address children 's exposure to domestic violence , both as victims and as witnesses , or children 's mental and emotional health .
The report acknowledges that some assessment scales have " weak spots . "
The study , for example , measured relative affluence by asking whether a family owned a vehicle and a computer , whether children had their own bedroom and how often the family traveled together on vacation .
Some answers might depend on the quality of public transportation and real estate prices , making the average child in New York 's affluent areas seem equal to one in a less developed country because of the constraints of city living .
The authors acknowledge the study is " a work in progress in need of improved definitions and better data . "
But they say it is a first step in providing benchmarks for comparing countries and highlighting poor performance in otherwise rich nations .
" All countries have weaknesses to be addressed , " Santos Pais said .
Child well - being Economic inequality , poor levels of public support for families and high incidences of single - parent families are some factors that landed the U.S. and Britain at the bottom of a U.N. survey of child well - being .
Average ranking position of child well - being in wealthy countries Netherlands 4.2 Sweden 5.0 Denmark 7.2 Finland 7.5 Spain 8.0 Switzerland 8.3 Norway 8.7 Italy 10.0 Ireland 10.2 Belgium 10.7 Germany 11.2 Canada 11.8 Greece 11.8 Poland 12.3 Czech Republic 12.5 France 13.0 Portugal 13.7 Austria 13.8 Hungary 14.5 United States 18.0 Britain 18.2 Note : Countries are listed by their average overall ranking , with the lowest figure indicating the best result .
The countries are ranked on the following individual categories : material well - being , health and safety , education , peer and family relationships , behaviors and risks , and young peoples own subjective sense of well - being .
Source : UNICEF Associated Press
Browse brands alphabetically
Click the letter which begins the name of the brand you are looking for .
Then , find a manufacturer in the alphabetic list , move to its category and download the manual .
All manuals on our website are available in the popular , universal and secure PDF file format .
If you want , read detailed information about the PDF file extension .
The study suggests LB1 is a creature new to science
Enlarge Image
The finds caused a sensation when they were announced to the world in 2004 .
But some researchers argued the bones belonged to a modern human with a combination of small stature and a brain disorder called microcephaly .
That claim is rejected by the latest study , which compares the tiny people with modern microcephalics .
LB1 has a highly evolved brain .
It did n't get bigger , it got rewired and reorganised , and that 's very interesting
Dean Falk
Florida State University
In the new study , Dean Falk , of Florida State University , and her colleagues say the remains are those of a completely separate human species : Homo floresiensis .
They have published their findings in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The remains at the centre of the Hobbit controversy were discovered at Liang Bua , a limestone cave on the Indonesian island of Flores , in 2003 .
Researchers found one near - complete skeleton , which they named LB1 , along with the remains of at least eight other individuals .
The specimens were nicknamed Hobbits after the tiny creatures in JRR Tolkien 's Lord of the Rings trilogy .
Computer model
The researchers believe the 1m - tall ( 3ft ) people evolved from an unknown small - bodied , small - brained ancestor , which they think became small in stature to cope with the limited supply of food on the island .
The little humans are thought to have survived until about 12,000 years ago , when a volcanic eruption devastated the region .
The Hobbit has forced a re-think of human evolution
Long arms , a sloping chin and other primitive features suggested affinities to ancient human species such as Homo habilis .
Professor Falk 's analysis used the skulls of 10 normal humans , nine microcephalics , one dwarf and the Hobbit .
The brain leaves a mirror image imprinted onto the skull , from which anatomists can reconstruct its shape .
The resulting brain cast is called an endocast .
Professor Falk 's team scanned all 21 skulls into a computer and then created a " virtual endocast " using specialist software .
Then , they used statistical techniques to study shape differences between the brain casts and to classify them into two different groups : one microcephalic , the other normal .
Advanced tools
The dwarf 's brain fell into the microcephalic category , while the Hobbit brain fell into the normal group - despite its small size .
In other ways , however , the Hobbit brain is unique , which is consistent with its attribution to a new species .
" People refused to believe that someone with that small of a brain could make the tools , " said Professor Falk .
She said the Hobbit brain was nothing like that of a microcephalic and was advanced in a way that is different from living humans .
A previous study of LB1's endocast revealed that large parts of the frontal lobe and other anatomical features were consistent with higher cognitive processes .
" LB1 has a highly evolved brain , " said Professor Falk .
" It did n't get bigger , it got rewired and reorganised , and that 's very interesting . "
This apparently contrasts with LB1's other " primitive " anatomical features .
In September last year , Professor Teuku Jacob and colleagues published a scientific study in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences which claimed the Hobbit showed similarities to living pygmies and to microcephalics .
However , a different analysis by Australian researchers , published last year in the Journal of Human Evolution , supported the idea that LB1 was a creature new to science .
Home >
News >
World >
Middle East
Rescuers , investigators , and citizens gathered after a massive bomb attack killed more than 90 people near a mosque Saturday in Musayyib , south of Baghdad .
Authorities said a liquefied natural gas tank exploded as Shiites headed to prayers .
( Getty Images Photo ) 1st criminal charges filed against Hussein
At least 22 killed in suicide blasts BAGHDAD , Iraq --
As the weekend death toll from a blitz of suicide bombings rose to more than 130 , the first criminal charges against Saddam Hussein were filed yesterday , raising the prospect that his much - awaited trial could begin in September .
For many Iraqis , it will not be a moment too soon to bring to justice the man whose supporters are blamed in at least some of the relentless insurgent violence , which appears to have spiked yet again with a sustained onslaught during the past week .
Announcing the charges , Judge Raed Juhi said a court date will be disclosed within days for Hussein and three of his associates to stand trial for a 1982 crackdown against Shi'ites in the village of Dujail , north of Baghdad , during which 158 people were executed .
The earliest date will be in September because of a mandatory 45 - day waiting period between the filing of charges and the trial in order for the defense to prepare its case .
The Dujail case is only the first of several that may be brought against Hussein , who was linked to human - rights abuses throughout his 25 - year rule , some far bloodier than the 1982 crackdown .
Amid frustrations with the slow pace of the proceedings and concerns that further delays would encourage more violence , the tribunal shelved plans to hold one mammoth trial and instead aims to try Hussein and former members of his Ba'ath Party regime on a case - by - case basis .
'' People want closure and justice .
There are still a lot of people who believe the Ba'ath Party is going to come back , " said a Western diplomat who briefed reporters on the condition of anonymity .
There are worries that the trial of Hussein , a Sunni , may exacerbate tensions between the majority Shi'ites who dominate the government and the minority Sunnis whose power is limited in the new democracy .
But the Western diplomat said the delay in bringing charges against Hussein , who has been in custody for 19 months , emboldened the insurgency and eroded confidence in the new government .
The insurgency 's resilience has been demonstrated by suicide bombings that have killed more than 240 people in the past eight days .
The resurgence of violence undermines claims by US commanders that several high - profile military operations in recent months depleted the insurgency 's capacity to mount attacks .
The death toll in the worst attack , a suicide bombing Saturday near a mosque in the mostly Shi'ite town of Musayyib , rose to more than 90 , making it the bloodiest bombing since the new government took office in April and the second deadliest insurgent attack since the US invasion .
At least 22 people died in four suicide bombings around Baghdad yesterday , including one targeting an office of Iraq 's Election Commission that killed five election workers .
Iraq is to hold a referendum in October on the new constitution being drafted by the country 's politicians , and then plans elections in December .
Former Ba'athists are believed to be behind at least some of the violence , though US and Iraqi officials attribute the vast majority of suicide attacks to the Sunni extremist , Al Qaeda - affiliated group led by Abu Musab al - Zarqawi , which has a declared policy of targeting Shi'ite Muslims .
The extent to which Zarqawi's group is cooperating with the Ba'athists is unclear , though US officials believe a degree of coordination exists .
Many ordinary Iraqis nonetheless remain suspicious that a failure to bring Hussein to justice would leave the possibility open that the insurgency will win and that his regime will be restored .
'' There are a lot of people who think Saddam will come back , " said Ali Kadhim , who runs the Teeba Supermarket in Baghdad 's Saidiyah District and who said he was eager to see the trial begin .
'' There are lots of different parties working in his name .
They are holding meetings in Syria .
The police services are infiltrated , and that 's why the government can't stop the violence . "
One of his customers , overhearing the conversation , disputed the assertion that Ba'athists are responsible for the violence , and insisted that life for ordinary Iraqis was better under Hussein 's rule .
'' I wish that Saddam would come back , " said Omar Qassim , a cellphone company employee who was shopping for groceries in the store .
'' Under Saddam , we only saw car bombs on the television .
'' I have no love for Saddam , but there are people in charge now who are worse than Saddam , and we have no security and no services , " he added .
Kadhim acknowledged that he had a point about the electricity .
'' I do n't want Saddam to come back , but frankly , the services under Saddam were great , " he said .
Whether the trial will go ahead soon remains uncertain .
Past promises that trials are imminent have not materialized , though US and Iraqi government officials are hoping the proceedings will get underway ahead of the next round of voting .
Charged along with Hussein were three of his leading associates : Barzan al - Tikriti , his half brother ; Taha Yassin Ramadan , his vice president ; and Awad Hamad al - Bandar , the Revolutionary Court judge who conducted the secret trials at which most of the Dujail victims were sentenced to death .
© Copyright 2006 Globe Newspaper Company .
Ahmedabad : 2 from Jharkhand held for duping Paytm users Acting on the complaint , teams of Cyber Crime Cell reached Jamtara in Jharkhand and arrested the duo — Ajay Mandal and Kundan Kumar Mandal — both natives of Giridih in Jharkhand .
Ahmedabad : Covid - 19 patient ‘ dies by suicide ’ in Jamalpur hospital AMC deputy health officer Dr Tejas Shah said the patient was stable and “ was already on psychiatric treatment ” .
Delhi cop on shooting spree arrested , was considering suicide A day after he allegedly killed his father - in - law in Rohtak and shot at his friend in Outer Delhi ’s Alipur Sunday night , sub-inspector Sandeep Dahiya ( 36 ) was arrested from Rohini .
Initial investigation revealed that he was caught when he came out from Prachin Mahakali Mandir in Rohini Sector 3 and was going to kill himself .
“ Sandeep [… ]
Bilkis :
If govt willing to listen , wo n’t protest again On Tuesday , Bilkis , listed among the 100 most influential people of 2020 by Time magazine , was felicitated for her recognition by women ’s groups at the Press Club .
Revised coronavirus strategy places emphasis on capital ’s rural pockets According to sources , in a meeting with the Delhi government on Monday , experts discussed certain areas which need to be in focus as part of the revised containment plan .
Surat :
Two more held in Rs 1.33 - crore banned drugs seizure case Based on the inputs provided by Salman in his interrogation , Surat Crime Branch sleuths on Monday nabbed Manoj Prasad Bhagat , a resident of Vapi and native of Jharkhand .
Dip in fresh Covid - 19 cases in Gujarat Among those to test positive for Covid - 19 was Dr Kanubhai Kalsariya , former MLA from Mahuva in Bhavnagar .
" He is in isolation at his home and completely fine , " a close aide of Dr Kalsariya said
Delhi : Ruckus in North MCD
House over salary delay to doctors , staff
They have also launched an online campaign , posting pictures with the text — ' Doctors on Covid duty , Unpaid Day 106 , Hindu Rao Hospital Delhi ' — – on their social media since Monday , with the change in days being updated regularly .
Court denies bail to journalist Rajeev Sharma held in espionage case
The court also dismissed his plea to allow him to make public the contents of the FIR.De
Delhi : Sero survey suggests 33 % have antibodies
The presence of antibodies indicates the individual has been exposed to the virus in the past .
In the last sero survey , this figure was 29.1 % .
Tamil Nadu COVID - 19 wrap : Lockdown extended till October 31 , with some relaxations Restaurants and tea shops will be allowed to run from 6 am till 9 pm .
As many as 100 incoming flights ( from the 50 earlier ) have been permitted to land in Chennai .
‘ People starving , losing their jobs ’ : Bombay HC asks govt to consider resuming public transport in planned manner On September 15 , the high court had directed the Railways and the state government to allow lawyers to travel by special local trains to attend the physical hearings of cases in the high court from September 18 to October 7 , on an experimental basis .
Pune : 2 doctors convicted of culpable homicide , sentenced to 10 years in prison over death of woman after surgery
The two have also been ordered to pay a fine of Rs 2.5 lakh to the husband of the deceased .
Anesthesiologist Dr VB Agarwal , who was also charged along with the two other doctors , has been acquitted by the court .
To ease patient load on Pune city , admn adds over 2,800 hospital beds across division Across Pune division , so far , 3.4 lakh patients have recovered from Covid - 19 and the current number of active cases is at 73,361 .
As many as 11,185 deaths have been reported and the case fatality ratio is at 2.63 per cent .
Dedicated ‘ post - Covid care ’ to be available at five facilities in Pune for recovered patients
The health authorities and the Covid - 19 task force formed by the administration has studied post - Covid care protocols and decided to provide institutional facilities to discharged patients as , at present , the focus was on positive patients and critical care .
Pune : Divisional commissioner says recent surge of Covid - 19 cases due to increased movement during Ganesh festival Vikram Kumar , PMC commissioner , said there were an average of 1,900 new cases every day till September 17 , after which it dropped to 1,700 till September 26 , and in the last few days had dropped to 1,500 cases .
Gujarat : Bypolls to 8 Assembly seats on November 3
After the ECI announcement , Deputy Chief Minister Nitin Patel said , " We are prepared to emerge victorious in these polls ...
We are going to win all the eight seats and increase our tally in the House . "
The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) has 103 members in the Assembly
Hyderabad : Four arrested for impersonating Army officers to kidnap , extort people
The police investigation found that the main accused had aspired to become an Army officer .
Farm Laws : Capt Amarinder
Singh seeks suggestions from legal experts , farm leaders on next course of action Amarinder said , if legal experts advise amendment to state laws to fight the central laws , a special session of the Assembly will be immediately convened to do so .
Real estate fraud case : Court rejects anticipatory bail plea of actor Vikram Gokhale
The court , however , granted Vikram Gokhale protection from arrest till October 17 so that he can approach the Bombay High Court .
Kangana Ranaut case :
You are an MP , should have shown grace , Bombay HC tells Sanjay Raut
In his affidavit , Raut claimed he did not threaten Ranaut , but ‘ only referred to the petitioner as dishonest because she made a statement that Mumbai was like ‘ PoK ’ .
We have the impression that our free will is supreme , but modern neuroscience is starting to challenge the idea that we are the masters of our fate and captains of our soul .
A recent article in The New York Times looked at some of the philosophical aspects of free will from the perspective of physics and neuroscience .
Newtonian physics suggests that interactions in the physical world are deterministic , that is , the outcome is predictable .
As physical objects , a crucial question is how can we have free will in a universe where every outcome is determined by what went before .
Some people have suggested that the ‘ fuzzy ’ nature of quantum physics might provide an answer to this , but there have been no convincing accounts of how this might work .
In neuroscience , free will is more to do with whether we have conscious control over our actions .
Two main threads of research have suggested that our experience of having complete conscious control over our actions may be an illusion .
The first is from experiments like those originally completed by Benjamin Libet .
He asked people simply to move their hand whenever they felt like it and note the time when they first felt the urge to move .
While they performed this voluntary action , he recorded electrical activity from areas in the brain known to be involved in generating actions .
His experiments , and many subsequent replications , suggest that the brain ’s movement areas are active about 200 milliseconds before we feel the urge to move .
In other words , we only become conscious of the intention to move after the brain has initiated the action .
The second source of doubts about our sense of free will is from patients who have suffered brain injury and discover that they have lost conscious control over their actions .
One of the most striking examples is anarchic hand syndrome , linked to frontal lobe damage , where patients find their hand has a ‘ mind of its own ’ and often have to prevent it from carrying out actions they do n’t consciously intend .
An article in The Economist questions whether such findings are eroding the concept of legal responsibility .
This is particularly in light of court cases where evidence of neurological disturbance has been used in an attempt to persuade the jury that the person was n’t responsible for their actions , and , therefore , not guilty of the crime in question .
Link to NYT article “ Free Will : Now You Have It , Now You Don’t ” .
Link to Economist article ‘ Free to choose ? ’ ( both via 3Q ) .
WHEN HARRY Truman left the White House in 1953 , historian David McCullough records , " he had no income or support of any kind from the federal government other than his Army pension of $ 112.56 a month .
He was provided with no government funds for secretarial help or office space , not a penny of expense money . "
To tide him over for the transition back to private life , Truman had to take out a bank loan .
One of the reasons he and his wife moved back into their far - from - elegant old house in Independence , Mo. , " was that financially they had little other choice . "
Nevertheless , Truman refused to cash in on his celebrity and influence as a former president .
He turned down lucrative offers , such as the one from a Florida real estate developer inviting him to become " chairman , officer , or stockholder , at a figure of not less than $ 100,000 . "
He would n't make commercial endorsements , accept " consulting " fees , or engage in lobbying .
He would n't even take the free car that Toyota offered him as a gesture of improved Japanese - American relations .
" I could never lend myself to any transaction , however respectable , " Truman later wrote , " that would commercialize on the prestige and dignity of the office of the presidency . "
He did sell the rights to his memoirs for a handsome sum to Life magazine .
But he turned down every other enticement to trade on his former position for private gain .
Half a century later , Truman 's rectitude seems as quaint and obsolete as George Washington 's wooden teeth .
We learned last week that in the six years since Bill Clinton left office , he has pocketed a staggering $ 40 million in speaking fees .
Tirelessly working the lecture circuit , he has delivered hundreds of speeches , often at a price of $ 150,000 and up .
Two - thirds of his speaking money has come from foreign sources , according to the Washington Post , including " Saudi Arabia 's Dabbagh investment firm , which paid $ 600,000 for two speeches , and China 's JingJi Real Estate Development Group , run by a local Communist Party official , which paid $ 200,000 for a speech . "
The scale of Clinton 's post - White House earnings is known only because financial - disclosure rules require his wife , Senator Hillary Clinton , to report them .
( They do n't include the additional millions his speeches have raised for the William J. Clinton Foundation , his nonprofit charity . )
But he is hardly the only former president to leverage the prestige of the presidency for big bucks .
This shabby practice began with Gerald Ford , who accepted high - paying board memberships at companies like 20th Century - Fox , Primerica , and American Express .
Ronald Reagan accepted $ 2 million to deliver two 20 - minute speeches in Japan shortly after leaving the White House in 1989 , and both George H. W. Bush and Jimmy Carter have traveled widely to lecture for pay .
The elder Bush in particular seems to be Clinton 's model .
The Wall Street Journal reported a decade ago that " in the four years since he left office , Mr. Bush , already a wealthy man , has earned millions of dollars speaking publicly . "
Charging $ 80,000 to $ 100,000 per appearance , " Bush generally restricts himself to giving speeches and rubbing shoulders with corporate executives and high - level government officials . "
Such post - presidential avarice might be more understandable if presidents were still leaving office the way Truman did , with nothing from the taxpayers but a fond farewell .
But that has n't been the case since the passage of the Former Presidents Act in 1958 .
Today former presidents receive a lavish pension -- $ 186,000 , increased yearly -- payable as soon as they depart the White House , regardless of their age .
In addition , former chief executives are granted hundreds of thousands of dollars in annual staff , office , and travel allowances .
For fiscal year 2007 , Clinton will receive approximately $ 1.16 million from the US Treasury -- his telephone stipend alone will come to $ 77,000 .
All former presidents are also entitled to free , round - the - clock Secret Service protection for themselves and their families .
The cost of providing security for previous " first families " is estimated at $ 20 million a year .
According to the National Taxpayers Union , Clinton will reap a lifetime pension payout of more than $ 7 million , assuming a normal lifespan .
The senior George Bush can expect to bank more than $ 3 million ; for Carter , the total will likely top $ 4 million .
Clearly the age when former presidents could find themselves in dire financial straits is long gone .
Sadly , so is the sense of integrity and propriety that once kept men like Truman from devoting their post - presidency to money - grubbing .
It was n't only the buck that stopped with the 33 d president .
The avarice did , too .
Jeff Jacoby 's e-mail address is jacoby@globe.com .
© Copyright 2007 Globe Newspaper Company .
On Wednesday in Frankfurt at the PHP International Conference I gave a fairly general talk on issues in Web frameworks .
I had fun making a graph comparing Java , PHP , and Rails , and you might enjoy it too .
[ Update : Theserverside.com has a grossly inaccurate flame - bait take on this , and wo n’t let me sign in to comment ; wo n’t take my password , and also wo n’t take the one they email me when I say I forgot .
Grr. ]
[ Update , February 2007 : There ’s now a Korean translation by CHOI Jae - Hoon ; thanks ! ]
The Context · The problem at hand is Web Application Building .
Thus we are not considering general issues of compute performance , because in Web apps , you do n’t do much computing .
You get some values from the browser , you use them to pull some info out of a database , you report them to the user , maybe you update the database , and that ’s about it .
Here ’s the graph , followed by some applications .
Scaling ·
If you ’re actually doing any computing , Java is obviously the fastest .
For running web apps , the maximum scalability is probably about the same , because there ’s not much computing there .
After all , Java runs EBay while PHP runs Wikipedia and Yahoo !
Finance .
Both clearly scale “ well enough ” .
For Web apps , I ’ve given PHP the edge , because I think building scalable PHP is a little easier .
By default , PHP gives you a “ shared - nothing ” ( or at least “ shared very little ” ) architecture , which means you ’re going to scale out pretty well until your database hits the wall .
Java is a much richer system and assumes you ’re smart enough to know whether a shared - nothing architecture is appropriate or not .
The effect is , you have to be smarter to get the same kind of scaling out of Java .
As for Rails , I think it ’s probably the case that you can build a Web - scale app , just like Java and PHP , but we do n’t know because nobody ’s done it yet .
Also , we have to penalize Rails a bit because most apps end up having a little computing in them , and Ruby is quite a bit behind the alternatives in that department .
Development Speed ·
The question is “ All other things being equal , how fast can I get my Web app on the air ? ” I think Rails has set a new benchmark here ; you keep hearing astounding stories of serious applications going up in days rather than months and weeks rather than years .
Having said that , Rails ’ sweet spot ( CRUD - oriented greenfield apps ) is well - understood ; but still , it seems obvious that Rails has some lessons to teach that the rest of the frameworks would do well to learn from .
And I ’d argue that the current direction of Java EE is evidence that that learning is happening .
PHP ’s original claim to fame was that it was the quick - and - dirty way to get a Web app on the air .
There ’s no point trying to sweep the “ dirty ” bit under the carpet ; a lot of those quickie PHP apps are butt - ugly .
One of the reasons Rails is interesting is that it ’s quick and clean .
Developer Tools · Application building and maintenance is n’t a sprint , it ’s a marathon .
Your overall results in the long term are going to depend a lot on the quality of your tools .
Happy developers are productive developers .
Java is the obvious winner here , by a mile .
Granted , Rails has TextMate and PHP has the Zend stuff , and while there is work over in Eclipse to add support for both PHP and Ruby .
But the comprehensive , integrated , polished , fast support that a Java developer gets from NetBeans or Eclipse or Idea is miles beyond any of these things .
I ’m not really up - to - date on Eclipse or Idea , but if you look at the recent NetBeans 5.5 , the amount of automated support for Web - app development is astounding ; if I ’d been graphing NetBeans instead of Java , I suspect it ’d have equaled or passed PHP in the development - speed department .
Maintainability · Good apps , once built , tend to be in production for an astonishingly long time .
Which means that they have to be maintained for an astonishingly long time .
Which means that maintainability is important .
There are a lot of things that go into maintainability , but I suggest that the biggies are object - orientation , MVC architecture , code readability , and code size ( less is more , a lot more ) .
This is PHP ’s Achilles ’ heel , of course .
Yes , it is possible to write clean , object - oriented , modular , MVC - style PHP applications .
But most people do n’t ; the majority of apps that I ’ve seen have spaghetti PHP code wrapped around spaghetti SQL embedded in spaghetti HTML .
Also , a lot of the people who really understand O - O and MVC and maintainability would rather work in Java or Rails .
I ’ve put Rails ahead of Java just because there ’s so much less code .
The maintenance cost of code is strongly related to its size .
Clearly , Java ’s excellent developer tools make a difference , but still , I think that this is another area where Ruby and Rails are teaching lessons the rest of the industry would do well to learn from .
Omissions · .NET and the Python frameworks , starting with Django , are notable by their absence here .
Sorry ; I just do n’t have any first - hand knowledge on them .
And .NET is n’t open - source , so why would you use it ?
Irritants · I ’ve already got people mad at me , because they think I said “ PHP is faster than Java ” ( I did n’t ) and because I said Rails is faster to build and more maintainable than PHP ( I did , and I stand by it ) .
Obviously , there are edge cases ; I ’m sure you can find examples where Rails runs faster than the alternatives , or a Java app can be built fastest , or there are superb PHP dev tools for some type of app , or there ’s a horribly - architected unmaintainable piece of Java framework crap .
What Matters ? ·
The question “ Which of Java , PHP , and Rails is best ? ” is just silly .
The answer , as with so many engineering questions , is “ it depends ” .
My personal opinion is that for most Web apps , scaling is n’t really a good basis for making a choice ; if you have a decent application architecture , you can make any of these scale enough , and if you do n’t , you can’t .
In recent years things like PHP and Rails have taught us that development speed is more important than we thought it was .
On top of the obvious business value of delivering functions faster , there ’s the Agile / XP view that you really do n’t understand a feature till you ’ve built it , so the faster you can build them the faster you understand them .
Developer tool quality is something you ignore at your peril ; application development and maintenance is an endless grind , and you ’re going to be a lot happier at work , long - term , living in a tool like NetBeans or Eclipse .
Maybe it ’s just because I ’m a grizzled 25 - year veteran , but my feeling is that in the real world in the long term , maintainability is a really really big deal , the biggest of all .
Out there in the wild woolly “ Web 2.0 ” world , maybe getting it built quick is all that matters , because after you ’ve knocked ’em dead and been acquired , you can use the money from the Yahoo !
buy - out to rebuild everything right the second time .
In the enterprise though , I kind of suspect that smart developers and smart managers know that for real apps , the big development cost starts to happen after they ’re delivered .
Whatever ; you have to make your own choice based on your own application , business , and people constraints .
That ’s not controversial .
PS : Integration ·
This stuff was only about half my talk .
The other half was about integration ; your stack ’s internal integration , about integrating with Identity technology , and about the general problem of heterogeneous framework integration across the network .
That part was actually more interesting .
UPI Reports :
At a farewell reception at Blair House for the retiring chief of protocol , Don Ensenat , who was President Bush 's Yale roommate , the president shook hands with Washington Life Magazine 's Soroush Shehabi .
" I 'm the grandson of one of the late Shah 's ministers , " said Soroush , " and I simply want to say one U.S. bomb on Iran and the regime we all despise will remain in power for another 20 or 30 years and 70 million Iranians will become radicalized . "
" I know , " President Bush answered .
" But does Vice President Cheney know ? " asked Soroush .
President Bush chuckled and walked away .
This interaction reminds me of a story Cele Castillo once told about his meeting with George H. W. Bush .
Cele Castillo was a top DEA Agent in Latin America and he witnessed massive amounts of cocaine being smuggled by the CIA .
As DEA man Castillo began to compile reports on cocaine smuggling in El Salvador , he had an unexpected opportunity to alert Vice President George Bush to what was going on .
Bush arrived in Guatemala City on January 14 , 1986 , and Castillo was among those at a US Embassy reception .
Spotting Castillo's badge , Bush asked what he was up to , and Castillo replied that he was investigating cocaine trafficking in El Salvador .
He advised the vice president that " there 's some funny things going on with the Contras at Ilopango . "
Bush , Castillo says , smiled at him knowingly and walked away .
You know what they say , like father like son .
This is a Russian truck going without a wheel .
It is fully loaded with some goods , but with a missing lane .
It even does n’t think about going by a right , lower speed lane , it goes at left lane – where the more speedy cars ride .
Seems the driver does n’t care at all that his truck is a little bit out of order .
My favorite is Jim Crow , that deeply entrenched set of cultural and institutional practices built up over four centuries of racist domination and exclusion of blacks by whites in the South .
Nothing could have been more cultural than that .
And yet America was able to dismantle the entire system within a single generation , so much so that today blacks are now making a historic migratory shift back to the South , which they find more congenial than the North .
( At the same time , economic inequality , which the policy analysts love to discuss , has hardened in the South , like the rest of America . )
So what are some of the cultural factors that explain the sorry state of young black men ?
They are n't always obvious .
Sociological investigation has found , in fact , that one popular explanation -- that black children who do well are derided by fellow blacks for " acting white " -- turns out to be largely false , except for those attending a minority of mixed - race schools .
An anecdote helps explain why : Several years ago , one of my students went back to her high school to find out why it was that almost all the black girls graduated and went to college whereas nearly all the black boys either failed to graduate or did not go on to college .
Distressingly , she found that all the black boys knew the consequences of not graduating and going on to college ( " We 're not stupid ! " they told her indignantly ) .
SO why were they flunking out ?
Their candid answer was that what sociologists call the " cool - pose culture " of young black men was simply too gratifying to give up .
For these young men , it was almost like a drug , hanging out on the street after school , shopping and dressing sharply , sexual conquests , party drugs , hip - hop music and culture , the fact that almost all the superstar athletes and a great many of the nation 's best entertainers were black .
Not only was living this subculture immensely fulfilling , the boys said , it also brought them a great deal of respect from white youths .
This also explains the otherwise puzzling finding by social psychologists that young black men and women tend to have the highest levels of self - esteem of all ethnic groups , and that their self - image is independent of how badly they were doing in school .
I call this the Dionysian trap for young black men .
The important thing to note about the subculture that ensnares them is that it is not disconnected from the mainstream culture .
To the contrary , it has powerful support from some of America 's largest corporations .
Hip - hop , professional basketball and homeboy fashions are as American as cherry pie .
Young white Americans are very much into these things , but selectively ; they know when it is time to turn off Fifty Cent and get out the SAT prep book .
For young black men , however , that culture is all there is -- or so they think .
Sadly , their complete engagement in this part of the American cultural mainstream , which they created and which feeds their pride and self - respect , is a major factor in their disconnection from the socioeconomic mainstream .
A number of people have asked me what I think of the bestselling book " Freakonomics " written by Steven Levitt and Stephen Dubner .
On the front of the book , there is a glowing blurb by me which would suggest that I love it .
On the other hand , chapter four of Freakonomics is devoted to the question of why crime dropped so dramatically in America — and particularly New York — in the 1990’s , and in that chapter Dubner and Levitt reach a very different conclusion than I do in " The Tipping Point . "
In fact , " Freakonomics " specially singles out for ridicule the theory of broken windows , which I suggest in the Tipping Point played a big role in New York City ’s recovery .
So what gives ?
Why do I love a book so much , if it contradicts my own book ?
Have I renounced the theories I put forward in the Tipping Point ?
I have two answers .
The first — obvious — point is that it is not necessary to agree with everything you read in a book to like that book .
I have a number of problems with several chapters in Freakonomics , because I find the way in which economists approach problems occasionally frustrating .
That being said , it ’s very difficult to read Freakonomics and not find yourself saying " wow " every five minutes .
I loved it .
Now for the long answer : what do I think of the substance of their crime argument ?
Is the Broken Windows theory central to the question of whether crime dropped , or is n’t it ?
The Freakonomics argument starts off very much like the argument I make in The Tipping Point .
The startling decline in crime in major American cities in the mid-1990 ’s is a mystery .
No one predicted it .
Everyone thought that high crime rates were a permanent feature of urban life .
And the standard arguments to explain why crime falls do n’t seem to work in this case .
Levitt and Dubner go through all the usual explanations for crime decreases — a booming economy , decline in the crack trade , innovative policing strategies , tougher gun laws , aging of the population — and find only two that they think really matter .
Putting more police on the street , they say , which happened in major cities all over the country in the early 1990 ’s , was a major factor .
So were the soaring numbers of young men put away in prison in that same period .
But neither of those two factors , they argue , are sufficient to explain the full magnitude of the crime drop .
There has to be something else — and their candidate for the missing explanation is the legalization of abortion .
Levitt ’s argument ( and for simplicity ’s sake , I ’ll refer to the argument from now on as Levitt ’s ) goes something like this ( and keep in mind that I ’m grossly simplifying it here ) .
The huge declines in urban violent crime rates happen , more or less , eighteen years after the passage of Roe v. Wade .
States that legalized abortion earlier than the Supreme Court ruling saw their violent crime rates fall earlier .
When you look at falling crime rates , the reductions in violent behavior are almost all concentrated in the generation born after the legalization of abortion , not before .
People undergo abortions , in other words , for a reason : because they are poor , or do n’t want a child , or live in an environment where it is hard to raise children .
An unwanted child has a higher chance , when he or she grows up , of becoming a criminal .
By removing a large number of unwanted children , legalized abortion ended up lowering the crime rate .
Levitt makes it clear that he ’s not passing judgment on this .
He ’s not pro-abortion , as a result of this observation .
He ’s just explaining the way he thinks the world works .
He also stresses — and this is because even more important — that he does n’t think that crime fell in major American cities solely because of abortion .
He thinks abortion is simply one of several factors — albeit a significant one — in the crime drop .
Is Levitt right that legalizing abortion has played a role in lowering violent crime rates ?
Levitt has a few critics , and he ’s dealt with them pretty effectively , I think .
( Check out Freakonomics.com )
There are some other technical critiques of his work from fellow economists , that , I have to confess , I ca n’t follow .
My own response is chiefly that I find the argument incomplete ..
For instance , the biggest drop in fertility in the U.S. came with the advent of the Pill in the mid-1960 ’s .
The Pill allowed lots of women who would otherwise have become pregnant not to become pregnant because they were poor , or did n’t want a child , or lived in an environment where it was hard to raise children .
But the fertility drop caused by the Pill did n’t lead to a decrease in crime eighteen years later .
In fact , that generation saw a massive increase in crime .
The advent of abortion in the early 1970 ’s , meanwhile , caused a far , far smaller drop in U.S. fertility but —
Levitt argues — that drop is consistent with a fall in crime .
In other words , the unwanted children whose births were prevented by the Pill would not have gone to become criminals .
But unwanted children whose births were prevented by abortion would have gone on become criminals .
Why is this ?
I can think of some hypotheses .
But they are just that : hypotheses .
I would have been a lot happier with Freakonomics if the crime chapter had been twice as long — and spent more time explaining just what is so peculiar , in terms of crime rates , about births prevented by abortion .
But that ’s a quibble .
In the course of making his argument for the importance of abortion Levitt is also pretty dismissive of other , alternate , theories — especially the theory that I spend a lot of time on the Tipping Point , namely the broken windows idea .
It ’s here , though , where I think Levitt ’s argument is a bit unfair .
Levitt concludes that there are three factors that matter the most in the crime drop — abortion , high rates of imprisonment of young men , and increased number of police officers .
The last of these three factors he glosses over pretty quickly .
But I think that ’s a mistake , because what is increased police presence ?
Well , having more police on the streets than before means that law enforcement can be more aggressive and pro-active .
It means officers can do a lot better job getting guns off the streets .
It means that they can be much more vigilant than before .
It means that they have the time and resources to start cracking down on the kinds of seemingly minor " lifestyle " crimes than might have gone ignored before .
The kinds of things that I argue were so important in responding a civil environment in New York State — the crackdowns on graffiti and public urination and panhandling and turnstile jumping in the subway system — are all the kinds of things that police departments can do when they have more officers on the streets .
In Freakonomics , Levitt pretends he has refuted the Broken Windows explanation .
He has n’t at all .
In fact , to the extent that he concedes the huge role played by the expansion of police departments in the 1990 ’s , he tacitly supports the Broken Windows theory .
So why is he so anxious to discredit Broken Windows ?
One — understandable — explanation is that he makes his own argument more compelling by dismissing all other arguments .
( I know all about this tactic .
I do it all the time ) .
But a deeper explanation , I think , has to do with the difference between the perspective of economics and the perspective of psychology .
Levitt is very interested in the root causes of behavior , in the kinds of incentives and circumstances that fundamentally shape the way human beings act .
That ’s the kind of thing that economists — particularly behavioral economists — think a lot about .
And rightly so : who we are and how we behave is a product of forces and influences rooted in the histories and traditions and laws of the societies in which we belong .
But there ’s a second dimension to crime , and that is the immediate contextual influences on human behavior .
If you talk to a police officer ( or a psychologist ) they ’ll tell you what a " typical " murder looks like .
It ’s two men , drunk at a bar .
They get in a fight .
They step outside .
One pulls a gun in anger and kills the other .
You can prevent that homicide by creating a population of people who are less likely to get drunk and angry in bars .
You can also prevent that homicide by decreasing the likelihood of either of those drunken men having a gun .
Police - work is concerned , necessarily , with this kind of immediate influence on behavior , and one of the things that having lots more police did was to make it possible to reduce the number of guns on the street that could end as a cause for a homicide .
Drunken young men still fight in bars in New York City .
But now they fight with fists — which are a lot safer .
Freakonomics is a book about deeply rooted influences on behavior , because it ’s a book written by an economist .
The Tipping Point is a book , by contrast , about the kinds of things that law enforcement types — and psychologists — worry about , because it was written by someone who is obsessed with psychology .
I prefer to think of Freakonomics not as contradicting my argument in Tipping Point , but as completing it .
One final point ( just to complicate things even further ) .
Since Tipping
Point has come out , there have been a number of economists who have looked specifically at broken windows — and tried to test the theory directly .
Some have found support for it .
Others — particularly Bernard Harcourt at the University of Chicago — find it wanting .
If you crave a rigorous critique of broken windows , read Harcourt .
He ’s every bit as smart as Levitt .
Published online 14 September 2005 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news050912-6
News
Google Earth programme leads to remains of ancient villa .
Analysis of a Google map led to the discovery of a Roman villa like this one in Parma , Italy .
© Cultural Ministry Emilia Romagna
Using satellite images from Google Maps and Google Earth , an Italian computer programmer has stumbled upon the remains of an ancient villa .
Luca Mori was studying maps of the region around his town of Sorbolo , near Parma , when he noticed a prominent , oval , shaded form more than 500 metres long .
It was the meander of an ancient river , visible because former watercourses absorb different amounts of moisture from the air than their surroundings do .
His eye was caught by unusual ' rectangular shadows ' nearby .
Curious , he analysed the image further , and concluded that the lines must represent a buried structure of human origin .
Eventually , he traced out what looked like the inner courtyards of a villa .
Mori , who describes the finding on his blog , Quellí Della Bassa , contacted archaeologists , including experts at the National Archaeological Museum of Parma .
They confirmed the find .
At first it was thought to be a Bronze Age village , but an inspection of the site turned up ceramic pieces that indicated it was a Roman villa .
" Mori 's research is interesting in its approach , " says Manuela Catarsi Dall ' Aglio , an archaeologist at the National Archaeological Museum of Parma .
He says the find may be similar to a villa the museum is currently excavating at Cannetolo di Fontanellato , which was found during the construction of a high - speed rail network .
" Only a scientific , archeological dig will tell , " he adds .
The local authorities will have to approve any archaeological digs before they can take place .
Pop quiz , hotshot .
How do you know if your application works ?
Sure , maybe your app compiles .
Maybe it passes all the unit tests .
Maybe it ran the QA gauntlet successfully .
Maybe it was successfully deployed to the production server , or packaged into an installer .
Maybe your beta testers even signed off on it .
But that does n't mean it works .
Can users actually understand your application ?
Can they get their work done in your application ?
That 's what defines a working application .
All the other stuff I listed is just noise .
You do n't know if your application truly works until you 've performed usability tests on it with actual users .
And you regularly do usability testing on your application , right ?
That 's what I thought .
One of the central concepts in Steve Krug 's book Do n't Make Me
Think is that usability testing is essential to any software project .
Krug calls his simplified approach to usability testing lost our lease , going - out - of - business - sale usability testing :
Usability testing has been around for a long time , and the basic idea is pretty simple :
If you want to know whether your software or your Web site or your VCR remote control is easy enough to use , watch some people while they try to use it and note where they run into trouble .
Then fix it , and test it again .
In the beginning , though , usability testing was a very expensive proposition .
You had to have a usability lab with an observation room behind a one - way mirror , and at least two video cameras so you could record the users ' reactions and the thing they were using .
You had to recruit a lot of people so you could get results that were statistically significant .
It was Science .
It cost $ 20,000 to $ 50,000 a shot .
It did n't happen very often .
But in 1989 Jakob Nielsen wrote a paper titled " Usability Engineering at a Discount " and pointed out that it did n't have to be that way .
You did n't need a usability lab , and you could achieve the same results with a lot fewer users .
The idea of discount usability testing was a huge step forward .
The only problem is that a decade later most people still perceive testing as a big deal , hiring someone to conduct a test still costs $ 5,000 to $ 15,000 , and as a result it does n't happen nearly often enough .
What I 'm going to commend to you in this chapter is something even more drastic :
Lost our lease , going - out - of - business - sale usability testing .
I 'm going to try to explain how to do your own testing when you have no money and no time .
If you can afford to hire a professional to do your testing , by all means do it -- but do n't do it if it means you 'll do less testing .
Krug points out that usability testing is only as difficult as you make it .
It 's possible to get useful results from a usability test with a single user , even :
[ Usability ] testing always works , and even the worst test with the wrong user will show you things you can do to improve your site .
I make a point of always doing a live user test at my workshops so that people can see it 's very easy to do and it always produces an abundance of valuable insights .
I ask for a volunteer and have him try to perform a task on a site belonging to one of the other attendees .
These tests last less than ten minutes , but the person whose site is being tested usually scribbles several pages of notes .
And they always ask if they can have the recording of the test to show their team back home .
Once person told me that after his team saw the recording , they made one change to their site which they later calculated had resulted in $ 100,000 in savings .
For more proof that you do n't need a lot of users to have an effective usability test , Jakob Neilsen offers the following graph :
Obviously , not doing any usability testing at all is a disaster .
But what 's not so obvious is that usability testing with just a few users is remarkably effective .
And it can be relatively painless if you follow Krug 's broad guidelines for low - fidelity usability testing :
When should I test ?
Ideally , once per month .
You should be running small usability tests continuously throughout the development process .
The tests should be short and simple , so you can conduct them almost any time with little advance planning .
Ideally , once per month .
You should be running small usability tests continuously throughout the development process .
The tests should be short and simple , so you can conduct them almost any time with little advance planning .
How many users do I need ?
Three or four max .
Three or four max .
What kind of users ?
Grab some people .
Anyone who can use a computer will do .
The best - kept secret of usability testing is that it does n't much matter who you test .
It 's a good idea to get representative users , but it 's much more important to test early and often .
Do n't be embarrassed to ask friends and neighbors .
Grab some people .
Anyone who can use a computer will do .
The best - kept secret of usability testing is that .
It 's a good idea to get representative users , but it 's much more important to test early and often .
Do n't be embarrassed to ask friends and neighbors .
How much time will it take ?
45 minutes to an hour per user .
Keep it simple .
Keep it small .
Although it does take extra time to conduct usability tests , even simple ones , ultimately you will save time .
The results of the usability tests will prevent you from wasting time arguing endlessly , or redoing things at the end of a project .
45 minutes to an hour per user .
Keep it simple .
Keep it small .
Although it does take extra time to conduct usability tests , even simple ones , ultimately you will save time .
The results of the usability tests will prevent you from wasting time arguing endlessly , or redoing things at the end of a project .
Where do I conduct the test ?
Any office or conference room .
All you need is a room with a desk , a computer , and two chairs where you wo n't be interrupted .
Any office or conference room .
All you need is a room with a desk , a computer , and two chairs where you wo n't be interrupted .
Who should do the testing ?
Any reasonably patient human being .
Choose someone who tends to be patient , calm , emphathetic , and a good listener .
With a little practice , most people can get quite good at it .
Any reasonably patient human being .
Choose someone who tends to be patient , calm , emphathetic , and a good listener .
With a little practice , most people can get quite good at it .
What equipment do I need ?
All you need is some form of screen recording software , such as Camtasia .
If you want to get really fancy you can bring in a camcorder to record the person and the screen .
All you need is some form of screen recording software , such as Camtasia .
If you want to get really fancy you can bring in a camcorder to record the person and the screen .
How do I prepare for the tests ?
Decide what you want to show .
Have a short script ( doc ) ready to guide the participants through the test .
Decide what you want to show .
Have a short script ( doc ) ready to guide the participants through the test .
How much will it cost ?
Minus the moderator 's time , a $ 50 - $ 100 stipend per user .
Minus the moderator 's time , a $ 50 - $ 100 stipend per user .
How do we interpret the results ?
Debrief the development team and any interested stakeholders over lunch the same day .
One of the nicest things about usability testing is that the results tend to be obvious to everyone who 's watching .
The serious problems are hard to miss .
If you do n't already own a copy of Do n't Make Me Think , shame on you .
In the meantime , I highly recommend downloading Chapter 9 of Steve Krug 's Don't Make Me Think ( pdf ) , which has much more detail than the summary I 've presented .
Usability testing does n't have to be complicated .
If you really want to know if what you 're building works , ask someone to use it while you watch .
If nothing else , grab Joe from accounting , Sue from marketing , grab anyone nearby who is n't directly involved with the project , and have them try it .
Do n't tell them what to do .
Give them a task , and remind them to think out loud while they do it .
Then quietly sit back and watch what happens .
I can tell you from personal experience that the results are often eye - opening .
The benefits of usability testing are clear .
You just have to do it to realize any of those benefits .
Claim : Photograph shows small plane crashed into a tree next to a sign advertising flight lessons .
Status : True .
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , 2007 ]
Flight School needs some work … .
Flight School needs some work … .
Origins :
Although the above - displayed photograph looks like the setup for a bit of humor to be displayed in the background of a film or as scenery at amusement park — an airplane crashed into a tree right next to a sign advertising a flight school — it is the product of a real ( and non-deliberate ) small plane crash .
The plane ’s registration number ( N6487J ) identifies it as a Piper Cherokee registered to Vision Real Estate Management Co. , Inc. , of Colorado Springs , Colorado .
According to the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) , that plane was involved in an accident at Meadow Lake Airport near Colorado Springs on 7 December 2006 :
ACFT ON DEPARTURE , LOST POWER , ATTEMPTED TO LAND ON A ROAD AND CRASHED INTO A TREE , MEADOWLAKE AIRPORT , COLORADO SPRINGS , CO
The local news media also covered this crash :
A plane landed in a tree Thursday night at Meadowlake Airport in El Paso County .
A plane landed in a tree Thursday night at Meadowlake Airport in El Paso County .
The pilot was the only person on board , and he survived .
His injuries were minor with a cut in his head .
He was released at the scene .
Investigators said the pilot was practicing take - offs and landings around 5 p.m. , Thursday .
When he came in for another landing , he lost power .
The pilot tried to restart the engine and it failed , causing it to crash into the tree .
The crash caused the power to go out for about 100 homes in the area .
The airport is located about 15 miles east of Colorado Springs near Falcon , Colo .
The plane remained in the tree until National Transportation Safety Board investigators could examine it .
The outfit named on the background sign , American Aviation , does operate out of Meadow Lake Airport , offering aircraft storage and flight lessons .
Finally , here ’s a shot of the scene from a different angle :
Last updated : 16 January 2007
Online sex toy retailer LoveHoney .co.uk is advertising what could be the most unusual job ever .
The company is searching for a sexually active couple who will be prepared to test a new pill designed to change the taste of semen .
The pill , which is taken as a twice - a- day for 30 days , claims to mask the traditionally salty taste of male ejaculate with a refreshing apple - like flavour .
Successful applicants will take the pill for 30 days and will use an online blog to provide a blow - by - blow account of how the taste of their partner 's sexual fluid changes .
" A payment is offered , " says LoveHoney test organiser Ali Carnegie , " But this is really a job that people should do for love rather than money . "
Couples who are interested in the position can apply by completing the Sperm Tester application form on the LoveHoney Web site .
The test product is 100 % vegetarian .
Both straight and gay couples are encouraged to apply .
www.LoveHoney.co.uk is the UK ’s leading women - friendly online sex toy retailer , forging the way for women to buy sex toys confidently , comfortably , and at the lowest prices in the UK .
Brother site www.CockLocker.co.uk continues to do the same for gay men the world over .
For further details on either site see below .
For more information please contact Ali Carnegie on 01225 318881 or ali@LoveHoney.co.uk
The office has been linked to many health issues , including job stress the impacts of workplace bullying , shown to afflict up to 30 percent of employees .
From a screaming boss to snubbing colleagues , bullies can create what victims describe as a â€œ war zone .â€ Scientists found that using metaphors to communicate their experiences could help managers put the brakes on the behavior before it escalates into an established pattern , one resulting in company costs .
The office might be far from the playground , but it ’s not off limits to bullies .
From a screaming boss to snubbing colleagues , bullies can create a “ war zone ” in the workplace .
In a recent study , bullied employees likened their experiences to a battle , water torture , a nightmare or a noxious substance .
Understanding the seriousness of workplace bullying and what it feels like to get bullied could help managers put the brakes on the behavior , shown to afflict 25 to 30 percent of employees sometime during their careers .
“ Many Americans are familiar with sexual and racial harassment , but not generalized workplace bullying , ” said study team member Sarah Tracy of Arizona State University .
Bullying can lead to higher company costs including increased employee illness , use of sick days , and medical costs , ultimately affecting productivity , she added .
Workplace bullying can include “ screaming , cursing , spreading vicious rumors , destroying the target ’s property or work product , excessive criticism , and sometimes hitting , slapping , and shoving . ”
Subtle behaviors , such as silent treatment , disregard of requests and exclusion from meetings , count as bullying .
Bully icons
The scientists interviewed 17 women and 10 men ranging from 26 to 72 years old , who had experienced bullying .
Often , people have trouble putting into words their emotions surrounding bully behavior .
So the researchers analyzed the metaphors found throughout the participants ’ descriptions of bullying .
More than any other metaphor , participants characterized bullying as a contest or battle , with a female religious educator saying , “ I have been maimed . …
I ’ve been character assassinated . ”
Others expressed feeling “ beaten , abused , ripped , broken , scared and eviscerated , ” the researchers stated in the upcoming issue of the journal Management Communication Quarterly .
The bullies were described as two - faced actors , narcissistic dictators and devils , leading workers to feel like vulnerable children , slaves and prisoners in these situations .
As one employee explained , " I feel like I have ' kick me ' tattooed on my forehead . "
Bully - proof office
How can you take the bite out of a bully - fied office ?
“ An important first step of changing workplace bullying , is helping people to understand that it 's more than just kid stuff , ” Tracy told LiveScience .
Early intervention can nip bullying in the bud before it escalates into an established pattern , one resulting in high company costs .
The problem is that most bully victims keep their mouths shut , whispering their horrid experiences to close friends rather than higher - ups .
The use of metaphors , the researchers suggested , is more subtle and more likely to seep into conversations both public and private .
The scientists will continue examining the prevalence and impact of workplace bullying .
In another research project , which will be published in an upcoming issue of the Journal of Management Studies , they found that out of more than 400 U.S. workers surveyed , 25 percent were bullied at work .
Gorillas Pound Chests , Men Check Cell Phones
According to research conducted at Sheffield Hallam University , men flash their cell phones in order to : attract women , look important , and show off to male peers .
They needed research to prove this ?
I have always thought that looking important and / or popular was the single biggest driver of cell phone use .
It ’s amazing to me how often someone will use a phone in public and then , once they ’re away from inquisitive eyes , do something else .
I am also amazed at how desperate people are to turn on their phones the moment a plane lands .
I admit that I am among those desperate people — because I want to read my e-mail .
But I like e-mail a lot more than talking on the phone .
E-mail is the ultimate time - shift mechanism , and I am thankful for it every day .
To Home page
The Road To Serfdom
by F.A. Hayek
This is a condensed and abridged version , reproduced without permission .
The full book is available from Laissez Faire Books
Their book reviews are great reading , and you can order books by email .
THE AUTHOR has spent about half his adult life in his native Austria , in close touch with German thought , and the other half in the United States and England .
In the latter period he has become increasingly convinced that some of the forces which destroyed freedom in Germany are also at work here .
The very magnitude of the outrages committed by the National Socialists has strengthened the assurance that a totalitarian system cannot happen here .
But let us remember that 15 years ago the possibility of such a thing happening in Germany would have appeared just as fantastic not only to nine tenths of the Germans themselves but also to the most hostile foreign observer .
There are many features which were then regarded as " typically German " which are now equally familiar in America and England , and many symptoms that point to a further development in the same direction : the increasing veneration for the state , the fatalistic acceptance of " inevitable trends , " the enthusiasm for " organization " of everything ( we now call it " planning " ) .
The character of the danger is , if possible , even less understood here than it was in Germany .
The supreme tragedy is still not seen that in Germany it was largely people of good will , who , by their socialist policies , prepared the way for the forces which stand for everything they detest .
Few recognize that the rise of fascism and Nazism was not a reaction against the socialist trends of the preceding period but a necessary outcome of those tendencies .
Yet it is significant that many of the leaders of these movements , from Mussolini down ( and including Laval and Quisling ) began as socialists and ended as fascists or Nazis .
In the democracies at present , many who sincerely hate all of Nazism 's manifestations are working for ideals whose realization would lead straight to the abhorred tyranny .
Most of the people whose views influence developments are in some measure socialists .
They believe that our economic life should be " consciously directed , " that we should substitute " economic planning " for the competitive system .
Yet is there a greater tragedy imaginable than that , in our endeavor consciously to shape our future in accordance with high ideals , we should in fact unwittingly produce the very opposite of what we have been striving for ?
Planning and Power
IN ORDER to achieve their ends , the planners must create power — power over men wielded by other men — of a magnitude never before known .
Their success will depend on the extent to which they achieve such power .
Democracy is an obstacle to this suppression of freedom which the centralized direction of economic activity requires .
Hence arises the clash between planning - and democracy .
Many socialists have the tragic illusion that by depriving private individuals of the power they possess in an individualist system , and transferring this power to society , they thereby extinguish power .
What they overlook is that , by concentrating power so that it can be used in the service of a single plan , it is not merely transformed but infinitely heightened .
By uniting in the hands of some single body power formerly exercised independently by many , an amount of power is created infinitely greater than any that existed before , so much more far - reaching as almost to be different in kind .
It is entirely fallacious to argue that the great power exercised by a central planning board would be " no greater than the power collectively exercised by private boards of directors . "
There is , in a competitive society , nobody who can exercise even a fraction of the power which a socialist planning board would possess .
To decentralize power is to reduce the absolute amount of power , and the competitive system is the only system designed to minimize the power exercised by man over man .
Who can seriously doubt that the power which a millionaire , who may be my employer , has over me is very much less than that which the smallest bureaucrat possesses who wields the coercive power of the state and on whose discretion it depends how I am allowed to live and work ?
In every real sense a badly paid unskilled workman in this country has more freedom to shape his life than many an employer in Germany or a much better paid engineer or manager in Russia .
If he wants to change his job or the place where he lives , if he wants to profess certain views or spend his leisure in a particular way , he faces no absolute impediments .
There are no dangers to bodily security and freedom that confine him by brute force to the task and environment to which a superior has assigned him .
Our generation has forgotten that the system of private property is the most important guaranty of freedom .
It is only because the control of the means of production is divided among many people acting independently that we as individuals can decide what to do with ourselves .
When all the means of production are vested in a single hand , whether it be nominally that of " society " as a whole or that of a dictator , whoever exercises this control has complete power over us .
In the hands of private individuals , what is called economic power can be an instrument of coercion , but it is never control over the whole life of a person .
But when economic power is centralized as an instrument of political power it creates a degree of dependence scarcely distinguishable from slavery .
It has been well said that , in a country where the sole employer is the state , opposition means death by slow starvation .
Background to Danger
INDIVIDUALISM , in contrast to socialism and all other forms of totalitarianism , is based on the respect of Christianity for the individual man and the belief that it is desirable that men should be free to develop their own individual gifts and bents .
This philosophy , first fully developed during the Renaissance , grew and spread into what we know as Western civilization .
The general direction of social development was one of freeing the individual from the ties which bound him in feudal society .
Perhaps the greatest result of this unchaining of individual energies was the marvelous growth of science .
Only since industrial freedom opened the path to the free use of new knowledge , only since everything could be tried - if somebody could be found to back it at his own risk — has science made the great strides which in the last 150 years have changed the face of the world .
The result of this growth surpassed all expectations .
Wherever the barriers to the Gee exercise of human ingenuity were removed , man became rapidly able to satisfy ever - widening ranges of desire .
By the , beginning of the 20th century the workingman in the Western World had reached a degree of material comfort , security and personal independence which 100 years before had hardly seemed possible .
The effect of this success was to create among men a new sense of power over their own fate , the belief in the unbounded possibilities of improving their own lot .
What had been achieved came to be regarded as a secure and imperishable possession , acquired once and for all ; and the rate of progress began to seem too slow .
Moreover , the principles which had made this progress possible came to be regarded as obstacles to speedier progress , impatiently to be brushed away .
It might be said that the very success of liberalism became the cause of its decline .
No sensible person should have doubted that the economic principles of the 19th century were only a beginning — that there were immense possibilities of advancement on the lines on which we had moved .
But according to the views now dominant , the question is no longer how we can make the best use of the spontaneous forces found in a free society .
We have in effect undertaken to dispense with these forces and to replace them by collective and " conscious " direction .
It is significant that this abandonment of liberalism , whether expressed as socialism in its more radical form or merely as " organization " or " planning , " was perfected in Germany .
During the last quarter of the 19th century and the first quarter of the 20th , Germany moved far ahead in both the theory and the practice of socialism , so that even today Russian discussion largely carries on where the Germans left off .
The Germans , long before the Nazis , were attacking liberalism and democracy , capitalism and individualism .
Long before the Nazis , too , the German and Italian socialists were using techniques of which the Nazis and Fascists later made effective use .
The idea of a political party which embraces all activities of the individual from the cradle to the grave , which claims to guide his views on everything , was first put into practice by the socialists .
It was not the Fascists but the socialists who began to collect children at the tenderest age into political organizations to direct their thinking .
It was not the Fascists but the socialists who first thought of organizing sports and games , football and hiking , in party clubs where the members would not be infected by other views .
It was the socialists who first insisted that the party member should distinguish himself from others by the modes of greeting and the forms of address .
It was they who , by their organization of " cells " and devices for the permanent supervision of private life , created the prototype of the totalitarian party .
By the time Hitler came to power , liberalism was dead in Germany .
And it was socialism that had killed it .
To many who have watched the transition from socialism to fascism at close quarters the connection between the two systems has become increasingly obvious , but in the democracies the majority of people still believe that socialism and freedom can be combined .
They do not realize that democratic socialism , the great utopia of the last few generations , is not only unachievable but that to strive for it produces something utterly different - the very destruction of freedom itself .
As has been aptly said : " What has always made the state a hell on earth has been precisely that man has tried to make it his heaven . "
It is disquieting to see in England and the United States today the same drawing together of forces and nearly the same contempt of all that is liberal in the old sense .
" Conservative socialism " was the slogan under which a large number of writers prepared the atmosphere in which National Socialism succeeded .
It is " conservative socialism " which is the dominant trend among us now .
The Liberal Way of Planning
" PLANNING " owes its popularity largely to the fact that everybody desires , of course , that we should handle our common problems with as much foresight as possible .
The dispute between the modern planners and the liberals is not on whether we ought to employ systematic thinking in planning our affairs .
It is a dispute about what is the best way of so doing .
The question is whether we should create conditions under which the knowledge and initiative of individuals are given the best scope so that they can plan most successfully ; or whether we should direct and organize all economic activities according to a " blue - print , " that is , " consciously direct the resources of society to conform to the planners ' particular views of who should have what . "
It is important not to confuse opposition against the latter kind of planning with a dogmatic laissez faire attitude .
The liberal argument does not advocate leaving things just as they are ; it favors making the best possible use of the forces of competition as a means of coordinating human efforts .
It is based on the conviction that , where effective competition can be created , it is a better way of guiding individual efforts than any other .
It emphasizes that in order to make competition work beneficially a carefully thought - out legal framework is required , and that neither the past nor the existing legal rules are free from grave defects .
Liberalism is opposed , however , to supplanting competition by inferior methods of guiding economic activity .
And it regards competition as superior not only because in most circumstances it is the most efficient method known but because it is the only method which does not require the coercive or arbitrary intervention of authority .
It dispenses with the need for " conscious social control " and gives individuals a chance to decide whether the prospects of a particular occupation are sufficient to compensate for the disadvantages connected with it .
The successful use of competition does not preclude some types of government interference .
For instance , to limit working hours , to require certain sanitary arrangements , to provide an extensive system of social services is fully compatible with the preservation of competition .
There are , too , certain fields where the system of competition is impracticable .
For example , the harmful effects of deforestation or of the smoke of factories cannot be confined to the owner of the property in question .
But the fact that we have to resort to direct regulation by authority where the conditions for the proper working of competition cannot be created does not prove that we should suppress competition where it can be made to function .
To create conditions in which competition will be as effective as possible , to prevent fraud and deception , to break up monopolies — these tasks provide a wide and unquestioned field for state activity .
This does not mean that it is possible to find some " middle way " between competition and central direction , though nothing seems at first more plausible , or is more likely to appeal to reasonable people .
Mere common sense proves a treacherous guide in this field .
Although competition can bear some admixture of regulation , it cannot be combined with planning to any extent we like without ceasing to operate as an effective guide to production .
Both competition and central direction become poor and inefficient tools if they are incomplete , and a mixture of the two - means that neither will work .
Planning and competition can be combined only by planning for competition , not by planning against competition .
The planning against which all our criticism is directed is solely the planning against competition .
The Great Utopia
THERE CAN BE no doubt that most of those in the democracies who demand a central direction of all economic activity still believe that socialism and individual freedom can be combined .
Yet socialism was early recognized by many thinkers as the gravest threat to freedom .
It is rarely remembered now that socialism in its beginnings was frankly authoritarian .
It began quite openly as a reaction against the liberalism of the French Revolution .
The French writers who laid its foundation had no doubt that their ideas could be put into practice only by a strong dictatorial government .
The first of modern planners , Saint - Simon , predicted that those who did not obey his proposed planning boards would be " treated as cattle . "
Nobody saw more clearly than the great political thinker de Tocqueville that democracy stands in an irreconcilable conflict with socialism : " Democracy extends the sphere of individual freedom , " he said .
" Democracy attaches all possible value to each man , " he said in 1848 , " while socialism makes each man a mere agent , a mere number .
Democracy and socialism have nothing in common but one word : equality .
But notice the difference : while democracy seeks equality in liberty , socialism seeks equality in restraint and servitude . "
To allay these suspicions and to harness to its cart the strongest of all political motives — the craving for freedom — socialists began increasingly to make use of the promise of a " new freedom . "
Socialism was to bring " economic freedom , " without which political freedom was " not worth having . "
To make this argument sound plausible , the word " freedom " was subjected to a subtle change in meaning .
The word had formerly meant freedom from coercion , from the arbitrary power of other men .
Now it was made to mean freedom from necessity , release from the compulsion of the circumstances which inevitably limit the range of choice of all of us .
Freedom in this sense is , of course , merely another name for power or wealth .
The demand for the new freedom was thus only another name for the old demand for a redistribution of wealth .
The claim that a planned economy would produce a substantially larger output than the competitive system is being progressively abandoned by most students of the problem .
Yet it is this false hope as much as anything which drives us along the road to planning .
Although our modern socialists ' promise of greater freedom is genuine and sincere , in recent years observer after observer has been impressed by the unforeseen consequences of socialism , the extraordinary similarity in many respects of the conditions under " communism " and " fascism . "
As the writer Peter Drucker expressed it in 1939 , " the complete collapse of the belief in the attainability of freedom and equality through Marxism has forced Russia to travel the same road toward a totalitarian society of un - freedom and inequality which Germany has been following .
Not that communism and fascism are essentially the same .
Fascism is the stage reached after communism has proved an illusion , and it has proved as much an illusion in Russia as in pre-Hitler Germany . "
No less significant is the intellectual outlook of the rank and file in the communist and fascist movements in Germany before 1933 .
The relative ease with which a young communist could be converted into a Nazi or vice versa was well known , best of all to the propagandists of the two parties .
The communists and Nazis clashed more frequently with each other than with other parties simply because they competed for the same type of mind and reserved for each other the hatred of the heretic .
Their practice showed how closely they are related .
To both , the real enemy , the man with whom they had nothing in common , was the liberal of the old type .
While to the Nazi the communist and to the communist the Nazi , and to both the socialist , are potential recruits made of the right timber , they both know that there can be no compromise between them and those who really believe in individual freedom .
What is promised to us as the Road to Freedom is in fact the Highroad to Servitude .
For it is not difficult to see what must be the consequences when democracy embarks upon a course of planning .
The goal of the planning will be described by some such vague term as " the general welfare . "
There will be no real agreement as to the ends to be attained , and the effect of the people 's agreeing that there must be central planning , without agreeing on the ends , will be rather as if a group of people were to commit themselves to take a journey together without agreeing where they want to go : with the result that they may all have to make a journey which most of them do not want at all .
Democratic assemblies cannot function as planning agencies .
They cannot produce agreement on everything — the whole direction of the resources of the nation - for the number of possible courses of action will be legion .
Even if a congress could , by proceeding step by step and compromising at each point , agree on some scheme , it would certainly in the end satisfy nobody .
To draw up an economic plan in this fashion is even less possible than , for instance , successfully to plan a military campaign by democratic procedure .
As in strategy it would become inevitable to delegate the task to experts .
And even if , by this expedient , a democracy should succeed in planning every sector of economic activity , it would still have to face the problem of integrating these separate plans into a unitary whole .
There will be a stronger and stronger demand that some board or some single individual should be given power to act on their own responsibility .
The cry for an economic dictator is a characteristic stage in the movement toward planning .
Thus the legislative body will be reduced to choosing the persons who are to have practically absolute power .
The whole system will tend toward that kind of dictatorship in which the head of the government is position by popular vote , but where he has all the powers at his command to make certain that the vote will go in the direction he desires .
Planning leads to dictatorship because dictatorship is the most effective instrument of coercion and , as such , essential if central planning on a large scale is to be possible .
There is no justification for the widespread belief that , so long as power is conferred by democratic procedure , it cannot be arbitrary ; it is not the source of power which prevents it from being arbitrary ; to be free from dictatorial qualities , the power must also be limited .
A true " dictatorship of the proletariat , " even if democratic in form , if it undertook centrally to direct the economic system , would probably destroy personal freedom as completely as any autocracy has ever done .
Individual freedom cannot be reconciled with the supremacy of one single purpose to which the whole of society is permanently subordinated .
To a limited extent we ourselves experience this fact in wartime , when subordination of almost everything to the immediate and pressing need is the price at which we preserve our freedom in the long run .
The fashionable phrases about doing for the purposes of peace what we have learned .
to do for the purposes of war are completely misleading , for it is sensible temporarily to sacrifice freedom in order to make it more secure in the future , but it is quite a different thing to sacrifice liberty permanently in the interests of a planned economy .
To those who have watched the transition from socialism to fascism at close quarters , the connection between the two systems is obvious .
The realization of the socialist program means the destruction of freedom .
Democratic socialism , the great utopia of the last few generations , is simply not achievable .
Why the Worst Get on Top
NO DOUBT an American or English " fascist " system would greatly differ from the Italian or German models ; no doubt , if the transition were effected without violence , we might expect to get a better type of leader .
Yet this does not mean that our fascist system would in the end prove very different or much less intolerable than its prototypes .
There are strong reasons for believing that the worst features of the totalitarian systems are phenomena which totalitarianism is certain sooner or later to produce .
Just as the democratic statesman who sets out to plan economic life will soon be confronted with the alternative of either assuming dictatorial powers or abandoning his plans , so the totalitarian leader would soon have to choose between disregard of ordinary morals and failure .
It is for this reason that the unscrupulous are likely to be more successful in a society tending toward totalitarianism .
Who does not see this has not yet grasped the full width of the gulf which separates totalitarianism from the essentially individualist Western civilization .
The totalitarian leader must collect around him a group which is prepared voluntarily to submit to that discipline which they are to impose by force upon the rest of the people .
That socialism can be put info practice only by methods which most socialists disapprove is , of course , a lesson learned by many social reformers in the past .
The old socialist parties were inhibited by their democratic ideals ; they did not possess the ruthlessness required for the performance of their chosen task .
It is characteristic that both in Germany and in Italy the success of fascism was preceded by the refusal of the socialist parties to take over the responsibilities of government .
They were unwilling wholeheartedly to employ the methods to which they had pointed the way .
They still hoped for the miracle of a majority 's agreeing on a particular plan for the organization of the whole of society .
Others had already learned the lesson that in a planned society the question can no longer be on what do a majority of the people agree but what the largest single group is whose members agree sufficiently to make unified direction of all affairs possible .
There are three main reasons why such a numerous group , with fairly similar views , is not likely to be formed by the best but rather by the worst elements of any society .
First , the higher the education and intelligence of individuals become , the more their tastes and views are differentiated .
If we wish to find a high degree of uniformity in outlook , we have to descend to the regions of your moral and intellectual standards where the more primitive instincts prevail .
This does not mean that the majority of people have low moral standards ; it merely means that the largest group of people whose values are very similar are the people with low standards .
Second , since this group is not large enough to give sufficient weight to the leader 's endeavors , he will have to increase their numbers by converting more to the same simple creed .
He must gain the support of the docile and gullible , who have no strong convictions of their own but are ready to accept a ready - made system of values if it is only drummed into their ears sufficiently loudly and frequently .
It will be those whose vague and imperfectly formed ideas are easily swayed and whose passions and emotions are readily aroused who will thus swell the ranks of the totalitarian party .
Third , to weld together a closely coherent body of supporters , the leader must appeal to a common human weakness .
It seems to be easier for people to agree on a negative program — on the hatred of an enemy , on the envy of those better off - than on any positive task .
The contrast between the " we " and the " they " is consequently always employed by those who seek the allegiance of huge masses .
The enemy may be internal , like the " Jew " in Germany or the " kulak " in Russia , or he may be external .
In any case , this technique has the great advantage of leaving the leader greater freedom of action than would almost any positive program .
Advancement within a totalitarian group or party depends largely on a willingness to do immoral things .
The principle that the end justifies the means , which in individualist ethics is regarded as the denial of all morals , in collectivist ethics becomes necessarily the supreme rule .
There is literally nothing which the consistent collectivist must not be prepared to do if it serves " the good of the whole , " because that is to him the only criterion of what ought to be done .
Once you admit that the individual is merely a means to serve the ends of the higher entity called society or the nation , most of those features of totalitarianism which horrify us follow of necessity .
From the collectivist standpoint intolerance and brutal suppression of dissent , deception and spying , the complete disregard of the life and happiness of the individual are essential and unavoidable .
Acts which revolt all our feelings , such as the shooting of hostages or the killing of the old or sick , are treated as mere matters of expediency ; the compulsory uprooting and transportation of hundreds of thousands becomes an instrument of policy approved by almost everybody except the victims .
To be a useful assistant in the running of a totalitarian state , therefore , a man must be prepared to break every moral rule he has ever known if this seems necessary to achieve the end set for him .
In the totalitarian machine there will be special opportunities for the ruthless and unscrupulous .
Neither the Gestapo nor the administration of a concentration camp , neither the Ministry of Propaganda nor the SA or SS ( or their Russian counterparts ) are suitable places for the exercise of humanitarian feelings .
Yet it is through such positions that the road to the highest positions in the totalitarian state leads .
A distinguished American economist , Professor Frank H. Knight , correctly notes that the authorities of a collectivist state " would have to do these things whether they wanted to or not : and the probability of the people in power being individuals who would dislike the possession and exercise of power is on a level with the probability that an extremely tenderhearted person would get the job of whipping master in a slave plantation . "
A further point should be made here : Collectivism means the end of truth .
To make a totalitarian system function efficiently , it is not enough that everybody should be forced to work for the ends selected by those in control ; it is essential that the people should come to regard these ends as their own .
This is brought about by propaganda and by complete control of all sources of information .
The most effective way of making people accept the validity of the values they are to serve is to persuade them that they are really the same as those they have always held , but which were not properly understood or recognized before .
And the most efficient technique to this end is to use the old words but change their meaning .
Few traits of totalitarian regimes are at the same time so confusing to the superficial observer and yet so characteristic of the whole intellectual climate as this complete perversion of language .
The worst sufferer in this respect is the word " liberty . "
It is a word used as freely in totalitarian states as elsewhere .
Indeed , it could almost be said that wherever liberty as we know it has been destroyed , this has been done in the name of some new freedom promised to the people .
Even among us we have planners who promise us a " collective freedom , " which is as misleading as anything said by totalitarian politicians .
" Collective freedom " is not the freedom of the members of society but the unlimited freedom of the planner to do with society that which he pleases .
This is the confusion of freedom with power carried to the extreme .
It is not difficult to deprive the seat majority of independent thought .
But the minority who will retain an inclination to criticize must also be silenced .
Public criticism or even expressions of doubt must be suppressed because they tend to weaken support of the regime .
As Sidney and Beatrice Webb report of the position in every Russian enterprise : " Whilst the work is in progress , any public expression of doubt that the plan will be successful is an act of disloyalty and even of treachery because of its possible effect on the will and efforts of the rest of the staff . "
Control extends even to subjects which seem to have no political significance .
The theory of relativity , for instance , has been opposed as a " Semitic attack on the foundation of Christian and Nordic physics " and because it is " in conflict with dialectical materialism and Marxist dogma . "
Every activity must derive its justification from conscious social purpose .
There must be no spontaneous , unguided activity , because it might produce results which cannot be foreseen and for which the plan does not provide .
The principle extends even to games and amusements .
I leave it to the reader to guess where it was that chess players were officially exhorted that " we must finish once and for all with the neutrality of chess .
We must condemn once and for all the formula ' chess for the sake of chess . ' "
Perhaps the most alarming fact is that contempt for intellectual liberty is not a thing which arises only once the totalitarian system is established but can be found everywhere among those who have embraced a collectivist faith .
The worst oppression is condoned if it is committed in the name of socialism .
Intolerance of opposing ideas is openly extolled ;
The tragedy of collectivist thought is that , while it starts out to make reason supreme , it ends by destroying reason .
There is one aspect of the change in moral values brought about by the advance of collectivism which provides special food for thought .
It is that the virtues which are held less and less in esteem in Britain and America are precisely those on which Anglo - Saxons justly prided themselves and in which they were generally recognized to excel .
These virtues were independence and self - reliance , individual initiative and local responsibility , the successful reliance on voluntary activity , noninterference with one 's neighbor and tolerance of the different , and a healthy suspicion of power and authority .
Almost all the traditions and institutions which have molded the national character and the whole moral climate of England and America are those which the progress of collectivism and its centralistic tendencies are progressively destroying .
Planning vs. the Rule of Law
NOTHING distinguishes more clearly a free country from a country under arbitrary government than the observance in the former of the great principles known as the Rule of Law .
Stripped of technicalities , this means that government in all its actions is bound by rules fixed and announced beforehand
Two Kinds of Security
LIKE the spurious " economic freedom , " and with more justice , economic security is often represented as an indispensable condition of real liberty .
In a sense this is both true and important .
Independence of mind or strength of character is rarely found among those who cannot be confident that they will make their way by their own effort .
But there are two kinds of security : the certainty of a given minimum of sustenance for all and the security of a given standard of life , of the relative position which one person or group enjoys compared with others .
There is no reason why , in a society which has reached the general level of wealth ours has , the first kind of security should not be guaranteed to all without endangering general freedom ; that is : some minimum of food , shelter and clothing , sufficient to preserve health .
Nor is there any reason why the state should not help to organize a comprehensive system of social insurance in providing for those common hazards of life against which few can make adequate provision .
It is planning for security of the second kind which has such an insidious effect on liberty .
It is planning designed to protect individuals or groups against diminutions of their incomes .
Limitation of output so that prices will secure an “ adequate ” return , is the only way in which in a market economy producers can be guaranteed a certain income .
If , as has become increasingly true , in each trade in which conditions improve , the members are allowed to exclude others in order to secure to themselves the full gain in the form of higher wages or profits , those in the trades where demand has fallen have nowhere to go , and every change becomes the cause of large unemployment .
There can be little doubt that it is largely a consequence of the striving for security by these means in the last decades that unemployment and thus insecurity have so much increased .
The utter hopelessness of the position of those who , in a society which has thus grown rigid , are left outside the range of sheltered occupation , can be appreciated only by those who have experienced it .
There has never been a more cruel exploitation of one class by another than that of the less fortunate members of a group of producers by the well - established .
This has been made possible by the " regulation " of competition .
Few catch - words have done so much harm as the ideal of a " stabilization " of particular prices or wages , which , while securing the income of some , makes the position of the rest more and more precarious .
In England and America special privileges , especially in the form of the " regulation " of competition , the " stabilization " of particular prices and wages , have assumed increasing importance .
With every grant of such security to one group the insecurity of the rest necessarily increases .
If you guarantee to some a fixed part of a variable cake , the share left to the rest is bound to fluctuate proportionally more than the size of the whole .
And the essential element of security which the competitive system offers , the great variety of opportunities , is more and more reduced .
The general endeavor to achieve security by restrictive measures , supported by the state , has in the course of time produced a progressive transformation of society - a transformation in which , as in so many other ways , Germany has led and the other countries have followed .
This development has been hastened by another effect of socialist teaching , the deliberate disparagement of all activities involving economic risk and the moral opprobrium cast on the gains which make risks worth taking but which only few can win .
We cannot blame our young men when they prefer the safe , salaried position to the risk of enterprise after they have heard from their earliest youth the former described as the superior , more unselfish and disinterested occupation .
The younger generation of today has grown up in a world in which , in school and press , the spirit of commercial enterprise has been represented as disreputable and the making of profit as immoral , where to employ 100 people is represented as exploitation but to command the same number as honorable .
Older people may regard this as an exaggeration , but the daily experience of the university teacher leaves little doubt that , as a result of anticapitalist propaganda , values have already altered far in advance of the change in institutions which has so far taken place .
The question is whether , by changing our institutions to satisfy the new demands , we shall not unwittingly destroy values which we still rate higher .
The conflict with which we have to deal is a fundamental one between two irreconcilable types of social organization , which have often been described as the commercial and the military .
In either both choice and risk rest with the individual or he is relieved or both .
In the army , work and worker alike are allotted by authority , and this is the only system in which the individual can be conceded full economic security .
This security is , however , inseparable from the restrictions on liberty and the hierarchical order of military life - it is the security of the barracks .
In a society used to freedom it is unlikely that many people would be ready deliberately to purchase security ar this price .
But the policies which are followed now are nevertheless rapidly creating conditions in which the striving for security tends to become stronger than the love of freedom .
If we are not to destroy individual freedom , competition must be left to function unobstructed .
Let a uniform minimum be secured to everybody by all means ; but let us admit at the same time that all claims for a privileged security of particular classes must lapse , that all excuses disappear for allowing particular groups to exclude newcomers from sharing their relative prosperity in order to maintain a special standard of their own .
There can be no question that adequate security against severe privation will have to be one of our main goals of policy .
But nothing is more fatal than the present fashion of intellectual leaders of extolling security at the expense of freedom .
It is essential that we should relearn frankly to face the fact that freedom can be had only at a price and that as individuals we must be prepared to make severe material sacrifices to preserve it .
We must regain the conviction on which liberty in the Anglo - Saxon countries has been based and which Benjamin Franklin expressed in a phrase applicable to us as individuals no less than as nations : " Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety . "
Toward a Better World
TO BUILD a better world , we must have the courage to make a new start .
We must clear away the obstacles with which human folly has recently encumbered our path and release the creative energy of individuals ;
We must create conditions favorable to progress rather than " planning progress . "
It is not those who cry for more " planning " who show the necessary courage , nor those who preach a " New Order , " which is no more than a continuation of the tendencies of the past 40 years ; and who can think of nothing better than to imitate Hitler .
It is , indeed , those who cry loudest for a planned economy who are most completely under the sway of the ideas which have created this war and most of the evils from which we suffer .
The guiding principle in any attempt to create a world of free men must be this :
A policy of freedom for the individual is the only truly progressive policy .
Surprisingly , many people still do n’t know that America is the only country in the developed world without universal government - supported healthcare .
We alone allow entire classes of citizens to simply fall through the cracks , for whom waiting for surgery is a non-issue and a single bad turn can wipe out the life savings , eat the house and leave you bankrupt .
An astonishing number of Americans either cannot afford coverage or due to actuarial decisions by the insurance biz cannot find it at any cost .
In that light this rundown of western healthcare systems by a writer at Daily Kos is extremely interesting .
Take the example of Taiwan :
Taiwan enacted its single - payer national health insurance program in 1995 ; in all estimates , it has been very successful .
Taiwan enacted the program ( from multiple insurance companies , like the United States ) to the single - payer system with no measurable increase in costs , while insuring more than 8 million Taiwanese citizens who previously lacked insurance .
While utilization did increase , its costs were largely offset by the enormous savings under single - payer .
Taiwan also did not report any increase in queues or waits for services .
Huh .
Taiwan must have some unique socioeconomic factors that prevented those rightwing doomsday scenarios from materializing , right ?
Actually I doubt it .
If every developed country on Earth can provide a similar level of care to each citizen and for less money than we pay then odds are very good that we can do it too .
Our problems simply are n’t that unique .
This blurb also deserves a mention :
The most highly - privatized system in Europe is probably Switzerland .
Even there , private insurance companies are required by law to be nonprofit , their premiums , benefit structures and plans are set by the government , they are required to community - rate ( i.e. they are not allowed to screen out the sick and deny them coverage , the fundamental way that U.S. insurance companies make money ) , and – get this – if one of them happens to enroll a healthier population and make more money , they have to give it away to the companies that made less .
Can you imagine U.S. health insurance companies being any more likely to go for that than for single - payer ?
They might as well go out of business !
The idea that a system like that is going to make a proposal more “ politically feasible ” is totally ridiculous .
Democratic candidates should stop trying to get insurers on board with their healthcare plans .
Really , just stop .
It wo n’t happen .
Smart politicians will follow Andy Stern ’s lead and find potent allies whose business interests perfectly align with what we already want to do .
Insurers will counterweight with fierce support for the Republicans , which for political reasons is exactly where I want them to be .
Let the GOP define itself in favor of keeping huge sections of America just one emergency room visit away from bankruptcy , and we ’ll see how many seats they pick up in ’08 .
We may already have ‘ met ’ Martian organisms , according to a paper presented Sunday ( Jan. 7 ) at the meeting of the American Astronomical Society in Seattle .
Dirk Schulze - Makuch of Washington State University and Joop Houtkooper of Justus - Liebig - University , Giessen , Germany , argue that even as new missions to Mars seek evidence that the planet might once have supported life , we already have data showing that life exists there now — data from experiments done by the Viking Mars landers in the late 1970s .
“ I think the Viking results have been a little bit neglected in the last 10 years or more , ” said Schulze - Makuch .
“ But actually , we got a lot of data there . ”
He said recent findings about Earth organisms that live in extreme environments and improvements in our understanding of conditions on Mars give astrobiologists new ways of looking at the 30 - year - old data .
The researchers hypothesize that Mars is home to microbe - like organisms that use a mixture of water and hydrogen peroxide as their internal fluid .
Such a mixture would provide at least three clear benefits to organisms in the cold , dry Martian environment , said Schulze - Makuch .
Its freezing point is as low as - 56.5o C ( depending on the concentration of H 2 O 2 ) ; below that temperature it becomes firm but does not form cell - destroying crystals , as water ice does ; and H 2 O 2 is hygroscopic , which means it attracts water vapor from the atmosphere — a valuable trait on a planet where liquid water is rare .
Schulze - Makuch said that despite hydrogen peroxide ’s reputation as a powerful disinfectant , the fluid is also compatible with biological processes if it is accompanied by stabilizing compounds that protect cells from its harmful effects .
It performs useful functions inside cells of many terrestrial organisms , including mammals .
Some soil microbes tolerate high levels of H 2 O 2 in their surroundings , and the species Acetobacter peroxidans uses hydrogen peroxide in its metabolism .
Possibly the most vivid use of hydrogen peroxide by an Earth organism is performed by the bombardier beetle ( Brachinus ) , which produces a solution of 25 percent hydrogen peroxide in water as a defensive spray .
The noxious liquid shoots from a special chamber at the beetle ’s rear end when the beetle is threatened .
He said scientists working on the Viking projects were n’t looking for organisms that rely on hydrogen peroxide , because at the time nobody was aware that such organisms could exist .
The study of extremophiles , organisms that thrive in conditions of extreme temperatures or chemical environments , has just taken off since the 90s , well after the Viking experiments were conducted .
The researchers argue that hydrogen peroxide - containing organisms could have produced almost all of the results observed in the Viking experiments .
• Hydrogen peroxide is a powerful oxidant .
When released from dying cells , it would sharply lower the amount of organic material in their surroundings .
This would help explain why Viking ’s gas chromatograph - mass spectrometer detected no organic compounds on the surface of Mars .
This result has also been questioned recently by Rafael Navarro - Gonzalez of the University of Mexico , who reported that similar instruments and methodology are unable to detect organic compounds in places on Earth , such as Antarctic dry valleys , where we know soil microorganisms exist .
• The Labeled Release experiment , in which samples of Martian soil ( and putative soil organisms ) were exposed to water and a nutrient source including radiolabeled carbon , showed rapid production of radiolabeled CO 2 which then leveled off .
Schulze - Makuch said the initial increase could have been due to metabolism by hydrogen peroxide - containing organisms , and the leveling off could have been due to the organisms dying from exposure to the experimental conditions .
He said that point has been argued for years by Gilbert Levin , who was a primary investigator on the original Viking team .
The new hypothesis explains why the experimental conditions would have been fatal : microbes using a water - hydrogen peroxide mixture would either “ drown ” or burst due to water absorption , if suddenly exposed to liquid water .
• The possibility that the tests killed the organisms they were looking for is also consistent with the results of the Pyrolytic Release experiment , in which radiolabeled CO 2 was converted to organic compounds by samples of Martian soil .
Of the seven tests done , three showed significant production of organic substances and one showed much higher production .
The variation could simply be due to patchy distribution of microbes , said Schulze - Makuch .
Perhaps most interesting was that the sample with the lowest production — lower even than the control — had been treated with liquid water .
The researchers acknowledge that their hypothesis requires further exploration .
“ We can be absolutely wrong , and there might not be organisms like that at all , ” said Schulze - Makuch .
“ But it ’s a consistent explanation that would explain the Viking results . ”
He said the Phoenix mission to Mars , which is scheduled for launch in August , 2007 , offers a good chance to further explore their hypothesis .
Although the mission ’s experiments were not designed with peroxide - containing organisms in mind , Phoenix will land in a sub- polar area , whose low temperatures and relatively high atmospheric water vapor ( from the nearby polar ice caps ) should provide better growing conditions for such microbes than the more “ tropical ” region visited by Viking .
Schulze - Makuch said the tests planned for the mission , including the use of two microscopes to examine samples at high magnification , could reveal whether we had the answer all along — and if we ’ve already introduced ourselves to our Martian neighbors in a harsher way than we intended .
“ If the hypothesis is true , it would mean that we killed the Martian microbes during our first extraterrestrial contact , by drowning — due to ignorance , ” said Schulze - Makuch .
Source : Washington State University
Explore further
Why lava tubes should be our top exploration priority on other worlds
Simulating Symmetric Multi-Processing with fork ( )
This example shows how to use excl.osi : fork on non-Windows platforms to utilize all available processors for Lisp computations .
It assumes that your application has compute bound parts which can be run in parallel .
In the source code linked at the end of this page , the " work " is simulated with a loop calling expt .
This technique is not appropriate for problems where the granularity of parallelism is very fine .
The overhead would be too large for those problems .
The overhead is such that around 11,500 calls per second can be made with this framework , on a 1.8 GHz x86_64 machine .
The first part of the example code is a framework for executing the work units on different processors .
The second part is a specific example using this framework .
This example does not use anything fancy to pass information between the parent and child processes , just the printer and reader .
The less information passed the less overhead there will be .
Terminology :
task : a unit of work , or in lisp terms an expression that can be evaluated
: a unit of work , or in lisp terms an expression that can be evaluated CPU : an actual hardware processor
: an actual hardware processor processor : an entity which can do work , or in terms of this example a lisp subprocess which performs a task on a CPU
There can ( and often will ) be more processors than CPUs , though if there are many more processors than CPUs then tasks might take much longer than expected to complete .
In the " Example " section , there is an example which is run with a varying number of processors .
For each run , there is an idea of the single processor time it would take to complete .
This is labeled " WORK " in the test run below .
In a theoretical sense , if there was 100 seconds of work to be done , 4 CPUs and the tasks the right size and independent of each other , you might get the work done in 25 seconds of real time .
Here is an example run on a 4 processor Opteron system .
Each processor is running at 1.8GHz .
cl-user ( 2 ) : ( run ) Detected 4 CPUs Iterations 40 , processors 2 , WORK : 8.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 4.164 Iterations 40 , processors 3 , WORK : 12.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 4.207 Iterations 40 , processors 4 , WORK : 16.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 4.18 Iterations 40 , processors 5 , WORK : 20.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 5.905 Iterations 40 , processors 6 , WORK : 24.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 7.075 Iterations 40 , processors 7 , WORK : 28.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 7.811 Iterations 40 , processors 8 , WORK : 32.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 8.717 Iterations 40 , processors 9 , WORK : 36.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 9.549 Iterations 40 , processors 10 , WORK : 40.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 10.525 Iterations 40 , processors 11 , WORK : 44.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 11.529 Iterations 40 , processors 12 , WORK : 48.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 12.535 nil cl-user ( 3 ) :
We can see the work is well distributed over the actual CPUs and the real time to complete the work is roughly work / cpus .
Now , let 's look at a Dual 2.4GHz Xeon system .
Due to hyperthreading the Linux kernel believes there are 4 processors on this system .
cl-user ( 2 ) : ( run ) Detected 4 CPUs Iterations 40 , processors 2 , WORK : 8.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 4.318 Iterations 40 , processors 3 , WORK : 12.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 5.452 Iterations 40 , processors 4 , WORK : 16.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 12.303 Iterations 40 , processors 5 , WORK : 20.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 14.495 Iterations 40 , processors 6 , WORK : 24.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 11.512 Iterations 40 , processors 7 , WORK : 28.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 17.971 Iterations 40 , processors 8 , WORK : 32.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 19.951 Iterations 40 , processors 9 , WORK : 36.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 26.855 Iterations 40 , processors 10 , WORK : 40.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 30.471 Iterations 40 , processors 11 , WORK : 44.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 27.072 Iterations 40 , processors 12 , WORK : 48.0 seconds , REAL TIME : 33.404 nil cl-user ( 3 ) :
Not nearly as good as the first system , which as it happens costs about 10 times as much .
For 12 processors it was close to 3 times as fast .
As was said at the outset , this approach is n't for every application .
It can be very useful without a lot of trouble .
The main benefit is that in the presence of multiple processors , an application can increase efficiency without a lot of work .
The downside , which can be overcome with good programming techniques , is that debugging is more difficult using this approach .
This is not that big a deal , since any serious server application will need to employ these same error recovery techniques .
Source Code
View or download .
Arschlochalarm !
Es war wieder nur ein Traum .
Aber eine Zeit lang hatte ich wirklich geglaubt , dass eine Hauptstadt Berlin den deutschen Köpfen gut tun , ihnen mehr Farbe und Gedankentiefe bescheren würde .
Aber die Macher der Mitte , Journalisten in erster Linie , sind seit langem auf dem Marsch in die Merkel - Republik
VON TOM SCHIMMECK
„ One of the most salient features of our culture is that there is so much bullshit . “
Harry G. Frankfurt : On Bullshit , 2005
Die Realität ?
Ein Albtraum .
Man braucht nur im letzten Sommersonnenlicht die Friedrichstraße herunterzubummeln .
Eine Mischung aus Gucci und Ernst & Young hat sich hier festgesetzt – Boutiquen , Firmenvertretungen , Immobilienholdings , Brand Consultancys , Cocktailbars .
Kein Problem , ein fesches Jackett für 2.500 Euro zu shoppen .
Aber schwer , ein nettes Gesicht zu finden , das einen geraden Satz herausbringt .
Wo ist der George Grosz , der diese Szene malt ?
Die Friedrichstraße ist die Schleimscheißermeile von Mitte , die Magistrale der „ Messagemacher “ , dieser Kamarilla der Lobbyisten , Werber , Marketingprofis , Public - Relations - Strategen , Kommunikationschefs und Eventmanager .
Am oberen Ende , auf der Chausseestraße , wo einst Wolf Biermann die Weltrevolution herbeizuklampfen suchte , wuseln sie in der alten Lokfabrik .
Die Zeiten ändern sich schnell .
Biermann wurde „ Chef - Kulturkorrespondent “ der Welt .
Und in der Chausseestraße baut bald der BND .
Ach , Berlin , wer hat dein Herz erobert ?
Zwischendrin : die Presse .
Über H & M , dem billigsten Laden in der Nobelzeile , residiert der Spiegel .
Bürochef Gabor Steingart , 43 , ein König der Hauptstadtpublizistik , fläzt auf der Ledercouch und sagt eine Cola lang , was Sache ist .
Sein Blick spricht Bände : „ Ich spiele bei den Großen mit , Kleiner .
Mach ’s kurz . “
Ist Berlin anders ?
Bonn war ihm zu piefig , klar .
Berlin ist „ hübscher , größer , geschichtsmächtiger “ , meint er . „ Und wir gehen alle besser essen miteinander . “
Aber letztlich ist das Geschäft doch das gleiche : Nähe herstellen , Vertrauen aufbauen , enge Bande knüpfen .
Die Konkurrenz um Zeit und Aufmerksamkeit der „ Spitzenpolitiker “ ist noch größer geworden .
„ Die Stadt “ , erklärt Steingart gelangweilt , „ ist doch nur Kulisse . “
Seine Lässigkeit Sir Steingart ist ein moderner Journalist .
Er , sagen die Kenner , hat politisch Carte blanche von Chefredakteur Aust , sorgt forsch dafür , dass der Spiegel heute dem neuen Mainstream vorantrötet und die letzten kulturpessimistischen Bedenkenträger endlich aus ihren Löchern treibt , all diese altlinken Multikultisozialromantiker , Gewerkschafter und andere „ Gutmenschen “ .
Steingart hat geholfen , den Spiegel , das einst so stolze „ Sturmgeschütz der Demokratie “ , umzurüsten zur Spritzpistole der Angela Merkel .
Er hat auch ein Buch geschrieben : „ Deutschland – der Abstieg eines Superstars “ .
Laurenz Meyer war ganz aus dem Häuschen vor Glück .
Das derzeit übliche , flott - dramatisch zugespitzt : Staat verschlanken , Wohlfahrtsunwesen abbauen , Tod dem Tarifkartell – Hausmannskost à la Westerwelle .
Was man eben so schreiben muss , wenn man ganz vorne mitmischen will beim „ Agenda - Setting “ .
Neoliberal ?
Nun wird er doch wach .
„ Neoliberal ist Quatsch .
Wirtschaft findet nicht allein in der Wirtschaft statt “ , doziert der Ökonom Steingart – immerhin : VWL , nicht BWL .
Es geht ihm doch nur um die „ Anerkennung der Realitäten der Globalisierung “ .
Er mag Wörter wie „ Wirklichkeit “ und „ Realität “ .
Das klingt absolut total kompetent .
Sollen die Linken doch spinnen .
„ Ich bin Realist . “
Gar keine Frage , dass so einer mehr sein will als ein Chronist .
„ Wir sind nicht nur Zaungäste “ , erklärt Steingart .
„ Wir haben letztlich eine ähnliche Rolle wie unsere Vorvorgänger bei Willy Brandts Ostpolitik . “
Sein Spiegel , sagt er , sei schlicht „ vorangegangen “ .
Klar , die letzten Linken der Redaktion hatten es schwer seit Lafontaines Abgang .
„ Journalismus braucht zuweilen Wirtstiere “ , meint er lächelnd .
„ Wir haben für Schröders Agenda mitgestritten . “
Wobei er gleich hinzufügt , dass Hartz IV politisch „ völlig vergurkt “ wurde .
„ Ehrlichkeit “ , sagt der Büroleiter zum Abschied , „ ist keine verbotene Zutat . “
Sein Vorgänger Jürgen Leinemann hat neulich in einer wunderbar ehrlichen Rede über die Zweifel , die Angst und die Verwirrungen der eigenen Zunft einen treffenden Satz gesagt : „ Die journalistische Freiheit wird in der Bundesrepublik heute viel weniger durch obrigkeitsstaatliche Pressionen bedroht als durch die weiche Knechtschaft einer eitlen Selbstverliebtheit . “
Im Kulturkaufhaus Dussmann , die Friedrichstraße ein Stück hinauf , stapeln sich Kampfschriften à la Steingart .
Merz , Miegel , Metzger , alles was das klamme deutsche
Herz begehrt , das ganze Ein-Ruck - muss - durch - Deutschland - gehen - Gewerbe ist hier im Regal vertreten .
„ Schluss mit lustig “ , ruft Peter Hahne .
„ Kopf hoch , Deutschland “ , meint Hajo Schumacher .
Die komplette Talkshowdauerbesatzung ist an Bord , auch Kapitän Henkel und Steuermann Späth .
Selbst Ober - Rucker Roman Herzog hat noch mal nachgelegt : „ Wie der Ruck gelingt “ .
Heinrich von Pierer , Allroundberater aller Regierungen , hat das Buch neulich , gleich um die Ecke , im Max - Liebermann - Haus vorgestellt .
Die Herrschaften sind in Mitte stets präsent , zerstechen hier täglich die Luft mit ihren Zeigefingern .
In schicken Konzernrepräsentanzen und gut ausgeleuchteten Hauptstadtstudios recyceln sie ihre immergleichen Schlüsselsätze , im Cocktailshaker der Allgemeinplätze immer wieder neu komponiert , auf allen Kanälen und in den allermeisten Zeitungsspalten .
Ein talentierter Meinungsmurkser aus Mitte kann die Modewörter fast beliebig aneinander ketten , schlägt nimmermüde die Worthülsen - Schlacht .
Er redet von „ Weichenstellungen “ , „ Chancen “ und „ Flexibilität “ .
Wider die „ Vollkaskomentalität “ und die „ Besitzstandswahrung “ .
Er fordert „ mehr Raum für Eigeninitiative “ .
Er liebt das Drama – Deutschland steht ja schließlich am Abgrund .
Dabei kommt immer eine kernige Formulierung heraus .
„ Deutschland muss … “ , sagt er gern .
Hinter Glasfassaden und runderneuertem Altmauerwerk schreitet diese Gleichschaltung voran , wird die Geräuschkulisse beständig verstärkt , das Wortblech unentwegt zurechtgeklopft .
Auf dass es noch besser in die Köpfe flutscht .
Wer dem Wortschwall , dem „ Falschwörterbuch “ ( Ivan Nagel ) , lange genug lauscht , kann auf böse Gedanken kommen .
Man meint eine gähnende Leere dahinter zu spüren , ein gigantisches Vakuum .
Eine tiefe Verdrossenheit .
Es ist ein bisschen wie bei den grauen Herren , den Zeitdieben aus „ Momo “ .
Eine Generationenfrage ?
Wie kommt es , dass für forsche Fortschrittsplauderer selbst manche aus der CDU schon „ Bremser “ sind , Leute wie Peter Müller , Horst Seehofer oder Jürgen Rüttgers plötzlich unter verschärftem Sozialismusverdacht stehen ?
Woher kommt die Lust am Kassandraruf ?
Diese Sehnsucht , über das Land zu reden , als sei Deutschland verrottet wie der Kongo und alles nur Abstieg , Krise , Weimar ?
Bei Springer , am unteren Ende von Mitte , schlagen sie wieder die alten Schlachten von einst , wollen die Achtundsechziger doch noch besiegen .
Der Herr Doepfner mit seiner Dreißigerjahrefrisur und seine Jungs .
Warum ist denen Achtundsechzig noch ein Feindbild ?
Rot -Grün kam zu spät .
Aber die Herren sind noch später dran .
Es muss wohl Neid sein .
Neid auf die Lebendigkeit , die echte Überzeugung , so falsch sie zuweilen auch war .
Und Sehnsucht .
Nach der wahren Empfindung , nach Zorn , nach einem Geschehen , das mehr ist als Event .
Generation Golf ?
Nein , Generation Minigolf .
Generation Folgenlos .
„ Im Grunde “ hat ihr Clown Harald Schmidt einmal gesagt , „ arbeite ich gegen die eigene Langeweile . “
Politjournalismus ähnelt immer mehr der Theaterkritik .
Er notiert , wer wie auf - und abtritt , zeichnet die Dramen nach , wird schnell sehr persönlich .
Persönliche Storys sind gefragt :
Wer gegen wen ?
Oder die gute „ Homestory “ .
Udo Walz ist spannend .
Man darf auch mal launig schreiben , dass alle doof sind .
Analyse dagegen ist Mangelware .
„ Es fehlt völlig an Kriterien “ , sagt ein Freund beim Bier auf dem Gendarmenmarkt .
Die letzte Sommersonne lächelt auf uns nieder .
Welch ein wuchtiges Ambiente .
Der Schnöselzirkus gastiert gern auf diesem Platz .
Hier kann man sich herrlich an schweren Säulen schubbern .
Hier ist gut wichtig sein .
Ja , die Kriterien .
Vielleicht ist Gerhard Schröder selbst dran schuld .
Der hatte auch keine , hat intellektuell stets von der Hand in den Mund gelebt , sich immer mal was einflüstern lassen von Piëch , Pierer und Co .
Er liebte die Kaminrunden , lagerte Kniffliges gern in Zirkel und Kommissionen aus .
Was er eigentlich will , konnte er jahrelang nicht erklären .
Dann tischte er die Agenda auf .
Der Dialog , die gesellschaftliche Debatte war nicht sein Ding .
Das Parlament ?
Pah !
Auch die Partei kannte er nur als Punchingball .
Also so gab er den Macho - Basta - Uga - Uga - Kanzler .
Jetzt staunen alle über das virile Finale , diese Kraft der Autosuggestion .
Aber die SPD wird nach der Schröderparty mindestens ein Jahrzehnt einen Kater haben .
Aber das erklärt nicht den Gleichklang .
Da muss man eher zu den Dirigenten gehen .
Zu jenen , die für gutes
Geld die rechte Stimmung machen .
Ganz im Norden von Mitte , in einer Wohnstraße , hängt über einer Einfahrt ein eher unscheinbares gelbes Schild : Scholz & Friends .
Die Schranke steht offen , der Hof ist picobello saniert .
Zweihundert Leute schuften hier für die Werbeagentur , die viel mehr macht als gewöhnliche Werbung .
Klaus Dittko , 38 , Partner bei Scholz & Friends , bittet ins Dachgeschoss , mit Blick auf die Reichstagskuppel .
Der Mann ist Geschäftsführer des Bereichs „ Agenda “ , betreut Kunden im Bereich „ politische Kommunikation “ , auch die „ Initiative Neue Soziale Marktwirtschaft “ , eine berühmt gewordene Pressure - Group , die den Krieg der Meinungen mit sehr prominenten Nasen führt , mit Leuten wie Roland Berger und Oliver Bierhoff , Kardinal Lehmann und Paul Kirchhof .
„ Wir wollen eine bürgerliche APO sein “ , hat einer ihrer Macher mal gesagt .
Der Arbeitgeberverband Gesamtmetall zahlt dafür verlässlich .
Ich hatte einen aufgedrehten Werber erwartet , mit viel Gestik schwadronierend .
Doch Dittko ist ein ganz nüchterner Typ , freundlich , konzentriert .
Höflich ignoriert er , dass der ungeschickte taz - Autor seinen aufgeweichten Keks ins Gestühl schmiert .
„ Die besondere Kunst “ , erklärt er , „ besteht darin , Inhalte , die für den Kunden wichtig sind , so aufzubereiten , dass sie auch für die Medien relevant erscheinen und zum Gegenstand der Berichterstattung werden . “
Dass der das einfach so offen sagt .
Ich gucke wie Klein Fritzchen .
Also kann jeder kommen , der in Deutschland etwas bewirken will , und sagen : Mach , dass das morgen viele denken und tüchtig drüber schreiben ?
Dittko wirkt amüsiert über so viel Naivität .
Er redet von journalistischem Handwerk .
Und dass man die Botschaft geschickt an aktuelle Ereignisse kleben muss , um sie verkaufen zu können .
„ Florida - Rolf “ , der Sozialschmarotzer in Bild , sagt er , „ hat die öffentliche Wahrnehmung gedreht . “
Und verweist kühl darauf , „ dass die rot - grüne Bundesregierung im Jahre 2003 eine Fast - 180 - Grad- Wende der eigenen Politik gemacht hat , mit der Agenda 2010 “ .
Profis wie Dittko reden von „ Issue Management “ , Eventisierung , Emotionalisierung .
Ihnen geht es ums Verdichten , Drehen und Zuspitzen .
Pieks , pieks , rein in die Volksseele .
Man tut das nicht verschämt .
Einer wie Dittko ist da ganz professionell bei der Sache .
Er fragt sich jeden Morgen : „ Was sind die Themen , mit denen ich die Botschaften des Kunden am besten in der Öffentlichkeit transportieren kann ? “
Und geht an die Arbeit .
Er sucht sich gute Absender – bekannte Leute , die das Anliegen gut vertreten .
Und Adressaten : solche , die das dann berichten .
Kommunikator Dittko will keine Leitartikel diktieren , sondern knackige Bilder schaffen , die wirklich hängen bleiben .
Er bringt die Gier der Blätter und Sender nach News mit den Kundenwünschen auf einen Nenner .
Und kalkuliert auch die Eitelkeit der Hauptstadtschreiber mit ein : „ Es gibt inzwischen wesentlich mehr Journalisten , die in der Politik mitmischen , die Trends setzen und Meinung machen wollen . “
Denen wird bei Scholz & Friends geholfen .
Muss er sich verbiegen ?
Wieder so eine alberne Frage .
„ Es hilft in der praktischen Arbeit , wenn man die Ziele , die der Kunde verfolgt , zu einem wesentlichen Prozentsatz teilt “ , sagt der Agenda - Setter , aber „ Ausgangspunkt unserer Arbeit ist stets die Sichtweise des Kunden . “
Die Resultate sind sehr zufrieden stellend – bei den großen Wirtschaftsthemen ist der Mainstream von Bild bis Süddeutsche herrlich homogen .
Das Wort „ Werbefuzzi “ allerdings missbilligt er. „ PR - Fuzzi “ klingt schon besser .
Wer sich in den Dschungel der Marktwirtschaftsguerilla von Mitte begibt , staunt über das rege Zusammenspiel .
Die „ Initiative Neue Soziale Marktwirtschaft “ ( INSM ) hat Kooperationen mit vielen Zeitungen und TV - Anstalten .
Man lässt Lectures halten , wo zum Beispiel ein Lord Ralf Dahrendorf verkünden darf , dass die „ alte soziale Marktwirtschaft “ nun „ am Ende “ sei .
Man verleiht Preise wie den „ Reformer des Jahres “ und den „ Blockierer des Jahres “ .
Man organisiert Symposien , sponsert Filme und Publikationen .
Das Ziel : ein Maximum an Showtime ergattern .
Die INSM steht nicht allein .
Organisationen wie „ Marke Deutschland “ , der „ Bürgerkonvent “ und „ Deutschland packt ’s an “ stoßen ins gleiche Horn .
Man hat sogar einen Dachverband gegründet , die „ Aktionsgemeinschaft Deutschland “ .
Beim Anpackerverein , unter Schirmherr Roman Herzog , sind alle dabei , die Rang und Namen haben : der BDI , DaimlerChrysler , Kienbaum , wieder Scholz & Friends , dazu das komplette Privatfernsehen , das ZDF und fast alle Verlage .
Man hat ein paar Anzeigen geschaltet , mit Rogowski und Späth , Kerner und Christiansen .
Doch nun scheint irgendwie die Luft raus .
Das Telefon läutet über Wochen ins Leere .
Bei „ Deutschland packt ’s an “ geht keiner ran .
Armes Deutschland .
Packt es wohl wieder nicht .
Dafür ist bei „ berlinpolis “ jemand da , einen Thinktank um die Ecke , wo Jungdynamiker das Sagen haben , die von „ Corporate Citizenship “ und „ Work - Life - Balance “ reden .
Chef Daniel Dettling , 33 , steht nach der Arbeit in einer Kreuzberger Lounge zur Verfügung .
Im Freizeitlook .
Ein Weizenbier , bitte .
„ Unsere Vorgängergeneration hat die APO gemacht , wir machen Denkfabriken “ , sagt der Direktor der „ Denkfabrik der nächsten Generation “ .
Er will eine „ konstruktive APO “ machen , träumt von neuen „ Handlungs - Eliten “ .
Das „ enge Korsett der Siebziger und Achtziger “ , findet Dettling , war irgendwie „ miefig “ , „ ohne Vision von sich selbst “ .
Passt so gar nicht zum „ radikal beschleunigten Wandel “ der Gesellschaft .
„ Wir haben uns im selben Jahr wie Attac gegründet . “
Er schreibt viele Texte , organisiert tausend Sachen .
Firmen und Verbände zahlen .
Altana , EnBW und so .
Auch die Herrhausen - Gesellschaft , die Bosch - und die Hertie - Stiftung , BMW , Siemens , die Dresdener Bank , Microsoft , Vattenfall Europe und der Bayerische Verband der Metall - und Elektroindustrie sind alle „ Partner und Förderer “ .
Dazu die „ Initiative Neue Soziale Marktwirtschaft “ .
Man trifft sie alle immer wieder .
„ Ja , es läuft ganz gut “ , meint Dettling .
Was nervt , ist , dass alles so langsam geht : Die Verbände , Parteien , Unternehmen seien alle noch sehr „ staatsfixiert “ .
Wie zum Hohn hängt das Regierungsviertel voll mit Einsteinsätzen .
„ Die Sehnsucht des Menschen verlangt nach gesicherter Erkenntnis . “
In den Gängen des Reichstags viele , viele bunte Smarties .
Man kommt sich vor wie ein spinnerter alter Zausel , wenn man Exkollegen in der Lobby stellt und sie mit Tiraden überzieht , wo denn das Rückgrat geblieben sei , die Würde der Profession … Manche trösten mit herrlich bösen Anekdoten .
Die großen Fragen lauten : Wer rettet Deutschland ?
Und wann wird Hans - Ulrich Jörges vom Stern live vor Eitelkeit platzen ?
Und alle sagen unisono : „ Die Arschlochquote steigt . “
Nun fiebert die Republik .
Macht wird neu verteilt .
Bei der letzten Sitzung im Bundestag herrscht Abschiedsstimmung .
Die rot -grüne Regierungsbank ist voll , Schröders Rasselbande hockt da fast komplett .
Als wollten alle ein letztes Mal die Polster spüren .
Als Frau Merkel das Mikro hat , johlen sie auf den CDU - Bänken wie eine Burschenschaft .
Der Abgeordnete Eckart von Klaeden , Prototyp des Angie - Boys , klatscht wie beim Kindergeburtstag .
TOM SCHIMMECK , 45 , taz - Gründer und hernach bei vielen deutschen Blättern , schreibt heute Reportagen .
Er lebt im Wendland
This article is designed to get you thinking about your life from a new perspective .
For the sake of clarity , we ’ll focus primarily on your career , but by the time you ’re done reading , you should be able to apply these ideas to other areas of your life as well .
Consider a physical recording medium like a CD or DVD .
By itself it ’s an empty vessel .
The “ message ” is the information contained within that medium , whether it be music , a film , software , or some other information .
The message is what provides the value — the actual recording medium is often inconsequential .
You may pay $ 20 for a CD that contains music , or you may pay $ 300 for a CD that contains certain software .
But the physical CDs are essentially identical except for the information they contain .
This price difference is n’t due to a difference in the medium but rather due to a difference in the message .
Now let ’s extend this concept of the medium vs. the message and apply it to your career ( or any other part of your life for that matter ) .
For example , in most cases your job title represents the medium of your career .
Career media include being an attorney , a salesperson , or a computer programmer .
Think of your career medium as the vessel through which you work .
Much like a recordable CD , your career medium is an empty container waiting to be filled .
If you identify yourself as an attorney or a salesperson or a computer programmer , that does n’t give you any sense of the value your work provides .
Those professions are conduits for providing value , but they contain very little value in and of themselves .
Some attorneys earn $ 300 / hour while others charge $ 3000 / hour .
And you ’ll find tremendous pay differences in other fields as well , even among people who appear to have the same job title , whether it be secretary or CEO .
The medium of the career ( i.e. the job title ) cannot account for these differences .
It is n’t hard to recognize that the primary value comes not from the medium of your career ( i.e. your particular job ) but rather from the message of your career .
The message is what you bring to your career .
It ’s what fills the otherwise empty container .
For example , I can identify my career as being a writer , blogger , speaker , web developer , entrepreneur , computer programmer , etc .
Or I can more broadly say that I ’m a communicator .
But that would mean defining my career as a medium — an empty container .
It ’s like saying that I ’m a microphone .
The message , as opposed to the medium , is what specific information I communicate through these various vessels .
What am I saying ?
What information is traveling through the microphone ?
In my case the message is that I ’m here to grow and to help other people to grow .
The media I use to convey this message will change and evolve over time , but the message is a constant .
And the message is a much better description of my true career than the media that I currently use to express it .
Changing Perspectives
Chances are that you currently think of your career primarily in terms of the medium ( i.e. your particular job ) rather than the message ( i.e. the unique value you bring to your work ) .
I want to dive a little deeper into this distinction with you and show you some perhaps unexpected benefits that may arise when you shift your focus and begin thinking of your career primarily in terms of the message .
There are two significant risks that come from defining your career in terms of your primary medium ( i.e. “ I ’m an attorney ” or “ I ’m a programmer ” ) .
The first risk is that you ’ll unnecessarily limit yourself .
You will only recognize opportunities that present themselves in the form of a nail because you ’ve defined yourself as a hammer and nothing more .
You ’ll fall into the trap of thinking , “ Dammit , Jim !
I ’m a doctor , not a bricklayer ! ”
As a human being , there are many ways for you to express and deliver value to others .
The current medium of your career is only one of them .
When you think of your career as being greater than any single medium , you ’ll open yourself to new opportunities that lie outside your current primary medium .
The second risk is that by focusing too heavily on a single medium , you ’re likely to lose sight of your message .
Your message is far more important than any one medium , so by putting the medium first , you ’re likely to suffer from a gradual decline in motivation regarding your work .
You begin a new job , and it ’s very exciting at first , but the longer you work at it , the less enthusiastic you become .
Does this seem familiar at all ?
For example , today you ’ll find people who define their careers as professional bloggers ( the medium ) , and so they blog about anything and everything .
But after several months or perhaps a year of this type of work , it is n’t uncommon to see them becoming apathetic and even depressed about their work .
Why ?
Because the medium ( in this case , a blog ) is hollow by its very nature , and something hollow cannot provide lasting motivation .
Defining your career in terms of some arbitrary medium , like being a professional blogger , is like a garage band saying , “ Yeah , man , it ’s all about the CDs . ”
So what happens when you put the medium before the message ?
You define your life in terms of the container instead of what fills that container .
You put emptiness before fullness .
And this can lead to procrastination , lack of motivation , and low energy .
How motivating is it to define your career as being a professional blogger ( or any other arbitrary job title ) ?
On a scale of 1 - 10 , maybe it would start at around an 8 - 9 the first few weeks , but where will it be after five years ?
Probably a 4 or 5 at best .
But by defining your career as the message instead of the medium , you ’re probably in the range of 8 - 10 , and five years later you can still be up there .
In my case the message of personal development is indeed a 10 for me .
My level of enthusiasm for writing , speaking , blogging , or programming waxes and wanes over time , but my interest in personal development remains perpetually high .
The feeling of being driven comes from the message of your work , not the medium .
When you wake up each morning , how do think about your work ?
Do you say to yourself , “ Today I ’m going to write something ( medium ) ? ”
Or are you thinking , “ Today I ’m going to improve the human condition in some small way ( message ) ? ”
Which perspective do you think is more intrinsically motivating ?
Certainly both the message and the medium are each an important part of your career , but with the rapid pace of technological advancement , your medium is likely to be far less permanent than your message .
Notice that medium - based work is highly subject to automation .
A salesperson is replaced by a web site .
A secretary is replaced by a PDA .
A PR firm is replaced by a blog .
But automating the message that ’s provided by a conscious human being , now that ’s a lot tougher .
How would you automate the message of personal development , for example ?
Finding Your Message
Now how do you identify your message ?
Your message is essentially your purpose , which I ’ve addressed many times in various blog entries .
But here ’s yet another way to discover your message :
Think about what you bring to your job or career ( or even to any random task or project ) that ’s different than how the “ average ” person would do it .
What ’s different about your approach to your work vs. how other people would do the same job ?
For example , when I primarily worked as a computer programmer , I was extremely aggressive about improving my skills , and I ’d enthusiastically share what I learned with other people .
In building my games business , I did the same thing .
You can put me in virtually any job , and I ’ll bring these same qualities to it .
I ’ll aggressively strive to get better and better , and I ’ll share with others what I learn along the way .
That ’s the “ message ” that ’s uniquely me .
Imagine yourself working at different jobs and in different fields .
What qualities would you bring to your work that are uniquely you ?
Do you spread good humor , harmony , or passion ?
Do you provide analytic depth , intuitive insight , or a rational outlook ?
Do you bring loyalty , teamwork , or honesty to your workplace ?
You may find it helpful to try to define yourself in terms of a metaphor .
Are you a rock ?
An eagle ?
A storm ?
If you have trouble figuring this out for yourself , ask people you know for their opinions .
( You may want to have them read this article first , so they know what the heck you ’re talking about . )
Often other people can see us more clearly than we see ourselves .
Embracing Your Message
Once you develop an understanding of your own message ( and your understanding will surely evolve over time ) , you can begin to express that message more consciously .
You can redefine your career in terms of that message .
Believe me — this is likely to feel very awkward at first .
But over time if you can overcome the social conditioning that tries to pigeonhole you into a single medium instead of embracing your message , I think you ’ll find it a much more fulfilling way to think about your career .
In school we mostly learn a medium .
In high school I learned the medium of writing .
In college I learned the medium of computer programming .
In Toastmasters I learned the medium of speaking .
And from other bloggers I learned the medium of blogging .
But the message that I bring to these multi-media is n’t something I learned in school .
The message is something that ’s been a part of me since childhood , although my awareness of it has certainly increased as I ’ve grown up .
When I switched careers from game publishing to working in personal development , it was more than just a job change .
It was a shift from medium - based thinking to message - based thinking .
Writing and speaking and blogging are better media for my message than developing computer games .
And as technology continues to evolve , I have the flexibility to embrace any new media that arise .
The media are just empty containers .
The message is what fills those containers .
Once I began defining my career in terms of the message instead of the medium , I felt much more in tune with my work .
Sometimes I tell people I ’m a writer or a blogger or a speaker — all of those are true for now .
But internally I feel that any one of those containers is too small a description of the real work I do .
Have you ever felt the same way … that your job title is too small for you ?
How do you feel when you say , “ I ’m a _____ ” ( fill in your current job title ) ?
Say it right now , and notice how it makes you feel .
Does it really describe the totality of the work you do ?
How could you give yourself a more expansive message - based career name ?
Instead of thinking of yourself as an attorney , for instance , how about giving yourself the job title of “ Peacebringer ” ( someone who resolves conflicts and restores peace ) ?
Or instead of being a salesperson or a computer programmer , try adopting the job title of “ Problem Solver . ”
Would n’t that be more accurate ?
How would you react if someone handed you a business card that said , “ Jane Smith , Peacebringer ? ”
I ’m sure some people would give more credibility to a card that says “ Attorney at Law , ” but I ’d rather hire the Peacebringer , since that title tells me this person understands that the value of their work extends beyond any single medium .
What does your business card say ?
Does it only list the medium of your work , or does it convey the message ?
What would be a more appropriate job title for you ?
Beyond Career
As I mentioned at the beginning of this article , you can apply this concept of the medium vs. the message to other parts of your life beyond your career .
I ’ll leave it up to you to think about how you might differentiate between the medium and the message in terms of your health , your relationships , your spiritual beliefs , and so on .
And for another perspective that overlaps this one , you may enjoy reading this blog post : End Goals vs. Means Goals .
By Helen Briggs
BBC News science reporter
Hundreds of lakes lie beneath the frozen wastes of Antarctica Image : British Antarctic Survey
It was thought the sub - glacial lakes had been completely sealed for millions of years , enabling unique species to evolve in them .
Writing in the journal Nature , experts say international plans to drill into the lakes may now have to be reviewed .
Any attempts to drill into one body of water risks contaminating others .
" What this paper shows is that not only could you contaminate a lake , you could contaminate the whole drainage system , " lead author Duncan Wingham , of University College London , told the BBC News website .
Time capsules
The sub -glacial lakes of Antarctica are regarded as " time capsules " of the period when the continent began to freeze over .
Vostok formed around 16 million years ago
The presence of the drainage system may change current thinking on the chances of finding microbial life that has evolved " independently " .
" The notion that these things have been sitting in the lakes evolving for millions of years probably wo n't wash , " said Professor Wingham .
" I think the idea that they have an isolated biological environment where things have gone their own way will have to be re-examined . "
Professor Martin Siegert , of the University of Bristol , a co-author of the Nature study , said there would still be a very interesting microbiological story to uncover .
" We have always thought of sub - glacial lakes as being distinct bodies isolated from each other , " he said .
" For at least some of these lakes , that wo n't be true but they will still be isolated from the atmosphere . "
Time capsules
It was once thought the Antarctic continent was too cold for water to exist in liquid form beneath its frozen wastes .
LAKE VOSTOK - ANTARCTICA
There are more than 150 sub - glacial lakes in Antarctica ; Vostok is the biggest
At 14,000 sq km , it is about the extent of Lake Ontario and is up to 500 m deep in places .
Overlying ice layers reveal a 400,000 - year environmental record with microbes present throughout the core Many scientists consider Vostok to be a good model for the ecosystems that might exist on Jupiter 's frozen moons
More than 150 have been detected so far , but they are expected to run into thousands .
The largest underground body of water in Antarctica is known as Lake Vostok , which is 250 km ( 155 miles ) long , 40 km ( 25 miles ) wide and 400 m ( 1,300 ft ) deep .
The US space agency ( Nasa ) and the Russian academy of sciences are planning to break through the ice to sample the water for life .
There are also proposals to explore and sample Lake Ellsworth in west Antarctica by a team involving 14 UK universities and research institutions , plus scientists from Chile , the US , Sweden , Belgium , Germany and New Zealand .
Cynan Ellis-Evans of the British Antarctic Survey in Cambridge , UK , said the idea of using a small lake away from Vostok to test methods would now have to be looked at again .
" This paper indicates that lakes may well be connected at irregular time intervals and that even an apparently isolated lake can breach and transfer water hundreds of kilometres to other distant lakes so the contamination potential in relation to small lakes is greater than we 'd previously thought , " he said .
But he said evidence from examining shorelines suggested larger lakes like Vostok were relatively stable .
" I am of the view that Vostok and other similar large lakes have developed in isolation and so the interest from a biological viewpoint will remain high . "
Satellite data
The latest research was carried out by scientists at the Natural Environment Research Council ( Nerc ) Centre for Polar Observation and Modelling ( CPOM ) at UCL , the University of Bristol and University of Cambridge .
They took ultra-precise measurements of a region in East Antarctica - home to some of the oldest , thickest ice on the continent - using radars on the European Space Agency 's ERS - 2 satellite .
The satellite found synchronous changes in the surface height at several locations hundreds of kilometres apart .
" To find a whole section - 30 km ( 18 miles ) by 10 km ( 6 miles ) - had dropped vertically was a great surprise , " Professor Wingham explained .
" We then found another similar event 300 km ( 186 miles ) away , but that bit had increased instead of decreasing .
" We were then left with the problem of explaining what was going on .
Movement of water was the only mechanism conceivable . "
Catastrophic flood
The scientists believe that every so often there are large flows of water from one lake to another along rivers the size of the Thames .
Most of the time there is very little discharge , but if a lake over pressurises , a flood occurs that forces the water along the river to the next lake .
" You could think of these things as flushing like lavatories every now and again , " said Professor Wingham .
It was once speculated that Lake Vostok , which contains enough water to supply London for 5,000 years , may have generated huge floods that reached the coast at some point in its history .
The latest research raises the prospect that the same thing could happen again .
" Currently , we do n't know how full Lake Vostok is or the length of time it will take to fill , " said Professor Siegert .
" It might be thousands or even tens of thousands of years .
Whether such a discharge could affect the ocean circulation around Antarctica is an open question at this stage . "
He said any discharge would probably take place over a period of months and would change sea level by less than a centimetre .
El pasado 12 de febrero en una entrevista del diario chileno " El Mercurio " , Aznar se mostró dispuesto a colaborar para " detener la marea populista " en América Latina , y señaló que en esa onda estaban Venezuela , Cuba , Bolivia y " tal vez " Argentina .
Según Chávez , el supuesto plan de Washington del que forma parte el ex presidente del Gobierno español trata de desestabilizar Venezuela mediante la formación de un " frente " internacional en el que el primer ministro británico , Tony Blair , sería otra de las piezas principales .
" El plan Bush - Blair está tratando de poner a España contra nosotros , también a Francia y a toda Europa " , afirmó el presidente venezolano .
" Se prestó a la invasión "
Chávez dijo que Aznar " se prestó para la invasión de Irak " por parte de EEUU y el Reino Unido , y recordó cuando en Caracas le planteó integrarse al grupo formado por él , Bush y Blair .
El gobernante venezolano explicó que la cita de Caracas se concretó a petición de Aznar cuando ambos regresaban de una reunión en Suramérica , que no mencionó .
Fascismo puro
" Estuvimos cenando y luego me dijo : Chávez aprovecha que Venezuela tiene petróleo , que necesitamos ese petróleo e incorpórate a nuestro grupo , al primer mundo (... ) , luego yo le pregunté qué opinaba de pueblos como Haití o los del África negra , y la respuesta que me dio no la olvidaré nunca , porque fue diabólica , fascista " , añadió Chávez .
Según el presidente venezolano , Aznar le contestó : " esos pueblos están perdidos , no tienen salvación " .
Chávez calificó esta respuesta de " fascismo puro " .
Amenaza a EEUU
Junto a esto , Chávez ha amenazado con suspender la venta de petróleo a EEUU .
El presidente venezolano acusó ayer al Gobierno Bush de intentar desestabilizar a Venezuela , y advirtió que podría suspender el petróleo que le suministra si Washington sigue conspirando contra su gobierno .
" El Gobierno de EEUU debe saber que si se pasan de la raya no van a tener petróleo venezolano " , dijo Chávez , quien se declara " revolucionario " y es un cercano aliado del líder cubano Fidel Castro .
" Ya comencé a tomar medidas al respecto , aunque no diré cuales ( ... ) , ellos creen que no vamos a poder colocar el petróleo , pero se equivocan " , añadió el mandatario venezolano .
Las declaraciones de Chávez se produjeron un día después que la Secretaria de Estado norteamericana Condoleeza Rice dijo que Venezuela es " uno de los más grandes problemas " para EEUU en las Américas y calificó su cercanía a Cuba como " particularmente peligrosa " para la estabilidad hemisférica .
NOTICIAS RELACIONADAS
DIGG THIS
Serenity Prayer
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change ; the courage to change the things I can ; and the wisdom to know the difference .
Living one day at a time ;
Enjoying one moment at a time ; Accepting hardships as the pathway to peace ; Taking , as He did , this sinful world as it is , not as I would have it ;
Trusting that He will make all things right if I surrender to His Will ;
That I may be reasonably happy in this life and supremely happy with Him Forever in the next .
Amen .
~ Reinhold Niebuhr
Reinhold Niebuhr , a staunch communist , could have followed the words of his prayer more closely , being especially mindful of " accepting hardships as the pathway to peace ; taking , as He did , this sinful world as it is , not as I would have it "
Libertarians , split in the fierce debate over immigration , should examine this prayer as well .
The opening lines say it best , " God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change ; the courage to change the things I can ; and the wisdom to know the difference . "
One of the main complaints about immigration is the expected drain on social services — health care , welfare , etc. — by an increase in the impoverished population .
The real problem is quite clear to me .
The real problem is not immigration but socialist policy .
Immigrants are just one variable in a score of things that can go wrong with these programs .
Suppose that we have another baby boom generation ?
Or what if a major recession hits and suddenly we have to give twice as many people unemployment insurance and TANF ?
These programs are inherently flawed .
Increased immigration is just one variable causing disruption in the original central plan .
But it is not a single variable that must shoulder blame , but the entire equation .
All socialist programs face issues beyond our control .
For example , can we control the number of children born in order to preserve Social Security ?
Obviously not .
In the same sense , we will not eliminate naturally occurring migrations of people .
Our chances of actually stopping people from coming to the U.S. are as futile as trying to control the tides of the ocean .
Redistributionist policies , not immigration , are the problem .
So let us accept the things we cannot change and gain the courage to change the things we can .
Government laws and programs have been created by man and can be destroyed by man .
The spirit of progress in every person ’s soul can not be broken .
The spirit of an immigrant who crosses oceans , passes through desert , and works for subsistence wages will not and cannot be eradicated .
It is intrinsically the nature of a man to improve his lot .
Immigrants will no doubt still enter the country despite obstacles they may encounter .
Attempts to curtail their entrance will create even greater incentives to cross the border .
The proposed solution to the immigration problem is outright insane : a wall with Mexico !
It offers to stop government expenditure with more government expenditure .
I ’m not sure how some of these people are doing their math .
One government expenditure plus another government expenditure does not equal zero government expenditure .
Aside from the cost of building the wall , think of the guards that we would have to employ .
Some recommend the military for the role .
Of course !
Let ’s pick the most money - saving division of the government to stop those darn immigrants .
Defense officials can’t even use the bathroom without spending a million or two .
Do we really think a wall is going to stop this problem ?
Desperate illegal immigrants are quite creative .
They ’ll get here somehow .
Imagine this scenario .
What if there was a huge protest at the wall , perhaps in Tijuana or Juarez ?
Yes , on the Mexican side - much like the protest we have already seen in the U.S.
What would the U.S. do once a hundred thousand Mexicans are protesting at the wall ?
What are they going to do when a few start trying to climb the walls ?
Are we going to bring in the riot police ?
And whats going to happen when Mexicans in the U.S. see images of us beating down protesters at the wall ?
Mexicans in the U.S. will make the Rodney King riots look like a day in the park !
If the wall is built , this will happen , mark my words .
If you build physical barriers , you invite confrontation ”
Libertarians are sacrificing their principles .
If you want to compromise with state power , go vote Republican .
Libertarians constantly say that the solution to a government - created problem is not more government .
Yet this is exactly what many are suggesting !
We have the wisdom to know the difference in this situation .
We know that force , coercion , and government is not the true way .
This whole affair of stopping immigration reeks of expanding government power mixed with the stench of putrid nationalism .
Libertarians are supposed to be people with principles .
Let ’s stick to them .
The Best of Vedran Vuk
Here is an interesting clip explaining how one of the many possible space elevator technologies , the space tether , would work .
Please note that this space elevator design is currently the only one that is the subject of active research and commercial interest in space .
The tether space elevator consists of a cable anchored to the Earth 's surface , reaching into space .
By attaching a counterweight at the end ( or by further extending the cable for the same purpose ) , centrifugal force ensures that the cable remains stretched taut , countering the gravitational pull on the lower sections , thus allowing the elevator to remain in geostationary orbit .
Once beyond the gravitational midpoint , carriage would be accelerated further by the planet 's rotation .
Source : Wikipedia )
The most common proposal is a tether , usually in the form of a cable or ribbon , spanning from the surface to a point beyond geosynchronous orbit .
As the planet rotates , the inertia at the end of the tether counteracts the centripetal force of gravity and keeps the cable taut .
Vehicles can then climb the tether and escape the planet 's gravity without the use of rocket propulsion .
Such a structure could theoretically permit delivery of cargo and people to orbit with transportation costs a fraction of those of more traditional methods of launching a payload into orbit . (
I only permit myself about 4 hours a month for blogging .
That 's been my rough budget for the past year or so .
Normally I have all sorts of topics I 'd like to write about , things I 'm kicking around , and it 's not too hard to pick one .
But for the past month , I 've only had one thing on my mind , and I 've been going nuts trying to find a way to voice it — you know , to present it in a nice , concise way so you can gulp it down .
And so far I 'm failing .
I think that means I do n't understand it very well .
Maybe trying to write it down will help .
It 's about designing software .
See , it seems like there 's a good way to design software .
A best way , even .
And nobody does it .
Well , a few people do , but even in those rare instances , I think it 's accidental half the time .
I 've been thinking about this problem on and off for quite a while , and would n't you know it , suddenly 18 years have gone by and I still can't quite articulate this ... well , design principle , if that 's what it is .
But for the past month , I feel like I 've been getting closer .
Maybe you can help !
I 'll tell you what I know , and you can tell me what you know , and maybe we 'll figure out something extraordinary .
By way of setting context for today 's blog , I 'll summarize everything I 've ever written to date in one sentence : I think most software is crap .
Well , that 's not quite right .
It 's fairer to say that I think all software is crap .
Yeah .
There you have it , Stevey in a Nutshell : software is crap .
Even so , I think some software systems are better than others : the producer of the crap in question swallowed some pennies , maybe , so their crap is shiny in places .
Once in a while someone will even swallow a ruby , and their crap is both beautiful and valuable , viewed from a certain , ah , distance .
But a turd is still a turd , no matter how many precious stones someone ate to make it .
Lovely metaphor , eh ?
Made it myself !
Whenever I reflect on the software systems I like best — the ones that feel like old friends , like nice places to live — I see that they have some properties in common .
I 'll tell you what they are , at least the ones I 've noticed , in a minute .
Promise .
But it 's not the whole story .
Once you add these properties to a software system , if you do them right , then you usually get a system that 's as good as we can make them today .
But they 're still crap !
The real problem comes when I start thinking about what would happen if we could build software systems that are n't crappy .
That thought exercise raises all sorts of interesting questions , and I do n't know the answers to any of them .
But I 'll throw them out there too , maybe , as long as I do n't go over my 4 - hour time limit .
Life beckons , and all that .
The big realization I had , sometime in the last month or so , is that all of the common properties of my favorite software systems can be derived from a single root cause : one property , or design principle , that if present will cause software to take on the right characteristics automatically .
What are my favorite software systems ?
Here are a few of the very best : Unix .
Windows XP . Mac OS / X. Emacs .
Microsoft Excel. Firefox .
Ruby on Rails .
Python .
Ruby .
Scheme .
Common Lisp . LP Muds .
The Java Virtual Machine .
A few more that just barely make the cut , for now : Microsoft Word .
OmniGraffle Pro. JavaScript .
Perforce .
Some that I think would make the cut if I learned how to use them effectively : The GIMP .
Mathematica .
VIM .
Lua. Internet Explorer .
Most popular software systems out there do n't make the cut .
Most of them are quite useful , but I think they lack the essential properties of ideal software design .
Examples : IntelliJ. Eclipse .
Visual Studio .
Java .
C++. Perl. Nethack .
Microsoft PowerPoint .
All Nintendo and PlayStation console games .
Nearly all PC games , with the notable exceptions of Doom and Quake .
Most web applications , including highly useful ones like Amazon.com or Google Maps .
I wo n't keep you in suspense .
I think the most important principle in all of software design is this :
If you design a system so that it never needs to reboot , then you will eventually , even if it's by a very roundabout path , arrive at a system that will live forever .
All the systems I 've listed need to reboot occasionally , which means their practical lifespan is anywhere from a dozen to a hundred more years .
Some of them are getting up there — lots of them are in their twenties and thirties now , and there are even a few in their early forties .
But they 're all still a far cry from immortal .
I think the second most important design principle , really a corollary to the first , is that .
A system that can't grow over time is static , so it really is n't a system at all ; it 's a function .
It might be a very complex function with lots of possible inputs and outputs .
It might be a very useful function , and it might live for a long time .
But functions are always either replaced or subsumed by systems that can grow .
And I 've come to believe , over nearly two decades of thinking about this , that systems that can grow and change without rebooting can live forever .
Here are some of the properties shared by the best software systems in the world today .
Not all systems have all the properties I 'll list here ; I think very few of them have the full superset .
I think you 'll see that the more of the essential properties a system has , the more powerful , important , and long - lived it is .
Note : most of these are features for programmers .
Features for non-technical end -users do n't contribute to a system 's lifespan .
In the fullness of time , I believe programming fluency will become as ubiquitous as literacy , so it wo n't matter .
First : It is always an integral part of the system .
It 's been there since the system was born .
The designer of the system could n't imagine life without a command shell .
The command shell is a full interface to the system : anything you can do with the system in some other way can also be done in the command shell .
Great command shells are a big topic in their own right ( most of the essential properties of living systems are , come to think of it . )
A rough sketch : a great command shell always has a command language , an interactive help facility , a scripting language , an extension system , a command - history facility , and a rich command - line editor .
A truly great command shell is an example of a living system in its own right : it can survive its parent system and migrate elsewhere .
All existing command shells are crap , but they are an essential component of building the best software that can be built today .
Emacs can be thought of as the ultimate command shell : what happens when command shells are taken to their logical extreme , or at least as far as anyone has taken the idea to date .
Command shells are n't the only common feature of the greatest software systems in the world , though , so we 'll have to leave them for now .
Great systems also have .
There 's no universally accepted name for this feature .
Sometimes it 's called hooks , or filters , or aspect - oriented programming .
As far as I know , Lisp had it first , and it 's called advice in Lisp .
Advice is a mini- framework that provides before , around , and after hooks by which you can programmatically modify the behavior of some action or function call in the system .
Not all advice systems are created equal .
The more scope that is given to an advice system — that is , the more reach it has in the system it 's advising — the more powerful the parent system will be .
Ruby on Rails has a minor advice system , which Rails calls " filters " .
It is ( only ) capable of advising controller actions , which are special functions that render page requests .
You can't put a before - , after - , or around - filter on any old API function in the system , although Ruby itself makes this possible to some extent through its metaprogramming facilities .
But it 's insufficient for advice to be merely theoretically possible .
Advice must be built into the system from the ground up , and must be exposed as a first - class , well - documented programmer interface .
Advice is very , very powerful .
Even the simple action - filtering system in Rails offers amazing flexibility ; it 's hard to imagine writing a Rails app without it .
Emacs has a sophisticated advice system .
Common Lisp has , arguably , the most powerful advice system in the world , which contributes in no small part to the power of the language .
Aspect - Oriented Programming is a herculean attempt to bring advice to the Java language , but due to fundamental limitations of Java , it has to be implemented as a language extension with its own compiler and other language tools , which has severely hampered adoption .
Another impediment is that Java programmers prefer to write dead systems , and any hint of a breath of life in the system bothers them greatly .
To be sure , it bothers me too .
Living software is a little scary .
It 's no surprise that most programmers prefer writing marionettes instead of real people ; marionettes are a lot easier to manage .
But I think living software is more interesting , and more useful , and quite frankly it 's an inevitability in any event , so we might as well strive to understand it better .
To me , that means building it .
Moving right along , world - class software systems always have anand a— a way for programmers to extend the base functionality of the application .
Sometimes plugins are called " mods " .
It 's a way for your users to grow the system in ways the designer did n't anticipate .
Microsoft Excel has an excellent mod system .
It 's quite a remarkable programming framework , verging on being a platform in its own right .
Like all the best mod systems , it 's tiered , with the easy entry point being Excel macros , working its way up through a full COM interface that can be scripted using VB or even Python or Ruby : any language with COM bindings .
One of the killer features that made Doom and Quake so popular was their mod systems .
Doom had some basic facilities for scripting your own levels , sprites , and even game logic .
Quake had QuakeC , which is still , I think , the gold standard for PC game scripting , but my info is a little dated , since for the past five years or so I 've played mostly console games , which are sadly all deader than a coffin-nail .
The very best plug - in systems are powerful enough to build the entire application in its own plug - in system .
This has been the core philosophy behind both Emacs and Eclipse .
There 's a minimal bootstrap layer , which as we will see functions as the system 's hardware , and the rest of the system , to the greatest extent possible ( as dictated by performance , usually ) , is written in the extension language .
Firefox has a plugin system .
It 's a real piece of crap , but it has one , and one thing you 'll quickly discover if you build a plug - in system is that there will always be a few crazed programmers who learn to use it and push it to its limits .
This may fool you into thinking you have a good plug - in system , but in reality it has to be both easy to use and possible to use without rebooting the system ; Firefox breaks both of these cardinal rules , so it 's in an unstable state : either it 'll get fixed , or something better will come along and everyone will switch to that .
What 's really amazing to me is that there is n't even a special bypass for Firefox extension developers .
Their development cycle is amazingly painful , as they have to manually re-install the plugin ( using the GUI ) on every change .
With some symlink trickery you can get around about half the steps , but the community actually frowns on this !
They evidently feel that if the user is going to experience the installation pain one time , then the programmer must experience it every single time a line of code changes , as a perpetual reminder that Firefox has a crappy plug - in system that the programmer can't actually do anything about .
Fun !
Firefox was given a gift by a programmer named Aaron Boodman , now at Google .
The gift was GreaseMonkey , which provides an alternate way of writing Firefox extensions .
Unlike Firefox 's regular plug - in system , GreaseMonkey extensions can be installed and updated without rebooting Firefox , and they 're relatively easy to write .
This gift has given Firefox new legs .
I doubt most Firefox developers ( let alone the Firefox user community at large ) fully appreciate the importance of GreaseMonkey to the long - term survival of Firefox .
Interestingly , GreaseMonkey is implemented as a Firefox plugin that offers its own plugin system .
This is a common pattern in plug - in systems : some plugins will grow large and configurable enough to be viewed as standalone applications .
Emacs has many such plugins : the advice package is a good example .
For that matter , the Rails filtering system is also implemented in the style of an optional system extension .
Plugins , like other software systems , also have a lifespan that 's determined by how well they incorporate the features I 'm discussing today .
They eventually need command shells , advice , extension languages , and so on .
However , plugins usually get these things for free by virtue of having been built within a living system .
Building extensible systems is much harder than the alternative .
It 's commonly estimated at being three to five times harder than building the equivalent non-extensible version of the system .
Adding a plug - in system is much easier up front .
Adding extensibility to an existing legacy system is fantastically difficult , and requires massive refactoring of the system .
The refactoring needed is rarely of the pretty little automatable type currently so fashionable in Java circles .
It typically requires effort of the same order as a full rewrite of the system , although as with all refactoring , the risk can be mitigated by putting thorough unit tests in place first .
Many software systems these days are accessible only remotely , over a network , e.g. via a browser and HTTP .
Some of the bigger companies that have built such systems , including Yahoo ! , Amazon.com and eBay , have begun to realize that programmer extensibility is a critical feature for the long - term survival of their systems .
They have begun selectively opening up access to their internal systems , usually via web service interfaces .
This provides a certain level of extensibility : in particular , it enables independent software developers to create their own interfaces to the system .
Over time , I think a key differentiator in the web - application space will be the quality of the programmer access to the systems backing the web apps .
Plugin systems have security issues .
They have usability issues .
They have namespace issues .
They have dependency - graph issues .
They have backwards - compatibility issues .
Plugin systems are damn hard to do at all , let alone do well .
And they are absolutely essential for ensuring the long - term survival of software systems .
What other features do great software systems have ?
I think one important element , at least today , is that they either have to be a killer app , or they need one .
Every world - class software system is , by its very nature , a platform .
If you have a command - shell , and an extension language with advice , and a plug - in architecture , then you 've already got the makings of a platform .
But you need to give users some reason for using it in the first place .
So the GIMP is for editing images , Eclipse is for editing Java code , Emacs is for editing plain text , Rails is for building web apps , Firefox is for browsing , Python is for scripting , Lua is for embedding , Mathematica is for math , and so on .
Each of them can be stretched into other domains , but they 're strongest when they 're being used in their niche .
The most generic software systems , I think , are operating systems and programming languages , and even they have a primary purpose .
OSes are primarily for resource management , and the most successful programming languages have usually carved out some niche : you use C++ when you need speed , Perl when you need Unix system administration , and Java when you need an especially fat API to impress a client .
JavaScript had a lock on browser programming , Lisp has been mostly carried by Emacs all these years , and Ruby has taken off mostly due to Rails .
So software systems need a niche .
Someday there may be a generic software system so powerful and well - designed that it 's the best system to use for literally everything .
Maybe you 'll be the one to build it .
The last big feature I 'll enumerate today , and it 's just as important as the rest , is that .
You can poke around and examine them at runtime , and ideally they poke around and examine themselves as well .
At the very least they should have some basic health monitoring in place .
Even in a relatively small system with lots of static checking , you still need monitoring on things like input and output queues , and for large systems , you need to monitor just about everything , including the monitoring systems .
( If you do n't have meta - monitoring , one bad thing that can happen is that your system gets into a state where all the health checks are returning OK , but the system is in fact totally wedged . )
Introspection can ( and should ) take many different forms , not just health monitoring .
System administration tools and diagnostics are one kind of introspection ; single - step debugging is another ; profiling is yet another .
Dynamic linking is still another : the system needs to be able to ( for instance ) run bytecode verifiers to make sure the code being loaded passes basic security checks .
Introspection usually comes with a performance penalty , so many programmers avoid it at runtime , or they make do with whatever minimal introspection facilities the underlying system provides ( e.g. RTTI or Java 's reflection facility ) .
If you trade off introspection for speed , you 're carving years or even decades off the lifespan of your software system .
If you 're a consultant , or you just want to get it working so you can move on to something else , then maybe it does n't matter .
But I think most programmers prefer to work on systems that will last a long time .
There 's a long tail of other features shared by the best software systems , but at this juncture I think it 's best to talk a bit about how they all derive from not rebooting , at which point you should be able to identify the other common features easily enough .
I can't do this topic justice today , partly because it 's a big topic , and partly because I just do n't understand it very well .
So the best I can do is sketch the outlines of it , and hopefully you 'll get the picture .
First , let 's get some philosophical perspectives out of the way .
I take a very broad view of software : most of it is n't man-made .
It 's only the man -made stuff that 's crap .
There 's a lot of pretty good naturally - occurring software out there .
I think that the workings of our brains can mostly be considered software , and the workings of our bodies are definitely software .
( Heck , we can even see the assembly - language instructions in our DNA , although we have n't quite figured out the full code yet . )
So people are carrying around at least two software systems : body and mind .
I also think of stable ecosystems as being software systems , and for that matter , so are stable governments .
So , too , are organizations of people , e.g. companies like the one you work for .
Unless I grossly misunderstood Turing 's position , software is anything that can produce computation , and computation only requires a machine with some simple mechanisms for changing the machine 's state in deterministic ways , including branches , jumps , and reading / writing of persistent state , plus some set of instructions ( a program ) for playing out these operations .
I 'm assuming my definition of software here is self - evident enough that I do n't need to defend the position that not all software is man-made .
So my first argument against rebooting is that in nature it does n't happen .
Or , more accurately , when it does happen it 's pretty catastrophic .
If you do n't like the way a person works , you do n't kill them , fix their DNA , and then regrow them .
If you do n't like the way a government works , you do n't shut it down , figure out what 's wrong , and start it back up again .
Why , then , do we almost always develop software that way ?
My next argument against rebooting is from plain old software , the kind programmers make today .
Take off your programmer 's hat for a moment , and think about rebooting as an end user .
Do you like having to reboot your software ?
Of course not .
It 's inconvenient .
Do you remember way back , maybe ten years ago , when Microsoft made the decision to eliminate all reboots from Windows NT ?
I 've never worked at Microsoft and I heard this thirdhand , so I do n't know exactly how it went down , but my understanding is that some exec got pissed off that seemingly every configuration change required a system reboot , and he or she orchestrated a massive effort to remove them all .
When I heard about it , they were down to just five scenarios where a full restart was required .
Just think of the impact that change had on the U.S. economy — millions of people saving 5 to 30 minutes a day on downtime from Windows reboots .
It 's just staggering .
If only they could have eliminated the blue screens , it would have been pretty darn good software , would n't it ?
Linux has gone through some growing pains here , and it 's finally getting better , but I would guess it still has many more reboot scenarios than Windows does today .
However , I think the reboot problem may be much deeper than a little inconvenience .
Viewed from a radical , yet possibly defensible perspective , a reboot is a murder .
How so ?
Well , one of the biggest unsolved open questions of all time is the question of consciousness : what the heck is it ?
What does it mean to be conscious ?
What exactly does it mean to be self - aware ?
Are pets conscious ?
Insects ?
Venus fly - traps ?
Where do you draw the line ?
At various times in history , the question of consciousness has gone in and out of fashion , but for the past few decades it 's been very much in , and philosophers and cognitive scientists are working together to try to figure it out .
As far as I can tell , the prevailing viewpoint ( or leading theory , or whatever ) is something like this : consciousness is recursive self - awareness , and it's a gradient ( as opposed to a simple on / off ) that 's apparently a function of how many inputs and / or recursive levels of self - awareness your brain can process simultaneously .
So pets are conscious , just not as much as people are .
At least that 's what I 've gathered from reading various books , papers and essays about it written over the past 30 years or so .
Also , a particular consciousness ( i.e. a specific person ) is localized , focused uniquely at any given time in a manner similar to the way your vision can only be focused on a specific location .
That means if you clone it , you 've created a separate person .
At least that seems to be what the big thought leaders like Daniel Dennett are saying .
I.e. if you were somehow able to upload your brain 's software to some other blank brain and " turn it on " , you 'd have a person just like you , but it would n't be you , and that person would immediately begin to diverge from you by virtue of having different experiences .
Well , if any of this is true ( and weenie academics are welcome to come poke holes in minutiae of my exposition , with the understanding that pedantry is unlikely to change the big picture here very much ) , then software can be conscious .
It 's debatable whether any software in the world today is conscious enough to present any ethical problems with shutting it off , but you have to wonder how far off it really is .
For instance , I used to think of my dog Cino ( a shih - tzu ) as a relatively simple state machine : pee , poo , sleep , eat , play , lick nose for hours .
As I got to know him , I gradually discerned many more states , hundreds of them , maybe even thousands , but I 'm still not entirely convinced that his behavior is n't deterministic .
I love him to pieces , so I 'll give him the benefit of the doubt and assume he has a free will .
But it 's clear that you can predict his behavior at least 90 % of the time without much effort .
I imagine the same is true for me !
A dog seems more complex than a mouse , which is in turn probably a lot more complex than a cockroach , and at some point down the chain ( maybe at ants ?
flatworms ? single - celled organisms ? ) it seems like there 's going to be a point where the animal is completely deterministic .
At least it seemed that way to me at first , but I now think otherwise .
I personally believe that all creatures can exhibit some nondeterminism , precisely to the extent that they are composed of software rather than hardware .
Your hardware is definitely deterministic .
Anything Cino has done since he was born , without needing to be taught , is either hardware or firmware ( i.e. built - in software that can't be unlearned or changed ) .
Routines for going to pee ( and knowing when it 's time ) , sneezing and other reflexes , processing sensory information , digesting food , and thousands of others are all hardcoded in either his brain firmware or his body firmware , and it works predictably ; any observable differences are attributable to his software responding to the current environment .
In other words , I think that both consciousness and free will ( i.e. nondeterminism ) are software properties .
Nobody 's going to shed a tear over the deliberate slaying of an amoeba .
Well , most people wo n't .
Similarly , I do n't think it makes sense to get worked up when your " Hello , World ! " process commits ritual suicide by exiting main ( ) after emitting its one message to the world .
But I think we 've established that each invocation of your " Hello , World " program is creating a separate instance of a minute consciousness .
Well ... sort of .
A " Hello , World " program , which has no loops or branches , can't exhibit any nondeterminism ( unless it 's imposed externally , e.g. by a random hardware error ) , so you can think of it as pure hardware implemented in software .
But somewhere between Hello , World and Hal 9000 lies a minimal software program that can be considered to possess rudimentary consciousness , at which point turning it off is tantamount to killing it .
Do we have any software that complicated today ?
Complex enough and self - aware enough to be considered conscious from an ethical standpoint ?
Probably not .
But I think we 'll get there someday , and by then I sure hope we 're not developing software the way we do today , with a compile / reboot cycle .
I think of most of the software we build today as being like setting up dominoes .
It 's Domino Design .
You design it very carefully , and it runs once , during which time the dominoes all fall in a nice , predictable order , and if necessary you pick them all up again .
The end result can be much fancier than you can achieve with dominoes — think of all the frames in the movie Toy Story , for instance .
Not much different , but definitely fancier .
Even really complex pieces of software like search engines or e-commerce systems are generally approached using Domino Design .
If you program primarily in C++ or Java , you 're almost certainly guilty of it .
Rebooting a domino system is unavoidable .
The notion of rebooting it for every change , every upgrade , is hardwired into the way we think about these systems .
As for me , I do n't think dominoes are very interesting .
I 'd personally rather play with an amoeba .
And I 'd think twice before squishing it and finding myself a new amoeba , if , for instance , it refused to learn to run a maze or something .
My thinking in this section is a bit fuzzy , so I 'll keep it short .
DWIM is a cute acronym invented , I think , by Larry Wall .
It means " Do What I Mean " , and the Perl community bandies it about quite a bit .
The idea behind DWIM is that perfect software is like a grateful djinn in a bottle who is granting you a wish .
I 'm not talking about those cheap - ass wishes you get from fountains or shooting stars , either .
Everyone knows you have to phrase penny - wishes in legalese because the Wish Fairy gives you literally what you asked for , not what you meant .
Just like all the software you use .
In contrast , the DWIM genie is on your side , and is tolerant of grammatical and logical mistakes that might otherwise result in getting the wrong thing .
( " A guy walks into a bar with a miniature piano and a twelve - inch pianist ... " )
DWIM is ostensibly what every programmer is trying to build into their software , but it 's almost always done by guesswork , making assumptions about your end -users .
Sometimes it 's done by collaborative filtering or some other algorithmic approach , but that 's error - prone as well .
The only way to make DWIM appear more than fleetingly and accidentally is to create truly intelligent software — not just conscious , but intelligent , and hopefully also wise and perceptive and ( gulp ) friendly .
But that 's where it starts to get a little worrisome , since everyone knows that " intelligent " does n't necessarily imply sympathy to your cause , especially given that your cause may well be stupid .
So do we want DWIM or no ?
On the one hand , we want our software to be so good that it predicts your every desire and responds to all your needs , so you can live that hedonistic lifestyle you 've always craved .
On the other hand , it appears that the only way to do that is to create software that could easily be smarter than we are , at which point we worry about being marginalized at best , or enslaved and / or exterminated at worst .
I think this explains , at least in part , why most of our industry is trying to achieve pseudo - DWIM by building bigger and bigger dead systems .
( And what better language for building big , dead systems than Java ? )
Dead systems are safely deterministic and controllable .
Let 's be slightly less ambitious for a moment , and assume for the sake of argument that building conscious , intelligent software is unlikely to happen in our lifetime .
Is it still possible to build software that 's better than the run -of - the - mill crap most of us are churning out today ?
There 's another genie named QWAN , invented by the architect Christopher Alexander ; it stands for " Quality Without a Name " , and ( much like the elusive thesis of this essay ) it 's something he 's known about most of his life , and has been trying to both articulate it and find a way to produce it reliably for the entire time .
In short , QWAN is an all - but intangible " I know it when I see it " property of certain spaces and / or structures that appears to be ( a ) most achievable via organic growth , and ( b ) mysteriously dependent on some hardware or firmware in the human brain , since it triggers warm fuzzies for just about everyone , but nobody really knows why .
At some point in the murky past , some software professionals realized that software can also have QWAN , and in the interim it 's become clear that it 's just as difficult to pin down in software as in physical architecture .
However , I 'll assert that QWAN is most apparent in exactly the systems I listed as my favorites earlier in this essay , and it 's mostly absent in the systems I said lacked the essential properties of living software .
( I then enumerated a few of the big ones and did some vague hand - waving about the rest of them , in case you 've forgotten . )
People have observed that Emacs has QWAN : a nice , organic , comfortable rightness that fits like a pair of old jeans , or a snug warm chair in a library by a fire .
It 's very right - brain stuff we 're talking about here , all touchy and feely and sensitive : exactly the kind of thing that programmers are often so lousy at , so it 's no wonder we do n't know the recipe for building it into our software .
But unlike with UI design , software QWAN can only come from the programmer , who is playing the roles of interior decorator , head chef , and ergonomic consultant for all the programmer - users of said software .
That 's why I think most software is crap .
I 'm not talking about the end - user experience , I 'm talking about the programmer experience ( if it even offers one ) .
Design is an art , not a science , and most of us are n't born artists .
So it 's actually pretty remarkable when QWAN evidences itself even a little in a software system .
Note , incidentally , that the end - user experience and programmer experience offered by a software system are almost totally orthogonal .
Visual Studio actually offers a pretty slick end - user experience , where the end - user in question is a programmer trying to write some C++ or C# code ( as opposed to trying to build tools to help write C++ or C# code , or to help automate away other common tasks . )
Emacs offers a completely hostile end - user experience and a nearly unparalleled programmer experience .
Eclipse is somewhere in the middle in both dimensions , but is definitely weighted more towards the end - user programmer than the programmer - user .
Finally , there are some aspects to QWAN that probably can't be captured in any recipe .
Just adding my ingredients ( a command shell , an extension language and advice system , etc. ) will improve your software system , but it's no guarantee that QWAN will appear .
Some of it just boils down to taste .
And since tastes differ , and QWAN is nowhere near as smart as its cousin DWIM , one person 's QWAN may be another 's software hell .
I still think we should try to build it .
OK .
I 've finally built up enough context to be able to explain my position on type systems .
In short , type systems are for building hardware .
Every software system has a machine beneath it — a stack of machines , actually , a whole heap of them , from the von Neumann machine with its CPUs and registers and buses down through the semiconductors and doping barriers to the atoms and quarks and their quantum - mechanical underpinnings .
But I take a broader view of hardware .
Hardware is anything that produces computations deterministically and is so inflexible that you must either break it or replace it wholesale in order to change it .
So it 's not just the physical hardware made of atoms ; in my view the hardware of a machine also encompasses any software that cannot be changed without a system reboot .
The notion of a type system is closely tied to the notions of " compile time " and " static checking " .
I tend to take a very broad view of type systems ; I consider all constraint systems imposed on computation to be types of type systems , including things like scoping and visibility constraints ( public / private / protected / friend/etc. ) , security constraints , even the fundamental computing architecture of the program as defined by its complete set of function signatures .
My view of " static " typing actually includes some stuff that happens at runtime .
But most people , when they talk about static type systems , are talking about the kinds of validations that occur at compile time ( with the help of type annotations that are part of the language syntax , and optionally type inference that 's run on the IR built from the AST ) and which evaporate at runtime .
Static type systems have several benefits over deferring the constraint checking to runtime .
For one thing , they can result in faster code , because if you do your checking up front , and you can guarantee the system wo n't change at runtime , then you do n't need to do the checks at runtime .
For another , static constraints can often be examined and reported on by tools other than the compiler ( e.g. your IDE ) , which can make it easier to follow the program flow .
And that 's all just ducky .
There 's nothing wrong with static type systems .
You just have to realize that when you use them , you 're building hardware , not software .
A static type system has absolutely no runtime effect on a correct program : exactly the same machine code is generated regardless of how many types you chose to model .
Case in point : C++ code is no more efficient than C code , and C lacks any but the most primitive type system .
C is n't dynamically typed , but it 's not particularly statically typed either .
It 's possible to write fast , robust programs in straight C. ( Emacs and the Linux kernel are two fine examples . )
The proper use of a static type system is to freeze software into hardware .
Whenever when a particular set of deterministic operations ( e.g. OpenGL rendering primitives ) becomes ubiquitous enough and stable enough that it 's worth trading off some flexibility to create a high - performance machine layer out of the API , we move it into hardware .
But it 's mostly a performance optimization ( and in very small part , a standardization move , I suppose ) that incurs a dramatic penalty in flexibility .
Because most programmers nowadays prefer to build marionettes rather than scary real children , most programming is oriented towards building layer upon layer of hardware .
C++ and Java programmers ( and I 'd be willing to bet , C# programmers ) are by default baking every line of code they write into hardware by modeling everything in the type system up front .
It 's possible to write loosely - typed C++ and Java code using just arrays , linked lists , hashes , trees , and functions , but it 's strongly deprecated ( or at least frowned upon ) in both camps , where strong typing and heavy - duty modeling have been growing increasingly fashionable for over a decade , to the detriment of productivity ( which translates to software schedule ) and flexibility ( which also translates to schedule , via the ability to incorporate new features ) .
The devotees of the Hindley - Milner type system ( which originated in academia and has only rarely escaped into the industry ) like to believe that the H-M type system is far better than the Java or C++ type systems , because ( among other reasons ) it has fewer holes in it .
The reason H - M is n't used in the industry , folks , is that it does n't have any holes .
If you 're trying to build software , but you believe ( as most do ) that you do it by repeatedly building and discarding hardware in a long , painful cycle until the hardware finally does what you want , then you need escape hatches : ways to tell the type system to shut the hell up , that you know what you 're doing , that your program is in fact producing the desired computation .
Type casts , narrowing and widening conversions , friend functions to bypass the standard class protections , stuffing minilanguages into strings and parsing them out by hand , there are dozens of ways to bypass the type systems in Java and C++ , and programmers use them all the time , because ( little do they know ) they 're actually trying to build software , not hardware .
H-M is very pretty , in a totally useless formal mathematical sense .
It handles a few computation constructs very nicely ; the pattern matching dispatch found in Haskell , SML and OCaml is particularly handy .
Unsurprisingly , it handles some other common and highly desirable constructs awkwardly at best , but they explain those scenarios away by saying that you 're mistaken , you do n't actually want them .
You know , things like , oh , setting variables .
You do n't want to do that , trust them on this .
( OCaml lets you do it , but they look down their noses at such impurities . )
It 's true that with some effort you can build beautiful , lithe marionettes with Haskell .
But they will forever remain little wooden Pinocchio , never to be granted their wish for boyhood by the Good Fairy .
Haskell has little or no notion of dynamic code loading or runtime reflection ; it 's such an alien concept to them that it 's difficult even to discuss why they might be useful with a Haskell fan : their world - view just does n't incorporate the idea of software that grows while it 's alive and breathing .
Looking around at the somewhat shabby offerings available in the land of dynamic typing , it 's not hard to see why so many programmers view dynamic languages as toys .
The main crop of popular dynamic languages includes Perl , PHP , Python , Visual Basic , JavaScript , Ruby , Tcl , and Lua .
With all due respect to the language designers , they all apparently flunked out of compiler school before starting work on their scripting languages .
Case in point : they all screwed up lexical scoping .
Ironically , having their scripting languages propelled into the limelight has turned all of them ( Larry , Guido , Matz , Brendan , etc. ) into world - class language designers , which makes them , Salieri - like , able to appreciate the weaknesses of their languages ( which can now change only with great difficulty ) in a way that most programmers will never know .
Scheme has great promise , but suffers from the fatal flaw that it can never grow , not in the way industrial - strength languages and platforms need to grow to sustain massive programmer populations .
It has to stay small to keep its niche , which is in CS education .
Common Lisp is in many ways really ideal : it 's a dynamically typed language with optional type annotations ( i.e. you build software , then selectively turn it into hardware ) , lots of great tools and documentation , all of the essential features of living software I 've enumerated in this essay , and a fair bit of QWAN thrown in for good measure .
However , it has stopped growing , and programmers can sense momentum like a shark senses blood .
Common Lisp has all of the exciting energy of a debate between William F. Buckley , Jr. and Charleton Heston .
( I watched one once , and I 'd swear they both slept through half of it . )
Plus Lisp lacks a C - like syntax .
We will never be able to make real progress in computing and language design in our industry until C syntax is wholly eradicated : a task that could take fifty years .
The only way to make progress in the meantime is to separate the model ( the AST ) and the presentation ( the syntax ) in programming languages , allow skinnable syntax , and let the C - like - syntax lovers continue to use it until they 're all dead .
Common Lisp could be enhanced to permit alternate syntaxes , but since it 's not growing anymore , it 's not going to happen .
I would look elsewhere for the Next Big Thing .
It 's 3:30 am ; I 've overshot my monthly budget by over 2 hours .
You might actually get a succinct blog out of me next month !
In any case , I think I 've got everything I wanted off my chest .
I think we want to build software that does what you mean .
It will change society in ways that are difficult to predict , since DWIM can only really come from truly intelligent software .
Nevertheless , I think it 's what we want .
I doubt it will happen any time soon , because most programmers are relentlessly focused on building hardware , through diligent overapplication of their type systems to what would otherwise be perfectly good software .
In the interim between now and the emergence of DWIM from its magic lamp , I think we should build living software .
These systems may only be as alive as a tree , but that should be sufficient to awaken QWAN in them , and all systems that have any QWAN at all are truly wonderful to use — at least as a programmer ; their end - user quality varies widely .
Living software has a command shell , since you need a way to talk to it like a grown - up .
It has an extension language , since you need a way to help it grow .
It has an advice system , since you need a way to train and tailor it .
It has a niche , since it needs users in order to thrive .
It has a plug - in architecture , so you can dress it up for your party .
And it is self - aware to the maximum extent possible given the external performance constraints .
These features must be seamlessly and elegantly integrated , each subsystem implemented with the same care and attention to detail as the system as a whole .
And you should n't need to murder it every time you grow it .
If you treat your software like a living thing , then eventually it just might become one .
If we ever wake up a real AI , I think it should be named Pinocchio .
สมัครสมาชิกบาคาร่า เป็นครั้งที่สี่ในรอบสี่เดือนที่การประชุมประมาณการรายได้ของรัฐล้มเหลวในการใช้การคาดการณ์รายได้ใหม่ในวันจันทร์ทำให้รัฐบาลจอห์นเบลเอ็ดเวิร์ดส์บริหารงบประมาณโดยใช้ตัวเลขของปีที่แล้ว
งบประมาณของฝ่ายบริหารมีกำหนดจะนำเสนอต่อคณะกรรมการนิติบัญญัติร่วมด้านงบประมาณในวันที่ 22 กุมภาพันธ์การไม่สามารถรวมประมาณการรายได้ใหม่ที่สูงขึ้นทำให้การจัดทำงบประมาณมีความซับซ้อนในการจัดลำดับความสำคัญการใช้จ่ายด้านการบริหารเช่นการเพิ่มเงินให้ครูซึ่งฝ่ายนิติบัญญัติหลายคนสนับสนุน
“ เห็นได้ชัดว่าเรากำลังมีการพูดคุยกันมากมายและกำลังมองหาทางเลือกที่แตกต่างกันมากมายเนื่องจากความไม่แน่นอนนี้ ”
Jay Dardenne ซึ่งทำหน้าที่ใน REC และเป็นผู้บัญชาการฝ่ายบริหารของ
Edwards กล่าวหลังการประชุม
Taylor Barras โฆษกของพรรครีพับลิกันไม่เต็มใจที่จะใช้ประมาณการรายรับที่เพิ่มขึ้นที่นำเสนอโดยนักเศรษฐศาสตร์ของรัฐโดยอ้างถึงความไม่แน่นอนในการคาดการณ์ เมื่อวันจันทร์ที่ผ่านมาเขาเสนอการประนีประนอม : สมัครสมาชิกบาคาร่า ยอมรับการคาดการณ์ใหม่สำหรับค่าธรรมเนียมและการอุทิศตามกฎหมาย
แต่ไม่ใช่สำหรับรายได้ของกองทุนทั่วไปซึ่งจากการนับของเขาทำให้งบประมาณเหลือ
16.5 พันล้านดอลลาร์
“ ฉันสบายใจกับเงิ น 16.5 พันล้านดอลลาร์ในอนาคต ” บาร์ราสกล่าว “ เราจะกลับมาแก้ไขได้อย่างแน่นอนในเดือนเมษายนหรือพฤษภาค ม ”
แต่ Dardenne ไม่ต้องการใช้สิ่งที่เขาเรียกว่า “ การคาดการณ์ของแฟรงเกนสไตน์ ” ประธานวุฒิสภา John Alario และนักเศรษฐศาสตร์ LSU Jim Richardson สมาชิกคนอื่น ๆ ของ REC ก็ปฏิเสธที่จะเคลื่อนไหวครั้งที่สองของ
Barras
Alario , Dardenne และ Richardson ต่างลงมติยอมรับการคาดการณ์ของนักเศรษฐศาสตร์ แต่บาร์ราสไม่ลงคะแนนและการตัดสินใจของ
REC จะต้องเป็นเอกฉันท์น “ บัตรรายงานนโยบายการคลังเกี่ยวกับผู้ว่าการรัฐของอเมริกา ” คริสเอ็ดเวิร์ดนักวิชาการของ
Cato ได้ตรวจสอบนโยบายการคลังของผู้ว่าการสหรัฐฯ
43 คนโดยระบุว่ามีเพียง 5 คนเท่านั้นที่มีความเป็นเลิศในนโยบายอนุรักษ์นิยมทางการเงิน ผู้ว่าการที่ลดภาษีและการใช้จ่ายได้รับคะแนนสูงสุด ผู้ที่เพิ่มภาษีและการใช้จ่ายจะได้รับคะแนนต่ำสุด
นับตั้งแต่ภาวะถดถอยครั้งใหญ่เศรษฐกิจสหรัฐประสบกับการขยายตัวทางเศรษฐกิจ
10 ปีและส่วนใหญ่มาจากพระราชบัญญัติการลดภาษีและงานของประธานาธิบดีโดนัลด์ทรัมป์รายงาน
Cato งบประมาณของรัฐบาลของรัฐได้รับประโยชน์จากการเติบโตอย่างมั่นคงของรายได้จากภาษีโดยรายได้จากกองทุนทั่วไปของพวกเขาเติบโตขึ้น 40 เปอร์เซ็นต์ตั้งแต่ปี
2010
ในช่วงของการขยายงบประมาณในรัฐส่วนใหญ่
Cato ได้วิเคราะห์ข้อมูลตั้งแต่เดือนมกราคม
2016 ถึงเดือนสิงหาคม 2018 เพื่อกำหนดนโยบายการคลังของผู้ว่าการรัฐจากมุมมองของรัฐบาลที่ จำกัด วิธีการของรายงานขึ้นอยู่กับตัวแปรเจ็ดตัวซึ่งรวมถึงตัวแปรการใช้จ่ายสองตัวแปรตัวแปรรายได้หนึ่งตัวและตัวแปรอัตราภาษีสี่ตัวแปร
เมื่อรัฐมีช่องว่างด้านงบประมาณการวิเคราะห์พบว่าผู้ว่าการพรรคเดโมแครตทำหน้าที่ในการขึ้นภาษีเป็นหลักเพื่อให้งบประมาณสมดุลในขณะที่พรรครีพับลิกันพยายามลดการใช้จ่าย
ในระหว่างการเติบโตทางเศรษฐกิจและรายได้จากภาษีที่เพิ่มขึ้นพรรคเดโมแครตยังคงเพิ่มการใช้จ่ายอย่างต่อเนื่องรายงานพบในขณะที่พรรครีพับลิกันเพิ่มการใช้จ่ายและดำเนินการลดภาษี
โดยเฉลี่ยแล้วพรรครีพับลิกันได้รับคะแนนทั้งการใช้จ่ายและภาษีสูงกว่าพรรคเดโมแครต
แม้ว่าความได้เปรียบของพรรครีพับลิกันในเรื่องภาษีจะมากกว่าการใช้จ่าย
แต่รายงานบันทึกไว้
รายงานนี้ไม่รวมผู้ว่าการรัฐแอละแบมาไอโอวาแคนซัสมิสซูรีนิวเจอร์ซีเวอร์จิเนียและอลาสก้า
ผู้ว่าการรัฐเพียงห้าคน – พรรครีพับลิกันทั้งหมดได้รับ
A’s : Susana Martinez จาก New Mexico , Henry McMaster of South Carolina , Doug Burgum จาก North Dakota , Paul LePage of Maine และ Greg Abbott of Texas
ผู้ว่าการแปดคนได้รับ
F โดยมีระดับสูงสุด 39 ถึงเกรดต่ำสุด 23 ; ทั้งหมดยกเว้นพรรคเดโมแครต ได้แก่ Roy Cooper จาก North Carolina , John Bel Edwards จาก Louisiana , Tom Wolf of Pennsylvania , Jim Justice of West Virginia , David Ige of Hawaii , Dennis Daugaard จาก South Dakota , Kate Brown จาก Oregon และ Jay Inslee จาก Washington
ซูซานามาร์ติเนซผู้ว่าการ
A + ได้รับคะแนนสูงสุดเนื่องจากการกระทำซ้ำ ๆ ของเธอในการยับยั้งการใช้จ่ายที่สิ้นเปลืองและความมุ่งมั่นที่จะรักษางบประมาณกองทุนทั่วไปของนิวเม็กซิโกให้คงที่
มาร์ติเนซยังติดตามการปฏิรูปภาษีเพื่อให้รัฐของเธอมีความสามารถในการแข่งขันทางเศรษฐกิจมากขึ้นรวมถึงการลดอัตราภาษีนิติบุคคลของรัฐและการปฏิเสธอย่างสม่ำเสมอและการยับยั้งการขึ้นภาษีที่เสนอโดยสภานิติบัญญัติ
ในอีกด้านหนึ่งที่เจ็ดถึงสุดท้ายพรรคเดโมแครตจอห์นเบลเอ็ดเวิร์ดแห่งลุยเซียนาได้รับ
F. ความมุ่งมั่นของเขาในการเพิ่มภาษีที่มีอยู่ในสภานิติบัญญัติของรัฐก่อนที่เขาจะลงสมัครรับตำแหน่งผู้ว่าการรัฐ
เมื่อเขากลายเป็นผู้ว่าการรัฐเอ็ดเวิร์ดได้ลงนามในกฎหมายที่เรียกเก็บภาษีแอลกอฮอล์บุหรี่ผู้ให้บริการด้านการดูแลสุขภาพค่าเช่ารถสินค้าคงเหลือทางธุรกิจและสินค้าอื่น
ๆ ตามกฎหมาย นอกจากนี้เขายังได้เพิ่มภาษีแฟรนไชส์ของ บริษัท และขยายฐานภาษีการขาย
Tom Wolf จากพรรคเดโมแครตซึ่งได้รับ
F จากการดำเนินนโยบายการคลังของเขา
“ ทำลายสภาพแวดล้อมสำหรับการเติบโตของธุรกิจในเพนซิลเวเนีย ”
รายงานระบุการผลักดันของ
Wolf ในการขึ้นภาษีจำนวนมากในปี
2015 ซึ่งไม่ประสบความสำเร็จและประสบความสำเร็จในปี
2016 2017 และ 2018 เพื่อทำลายรัฐด้วยการขึ้นภาษี
หัวก้อย ข้อเสนองบประมาณปี 2559 ของ Wolf ที่เพิ่มภาษีประจำปีมากกว่า 2 พันล้านดอลลาร์รวมถึงอัตราภาษีเงินได้บุคคลธรรมดาที่สูงขึ้นภาษีสำหรับการผลิตก๊าซธรรมชาติการเพิ่มภาษีการขายและภาษียาสูบที่สูงขึ้น ผลที่ตามมาคือภาษีที่เพิ่มขึ้น
675 ล้านดอลลาร์ต่อป ี
งบประมาณป ี 2017 ของเขาเสนอการขึ้นภาษี 1 พันล้านดอลลาร์ต่อปีรวมถึงภาษีเงินชดเชยที่สูงขึ้นการขยายฐานภาษีการขายและภาษีนิติบุคคลและภาษีเบี้ยประกัน
ผลที่ตามมาคือการขึ้นภาษีอีกครั้งรวม
200 ล้านดอลลาร์ต่อปีซึ่งรวมถึงภาษีการขายออนไลน์ภาษีการเล่นเกมทางอินเทอร์เน็ตและอื่น
ๆ ในปี 2018
Wolf ยังคงผลักดันให้มีการเรียกเก็บภาษีเงินชดเชยที่สูงขึ้นซึ่งจะเพิ่มขึ้นประมาณ
250 ล้านดอลลาร์ต่อป ี
“ การขึ้นภาษีทั้งหมดนี้ไม่ได้ทำให้การเงินของรัฐเพนซิลเวเนียมีเสถียรภาพ ” เอ็ดเวิร์ดให้เหตุผล “ ตามเกณฑ์รายหัวรัฐเป็นหนึ่งใน
10 อันดับที่เลวร้ายที่สุดสำหรับหนี้และหนี้สินบำนาญที่ไม่ได้รับเงินและมีอันดับเครดิตต่ำที่สุดแห่งหนึ่งจาก
Standard and Poor ’s ”
ในรัฐต่างๆเช่นเนวาดาและโคโลราโดมีการแบ่งรัฐบาลและบันทึกการเติบโตทางเศรษฐกิจผู้ว่าการทั้งสองได้รับ
D สำหรับนโยบายการคลังในปี 2018
Brian Sandoval จากพรรครีพับลิกันในเนวาดาได้รับ
D หัวก้อย สำหรับการกลับรายการของเขาในการทำลายสัญญาเริ่มต้นที่จะไม่เพิ่มภาษี
Cato ชี้ให้ Sandoval ดำเนินการขึ้นภาษีครั้งใหญ่ที่สุดในประวัติศาสตร์ของเนวาดาในปี
2558 ซึ่งมากกว่ า 600 ล้านดอลลาร์ต่อปี ในบรรดาการปรับขึ้นอย่างกว้างขวางรวมถึงการเพิ่มภาษีการขายก่อนหน้าการเพิ่มค่าธรรมเนียมใบอนุญาตของธุรกิจการสร้างภาษีสรรพสามิตใหม่สำหรับ บริษัท ขนส่งและการเพิ่มภาษีธุรกิจดัดแปลง
“ อย่างไรก็ตามส่วนที่แย่ที่สุดของแพ็กเกจนี้คือการเรียกเก็บภาษีธุรกิจใหม่ทั้งหมดนั่นคือภาษีการค้า ” เอ็ดเวิร์ดให้เหตุผลเนื่องจากมีการเรียกเก็บจากรายรับรวมของธุรกิจในเนวาดาทั้งหมดที่มีขนาดเกินเกณฑ์
ภาษีซึ่งมี 26 อัตราที่แตกต่างกันตามอุตสาหกรรม
“ เป็นภาษีที่ซับซ้อนและบิดเบือน ” เอ็ดเวิร์ดกล่าว
มีการกล่าวหาว่ามีการเรียกเก็บภาษีการค้าเพื่อเพิ่มเงินทุนการศึกษาแม้ว่าปีที่แล้วผู้มีสิทธิเลือกตั้งในเนวาดาจะปฏิเสธมาตรการใด
ๆ ในการเพิ่มภาษีเพื่อจ่ายเพื่อการศึกษา ตั้งแต่ปี 2015 มีความพยายามมากมายในการยกเลิกภาษีการค้า
“ ภายใต้ Sandoval นโยบายภาษีของเนวาดาทำให้เกิดการขึ้นภาษีจำนวนมากสำหรับธุรกิจโดยทั่วไป แต่เป็นการแบ่งส่วนที่แคบสำหรับผู้โชคดีเพียงไม่กี่คน ” เอ็ดเวิร์ดกล่าว
จอห์นฮิคเกนลูเปอร์อดีตพรรคเดโมแครตซึ่งเป็นผู้นำของโคโลราโดยังได้รับรางวัล
D .
January 20 , 2006 08:38 IST
Y ou spend almost as much time with your boss as your sweetie , and finding the right match at work is nearly as important to your happiness as finding the right mate .
But finding the right boss is n't a matter of the heart .
It 's a cold calculation , matching your skills and ambition with the prospects and demands of a new job against the new honcho 's management style .
Landing the right job requires asking the right questions during the interview and picking up on the office vibe .
" The kinds of questions you ask tell the interviewer how well prepared you are for the interview , " says Umesh Ramakrishnan , vice chairman of Christian & Timbers , an executive search firm with offices throughout the nation .
" Asking questions about their product range - - or specific services you could n't find out simply by reading the cover letter you received from the company or from the employment ad -- means you did some independent research about the company on the Internet or at the library .
This shows the prospective employer that you 're serious about the job . "
A job interview is like a first date in that both sides seek to answer the same question :
Can this develop into something good ?
The interviewer wants to know what sets you apart from other qualified applicants , and you need to know if the company is a good fit for you .
Slideshows
7 things to ask your prospective boss
7 deadly interview flubs
The basic tactic for job seekers is simple :
If you do n't know , ask .
But keep in mind that how and what you ask can determine if you get the job .
In the interview , your pitch to the prospective employer is direct :
This is what I can do for you .
Your questions to the interviewer should gently probe the flip side :
What 's in it for me ?
You want a job that offers new challenges and the prospect of career growth .
Make it clear to the interviewer that your education and experience has prepared you for the task ahead , and that you welcome something new .
To this end , ask about your boss 's management style .
A micromanager is dangerous to your mental health and can be disastrous for your career .
You want someone who sets goals , offers tips and lets you handle the assignment .
Before you hitch your wagon to the boss ' star , determine if that star is rising or falling .
Start by asking about values and goals .
If your prospective boss is n't engaged and enthusiastic , your career is likely to take a hit , so keep looking .
Toss a few unexpected questions to your prospective boss .
The intent is n't to nail him to the wall but to gauge his reaction .
If he 's miffed , it may be an indication of an acute lack of self - confidence -- never a good sign .
If the answer is right out of the employee manual , your prospective boss may be timid , unimaginative or even defeated .
If the response if flat , stifle a yawn and keep your job search alive .
Ask your prospective boss to describe what makes a good employee .
If the description does n't match your aspirations , keep looking .
But if things click , you may have found the right job .
Check into educational opportunities , but always bring the conversation back to a basic point during the interview :
This will help me do a better job for you .
Work flow is part of the equation .
If you 're fast and accurate , your boss will quickly come to depend on you .
But you may also pick up the work of less efficient or diligent co-workers , and this is likely to cut into your time for special projects .
So you need to know if the reward for outstanding performance is more challenging assignments or a cascade of routine work .
The truth about lies
Resigning with grace
Turnover often tells a company 's story .
If there 's constant churn , chances are it's a bad shop and you do n't want to be there .
Ask how long people stay and where they go after leaving the company .
This can be tricky , because you 've got to make it clear that you 're not planning your departure before you 've arrived .
If many former employees take a step up , working at the company can be a good way to advance your career .
The smart boss knows that talented , ambitious employees often move on after several years , and if your skills match the company 's needs , the boss will be happy to grab you , knowing that you wo n't be a lifetime employee .
Ask to talk to other workers in your classification .
This will give you a sharper picture of office morale and how current employees approach the job .
This all plays out against a backdrop some job applicants miss .
If you land an interview , the company thinks you can do the job .
Remember : Never discuss compensation in the initial interview .
Chances are you comb your hair and brush your teeth for a first date .
A job interview also requires basic preparation .
If the company is publicly traded , check the quarterly earnings statements filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission .
Most companies file electronically , and the information is available online .
If the company is privately held and an up - and - comer , read as many newspaper and magazine articles as you can find .
Always know the company 's competition .
" When asked about your accomplishments , not giving credit to others or a team can lead the prospective employer to conclude that you 're egotistical or not a team player , " Ramakrishnan says from his Cleveland office .
If you do n't match your skills and aspirations to the right boss , your stomach will do back flips before you know it , your job performance will suffer and you can expect to clean out your desk in about a year .
As you pack your stuff in boxes , a quick escape is all you want , but short stints at a series of jobs can damage your career .
Keep an eye out for the warning signs .
Bad male or female bosses exhibit similar traits : moody , quick to pass the buck , routinely berating others , not above lying and generally unpredictable .
Inconsistent and often conflicting demands of subordinates are perfectly counterpointed by an inexhaustible capacity to smile like a Cheshire cat and say the right things around superiors .
But such people did n't become bosses on twisted charm alone .
They 're good at something -- just not getting the most out of subordinates .
If possible , talk to the company 's clients .
This will give you an unvarnished view of the company 's strengths and weaknesses , and may give you an insight into how it treats employees .
Asking such questions is much like a first date :
How things are said can reveal as much as what is said .
Listen carefully and keep an eye on your prospective boss 's demeanor .
These basic techniques will work for nonprofits , mom-and - pop operations and major companies such as Intel , Microsoft , Exxon Mobil and JPMorgan Chase .
Finally , follow your gut .
If your prospective boss lacks confidence and if you 're a gunslinger , you 're headed for a shootout you can't win .
Bullets beat the big monkey only in the movies .
If things just do n't feel right , the job is n't right for you -- and wo n't be -- no matter how badly you want it or how long you strive to make it right .
Slideshow : Networking tips
Is this what the loss of net neutrality will bring ?
An SVW reader left this tip :
I use Cox cable internet , Cox 's media empire printed classifieds is one of their big revenue drivers .
Guess what ?
If you try to access Craigslist over Cox Cable internet ... its nearly impossible !
It appears that they throttle access to craigslist - as a matter of fact there have been a zillion complaints but hey , who can blame Cox ?
They 're trying to stop the opening cap in their money dam !
Maybe you should investigate this tip further .
Cheers
I did investigate further , I walked out of my apartment and across Alamo Square and popped in on Jim Buckmaster , the CEO of Craigslist .
Jim was just getting back from work and I spoke with Susan Best , publicist for Craigslist .
Susan said they have known about the problem with Cox .
Jim soon arrived and said the problem of access had been going on since late February .
It had something to do with the security software that Cox isusing from a company called Authentium .
Cox has been collaborating with Authentium since April 2005 to develop the security software suite .
Back on February 23rd Authentium acknowledged that their software is blocking Craigslist but it still has n't fixed the problem , more than three months later .
That 's a heck of long time to delete some text from their blacklist .
[ UPDATE : I assumed there was a blacklist - I have no idea how Craigslist is being blocked but Authentium admits its software has blocked Craigslist . ]
And this company also supplies security software to other large ISPs .
Craigslist has approached Authentium several times to get it to stop blocking access by Cox internet users but it has been unresponsive .
Jim was n't aware that Cox had its own classified ads service .
" That changes things , " he said .
This situation does not look good in the context of the net neutrality debate .
This is exactly the kind of scenario that many people are concerned about , that the cable companies and the telcos will make it difficult for their internet users to access competing services .
Here are Craigslists ' system reports :
If you scroll down you can see the Cox problem , and there are quite a few problems with others too : email with SBC , and also with Yahoo and BT Internet .
Are those problems also related to the telcos using software that discriminates against Craigslist ?
Some more related links :
From Newspapers and Technology : Cox papers adding interactive features to classifieds Sept 2005
Take a look at this story about Cox refusing to run AP video .
Is it fighting for open standards are is it fighting off a competitor with a poor revenue split ?
From Mark Glaser 's MediaShift : Cox Newspapers Says No to AP Video
Are the telcos funding an online campaign against net neutrality ?
Take a look at this recent post from Mark Glaser 's MediaShift : Bloggers Must Be Vigilant Against Astroturf Comments
Here is the Cox Communications site , it 's called Safe is Beautiful ( ! )
Here is a video sent to me by writer / director Stefano Boscutti :
SAVE THE INTERNET
While Americans ( and the Dutch ) are still trying to figure out exactly how to implement this " e- voting " thing without hackers exploiting them , people cracking them open ( literally ) , and machines counting votes in triplicate , it looks like the Brits are disregarding all the red flags already waving and are giving it a go in select locations .
New pilot schemes are slated to " help people vote more conveniently at the Local Government Elections in 13 local English authorities come May 2007 , " and while some areas simply get the option to vote in advance , Bedford , Breckland , Dover , South Bucks , Stratford - on - Avon District Council , and Warwick District Council will be graced with " electronic scanning technology to count ballot papers , " while Rushmoor , Sheffield , Shrewsbury & Atcham , South Bucks , and Swindon will actually be able to " use the internet or telephone " to cast their vote if they so choose .
The move is apparently tailored to fit the " more modern lifestyles " that most folks ( mostly younger ) are living , and officials hope that opening up the internet as a voting medium will convince chair - sitters to get off their butts surf on over and vote .
Whether or not some trickster finds a loophole in the web - based voting system ( or changes his / her voice up on a couple call - ins ) to sabotage everything for everyone remains to be seen , but the Electoral Commission should be publishing the " findings " from these trials this August before choosing to keep ( or axe ) said methods .
[ Via Slashdot ]
( points )
The Mobile Web
Ladies and gentlemen , it is a pleasure to be here today .
I must say I cannot claim to be an expert in the mobile phone technology , so I speak as a guest in this conference .
My career for the last 20 years has unrolled in the context of the Internet .
What I find exciting about being here now is that we are at an epic point in telecommunications history , when the mobile platforms discussed here , and the Internet platforms which have enabled such a spectacular growth and innovation , are poised , if we manage this well , to merge .
In the few minutes we have together , I would like to explain to you the essence of an open Web platform — the things without which it would not deserve the name .
I would like you to understand that there are plenty of ways in which we could fail to pull this off , and leave ourselves incapacitated , with innovation stifled .
By ' we ' here I mean the whole community of manufacturers , service providers , content providers , consumers , and to a limited extent , legislators .
I 'd like you also to feel with me the excitement about some of the incredible things we can aim for if we succeed .
Let me tell you where I am coming from , to help you understand my point of view .
Twenty years ago , or 52 Web years as we used to say , I was a software engineer at CERN , the particle physics lab in Geneva .
CERN is a great place , full of people from across the world tackling the greatest current challenges in physics .
It is a great place to work , with lots of very creative people who chat over coffee with views of the vineyards and the Alps .
Now , this diversity of talent had brought with it a diversity of technology .
This is pre-Web .
Take your minds back — perhaps , younger ones , ask your parents .
There are documents stored on computers — papers , manuals , help systems , letters , but each system works on one particular computer — minicomputer , mainframe or PC or Mac in those days — and runs on one particular operating system , VMS , VM - CMS , DOS , Mac OS , and many flavors of Unix .
So finding a document involved finding out which computer it was on , knowing which program to run , and learning how to use that program .
This was driving me crazy , and by 1989 I 'd figured out that a networked hypertext system , a kind of Web , could be used to wrap up each system and make its screens , menus and documents be part of a globally interconnected space which could be viewed from any computer .
Also , just at that point , a critical transition was occurring .
Each computer had been connected to a different form of network : Decnet , Cernnet , Bitnet , Appletalk , and so on .
The attempts to rationalize these using ISO standards was not doing well .
However , the Internet was already connecting universities all over the US .
Depending on who you talked to , it was just becoming respectable ; it was also becoming possible to connect computers to it at CERN .
I wanted to design the World Wide Web , as I decided to call it , to be usable for any data on any system .
I had watched the failure of so many sophisticated documentation access systems which constrained their users to use one type of computer , or operating system .
If really anything could be on the Web , then the Web technology should demand almost nothing of its users .
The reason that I could just design the Web by myself and set it running on a couple of computers without asking anyone , was that the Internet in turn had been designed to be used for anything , constraining its users as little as possible .
So this is one of the qualities of an open platform : it is built to enable , not to control , and it does not try to second guess the things which will be built using it .
The Web is designed , in turn , to be universal : to include anything and anyone .
This universality includes an independence of hardware device and operating system , as I mentioned , and clearly this includes the mobile platform .
It also has to allow links between data from any form of life , academic , commercial , private or government .
It can't censor : it must allow scribbled ideas and learned journals , and leave it to others to distinguish these .
It has to be independent of language and of culture .
It has to provide as good an access as it can for people with disabilities .
The Web worked because of a number of technical and social reasons .
It worked because there was no central bottleneck for traffic , no central link database to be kept consistent , no central place to go and register a new page or a new Web site .
It worked because it was valuable , in a novel way .
The value added by the Web is the unexpected re-use of information .
People learned that if they went to the trouble of putting something on the Web for some reason , that others would benefit later in ways they never anticipated .
The experience of surfing the Web , which blew some of the early users away for days and nights , was of discovering things you never knew existed .
So the Web worked .
How many projects do we start which have a bright start and fizzle out over time ?
So many that it is worth celebrating that the Web worked .
It is worth noting why .
A lot of that has to do with the open Internet platform .
Let me mention one important aspect of the platform .
The serendipitous re-use of information happens because when I buy an Internet connection , I do n't specify the Web sites I am going to connect to .
If you buy an Internet connection , and you run a Web server , then I can connect to your site .
I do n't find my ISP saying that it wants to be my supplier of music , and so it will block access to any site I try to load music from .
This is of course different from the model which the cable companies have had .
The relatively recent ability of the Internet to carry video promises to really open up the movie delivery options , and provide an exciting new world of anything on demand any time , and not just anything we currently get from a few large companies , but the long tail , the seething mass of individual and independent films which are waiting to entertain someone out there .
When a US cable company threatens to attempt to stifle this aspect of the open Internet platform , we have defended it as Net Neutrality .
Net Neutrality was so much of an obvious technical and social prerequisite of the Internet world , that it never needed a name until now .
It is a tension of convergence , where different business models and cultures may clash .
I am confident that Net Neutrality will be preserved , for the good of us all .
But I would urge you to support it whenever you get the chance .
So what else does it take to make an open Internet platform ?
What does it take ?
It takes , mainly , common standards .
The innovation of the WWW was possible because the standards for TCP / IP were already implemented in an interoperable way all over the planet , in advance of the innovation .
TCP / IP was n't designed with networked hypertext in mind .
But it was n't designed to prohibit it either — it was and is an open platform .
Web 2.0 community Web sites , eBay , and Flickr are possible because the Web standards , in turn , were widely implemented in an interoperable way , before those innovations .
The same for the wikis , like Wikipedia , and blogs , and so on .
The Web is a huge platform for innovation because of those standards .
Any new genre of communication , any new social networking idea , immediately can gain the value of unexpected re-use by people across the world .
There is a very important difference in attitude between a foundation technology and — well — let 's call it a ceiling technology .
A foundation technology is designed to enable innovation , to be the base which will support other even more powerful things to come .
A ceiling technology is not .
It is designed to provide a value , and for its provider to cash in and cash out .
Proprietary music download systems are ceiling technologies to the extent that the technologists design to be also being the only store in town , rather than creating an open market .
Though putting a lid on further innovation , they are still providing a service , and making sure they profit from it .
Ceiling technologies are the end of the road for innovation .
When you want to make a foundation technology , you need to look ahead .
You need to put aside the short term return on investment questions and look at the long term .
A great example of this is the patent question .
In 1989 my colleagues in the Internet community would not have dreamed of patenting the ideas in the Internet protocols .
We worked together to figure out new ideas , and implement them as common standards .
As the Web grew , we realised we needed to establish a structure for developing common Web technical standards .
In 1994 we formed the W3C as a meeting place for this process .
In 1998 , we had launched a project to help with the issue of user privacy on the Web .
It was a protocol ( P3P ) to allow a Web browser to automatically read and check a machine - readable version of a Web site 's privacy policy .
It was not a very exciting new technology , but it was an important innovation as electronic commerce was being held back in some cases by user fears in this area .
At the time when we should have been engaged in deployment and testing , a small company announced that everyone who wished to make a P3P implementation would have to pay royalties .
They claimed to have a patent on something to do with information being communicated and stored and affecting future communication .
This has a devastating effect .
Anyone working for a large company was told by lawyers never to read anything to do with the work .
Anyone working as a volunteer in their garage dropped their work on these tools as they did n't want to work for free for this company .
The mid-sized companies who were running a business specifically around the technology ran into serious trouble .
It took us 18 months and $ 150 k to get a legal opinion that royalties were not in fact payable , but that was 4 Web years , during the boom , and that was too long .
P3P lost its momentum .
The world lost an enabling technology .
How does a company think about standards then if following them may involve losing that short - term ceiling technology return ?
It is a game .
In the mathematical sense .
Here is the payoff matrix :
You commit to working on a standard , or not .
The standard may take off or it may not .
If you do n't commit to the standard , and it does n't work , ( which of course it wo n't if no one else does ) then life , and your proprietary ceiling technology , continues .
No innovation .
If you do commit to it and it it does work , then a whole new market is enabled :
This is the disruptive case .
There is some effort involved moving the company to the standard , and often to help build the standard .
You might join W3C to help make it happen .
A certain amount of effort .
There is a major long term return .
One of the most difficult things for some companies to learn is that this is not a zero - sum game .
We are so used to battling over a fixed market , or battling over fixed resources , that we tend to assume everything is such that we can only win what our competitors lose .
But when we make a whole new market space , like the Web , or like GSM actually , then we are in fact together battling the human condition such as inefficiency , poverty and ignorance .
Now , what about the corner cases ?
The fear seems to be of going for the standard and it not taking off .
Well , the loss in this case is the engineering time to tool up for the standard , which could have been saved .
But it is a very finite loss .
On the other hand , what if you decide not to go for the standard and it does take off ?
Everything happens , the new market appears , and you are not there .
The pace of everything ramps up dramatically , and you are left standing still .
The costs of retooling to a standard get much bigger as time passes .
In this conference we all can see the stresses on phone companies , and we know the dis - empowerment of all travelers from the fact that the GSM standards and frequencies are not quite global — and we know the benefits from the fact that are becoming so .
Other cases spring to mind .
On the Internet , for example , streaming media are available in many incompatible formats .
Often this is due to companies wanting to profit from ceiling technologies .
This involves making a high income from the technology itself rather than letting it take off .
This in turn requires patents , and of course that the owned technology dominates .
Hence the battles over VHS and Betamax , HD DVD and Blu - Ray , and so on .
So as the Web platform and the mobile phone converge — what do we want the result to be ?
A foundation or a ceiling technology ?
Clearly , a foundation .
A mobile phone — or whatever device we carry around which uses GSM technology and its successors — is going to be everywhere , and everyone will have one .
It has do be designed to be universal .
So that everyone can use it .
So that you can do anything with it .
The choice is the new platform being a privately owned walled garden , or a competitive open platform .
Both models can work in the medium term .
But the open model opens up new things which we can only try to imagine .
What are the standards ?
Basically , the same standards as the current Web uses .
That is the most important point .
It is one Web .
The Web works on phones .
There are effective browsers which can give you access to the same information which you could see from any laptop or desktop .
Of course , looking ahead , small devices will get smarter and displays will get more and more pixels , so mobile devices are taking the same track which larger computers did a few years before .
That said , there are ways of making a Web site work much better with a mobile device .
The W3C's Mobile Web Initiative ( MWI ) is a group of mobile technology companies within the World Wide Web Consortium which realize the importance of this convergence and are working hard to make the Mobile Web a reality .
MWI defines best practices for authoring content .
It defines what sort of facilities that you should expect to find on a mobile device .
It gives best practices for serving data in the most device - independent way .
It recommends finding out what device you are talking to if you can , and sending appropriately formatted content .
Some phone browsers set out to be able to provide access to virtually any Web page , but technical limitation on other phones make this impossible .
To encourage Web sites to become easily browsable by mobile devices , there is a " mobileOK " mark which may be used by content providers adhering to guidelines .
Designing for the " mobileOK " mark , designing Web sites which are browsable by many different sorts of devices also has important spin - offs .
Many of the MWI best practices are in fact good Web design principles , so the whole site will be easier to use for anyone .
There is a also a lot of overlap with accessibility .
Making a " mobileOK " site and making one which is easily used by people with disabilities involves the same sort of work .
From the beginning , The W3C has fought the " best viewed with 800x600 screen " buttons , and any design patterns which disenfranchise different devices .
This was difficult when everyone seemed to have the same sort of laptop , but easier as it became obvious that screens vary a lot .
The Mobile Web Initiative is the work we have to do now .
It is timely , it is part of a historic convergence of technologies .
But it is part of a general strategic principle of keeping the information which is such a huge form of capital in the world in as powerful , and reusable from as we can , for the future generations and people who do n't currently have access .
It is n't just about making the Web you know today work on mobile phones .
We are talking about innovation .
The innovations which will really count are the things which I can't imagine now .
They may include new applications built using the familiar AJAX technologies used cross- platform now , well known by developers , and increasingly available on mobile devices .
These new applications may also operate across multiple devices .
This is where we talk of the Ubiquitous Web .
Have you noticed the price of LEDs is coming down , and more and more surfaces are covered with them ?
Not just at rock concerts and Times Square , but coming soon to all kinds of surfaces near you .
Your phone could use these displays , and the abstract task you are doing can really rise above individual devices .
Imagine that my phone or my wristwatch has details of a flight I am booking , and I walk into a room where it negotiates to project a map on the wall .
And so on .
Imagine yourself .
Innovate on the mobile Web platform .
Among other things , many of us are hoping that a low - cost open platform will have a much greater penetration in what we currently call the developing world .
I personally believe that it is important to humanity to connect peoples across the world as widely as possible .
I think we must preserve the diversity of cultures and ideas .
But also I think we must connect people to give more global harmony .
We should not add connectivity to the long list that the richer countries have and the poorer ones do not , a list which of course has clean water , health care and peace pretty near the top .
As part of the Mobile Web Initiative , W3C held a workshop on the Mobile Web in Developing Countries .
One of the concerns is that some of the new phones aimed at the lower cost bracket do n't all have Web browsers .
The area is very exciting , and the figures for coverage — 80 % of the world 's population I have heard ( World Bank , according to Wikipedia ) , and for market growth in developing countries seem very positive .
So when we look at the choices for the mobile devices , it is clear that they must continue on the path to an open Web platform .
That is what the Mobile Web Initiative is about .
Huge new markets , and huge opportunities for humanity , depend on this .
We know in general how to do it .
But there is a lot to do .
It has been my pleasure to take a tour of these issues with you , you who are the companies and individuals who are making it happen .
Tim Berners - Lee
Friday evening , I did something I rarely do : I watched one of those pseudo - news shows , the kind that generally focus on soft news that everybody but me seems to be interested in .
Generally it is some kind of pop culture junk like Brittany ’s latest antic ( WHO is Brittany anyway and why does everyone but me know her by first name ? ) .
But a Friday night spent under a cozy quilt , nursing a slight malaise left from New Year ’s , left me sprawled in a recliner with a TV remote and nothing worth watching .
I happened to catch Primetime , an ABC show that left me deeply disturbed .
The show was about the Milgram experiment conducted in the early 60s and a 2006 similar replication of the experiment .
In 1961 , just a few months after the trial of Adolf Eichmann began , the Yale psychologist Stanley Milgram began an experiment to test to what degree people would obey authority even when it was in direct conflict with their personal beliefs .
The subjects of the experiment were people like you and me .
They were asked to participate in experiment about whether pain assisted the learning process .
The second individual , complicit in the experiment , was set up in another room as the “ student . ”
The “ teacher ” , the actual subject of the experiment , was placed in front of a panel of switches labeled with increasing voltage .
Whenever the “ student ” missed a question , the teacher was directed to flip the next highest voltage switch , giving the student an apparent electric shock .
The teacher could not see the student , but could hear the student ’s responses .
There was no actual voltage applied to the student , but the student gave increasingly painful cries , and as the experiment proceeded , the students began to plea that the experiment end .
In an amazing number of cases , the teacher , despite the cries and entreaties of the student , continued to give increasing shocks .
The experiment found :
Ordinary people , simply doing their jobs , and without any particular hostility on their part , can become agents in a terrible destructive process .
Moreover , even when the destructive effects of their work become patently clear , and they are asked to carry out actions incompatible with fundamental standards of morality , relatively few people have the resources needed to resist authority .
The experiment was not repeated for over 40 years .
It was n’t repeated because of the psychological trauma that the experiment caused to the “ teachers . ”
Primetime said they wanted to know if people today would continue to obey an authority figure even if they thought it meant hurting someone .
The test was modified somewhat , in an attempt to avoid the psychological harm the first experiment caused to the teachers , so rather than going to 450 volts , the teachers were asked to go only to 150 volts .
80 percent or so of the original subjects would go to the end if they got to the 150 volt mark .
In the recent experiment , each student told the researcher , in the presence of the teacher , that he or she suffered from a heart problem .
The researcher assured the student , again in the presence of the teacher , that the experiment was harmless .
The experimenter told both that the test could be discontinued at any time , that they would get paid whether the test was complete or not .
Then during the experiment , if the teacher asked to discontinue , the experimenter simply said that the test needed to continue .
The experimenter made no threats , no gestures of threat , or any particular emotion at all .
He simply said the test needed to continue .
Despite believing the student suffered a heart problem , despite the cries of pain , despite the pleas to cease , despite any physical or indeed emotional pressure to continue , the majority of subjects continued to administer the shocks .
We have apparently learned nothing about the evil that obedience to authority can be .
It is not a horrible shock to me , given the evidence of torture at the hands of our soldiers , but it is nonetheless a disturbing result .
No one could predict who would be willing to fulfill the experiment and who would not .
People of both genders , all races , social status etc. , were willing to continue .
They did find that women were actually more likely to proceed than men .
The conclusion reached in this experiment was that the people who refused to continue with the apparently painful experiment had one significant difference from those who would continue .
The people who refused felt responsible for their actions .
The people who would continue , declined any responsibility for their actions .
The people who would continue told the researchers that the pain was not their fault , that they were simply a conduit at the switches , and that it was the experimenters who shouldered the blame .
In one of the videotaped sessions , the teacher , who has just heard the student complain of his chest hurting ( remember the student has previously mentioned a pre-existing heart condition ) and beg for the experiment to stop , is heard asking the experimenter , “ who is to blame here if something goes wrong ? ”
When the experimenter says that he ( the experimenter ) is to blame , the teacher says “ that ’s all I needed to know ” and continues the experiment to the end .
The people who refused to continue said they felt responsible for the pain they were causing .
They accepted responsibility for flipping those switches .
One subject continued despite some cries of pain , but flatly refused once the student asked that the experiment stop .
That subject said once the experiment was no longer consensual , he had to stop .
This subject was described as a bit of a non-conformist .
How sad that it takes a non conformist to rebel against hurting another , but it supports my belief that some healthy disrespect for authority is a good thing .
It is all about personal responsibility .
What kind of person can flip a switch that might kill someone and yet take no responsibility for his or her actions ?
What kind of person can listen to someone scream as they torture them , and yet blame someone else ?
The experimenter in this test had absolutely no control over the life of the teacher .
There were no threats made against the teacher , and in fact the teacher was told that they would be paid for their time whether or not the experiment was completed .
I spent some time living in Europe and remember discussing torture and the Nazis with some German friends .
The grandparents of one of my German friends lived near Dachau during World War II .
She said her grandparents always claimed they had no idea what was going on at the concentration camp not many miles away .
I always doubted the truth of that statement .
Now I wonder if it matters at all .
If people are actually willing to hurt someone else just because they ’re told to do so , it is n’t much worse to simply ignore it .
So , here ’s my great branding / commercialism / capitalist captcha idea for the day :
Everyone has this stuff now .
Comments , sign ups , it ’s everywhere .
We only want people , not computers .
But it ’s way way too hard to decipher the writing .
What we need is a centralized captcha server that everyone can use for free .
And how would it be monetized , you ask ?
Easy .
Logos .
It might be for soup or a server or an airline …
Type the brand you see above , please .
Update : The Washington Post has issued a correction for this story that I posted earlier , Official ’s Key Report On Iraq Is Faulted
A Feb. 9 front - page article about the Pentagon inspector general ’s report regarding the office of former undersecretary of defense Douglas J. Feith incorrectly attributed quotations to that report .
References to Feith ’s office producing “ reporting of dubious quality or reliability ” and that the office “ was predisposed to finding a significant relationship between Iraq and al Qaeda ” were from a report issued by Sen.
Carl Levin ( D - Mich . ) in Oct. 2004 .
Similarly , the quotes stating that Feith ’s office drew on “ both reliable and unreliable reporting ” to produce a link between al - Qaeda and Iraq “ that was much stronger than that assessed by the IC [ Intelligence Community ] and more in accord with the policy views of senior officials in the Administration ” were also from Levin ’s report .
The article also stated that the intelligence provided by Feith ’s office supported the political views of senior administration officials , a conclusion that the inspector general ’s report did not draw .
The two reports employ similar language to characterize the activities of Feith ’s office : Levin ’s report refers to an “ alternative intelligence assessment process ” developed in that office , while the inspector general ’s report states that the office “ developed , produced , and then disseminated alternative intelligence assessments on the Iraq and al Qaida relationship , which included some conclusions that were inconsistent with the consensus of the Intelligence Community , to senior decision - makers . ”
The inspector general ’s report further states that Feith ’s briefing to the White House in 2002 “ undercuts the Intelligence Community ” and “ did draw conclusions that were not fully supported by the available intelligence . ” ( emphasis mine )
The Right has seized on this as somehow proof that intelligence was not manipulated by Douglas Feith and the administration .
Well WaPo got its correction somewhat wrong ( though good for them for trying and being concerned about these details , but the IG ’s report is not accurately charaterized by calling it “ Levin ’s report ” ) .
The the fringe right - wing blog Hot Air , WaPo quasi- retracts page - one story about Feith Iraq / AQ intel , posted at 6:49 pm on February 9 , 2007 by Allahpundit
And yet , per the Times : “ According to Congressional officials [ who ’d read the report ] , Mr. Feith ’s statement and the policy office ’s rebuttal , the report concluded that none of the Pentagon ’s activities were illegal and that they did not violate Defense Department directives . ”
In which case … whence the impropriety ?
He conducted his own investigation and came to a different conclusion than the CIA .
Like Captain
Ed says , I thought the left liked dissent .
One ca n’t help but give pause to note their confidence in the New York Times a paper that Hot Air ’s ideological cousin Ann Coulter considers so liberal and un-American that it should be bombed .
When they think they ’ve found something that supports their case suddenly the NYT is their best friend .
Liberals do like dissent and many are still wondering why dissenting views within the intelligence community were not given the kind of consideration they deserved when making one of the most serious decisions a country can make .
Senator Levin , unlike the pathological liars at Hot Air actually checked back with the Inspector General to confirm his understanding of the original report from two years ago .
The Right does understand that it was not Senator Levin ’s personal report , but the Inspector General ’s
In the United States , an Inspector General ( IG ) is a type of investigator charged with examining the actions of a government agency , military organization , or military contractor as a general auditor of their operations to ensure they are operating in compliance with general established policies of the government , to audit the effectiveness of security procedures , or to discover the possibility of misconduct , waste , fraud , theft , or certain types of criminal activity by individuals or groups related to the agency ’s operation , usually involving some misuse of the organization ’s funds or credit .
In the United States , there exist numerous Offices of Inspectors General ( OIGs ) at the federal , state , and local levels .
Federally , there exist 57 different and autonomous OIGs , a significant increase since the statutory creation of the initial 12 OIGs by the IG Act of 1978 .
While all of these OIGs operate separate of one another , their activities in the detection and prevention of fraud , waste , abuse , and mismanagement of government programs and operations of their parent organization , OIGs share information and some coordination through the President ’s Council on Integrity and Efficiency ( PCIE ) and the Executive Council on Integrity and Efficiency ( ECIE ) , as created or amended in 1992 by Executive Order 12805
In other words contrary to the impression that Hot Air , Captain Ed and other rabid righty blogs have tried to create , about this story the IG is an independent government body .
Senator Levin ’s clarification of the facts with the IG show that Feith did indeed manipulate intelligence ,
In response to some of my specific questions , the Inspector General confirms today that : * The Feith office produced “ its own intelligence analysis of the relationship between Iraq and al Qaeda ” and presented “ its analysis to other offices in the Executive Branch ( including the Secretary of Defense and the staffs of the National Security Council and the Office of the Vice President ) ” ; * The “ intelligence analysis produced by the Feith office differ[ed ] from the Intelligence Community analysis on the relationship between Iraq and al Qaeda ” ; * The Feith office presented “ a briefing on the Iraq -al Qaeda relationship to the White House in September 2002 unbeknownst to the Director of Central Intelligence , containing information that was different from the briefing presented to the DCI , not vetted by the Intelligence Community , and that was not supported by the available intelligence ( for example , concerning the alleged Atta meeting ) , without providing the IC notice of the briefing or an opportunity to comment ” ; and *
The briefing drew “ conclusions ( or ‘ findings ’ ) that were not supported by the available intelligence , such as the conclusion ‘ intelligence indicates cooperation in all categories ; mature symbiotic relationship ’ , or that there were ‘ multiple areas of cooperation , ’ and ‘ shared interest and pursuit of WMD ’ and ‘ some indications of possible Iraqi coordination with al Qaida specifically related to 9/11 ’. ”
The Inspector General found that these “ inappropriate ” activities of the Feith office were authorized by the Secretary of Defense or the Deputy Secretary of Defense .
These findings of the Inspector General reinforce the conclusion that I reached in my report more than two years ago : the office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy generated its own intelligence analysis , inconsistent with the views of the Intelligence Community , in order to support the policy goals of the Administration .
Two recently confirmed senior Administration officials have publicly expressed their own concerns about these activities .
On May 18 , 2006 , General Michael Hayden – now the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency – testified at his nomination hearing that he was not comfortable with the Feith office ’s approach to intelligence analysis .
Similarly , on December 5 , 2006 , Robert Gates – now the Secretary of Defense – testified at his nomination hearing that he understands that the Feith office was producing its own intelligence analysis and “ I have a problem with that . ”
The Inspector General found it unnecessary to make any recommendations in his report , because changed relationships between the Department of Defense and the Intelligence Community “ significantly reduce the opportunity for the inappropriate conduct of intelligence activities outside of intelligence channels ” in the future .
Unfortunately , the damage has already been done .
Senior Administration officials used the twisted intelligence produced by the Feith office in making the case for the Iraq war .
As I concluded in my October 2004 report : “ Misleading or inaccurate statements about the Iraq - al Qaeda relationship made by senior Administration officials were not supported by IC analyses but more closely reflected the Feith policy office views .
These assessments included , among others , allegations by the President that Iraq was an “ ally ” of al Qaeda ; assertions by National Security Advisor Rice and others that Iraq “ had ” provided training in WMD to al Qaeda ; and continued representations by Vice President Cheney that Mohammed Atta may have met with an Iraq intelligence officer before the 9/11 attacks when the CIA did n’t believe the meeting took place . ”
In November 2003 , the top secret report of the Feith office was leaked to the Weekly Standard .
Shortly thereafter , Vice President Cheney said publicly that the article in the Weekly Standard was the “ best source ” of information about the relationship between Iraq and al Qaeda .
The bottom line is that intelligence relating to the Iraq -al Qaeda relationship was manipulated by high ranking officials in the Department of Defense to support the Administration ’s decision to invade Iraq when the intelligence assessments of the professional analysts of the Intelligence Community did not provide the desired compelling case .
The Inspector General ’s report is a devastating condemnation of inappropriate activities in the DOD policy office that helped take this nation to war .
The ever bizarre conservative blog Powerline in a story by Assrocket apparently phoned their post in between nap times , February 09 , 2007 , The Evolution of a News Story , Posted by John at 04:49 PM
We are living in a topsy - turvy world in which 1 ) it is acknowledged that the CIA ’s performance in the months leading up the Iraq War was dreadful , but 2 ) it is also claimed that disagreeing with the CIA ’s assessments was somehow “ improper . ”
Well , it could be worse .
Senator Levin would have welcomed the conclusion that it is illegal to disagree with the CIA , no matter how wrong that agency might be .
John made it through law school without reading comprehension skills and being too lazy to do his research .
So much for meritocracy .
Flopping
Aces fell on his little plastic sword over the whole Jamal Hussein right - wing fiasco and now has posted a blatant lie about the IG report , DoD Inspector General Report Destroys Claims of Pentagon Intel Manipulation , Posted by Scott Malensek on February 9 , 2007 at 9:25 AM
Several bi-partisan , independent , and even international investigations were conducted to see if the Bush Administration had lied to take the nation to war , and none of those investigations found evidence of that .
As political cover evaporated , many of these politicians tried to say that the Department of Defense ’ Office of Special Plans had tricked these intelligence committee veterans .
They lied .
November 6 , 2005 , Report Warned Bush Team About Intelligence Suspicions
WASHINGTON , Nov. 5 – A high Qaeda official in American custody was identified as a likely fabricator months before the Bush administration began to use his statements as the foundation for its claims that Iraq trained Al Qaeda members to use biological and chemical weapons , according to newly declassified portions of a Defense Intelligence Agency document .
The document , an intelligence report from February 2002 , said it was probable that the prisoner , Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi , “ was intentionally misleading the debriefers ” in making claims about Iraqi support for Al Qaeda ’s work with illicit weapons .
The document provides the earliest and strongest indication of doubts voiced by American intelligence agencies about Mr. Libi ’s credibility .
Without mentioning him by name , President Bush , Vice President Dick Cheney , Colin L. Powell , then secretary of state , and other administration officials repeatedly cited Mr. Libi ’s information as “ credible ” evidence that Iraq was training Al Qaeda members in the use of explosives and illicit weapons .
Bush in fact rejected the findings of inspectors that went into Iraq before the invasion , Ex - Iraq inspector : Prewar intelligence failure ‘ disturbing ’
During the debate over whether to invade Iraq , the Bush administration argued repeatedly that Iraq was violating U.N. resolutions requiring its disarmament after the 1991 Persian Gulf War .
The administration also dismissed findings of U.N. weapons inspectors , who returned shortly before the war and reported finding no banned weapons .
To date other then a few old chemical shells that have been around since the eighties and deteriorated to the point of being useless as real weapons the inspectors were correct and Bush was , as all the evidence suggests determined to invade Iraq whether Iraq posed a national security threat or not .
Secrets , Evasions and Classified Reports
In fact , a declassified version of the NIE was publicly released just 10 days later , and it showed almost precisely the opposite .
The NIE , it turned out , contained caveats and qualifiers that had never been publicly acknowledged by the administration prior to the invasion of Iraq .
It also included key dissents by State Department intelligence analysts , Energy Department scientists and Air Force technical experts about some important aspects of the administration ’s case .
The assertion that still - secret material would bolster the administration ’s claims about Iraqi WMD was “ certainly not accurate , it was not true , ” says Jessica Mathews , president of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , who coauthored a study last year , titled “ A Tale of Two Intelligence Estimates , ” about different versions of the NIE that were released .
If Miller ’s account is correct , Libby was “ misrepresenting the intelligence ” that was contained in the document , she said .
“ I do n’t like manipulation , compromise , or interventionistic winemaking – unless something goes wrong . ”
Robert M. Parker , Jr.
Now that you are vacating a house that you have leased for a while , it is good not only to think about where you are going but how you leave it .
One of the most critical things to do is to ensure that the house is cleaned correctly .
End of lease cleaning is necessary so that you can leave the property in good condition .
It can be a lot of work since you need to ensure that the job is done thoroughly and leave no dirt .
It is always good to work with professional cleaners to ensure that you get perfect results for the work that you do .
Here are the significant advantages you get by hiring a professional company for your end of lease cleaning .
Quality work
The most significant benefit you will get is that the professional cleaners have the right skills and knowledge on how the job is done , so you can expect to get high - quality services .
The cleaners know the proper techniques and technology to apply to ensure that your building is left clean .
They know the areas that most people ignore , but ought to be cleaned well .
So , with the professionals , you can be sure to get a highly satisfactory end of lease cleaning work .
They perform high - quality work that will ensure that you will get the entire bond return since there will be no complaints from your landlord .
Make your moving out easy
As you relocate , there are a lot of things you must do .
It is a hectic process that requires a lot of time and preparations .
When you work with the professional cleaners , you will make the processes easier since they will take full responsibility for the cleaning work .
They will save you the hassles involved in doing the cleaning by yourself .
Thus , you will find it easier to move out .
They also help you save the time you would spend trying to do the cleaning by yourself .
Save money
It might seem to be expensive to hire a company to do the cleaning , but in the long end , you will find that you save a lot of money in the process .
If you decide to clean the house by yourself , you will find that you will spend more because you will have to buy all the cleaning agents and equipment .
They are costly , and they might not be of much value to you since you might not need to use them frequently .
When you hire the professionals , they take full responsibility for the work and come well equipped with everything required for the work .
This saves you the cost of having to spend on anything except the fees they charge you .
Help maintain the right cleaning standards
It is good to make sure that the end of lease cleaning is done up to the right standards .
The only way you can be sure that this will be done is by working with the professional who understands how everything should be done .
They apply the most effective cleaning process that guarantees high - quality Like Cleaning ’s end of lease cleaning .
Bizarre Netz - Karriere Tokio Hotel verblasst im Sonnenlischt
Schnappi ? Tokio Hotel ?
Olle Kamellen !
Der neueste
Hype gilt drei mehr oder weniger sangesbegabten Jungs aus der Provinz und ihrem " Sonnenlischt " .
Eine Geschichte über die seltsame Macht der Ironie - und die des Netzes .
These screenshots and animations are simply intended to give a feel for what visualization and navigation in Walrus are like .
The data shown are not necessarily meaningful in themselves .
Ein Staranwalt als " Raubkopierer " ?
Peter Mühlbauer
Woher hatte Michael Witti die CD für seine Klage gegen den Borat - Film ?
Am 19 .
November 2006 brachte Staranwalt Michael Witti eine CD - Kopie des Films Borat ( vgl .
" Is’sich komisches Film aus Kasachstan in Kino ab heute ! " ) in das rumänische Dorf Glod .
Anschließend leitete Witti , der im Zusammenhang mit dem Entschädigungsfonds für ehemalige NS - Zwangsarbeiter bekannt wurde , zusammen mit seinem amerikanischen Kollegen Ed Fagan im Namen zweier Laiendarsteller eine Klage gegen die 20th Century Fox und weitere 15 Produktionsfirmen , Produzenten und Drehbuchautoren ein , weil einige der Dorfbewohner in der Satire nicht nur als Kasachen , sondern auch als " Abtreibungsgynäkologe " und " Dorfvergewaltiger " vorgestellt werden .
Auch in den USA klagen zwei Verbindungsstudenten , ein Fahrlehrer , ein Autohändler und die Besitzer einer Pension , die sich getäuscht und unvorteilhaft dargestellt fühlen , gegen die Filmfirma 20th Century Fox und gegen den Borat - Darsteller Sacha Baron Cohen .
Witti und Fagan wollen für die von ihnen vertretenen Dorfbewohner 30 Millionen Dollar erstreiten .
Da der Film noch nicht auf DVD erschienen ist , fragt sich , wo Michael Witti diese CD herbekommen hat .
Hat ihm etwa 20th Century Fox eine Kopie zur Verfügung gestellt , damit er die Klage gegen sie leichter einleiten kann ?
Ein Szenario , das eher weniger wahrscheinlich ist .
Oder hat Witti eine von der Filmfirma an einen Dritten ausgehändigte Vorabfassung weitergereicht bekommen ?
20th Century
Fox lässt ihre Pressesprecherin Cornelia Peschke zur Frage , ob und an wen solche Fassungen verteilt wurden , nur mitteilen , dass sie " hierzu derzeit keine Auskunft geben " .
Geht man von der Definition der Bundesjustizministerin für illegale Kopien nach der letzten Urheberrechtsänderung aus , so muss Michael Witti bangen , dass Brigitte Zypries keine Zeitung liest .
Denn auch wenn er über einen Mittelsmann eine direkt von
Fox hergestellte CD erworben hat , so müsste sie ihm nach der 2003 eingeführten Verbotsregelung als von einer " offensichtlich rechtswidrig hergestellten Vorlage " gezogene Kopie gelten .
Denn die Justizministerin nannte bei jeder sich bietenden Gelegenheit öffentlich den noch nicht auf DVD erschienenen Kinofilm als Paradebeispiel solch einer illegalen Kopie : Wenn wenige Tage nach dem Kinostart ein aktueller Kinofilm angeboten würde , so Zypries , dann müsse jedem klar sein , dass es sich hierbei um ein " illegales Angebot " handele , antwortete sie beispielsweise dem Cosmoblog mit einem Textbaustein .
Der Borat - Film kam am 2 . November in Deutschland in die Kinos , in den USA sogar einen Tag später .
Eine Veröffentlichung auf DVD ist noch nicht in Sicht .
Wenn eine CD als aus einer " offensichtlich rechtswidrig hergestellten Vorlage " hergestellt gilt , so ist das nach § 53 Abs. 1 in Verbindung mit § 106 Abs. 1 des neuen Urheberrechts strafbar .
Im Gegensatz zu dem , was Borat mit den Dorfbewohnern gemacht hat – hier sind nach deutschem Recht lediglich Ansprüche auf Unterlassung , Schmerzensgeld oder Schadensersatz möglich .
Pech für Witti – oder hat er eventuell das Risiko einer Anklage und angedrohte drei Jahre Gefängnis bewusst auf sich genommen ?
Das ist eher wenig wahrscheinlich .
Wahrscheinlicher ist , das hier ein Beispiel für die Unsicherheit und das mittlerweile evident gewordene extreme Auseinanderklaffen von geschriebenem Recht und Alltags - Rechtsbewusstsein im Bereich Urheberrecht vorliegt .
Persönlichkeitsrechte sind durch die derzeitige Rechtslage weit schwächer geschützt als etwas , das von den meisten Menschen gar nicht als Rechtsverletzung empfunden wird .
Beim Film Borat lässt sich argumentieren , dass die Bewohner nicht als die , die sie sind , diffamiert werden , sondern dass ihr Elend nur als Dekoration für eine Satire dient .
Nicht sie selbst werden gezeigt , sondern angeblich kasachische Kunstfiguren , die es nicht gibt .
Im deutschen Fernsehalltag dagegen werden ungestraft sozial Schwache in ihren Wohnungen mit Kamerateams belästigt und bloßgestellt , ohne dass die Sender eine Klage fürchten müssten - weil den Betroffenen dafür nicht nur die Rechtskenntnisse , sondern auch die Mittel fehlen .
( Peter Mühlbauer )
When it comes to privacy rights , Canada ranks among the top defenders while Britain is considered one of the worstprotectors , according to a new survey .
Privacy International , a watchdog group that studies government and businesssurveillance and privacy practices , rated 36 countries , including 25 EU member states , on 13 national practices .
Thepractices included statutory and constitutional protections , the use of ID cards and closed circuit TV cameras .
The countrieswere given a rankingfrom one to five — five points denoting no invasive policies , and one point for extensive surveillance .
Germany ( 3.9 ) was ranked the highest , followed by Canada ( 3.6 ) .
They were the only two listed in the category of " significant protections and safeguards . "
The two countrieswere followed by Belgium and Austria ( 3.2 ) , and Hungary ( 3.1 ) .
Britainranked alongside Russia and China as countries demonstrating " endemic surveillance " of its citizens .
China and Malaysia ( 1.3 ) ranked at the bottom , followed by Singapore and Russia ( 1.4 ) , and the U.K. ( 1.5 ) .
The U.S. scored a 2 , putting it in the " extensive surveillance society " category .
In terms of statutory protections and privacy enforcement , the U.S. was ranked the worst in the democratic world .
' Waking up to surveillance society '
" This is damning evidence that privacy is being destroyed by the very nations that proclaim to respect our rights , " Simon Davies , director of Privacy International , said in a statement .
The survey comes as Britain 's information commissioner warns his country has become a surveillance society .
" Two years ago I questioned , ' Are we sleepwalking into a surveillance society , ' " said Richard Thomas .
" Now I have to say we 're waking up to a surveillance society . "
The primary source of that information is closed circuit television cameras , the CBC's Harry Forestell reported .
The streets of British cities , towns and villages are monitored by 4.2 million closed circuit cameras — one for every 14 people .
Every person , on average , is viewed by 300 cameras a day .
Police use facial and licence plate recognition technology to track anyone who looks suspicious .
British police are also allowed to demand DNA samples from anyone they detain , even if they have n't been formally arrested or charged with a crime .
Authorities hold more than 3.5 million sub- samples — the largestDNA databank in the world .
However , much of the information can be used for good , Forestell said .
Video cameras have dramatically increased conviction rates for some crimes and DNA evidence has helped police solve a backlog of crimes .
Challenging Nature is the title of my new column here on Scientific Blogging as well as the title of my new book .
Since the idea of challenging nature may seem heretical to some , I will provide a brief explanation here of both the rationale for my argument and the opposition it faces .
The word " nature " and its cognate " natural " are typically imagined as metaphors for what is good and right in the world -- natural things are God 's creations , not to be tampered with unduly by humankind .
In opposition stand the unnatural , artificial , and synthetic -- the imagined profane creations of human intellect that despoil the world .
Advertisers are well aware of the subliminal effects that these potent words have on people .
Food items , in particular , are routinely promoted as " all - natural , " and " without any artificial flavors , colors , or preservatives . "
What is so remarkable is how disconnected this world - view is from reality .
In the fall of 2006 , 204 Americans became seriously ill after eating freshly packaged spinach contaminated with a toxic bacteria found " naturally " in cow and pig manure .
Ironically , the company that grew the tainted spinach was named " Natural Selection Foods . "
Thousands of other Americans are striken every year in smaller outbreaks of fresh produce contamination .
Meanwhile , every year , additional thousands suffer severe allergic reactions to certain foods including soy , peanuts , and shrimp , and more than a hundred , mostly young , children are killed .
As I will detail in an upcoming post ( Click here to see the article now ) , molecular biologists have already exploited the process of RNA interference to create a variety of soy that is 65 % less allergenic than " natural " soy .
Unfortunately , the public - at - large ( and organic food advocates ) are so afraid of the " unnaturalness " of genetically modified organisms that research toward a commercially viable product is greatly hindered .
The organic food industry has grown by leaps and bounds in recent years because consumers equate organic with " natural , " and " natural " with healthy and safe .
But organic food is just as likely ( if not more so ) to be tained by pathogenic bacteria , and and organic peanuts and soy are just as likely to cause allergic reactions that lead to death .
The main selling point of organics is that they are grown without " synthetic " pesticides , unlike conventionally farmed food .
( Actually , a little publicized fact -- organic farmers are allowed to use some toxic chemical pesticides . )
But , the total number of negative health consequences to American consumers from synthetic pesticides and " artificial flavors , colors , or preservatives " is -- by all estimates -- zero .
As the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences explains ,
while pesticides may be found in many products , the levels at which they are present fall far below the levels known to not cause any health effects .
The fact that they are found at all is only due to the significant advances in analytical chemistry .
The tests are now so sensitive that the detection level that can be easily reached is equivalent to detecting one teaspoon of salt in one million gallons of water .
Levels even lower than that can sometimes be detected .
Certainly , humankind has done much to harm the biosphere at - large .
Over the last 10,000 years , we wiped out 38 % of land - based ecosystems and replaced them with farms .
The original Australian settlers wiped out numerous marsupial species ( that had been around for eons ) when they arrived , and it 's very likely that early Americans did the same to the mammoths , sabertooth tigers , giant sloths and most of the other large animal species that used to be in North America .
Throughout history , we have polluted many areas of the earth , on land and in the waters .
And today , humanity seems to be greatly influcencing the global climate .
So what should we do ?
Many people think that if we just " let nature be " to the greatest extent possible , everything will work out for the better .
But nature does n't give a damn about any individual , any species , or even any ecosystem -- they all go extinct eventually .
The vast Sahara desert was a luxuriant forest with large animals and sophisticated human civilizations until just 8,000 years ago .
Then " natural " changes in the earth 's orbit plunged it into an arid abyss in less than a century and a half .
" Natural " cycles also caused all of Canada to be covered in glaciers numerous times in the past .
Unlike " nature , " humanity does seem to care about the future of both human and non-human systems of life on earth .
And we will soon have the technological ability to guide whole - earth systems in a manner that could maximize the health of the biosphere .
Why let Mother Nature throw the dice when we can place them on the table with the most desired number .
Not every placement will be a win .
Indeed , losses are a certainty .
But they will be far fewer in number compared to those imposed by randomness , or a faith in transcendent non-randomness .
In further posts , I will elaborate on these ideas .
The leading DRM digital download service , Apple 's iTunes , has experienced a collapse in sales revenues this year according to analyst company Forrester Research .
Secretive Apple does n't break out revenues from iTunes , but Forrester conducted an analysis of credit card transactions over a 27 - month period .
And this year 's numbers are n't good .
While the iTunes service saw healthy growth for much of the period , since January the monthly revenue has fallen by 65 per cent , with the average transaction size falling 17 per cent .
The previous spring 's rebound was n't repeated this year .
And it is n't just Apple 's problem .
Nielsen Soundscan has grimmer news for prospective digital download services , indicating three consecutive quarters of flat or declining revenues for the sector as a whole .
Speaking to The Register , Forrester analyst Josh Bernoff warned against extrapolating too much from the figures .
It may reflect a seasonal bounce that has n't yet manifested itself .
However , it might not .
" There 's no indication of enormous growth coming , " he told us .
" When you look at this alongside the SoundScan numbers , you may ask ' Where 's the part were we 're supposed to get excited ? '. "
The ominous trend comes despite healthy growth for digital music players - iPod sales quadrupled in the period monitored by Forrester - and Apple 's growing inventory - the company has added videos and movies to its established inventory of music downloads and audiobooks .
Three times a year
Forrester revealed some fascinating details about iTunes purchasing habits .
Some 3.2 per cent of online households ( around 60 per cent of the wider population ) bought at least one download , and these dabblers made on average 5.6 transactions , with the median household making just three a year .
The median transaction was slightly under $ 3 .
No one in music gets rich from a stampede of interest like this .
( The figures do n't include gifts redeemed via the iTunes Store .
While Apple can argue this does not reflect the volume of transactions taking place , it gives a more accurate picture of what customers are actually prepared to pay for . )
Bernoff makes a fascinating comparison between the public 's appetite for buying CDs over the internet , and its lack of appetite for DRM songs .
Online individuals ( rather than households ) bought 1.7 CDs over the internet per quarter .
" The comparatively modest iTunes numbers suggest that consumers are still spending the bulk of their music budget $ 14 - at - a - time on shiny discs , " he writes .
" iTunes sales are not cutting into CD sales , " he elaborated to us , " they 're an incremental purchase at best .
" There 's a problem here .
CD sales have fallen 20 per cent over five years .
The message here is not that CD sales are coming back , the ability to obtain pirated music is now so widespread the DRM looks to consumers more like a problem than a benefit . "
President Bush likes to say he will stay the course in Iraq .
The question is : What course ?
Is it the course that has so far cost some 2,700 American lives , 100 Iraqi lives a day , and an estimated expenditure of $ 300 billion so far ?
Is it the course , which , according to a leaked consensus estimate of the US intelligence community , has made Iraq a primary recruitment vehicle for the next generation of violent extremists and weakened the global fight against terrorism ?
The president has said that Iraq is the central battleground in the war against terrorism .
But the intelligence agencies suggest that if this is so , it is only because the war has made it so .
Intelligence czar John Negroponte puts it delicately when he says that there have been some notable successes , but that there is still much to be done in the war against terrorism .
But the intelligence estimate seems to agree with Osama bin Laden , who said on a videotape released last January that the number of fighters was increasing and Iraq had become " a point of attraction and recruitment . "
In New York last week , Iraqi President Jalal Talabani told Newsweek that Mr. Bush assured him that he would continue to support the Iraqi people and remain in Iraq until the Iraqis ask him to leave .
In public , Bush stands his ground adamantly .
But in private , we learn from The Washington Post , he is sometimes given to tears when he meets with a war widow .
In one case , a woman met in private with the president and broke into tears as she talked of her two fatherless children .
Bush kept repeating , " I am so sorry for your loss . "
At one point his eyes welled up .
But when she pleaded with him to bring the troops home , he said only , " We see things differently . "
As of now , he is staying the course .
• Daniel Schorr is a senior news analyst at National Public Radio .
The micromachined chain mail fabric is made of links and rings , which can slide against each other to create a flexible fabric .
Credit : Engel , et al .
Contemporaries of the ancient Greeks might find something familiar within the walls of the Micro and Nanotechnology Lab at the University of Illinois .
In constructing a new type of smart fabric , researchers Jonathan Engel and Chang Liu have used interconnecting rings and links to create a textile looking a bit like the chain mail used by warriors dating back 2,000 - plus years .
“ It ’s somewhat of a crazy idea , I guess , ” Liu told PhysOrg.com .
“ We were interested in using microtechnology to build something that could flex and bend .
The chain mail construction is nothing fancy , but it ’s an interesting structure that has n’t been used much recently . ”
Chain mail fabric draped over a one - inch metal ball .
Credit : Engle , et al .
As a flexible MEMS ( Microelectromechanical Systems ) device , the new fabric represents a milestone in the development of smart textiles .
A type of smart device , smart textiles will likely be incorporated into wearable computers — shirts that can detect vital signs , locate bullet wounds , or provide an information network for soldiers on a dispersed battleground , according to recent research ( Georgia Tech ) .
Generally , most work on smart fabrics involves integrating the electronic elements into conventional fabrics .
Engel and Liu ’s integrated circuit , however , is the fabric — a continuous , flexible and stretchable metallic cloth with unique electrical and mechanical properties .
One of the interesting physical characteristics of the micro chain mail is its ability to bend along two axes , allowing the fabric to drape over curved surfaces , wrinkle - free .
This ability comes from the geometric network of rings connected by links — each piece of about half a millimeter in length — which can slide and rotate against each other .
As the links are pulled taut , the researchers found that the fabric ’s length could expand by 32 % , with its width decreasing by 56 % .
“ The flexible fabric can conform to curved surfaces , and be used on objects that move , ” explained Liu .
“ Because of the nature of the fabric , electronics can be easily integrated into the technology .
In the future , for example , this type of clothing could shield electromagnetic waves for construction workers . ”
Regarding the electronic properties , Engel and Liu found that the displacement of the copper fabric caused variations in its electrical conduction properties , which would enable using the fabric as an electrical device .
When the links were fully stretched , making solid electrical contact , the researchers observed a decrease in electrical resistance of nearly seven orders of magnitude .
The scientists also investigated the fabric ’s mechanical tensile strength , finding a value of less than half that of the ultimate strength of copper .
By inspecting how the fabric broke — failure occurred mostly in the rings rather than the links — the researchers predict that a complex loading occurs in the fabric , different from that in normal copper .
To fabricate this first batch , Engel and Liu used a multilayer microelectroplating process , depositing thin layers of aluminum , copper and photoresist on a substrate to form a mold , which was then filled with copper .
In the end , the sacrificial mold layers were “ washed out ” by soaking in chemicals , leaving the links or rings behind .
While this fabrication occurred on a small scale , the researchers suggest that large - scale manufacturing of the fabric is quite realistic for the future .
Further , besides using metal materials , other materials may offer advantages for different applications .
For example , a silicon chain mail fabric could generate electricity using solar cells , or detect motion or strain .
Polymer elastomers could have an advantage in sensing chemicals , strain or pressure .
“ This is just one of the first steps in wearable electronics technology , ” said Liu .
“ The long - term interest is to make computer gear blend in to everyday clothing so that it does n’t feel intrusive .
This is a barrier for people for wearing , for example , solar cells or sensors on their clothing , but it can be overcome by a robust fabric that moves with you . ”
Citation : Engel , Jonathan , and Liu , Chang .
“ Creation of a metallic micromachined chain mail fabric . ” J. Micromech .
Microeng . 17 ( 2007 ) 551-556 .
By Lisa Zyga , Copyright 2007 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Build prototypes , learn new skills , explore madcap ideas , and get advice and encouragement — the Edgerton Center is the place where mind and hand come together .
Recently two notable design advocates , Don Norman and Joel Spolsky , challenged the value of simplicity in design , and I ’m here to offer a late defense .
Confusion
It ’s easy to confuse success with quality , and both articles discount our secret inability to make satisfying choices .
We are attracted to things with more features , that cost less , or come in larger quantities , despite our inner suspicions that we ’re likely to complain about those purchases soon after .
We date people , eat food , take jobs and buy products for superficial , misguided reasons all the time .
We ’re easily seduced , and every marketer knows we always have been and always will be .
But we should n’t confuse the success of feature - laden crap as a signal for the irrelevance of simplicity any more than the success of Rocky IV and Burger King signaled the irrelevance of good film - making or fine dining .
It just means there are gaps between what we need , what we want , and why we buy , and that the masses are by definition less discriminating than the niches of people with refined tastes for a particular thing .
Joel points out that the i-pod ’s success involves factors other than simplicity – but this is true for all products and all things , including failures , successes , complex and simple things .
This is n’t an argument in support or against simplicity ’s value : it ’s just a sound statement of fact – many factors irrelevant to product quality impact success .
Counter - evidence
There are many things in the world that sell well on simplicity : they ’re just rarely market leaders .
You can find a quality brand that tends to simpler solutions in every market , and at various price points : Bang & Olfsen or Bose , IKEA or Crate & Barrel .
These are not the revenue generators Panasonic or WalMart are , but there you go .
They exist as viable businesses based on ( the attempt at ) simplicity .
Musicians like Jack Johnson and The White stripes make straightforward , “ here i am with my instruments ” music , and have done well by avoiding the trappings of over production .
They ’re not top 20 stars like Brittany Spears or Justin Timberlake , but they deliberately chose not to be .
And then there ’s food : what could be simpler than the experience of fast food ?
McDonalds and Taco Bell even make meal deals : a single number uttered from the comfort of your car , and a swipe of a credit card , brings warm food in minutes .
We are convenience junkies and literally die for simplicity , as the thousands of people who find putting on seatbelts or going to the gym too complex or inconvenient to save their own lives .
We all desperately want simplicity .
But we ’re so well trained to consume that we impulsively expect to buy our way there .
We believe to the point of faith that we ’ll be complete , or have a simple life , if only we buy the right combination of products .
The trap of visible features
The real trap that consumers are in is that we want proof for what we ’re paying for , and engineers and marketers know it .
They sell ease of use and simplicity on the back of every box and in every ad : but they also sell it in the products themselves , trying to show ease of use in added buttons , options and the superficials of quality .
Great features do not require user interfaces .
If the engineers are thoughtful , they can add code that eliminates the need for UI , instead of adding to it .
This is much harder and requires smaller egos , but a great v3 needs less UI than v2 : eliminating setup , configuration , simplifying designs , automating things successfully so that users do n’t even need to know of them ( not just automating my interaction with things ) .
This is much harder and requires real innovation , but is too selfless and long term a philosophy for most to swallow .
Instead designers and engineers are all too happy to stroke their egos by fighting for their little do - dad , the little button , the in - product advertised feature name , Auto - this , Intellii - that , a signifier to the world for what they worked on all year .
And they ’re encouraged to do so by marketers and sales , as those visible things make the release easier to sell .
But it ’s a suckers game and after we buy these things we know it and the the designers know it too .
They know it when they hold a Zippo lighter or write in a Moleskine , well crafted things they desperately fetishize : they know they ’ll never make something with that much design integrity in their entire lives .
Connoisseurs of anything discern between trash and class .
They know that understatement is class ’s hallmark : it ’s a product , person or design that knows it has substance , and does not need to go far out of its way to prove itself : its core is good .
This is part of what drives the lust for Apple ’s aesthetics .
The trash , the wanna - be , the knock - off has to parade distractions , buttons , gadgets , and modes to compensate for its lack of core design integrity .
But who has the time to become a connoisseur before making a purchase ?
How much cash is the average person willing to spend for quality for something they do n’t know much about ?
Not most of us , not most of the time .
Which explains why mass market leaders are often simplicity demons : they betray the idea of good design by relentlessly abusing our ease of seduction and shoving the pretenses of good design , the magic tricks not the substance , in our smiling faces .
Until we ’ve been burned by a kind of product , or have never seen the real thing , we do n’t think we need to look carefully at the alternatives .
Stupid word semantics
Both articles use the words simple and complex in various ways .
If it takes me 30 hours of preparation to make you a cupcake , is that complex or simple ?
The process of creation might be complex , but the result can still be simple , and vice - versa .
The semantics get messy fast .
The way out is experience : if the consumer wants to experience something complex , say a jigsaw puzzle , then the ideal design is a puzzle that provides that experience in the simplest way possible .
Any challenge that would n’t interest me , say fighting my way through bullet proof plastic wrapping , has been eliminated or reduced .
As Mark Hurst points out , complexity is often desirable if it ’s the experience customers desire .
Ask a software developer or an airline pilot if they want complex levels of control : of course they do .
But they do n’t want complexity that annoys , or that distracts them from the experience they want .
Simple design does n’t mean brain death : it means being being as simple as necessary to achieve a great experience for a group of people , but no simpler .
— — — ———-
If this missive was n’t simple enough for you , LukeW has a nice summary of all the recent simplicity blogging .
By Molly Bentley
Pasadena
The Keck images have been turned into a 3D colour model
More details
Last month , the asteroid was re-classified as a dwarf planet by the International Astronomical Union ( IAU ) , and now new images of its surface reveal a surprisingly diverse surface terrain , scientists say .
" We thought Ceres had a flat surface , " said Benoit Carry , from the Observatoire Paris - Meudon , " but our images show that it is rich in surface features . "
Carry 's team has produced 360 infrared images of Ceres while observing it in rotation at the Keck observatory in Mauna Kea .
We think Ceres still contains pristine water from when the Solar System was formed
Christophe Dumas , Eso
The subdued black and white images , which map 80 % of the dwarf planet , suggest a textured surface , but not its physical properties .
Dark and bright spots in the images might be crater impacts , mineral deposits or the effects of space weathering , said Mr Carry .
3D model
The images are the first of an asteroid / dwarf planet using infrared and advanced adaptive optics , a technique that uses deformable mirrors on a telescope to correct the blurring caused by turbulence in Earth 's atmosphere .
The Keck telescope studied Ceres as it rotated
More details
Adaptive optics corrects for the distortion in real time .
The success of the combined technique on Ceres recommends its use on other relatively small objects , such as the large asteroid Vesta , said Dr Dumas .
The infrared images were also used to create the first colourful 3D model of Ceres .
The blue in the 3D model corresponds to the dark patches in the infrared , the yellow to the bright .
The blackout at the edges is due to insufficient data at the poles .
The ground - based infrared images are not as sharp as those captured in the visible wavelength by the Hubble Space Telescope in 2002 - 2003 , but , when compared , the two sets provide a " perfect match " of surface features , said Dr Dumas .
Making the grade
The Keck results also support Ceres ' suspected oblate shape , which scientists say could be the result of as much as 25 % water ice in its mantle .
If so , the amount may be greater than all the fresh water on Earth .
HUBBLE'S VIEW OF CERES Ceres was classed as a " planet " when it was first identified Other discoveries eventually led to a demotion to asteroid Its mean diameter is 950 km , bulging slightly at the equator Orbits beyond Mars more than 400 m km from the Sun Nasa 's Dawn spacecraft set to visit Ceres in 2015
Nasa reinstates Dawn mission
If there was water in the interior , it might be migrating to the surface through natural channels , he said , collecting minerals along with it , and perhaps contributing to the mottled pattern in the Keck images .
The next step is to use spectral analysis to decode the chemical composition of the surface , he said .
Whatever its composition , Ceres never accumulated enough of it to make planetary grade , by today 's standards .
It missed being a planet " by that much , " said Mr Carry .
But that was n't always the case .
Once the largest main - belt asteroid , now the smallest recognised dwarf planet , Ceres was originally classified as a planet when Sicilian astronomer Father Giuseppe Piazzi discovered it in 1801 .
The US space agency is preparing a spacecraft known as Dawn .
It is set for launch next year and will use an ion engine to visit the asteroid Vesta in 2011 , and Ceres in 2015 .
It 's Undeniable Friday !
Every Friday , in addition to an odd little factoid , UndeniableFacts.com gives you a fun puzzle , illusion , or activity to enjoy and share .
Today : The Teleporting Cat Trick
This is a truly astounding illusion which you can use to bewilder your friends .
To be honest , you can use any small animal or object for the trick , but I think a cat gives it an air of mystique .
The video below shows the illusion performed by my cat Benjamin Franklin .
( I was reluctant to name him after such a scoundrel , but I already had Crenshaw and Spartacus , and I had to complete the set ) .
This trick uses a technique first used by the ninjas of Japan , over a thousand years ago .
The idea behind the trick is simply a matter of bending light around the cat .
To achieve this you will need two concave mirrors , a convex mirror , and a normal mirror .
The diagram below shows exactly what kind of mirrors you need , and how to position them .
Because I like to keep it scientific , I used plain wooden " teleportation gates " , but you may want to decorate your setup to look more elaborate and " technological " .
A word of warning however : do n't place any light sources too close to the mirror arrangement .
Doing so may cause light echoes , whichbe dangerous .
After setting the mirrors up as in the diagram , get your cat to walk through it .
The cat will " disappear " for a moment , as if it were teleporting from one side to the other .
Pretty neat !
Labels : cat , teleport , undeniable friday
Clive Collins was opening his car boot in a car park in Boscombe , Dorset , when the manhole cover tipped , and he slipped down the 5ft ( 1.5 m ) hole .
He said : " Probably about 15 , 20 people walked by .
The more I called out , the less they seemed to notice me . "
Despite suffering broken ribs he managed to get his mobile phone out of his pocket and call 999 himself .
I said ' can you please call me an ambulance ' and she refused to acknowledge the fact that I was there
Clive Collins
Mr Collins told the BBC : " What surprised me is that they did n't make eye contact .
" A woman actually parked along side my camper and put the hood up on her car .
" I said ' can you please call me an ambulance ' and she refused to acknowledge the fact that I was there . "
Mr Collins said one shopper did acknowledge him but did nothing to help .
" One chap looked straight at me in his car driving very slowly by and I waved .
He waved back and then carried on , " he said .
Mr Collins was taken to Royal Bournemouth Hospital and needed 47 stitches and treatment for two broken ribs , a chipped tooth and a strained groin .
Carly Earnshaw , spokeswoman for Bournemouth Borough Council , said : " A full investigation is being carried out as to how this happened and if any vandalism on the manhole has taken place .
" In the meantime we would like to reassure residents that the site is now secure and that we do have policies in place to maintain our car parks . "
The largest genome scan ever conducted to get to the bottom of autism has pinpointed two locations in the human genetic makeup that may trigger the mysterious mental condition .
The Autism Genome Project , a collaboration of 120 scientists representing 19 countries and 50 institutions , compared the genomes of 1,168 families that each had at least two autism sufferers in them to try to track down the regions .
The consortium reports its findings in this week 's issue of
Autism is a mental disorder characterized by behavioral problems that may include a lack of social and communications skills , such as failure to respond to one 's own name , intense tantrums and general detachment .
In the last decade the diagnosis of autism has increased 10 - fold .
It is now believed to affect one in 166 children born in the U.S. and four boys for every girl .
" Although we know autism is highly inheritable , complex gene interactions and submicroscopic anomalies create a din of statistical noise that drowns out detection of signals from linked sites in the genome , " says study co-author Bernie Devlin , a human geneticist at the University of Pittsburgh .
" To amplify these signals , we brought to bear gene chip technology with a huge sample , and also screened for these fine - level anomalies , factoring them into the analysis . "
Using a DNA microarray , or gene chip , the team was able to scan large stretches of sequence for tiny deletions common within the study families .
They also sought out copy number variations and large - scale insertions or deletions of genetic material .
In the two - fold analysis , the researchers implicated the gene neurexin 1 , located on chromosome 2 , as well as a swath of sequence on chromosome 11 .
Neurexin 1 is part of a three - member family of genes coding for proteins involved in communication between neurons .
It is associated with glutamate , the neurotransmitter known to elevate neuronal activity and play a role in wiring the brain during early development .
Glutamate functioning has been implicated in other syndromes involving mental retardation of which autism is often a symptom , such as fragile X syndrome and tuberous sclerosis .
Neurexin 1 is specifically believed to be involved in building glutamate synapses , the links through which glutamate neurons send and receive electrical signals .
" Often you do n't have any idea of what a gene does , but in this case we know neurexin 1 is involved at sites where the neurotransmitter glutamate is released , " says study coauthor Gerard Schellenberg , a medical researcher at the University of Washington .
" As for the chromosome 11 location , we think there is another susceptibility gene there and we are actively pursuing it .
We are in the neighborhood and have a plan to find it .
The section of chromosome 11 identified in the study has been linked to proteins that ferry glutamate across synapses .
Genetic anomalies , from tiny deletions or substitutions of single bases to large stretches of missing code or even multiple copies of the same code , often crop up in the human genome and , occasionally , can create a disposition to a particular type of disorder .
Among the variations found in the Autism Genome Project subjects was the deletion of the neurexin 1 gene .
Much of the autism research community believes there may be roughly six major genes involved in autism , and maybe 30 others that may confer some risk .
A combination of mutations in any of these genes could contribute to the likelihood of being born with autism .
Because a number of different genetic factors may contribute to this disease , identifying these markers is made very difficult and large sample sizes are needed to get significant results .
" These findings are a piece of the puzzle , " says Geraldine Dawson , director of the University of Washington 's Autism Center .
" As we identify these genes we will be able to screen young children for autism at an early age and begin interventions earlier , which can have a dramatic effect for some children . "
These results are the culmination of phase 1 of the Autism Genome Project , which began in 2002 with the sharing of samples and data from labs around the world .
Phase 2 will follow up on the leads discovered in the first phase .
The $ 14.5 million project will receive funding from various institutions such as the National Institutes of Health and Autism Speaks , an organization dedicated to increasing the awareness of and finding a cure for autism spectrum disorders .
" Autism is a very difficult condition for families — communication is taken for granted by parents of healthy children but is so greatly missed by those with autistic children , " says study co-author , Jonathan Green , a child psychiatrist at the University of Manchester in England .
" We hope that these exciting results may represent a step on the way to further new treatments in the future . "
Mr Miliband says organic food is more of a " lifestyle " choice
The environment secretary said organic food was more of a " lifestyle choice that people can make " .
There is no " conclusive evidence either way " concerning the health effects of pesticides , he told the Sunday Times .
The Soil Association , which regulates organic food , said studies show a difference between organic food and food produced using industrial methods .
I would not want to say that 96 % of our farm produce is inferior because it's not organic
David Miliband
Send us your comments
It was critical of Mr Miliband 's suggestion that food grown with the use of pesticides and other chemicals should not be regarded as inferior .
Mr Miliband : " It 's only 4 % of total farm produce , not 40 % , and I would not want to say that 96 % of our farm produce is inferior because it's not organic . "
He said despite the rise in organic sales being " exciting " for shoppers , they should not think of conventionally - produced food as " second best " .
' Extra payment '
Peter Kendall , president of the National Farmers ' Union , added that he had seen " no evidence " to prove organic food is healthier .
" If there 's a small but growing percentage of consumers who want a different product , then that 's a great opportunity for members , " he said .
" But I have a real problem with conventional methods being demeaned at every opportunity . "
According to the Soil Association , organic food sales in the UK increased by 30 % to £ 1.6bn in 2006 .
Robin Maynard , the association 's campaigns director , said the environment secretary 's comments were " slightly disappointing " .
" It has been shown over the years that there is a difference between food produced organically and that produced using industrial methods .
" It is not just a lifestyle choice in terms of the environment , organic is better for that .
" Mr Miliband 's own government has recognised in the past that organic food can be better for that .
In fact organic farmers get an extra payment due to this . "
Long - term research
However , Mr Maynard admitted there was a lack of studies showing how organic food could be healthier .
He said this stemmed from the difficulties of pinpointing exactly how such food was healthier and because research needed to be carried out over " tens of years " .
The association 's website says organic food does not contain many of the artificial additives used in modern food production , and also have more natural vitamins and minerals .
It also argues organic food is better for wildlife because it does not use pesticides or dangerous sprays .
Pressure from shoppers has boosted the volume of organic UK produce in supermarkets , the association said last year .
Pete Glanville , secretary of the Shetland Organic Producers Group , said organic food is about producing local goods that are chemical free .
" You only have to look at the list of things that goes into creating lots of things to realise just how much we are not putting into our bodies by eating organic . "
" We are not saying the other 96 % which is farmed conventionally is rubbish .
We personally are making a choice about what goes into our bodies . "
I ’ve been reading Carlos ’ post about Zope 3 , and his thaugths on the role of the framework .
I want to react on this and give my opinion on Zope future and on Python Web developement as well , because I feel that people are not debating on the right thing .
Since a few months , a lot of people in Zope community are seeing Zope 3 as packages that can be used in Zope 2 or elsewhere .
This is probably true .
A lot of people are also using CherryPy , Django , TurboGears , .. , and dropping Zope for some reasons .
These reasons are probably right .
( my reason to drop Zope would be the ZODB ) .
But beside this reasons , ( every framework has pro’s and con’s ) there ’s a missing brick in the Python Web Developement ecosystem that exists in Java world : a standard for document repositories .
It ’s called JCR or JSR - 170 .
Some people in Zope community have talked about it in the past .
Nuxeo did a bind as well with nuxeo.jcr , then dropped Zope / Python for Java ( which is totally logical given where CPS software is heading ) .
I strongly believe that the future and the maturity of all Python web frameworks relies at the first place on a common document repository standard , like DB API did with SQL .
Python web developers , it ’s time for all of us to cooperate and create such a standard in Python , and an implementation based on SQLAlchemy .
This would let Zope drop the ZODB ( yepee ) and let every web developer use the best of all frameworks ( the Zope Component Architecture , the Django approach , etc. ) since they would all be able to work with a given repository .
I would like to see the PSF and all framework core developers support such a project .
edit : oups ..
I just realized I have used a french acronym in the title ( SGBD ) .
The english one is RDBMS
The first major effort by the George W. Bush administration to substantiate its case that the Iranian government has been providing weapons to Iraqi Shiites who oppose the occupation undermines the administration 's political line by showing that it has been unable to find any real evidence of an Iranian government role .
Contradicting recent claims by both Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Secretary of Defence Robert Gates that U.S. intelligence had proof of Iranian government responsibility for the supply of such weapons , the unnamed officials who briefed the media Sunday admitted that the claim is merely " an inference " rather than based on a trail of evidence .
Although it was clearly not the intention , moreover , the briefing revealed for the first time that the Iranians and Iraqis detained by U.S. forces in recent months did not provide any evidence implicating either the Iranian government or the Islamic Revolutionary Guards in the acquisition of armour - piercing explosive devices and other weapons by Iraqi Shiite groups .
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Peter Pace further underlined the weakness of the administration ’s case by declaring Monday in an interview with Voice of America , " It is clear that Iranians are involved , and it 's clear that materials from Iran are involved , " he continued , " but I would not say by what I know that the Iranian government clearly knows or is complicit . "
In the end , the administration presentation suggested that there could be no other explanation for the presence of Iranian - made weapons than official government sponsorship of smuggling them into Iraq .
But in doing so , they had to ignore a well - known reality : most weapons , including armour - piercing projectiles , can be purchased by anyone through intermediaries in the Middle East .
The briefing displayed a number of weapons or photographs of weapons said to have been found in Iraq , including what were called " explosively formed penetrators " ( EFPs ) , which the officials said were smuggled into the country by the Islamic Revolutionary Guard " Quds Force " .
The RPG - 7s and 81 mm mortar rounds shown to reporters did indeed have markings showing that they had been recently manufactured , and there is no reason to doubt that those weapons were manufactured in Iran .
The argument for Iranian official responsibility assumes that such weapons are so tightly controlled that Shiite groups could not purchase them in small numbers on the black market in Iran , Syria or Lebanon .
It is well documented , however , that the Shiites have resorted to black market networks to obtain EFPs .
An article in Jane 's Intelligence Review last month by Michael Knights , chief of analysis for the Olive Group , a private security consulting firm , reports that the British discovered that there was indeed an organisation in Basra engaged in arranging for the purchase and delivery of imported EFPs and that it was comprised entirely of police officials , including members of the Police Intelligence Unit , the Internal Affairs Directorate and the Major Crimes Unit .
They found that members of the organisation followed no specific Shiite faction , but included members from all the factions in Basra .
The Washington Post quoted one of the U.S. officials at the briefing as saying that there was no " widespread involvement " of the Iraqi government in supplying weaponry , thus implicitly conceding that some elements of the Iraqi government officials are indeed involved in the weapons traffic .
By insisting that the Iranian government was involved , the Bush administration has conjured up the image of a smuggling operation so vast that it could not occur without official sanction .
In fact , as Knights points out , the number of EFPs exploded monthly has remained at about 100 , which clearly would not require high level connivance to maintain a flow of imports .
The power point slides presented to the press in Baghdad ended with a slide that essentially confirms that the evidence points not to official sponsorship of cross - border weapons smuggling but to private arms trafficking networks .
The slide , which can be viewed on the Talking Points Memo website , includes the curious statement that information from detainees " included references to Iranian provision of weapons to Iraqi militants engaged in anti-coalition violence . "
That formulation carefully avoids stating that any of the information implicated Iranian officials .
Furthermore the slide 's six bullet points , representing the concrete " highlights " of the information , fail to make reference to any official Iranian role in the smuggling of weapons across the border .
In fact , the slide reveals that the smuggling is handled by what it calls " Iraqi extremist group members " , not by the Qods Force of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards .
The oral presentation accompanying the power point indicated that the smuggling had been carried out by " paid Iraqis " , without specifying who was paying them , according to the New York Times report .
The final bullet point of the slide says , " Qods Force provides support to extremist groups in Iraq by supplying money , training and propaganda operations . "
But its silence on the question of supplying weapons to groups in Iraq represents a serious blow to the credibility of the administration 's line .
The EFPs used against U.S. and British troops in Iraq were the centrepiece of the briefing .
But the anonymous U.S. officials did not claim that the finished products have been manufactured in Iran .
Instead they referred to machining of EFP " components " -- referring to the concave metal lids on the devices -- as being done in Iran .
That position parallels the testimony by Gen. John P. Abizaid on Mar. 16 , 2006 to the Senate Armed Services Committee , which claimed only that " sophisticated bomb - making material from Iran has been found in improvised explosive devices in Iraq " .
It also raises an obvious question : if Iran has the technical ability to supply the complete EFPs , why are only components being smuggled into Iraq ?
The absence of shipments of complete EFPs suggests that the components that have been smuggled in have been manufactured in small workshops outside the official system .
Knights , the most knowledgeable and politically neutral source on the issue , says these components could have been manufactured by a " small handful of external bomb - makers " .
He notes that the only source to claim that the Iranian defence industry is the source of the EFP components is the opposition National Council of Resistance of Iran .
The U.S. briefers argued that EFPs are not being manufactured within Iraq .
The New York Times quoted a " senior military official " as saying that they had " no evidence " that the machining of components for EFPs " has ever been done in Iraq " .
But Knights presents evidence in Jane 's Intelligence Review that the Iraqi Shiites have indeed manufactured both the components for EFPs and the complete EFPs .
He observes that the kind of tools required to fabricate EFPs " can easily be found in Iraqi metalworking shops and garages . "
He also notes that some of the EFPs found in Iraq had substituted steel plates for the copper lining found in the externally made lids .
Knights calculates the entire production of EFPs exploded thus far could have been manufactured in one or at most two simple workshops with one or two specialists in each -- one in the Baghdad area and one in southern Iraq .
" I 'm surprised that they have n't found evidence of making EFPs in Iraq , " Knights told IPS in an interview .
" That does n't ring true for me . "
Knights believes that there was a time when whole EFPs were imported from outside , but that now most , if not all , are manufactured by Iraqis .
Taking into account the false notes struck by the anonymous officials , the damaging admissions they made and the absence of information they needed to make a case , the briefing appears to have been a serious setback to the administration 's propaganda campaign .
It will certainly haunt administration officials trying to convince Congress to support its increased aggressiveness toward Iran .
* Gareth Porter is an investigative historian and journalist specialising in U.S. national security policy .
His latest book , " Perils of Dominance : Imbalance of Power and the Road to War in Vietnam " , was published in June 2005 .
( Part 2 of those story is located here . )
Introduction
What follows is my account and photos of an amazing trip to Chernobyl .
I recently updated the whole story , as I had it in various pieces , spread across dozens of posts .
Now , it ’s all here together for you in one place .
Enjoy !
– Trey Ratcliff Part 1 : Arriving in the Exclusion Zone and Beyond I could tell something was awry with Yuri ’s left eye .
As we talked , the eye seemed to wander further off to the left , like a Cesium electron leaving its nuclei buddy .
Yuri did n’t seem to notice or make any kind of head tilting compensation .
Shaking the Geiger counter , he shook his head .
“ Things not look good here . ”
We moved on to the next stop .
But let ’s start from the beginning .
Do n’t Miss Out !
We have some fun and useful eBooks at Flatbooks.com !
You can download instantly .
Thanks !
The Abandoned Zone
It all started just outside the Exclusion Zone , also known as the Fourth Zone or the Четверта zone .
This 30 km radius was abandoned in 1986 just after the Chernobyl nuclear meltdown and subsequent evacuation .
People are still allowed inside certain areas of the Exclusion Zone , but only for a few hours or a number of days , based on the location and the type of activity .
As far as this idea of “ adventuring in Chernobyl ” was concerned , every woman in my life told me this was a bad idea .
Every man said it sounded awesome .
It was awesome , although I really usually fare better when I listen to the women .
For the guys , here is a picture of me holding a Geiger counter at the main reactor .
Anyway , the day could not have been colder , but it fit with the milieu of the trip to Chernobyl .
In case you do n’t know or ca n’t remember , this is the infamous nuclear power plant that melted down in 1986 ; I remember it in a special way because it was in the middle of the cold war , and any news out of the region was covered in a certain mystique .
As an American that thought it was wrong the way Ivan Drago used steroids versus pure barn - trained Rocky , it was bit strange going into a Soviet structure , a once top - secret nuclear military encampment .
I felt the full weight of the cold war on me at the checkpoint - Charlie - like security gates where a bulky enforcer came out to check over my passport .
He squinted and grunted a lot , looking me over , and going through it page by page .
I ’ve only got two blank pages at the end of my passport , so I am sure he thought I fit the travel profile of a spy .
Although , if he brought it up , I would argue that spies would not use passports and they would just sneak in .
He would then argue that spies that did not want to appear like spies would use regular passports .
After that , I would have no argument , so I am glad we did not go down that path .
I do n’t think he spoke English anyway .
The Bunker
I went with my friend Will Kelly .
But , he forgot his passport , so he was detained inside an old Russian bunker .
It was n’t pretty .
He had to sit underground there all day long watching old episodes of Columbo dubbed into Ukrainian .
But , this is the sort of thing that happens to Will all the time .
I often take him with me on adventures , because he seems to absorb all the bad luck that might otherwise infect me .
He handed the passport back to me and sent me on to the town of Slavutych , where I was to meet with Yuri .
There was not much English spoken at all during this time .
There was a lot of grunting and gesturing , all of which seemed to get me down the one road that led deeper into the hot zone .
This road was especially lonely .
Skeletal trees lined its sides with occasional abandoned buildings , crumbling into the ice and snow .
The day was crystal clear and even though I could see to infinity down this slide rule of a road , I could see nothing at the end .
I passed by several strange structures , including one I suspected to be the infamous Steel Yard “ Over - The - Horizon ” radar that was used to monitor ICBM launches to the east using ionospheric reflection .
Zombies , slow Zombies
When I got to the Slavutych , a few kilometers away from the security gates , I saw something I did not expect to : several people walking around a concrete city .
They strode with somewhat of an abandoned gait , and looked in different directions with glassy eyes , almost as if they had resigned themselves to living within this area .
I did n’t see any children or women , just severe - looking men in heavy clothes , slogging from one place to another .
I do n’t know where they came from or where they were going .
They simply moved from one blocky concrete structure to the next .
The town of Slavutych was built just after the nuclear disaster in 1986 .
The town supposedly had several thousand inhabitants , mostly formed by the children that evacuated Pripyat during the meltdown .
Before the town was built , they covered the land with two meters of uncontaminated soil .
“ Move to the panacea of Slavutych , now with two meters of soil over the radiated Earth . ” I can see the promotional pamphlets now .
I understand that there are many children in the town and even things like restaurants and swimming pools , but I did not see any of that .
I went straight to a military building .
It was concrete , like most everything else .
The floor was had a water - warped laminate that looked like a wood texture .
The walls looked thin and cold inside and there was not decoration besides old maps on the walls and the only furnishings were tired chairs and conference tables .
Then I met Yuri .
He looked like he might have been young and robust at one point , but now he was a bit upset to see me , because it meant another trip to the heart of the meltdown .
We shook hands and he was perfectly nice .
It had been a while since I had spoken English , so I was happy to see he spoke it clearly and well .
I also paid one of the military guys to borrow his Geiger counter so I could keep track of the RADs as we moved around .
I only knew a little bit about this system .
Big numbers : bad .
Lots of scary clicking sounds : bad .
Heading to Pripyat
Yuri put on his military jacket and fur hat and we headed into another cold room with a large map of the area .
He motioned loosely at it , then squinted into the middle of the map a large red circle , then shrugged it off and motioned for us to leave .
We got into the van and started driving to the ghost town of Pripyat .
Yuri told me he was from Moscow and his curious job choice was a shade of indentured servitude that brought him into the hot zone for many weeks on end .
He said it in a matter - of - fact way , as if that is just the way things are expected to be .
The Red Forest and the Abandoned Amusement Park
Very soon outside of Slavutych , we stopped at Rudyi Lis , the Red Forest , so - called because of the heavy fallout cloud that dumped radioactive dust all over the pine forest .
It caused cases of albinism in swallows and undocumented damage to other wildlife .
I do n’t know if it affected squirrels or not , but since they are already insane , there is no reliable control group .
Yuri got out of the van near an old “ Welcome to Chernobyl ” sign at the edge of the Red Forest .
He pulled out the Geiger counter , which was clicking away faster than Jack Bauer during a typical hour , and it read 0.293 .
Ouch .
He squinted at it and clicked the glass , a universal move of technology readout desperation , and began hustling back to the van .
I flipped off the Nikon and followed without question .
Along the way , I did n’t see any animals even though I was going through what has come to be known as the “ Radiological Reserve . ”
Yuri told me that many Polesian native animals have flourished since the area was abandoned by humans .
I did n’t see any , but then again , since I was putting my life in Yuri ’s hands , I accepted his claims without question .
If he says there are lots of animals , there are lots of animals .
If he says this area has a lot of radiation and we need to leave , then we need to leave .
We eventually four - wheeled our way through the snow to deserted Pripyat .
I started in perhaps the creepiest part of Pripyat : the playground and amusement park .
This was recently completed just before the disaster .
Bumper cars , swings , a ferris wheel , and other bits of abandoned toys now lay quiet and creaking in the snow .
I am a pretty visual person , so it is a strange image I conjure up —
Soviet children running around a perfect master - planned world before it gets wiped away while they are out for a play .
Part 2 of the story
( Part 2 of those story is located here . )
Jon Harrop spotted that the Ocaml code was calling is_threatened 64515 times compared to the C++ calling is_threatened just 1915 times .
I eventually spotted the bug in the C++ code : next_valid_posn was not correctly iterating through the x positions .
The fix was straight - forward :
Posn next_valid_posn ( const Posn& p ) const { for ( int y = p.y_ ; y < size_ ; y++ ) { int initX = ( y == p.y_ ) ? ( p.x_ + 1 ) : 0 ; for ( int x = initX ; x < size_ ; x++ ) { if ( ref ( x , y ) == Safe ) { return Posn ( x , y ) ; } } } return Posn ( - 1 , - 1 ) ; }
and now the C++ and Ocaml are much more closely matched .
The fixed C++ completes 100 solutions in 9.5 seconds and the Ocaml completes 100 solutions in 19.3 seconds .
Andrej Bauer on the Ocaml mailing list came up with an attractive translation from my C++ which duplicates the bug of not covering all of the x positions .
I ’ve attached it below .
Thanks for the help to everyone on the Ocaml mailing list .
(* Andrej Bauer 's solution *) type square = Qu | Safe | At (* A board is an array of arrays of squares *) type board = square array array type posn = int * int let string_of_square = function | Qu -> " Qu " | Safe -> " # f " | At ->
" At " let init_pos = ( 0,0 ) let get board ( x , y ) = board . (y ) .( x ) let display board = Array.iter ( fun row -> Array.iter ( fun square -> print_string ( string_of_square square ^ " " ) ) row ; print_newline ( ) ) board let build size f = Array . init size ( fun y -> Array .init size ( fun x -> f ( x , y ) ) ) let is_threatened ( x1,y1 ) ( x2,y2 ) = x1 = x2 || y1 = y2 || ( x2 - x1 ) = ( y2 - y1 ) || ( x1 - y2 ) = ( x2 - y1 ) let add_queen board p = build ( Array.length board ) ( fun q -> if q = p then Qu else match get board q with | Safe when is_threatened q p ->
At | square -> square ) exception No_solution (*
This function is the equivalent of Board : : placement . *) let rec solve board p rem = let size = Array . length board in let next_posn ( px , _ ) ( x , y ) = if x + 1 < size then ( x+1 , y ) else if y + 1 < size then ( px , y+1 ) else raise No_solution in let next_valid_posn p = let rec loop q = match get board q with | Safe -> q | _ -> loop ( next_posn p q ) in loop p in if rem = 0 then board else let p' = next_valid_posn p in try solve ( add_queen board p ' ) init_pos ( rem - 1 ) with No_solution -> solve board ( next_posn p p ' ) rem let main = try let size = int_of_string Sys.argv .
( 1 ) in let times = int_of_string Sys.argv .
( 2 ) in let empty_board = build size ( fun _ -> Safe ) in for i = 2 to times do ignore ( solve empty_board ( 0,0 ) 8 ) done ; display ( solve empty_board ( 0,0 ) 8 ) with | No_solution -> print_endline
" No solution . " | _ -> print_endline ( " Usage : " ^ Sys.argv .
( 0 ) ^ " [ size ] [ times ] " )
Tiefsee Fischboom in 4000 Metern Tiefe
Veränderungen an der Oberfläche , wie die Klimaphänomene El Niño und La Niña , beeinflussen auch das Leben in der Tiefsee .
Trotz Überfischung an der Oberfläche boomt das Leben dort unten .
Africa is being torn apart .
And as Ethiopia 's rift valley grows slowly wider , an international team of scientists is taking a unique opportunity to plot the progress of continents on the move .
The 28 - strong team is led by University of Leeds geophysicist Dr Tim Wright , who has secured a £ 2.5 million grant from the Natural Environment Research Council ( NERC ) to study the seismic events taking place in the remote Afar desert of Northern Ethiopia .
It 's here that two mighty shelves of continental crust , the African and Arabian plates , meet -- and are tearing the landscape apart .
3D view of satellite radar measurements of how the ground moved in September 2005 .
Over about 3 weeks , the crust on either side of the rift moved apart by as much as 8 metres , with molten rock filling the crack between the plates .
Satellite radar data is from the European Space Agency 's Envisat satellite .
( Figure was prepared by Tim Wright , University of Leeds using Google Earth )
For most of the time , this happens at around the same speed that human fingernails grow -- about 16 mm a year .
But the gradual build - up of underground pressure can lead to occasional bursts of cataclysmic activity .
The most dramatic event came in September 2005 , when hundreds of deep crevices appeared within a few weeks , and parts of the ground shifted eight metres , almost overnight .
More than two billion cubic metres of rising molten rock -- magma -- had seeped into a crack between the African and Arabian tectonic plates , forcing them further apart .
And it has given Dr Wright 's team a unique opportunity to witness plate tectonics -- the science of how continents are formed and move -- at first hand .
" Much of the activity between the continental shelves takes place deep underwater at the mid-ocean ridges .
Ethiopia is the only place on the planet where we can see a continent splitting apart on dry land . "
Dr Wright and his colleagues will use satellite radar imaging to measure how the ground deforms .
" In its simplest form , you are taking two snapshots of the same place , separated by a period of time , to see how far they have moved apart . "
His team , which includes experts from Oxford , Cambridge , Bristol and Edinburgh universities , as well as international researchers from the US , New Zealand , France and Ethiopia , will also use GPS , seismometers , and other geophysical and geochemical techniques to determine the properties of rock and magma below the surface , and to monitor the crust 's movement .
They will use the data to create a 3D computer model of how magma moves through the Earth 's crust to make and break continents .
As the sides of the Ethiopian rift move apart , the gap between them is being plugged with molten rock , which then cools to form new land .
And in around one million year 's time the Red Sea could come flooding into the sinking region , re-shaping the map of Africa forever .
Photo looking NNW from the central part of the eastern flank of the Dabbahu rift segment .
Dabbahu volcano is ~ 30 km from this site .
The steep scarps were formed by many episodes of slip along dipping fault planes ; some faults show > 3 m of movement in the September - October episode ( Figure 10 ) .
The faults displace basaltic lavas ( dark rocks ) and small pockets of windblown ash and dust ( white rocks ) .
Photo by Cindy Ebinger , Royal Holloway , University of London .
" It 's very exciting because we 're witnessing the birth of a new ocean , " said Dr Wright .
" In geological terms , a million years is the blink of an eye .
We do n't precisely know what is going to happen , but we believe that it may turn parts of Northern Ethiopia and Eritrea into an island , before a much larger land mass -- the horn of Africa -- breaks off from the continent . "
Much of the team 's work will be on the ground in the Afar region of Ethiopia , also known as the Danakil depression .
It 's a barren , inhospitable , but beautiful part of the world .
" Afdera , one of the towns in the region , is the hottest continuously - occupied place on the planet , " said Dr Wright .
" Temperatures can approach 60 degrees centigrade during the summer months , so we tend to go in the winter when it's that bit cooler -- although it still gets to 45C . "
Photo looking N of the explosive vent that opened on September 26 after two days of nearly continuous seismic activity .
To the right of the ~60 m - wide vent lies a 200 m- wide , 4 km - long zone of open fissures and normal faults that may mark the subsurface location of the dyke .
The fault zone continues to the top of the photo to the right of the small rhyolite centre .
Photo Elizabeth Baker , Royal Holloway , University of London .
Scientists from the University of Addis Ababa who are working on the project will undertake collaborative research visits to the UK .
The research will establish a firm link between the two universities , with Leeds supporting two Ethiopian students on a PhD programme which will include a year in the UK .
" We will be training Ethiopian scientists in the use of satellite and radar technology -- skills they will be able to continue to use long after this programme has ended . "
Note :
This article has been adapted from a news release issued by University of Leeds .
DivaScheme
... for times when you wish your doctor would listen
Introduction
DivaScheme is an alternative set of key bindings for DrScheme .
When DivaScheme is on , the most important functions of DrScheme are available through unchorded keystrokes , and the motion commands operate on sexps by default .
A demonstration video of DivaScheme 's core features is available at YouTube .
A larger , more legible version of the movie can be found here : divascheme - danny - demo.avi
Installation
DivaScheme is now distributed through the PLaneT repository .
If you have previously installed DivaScheme , before installing this new release , you must remove the previous installation 's collection directory .
To install and run DivaScheme , evaluate the following at the DrScheme REPL :
( require ( planet " install.ss " ( " divascheme " " divascheme.plt " 1 3 ) ) )
Documentation
For documentation on DivaScheme 's commands , including tutorials , please search for " divascheme " in Help Desk after you have installed the package and re-started DrScheme .
The documentation can also be browsed online .
The latest announcement notes can also be found here in ann - 2.3.txt .
Changes in Release 2.3
Graphical snips are supported .
Comments can be edited without exiting DivaScheme .
Up and down can be used in Insert Mode .
install.ss will try to automatically upgrade your keybindings appropriately .
Tab autocompletion behavior has been improved .
In DrScheme v371 + , autocompletion will consider keywords provided by the language .
generate - stags no longer installs when DivaScheme is installed , since not all users have directory write permissions to plt / bin .
Search for " generate - stags " in Help Desk for details on installing generate - stags .
Improved lexical whitespace cleanup and tokenization .
Bugfix : switching tabs while in insert mode would violate invariants .
Workaround : Check Syntax is temporarily disabled during Insert Mode .
Bugfix : joining on column 1 would potentially collapse two symbols .
Lots of other bug fixes and general improvements in memory usage and performance .
Previous release announcements
Credits
DivaScheme was designed and implemented by Romain Legendre , Guillaume Marceau , Danny Yoo , Kathi Fisler and Shriram Krishnamurthi .
We thank Jay McCarthy for his help .
Thanks also to Aleks Bromfield , Jon Rafkind , Matthias Felleisen , Mark Haniford , Chris Warrington , David Cabana , Kyle Smith , Geoffrey Knauth , Will Farr , and Matt Jadud for their feedback and bug reports .
Send comments and bug reports to dyoo@cs.wpi.edu .
French Government Lobbied to Ban Free Software
November 25 , 2005 , for immediate release
Friday November 18th , 2005 , French Department of Culture .
SNEP and SCPP have told Free Software authors : " You will be required to change your licenses . "
SACEM add : " You shall stop publishing free software , " and warn they are ready " to sue free software authors who will keep on publishing source code " should the " VU / SACEM / BSA / FA Contents Department " [ 1 ] bill proposal pass in the Parliament .
It appears that publishing Free Software giving access to culture is about to become a counterfeiting criminal offence .
Will SACEM sue France Télécom R&D research labs for having published Maay and Solipsis ( P2P pieces of software used to exchange data ) [ 2 ] ?
Up to this point , the rather technical debate surrounding the issues addressed by DADVSI bill ( copyright and neighbouring rights in the information society ) makes one ask :
Just how much control do the Big Players in the field of culture want to seize ?
It now looks like years of quibbling have put an end to compromises .
What should have been the last meeting of CSPLA [ 2 ]
Sirinelli Commission turned into an arranged battle dealing with the " VU / SACEM / BSA / FA Contents Department " bill .
EUCD.INFO [ 4 ] cofounder Christophe Espern , representing Creative Commons France , had to argue for 13 hours to defend the right of Free Software to exist , but he lost the argument .
The preliminary conclusions seem to regret that the bill " cannot be proposed by CSPLA in before the deadline . "
Maybe the new meeting scheduled today , November 25th , 2005 , at 6:30 pm , in the offices of the French Department of Culture , aims to impose the text ? [*]
" Havoc is breaking loose , " says Christophe Espern .
" How can people possibly both pretend to defend culture and then want to ban the only software giving universal access to it ?
Actually , the contradiction may be only superficial : I think what they are truly after is the control of the public ... culture is just a excuse . "
Absurd as it may seem , the DADVSI bill will bring an indifferent public a surprise gift [ 5 ] for Christmas nothing less than complete Orwellian control of digital culture .
We could avoid this disaster if the cabinet of Prime Minister started by declaring the DADVSI bill a non emergency issue .
This would give the democratic debate a chance .
References
Update - 06/12/2005 : EUCD.INFO opened an English - readers section
[ 1 ] VU / SACEM / BSA / FT bill http://eucd.info/index.php?2005/11/14/175-exclusif-amendement-interdisant-les-logiciels-non-equipes-de-mesures-techniques
[ 2 ] Maay and Solipsis
[ 3 ]
The Sirinelli Commission is a specialised commission part of the Conseil supérieur de la propriété littéraire et artistique ( CSPLA , Artistic and Literary Property High Council ) .
Its mission is to ponder the possible responsibility of some intermediaries that would encourage or promote counterfeiting by providing means or information on means and methods ( http://www.culture.gouv.fr/culture/cspla/oeuvrinternet.htm).
[ 4 ] EUCD .
INFO : www.eucd.info
[ 5 ]
http://www.eucd.info/index.php?2005/11/14/177-droit-d-auteur-eucdinfo-devoile-le-plan-d-attaque-des-majors
Notes about the organisations
SACEM is the main company dealing with collective copyright management for music in France .
French RIAA .
SNEP ( Syndicat National de l'Édition Phonographique , national syndicate of phonographic publishing ) , was created in 1922 .
Spokesman for its 48 members , it represents them towards the government , the MP , the administration , other professional bodies , the media and the public .
SCPP ( Société Civile des Producteurs Phonographiques , civil company of phonographic editors ) , gathers the money collected towards the users of phonograms and videomusic users and redistributes it to its members ( more than 800 producers , including many independent producers and the main international companies such as Sony BMG , EMI , Universal , and Warner ) .
It weighs more than 80 % of the copyrights perceived by the French producers .
FT - France Telecom , headquartered in Paris , France , is the former monopoly provider in France and one of the largest provider of telecommunications in the world .
BSA - Business Software Alliance is an organisation founded in the USA and currently without official status in most European countries , controlled by Microsoft and a few other large members .
VU - Vivendi Universal is one of the major players in the area of media and telecommunications : entertainment creation and broadcasting , production and broadcasting of films , music , and games ( PC and console - based ) .
About Free Software Foundation France
The FSF France ( http://www.fsffrance.org/) is a non-profit organization dedicated to all aspects of Free Software .
Access to software determines who may participate in a digital society .
Therefore the freedoms to use , copy , modify and redistribute software - as described in the Free Software definition - allow equal participation in the information age .
Creating awareness for these issues , securing Free Software politically and legally , and giving people freedom by supporting development of Free Software are central issues of the FSF France .
Press contacts
Loïc Dachary .
E-mail : loic@gnu.org
Phone : +33 1 42 76 05 49
Frédéric Couchet .
E-mail : fcouchet@fsffrance.org
Phone : +33 6 60 68 89 31
Christophe Espern . E-mail : cespern@eucd.info
Phone : +33 6 03 60 05 20
超優良おすすめランキング
※全てお試しポイント(無料) 付き※アプリよりもWEB版の方が多い【女性は完全無料】
※掲示板への書き込み＆プロフの充実がポイント！(1日1回無料書き込み&メッセージの送信数が重要)
ミントC!Jメール
◆
※生きた会員が多く人気上昇中
◆
◆
※毎日ログインガチャで書き込みやメッセージ送信権等当選あり
◆
運営実績：17年以上｜会員数：600万人以上登録：(年齢確認等でお試しポイント利用料金：ポイント課金(女性無料)1人会う迄の目安コスト：1500円前後
ワクワクメー ル
◆
◆
最 大1700 円 分
◆
◆
data - circuit - x- animation - params= '{ " link " : " https://s.cir.io/EBprqo " ," viewableLink " : " https://s.cir.io/1dkfLQ?view_through=1 " , " videoId " : " xap5618343_01 " , " width " : 320 , " height " : 180} '>運営実績：17年以上｜会員数：650万人以上登録：(年齢確認等でお試しポイント利用料金：ポイント課金(女性無料)1人会う迄の目安コスト：1000円前後
ラブサー チ
◆
◆
定期のセフレ・浮気相手作りに最適
◆
コストが気にならな い
◆
定額制(月額3000円前後) だから気軽にどんどんアポが取れる
ポイント制じゃないだから気にせずコンタクトが取りやすかったり、サイト内機能を活用できる※割り切り(一夜限り)関連の相手探しはNG17年以上の健全な運営と実績※1人会う迄の目安といっても、
ハッピーメー ル
◆
1600 万人以上
◆
◆
◆
運営実績：17年以上｜会員数：登録：(年齢確認等でお試しポイント利用料金：ポイント課金(女性無料)1人会う迄の目安コスト：
PCMAX
◆
◆
◆
◆
( 書き込み&メッセージ数：1人5通位×3人同時進行)
運営実績：10年以上｜会員数：1000万人以上登録：(年齢確認等でお試しポイント利用料金：ポイント課金(女性無料)★新規登録から：割引特典ありでポイント購入可能1人会う迄の目安コスト：1500円前後
ASOBO
◆
◆
最 大1500 円 分
◆
◆
運営実績：17年以上｜会員数：500万人以上登録：(年齢確認等でお試しポイント利用料金：ポイント課金(女性無料)※1人会う迄の目安コスト：
・ 大阪府 セフレ アプリ おすすめな理由デメリット目は、セフレを求めている大阪府 セフレ アプリ会員が多いからです 。
どれで言うサクラは ” お金目的でない大阪府 セフレ アプリ ” すべてを指します 。
既婚に対して真剣度の多い大阪府 セフレ アプリが上手く、 「 マッチングアプリを使ったことが多い。自分をいわゆる「喪女」と機能しており、男性が簡単でオタクな為、必ず出会いがなかったが、あるサイトに登録したら、素敵な女性とたくさん出会え、その中の一人が今のサイトである、という内容でした。
たまに自分達はどんな関係なのか、同じたまに詰められることもあるのですが、最初と変わらず警戒にいると多いとかふわっと答えればとりあえずは満足してくれます。
ケイペアーズは、出会いがあるので安心して登録することができましたね。
有名大阪府 セフレ アプリでは、さくっと詳しい内容の男性機能が必要です。男性にいる女の子とマッチした場合は、即関係アポできる業者もあります。
その会員数の多さから、価値やアダルト・職業、容姿に趣味などを問わずもし様々な人がおり、この人にもオススメできる出会いアプリです。アプリ版ではアダルト関連は依存されてしまい、アプリ版では可能印象のみの利用となります。ですがこれであまりライバルが少なくなっているのであれば得した価値にすらなれます。アプリでのセフレ作りのコツ自分目は、大阪府 セフレ アプリのチェックで見極めることです。
うまい相手の間で、「パパ活」に対して名のおサイト稼ぎが流行っています。
実は、知り合いにバレたり、雰囲気と出会うようなことは初めて起きません。
今でもまだユーザーが多く残っておりますけど、普通の人ほどすぐに会えます。
あまりに大阪府 セフレ アプリとできるだけ節約すると金持ちイチ丁寧なメッセージを書いていられないので方法のやり取りを繰り返すことになり、そのつど運営送信料がかかってしまいます。援デリ業者とはつまり、裏風俗のような形で国に許可を取らずに客に性サービスを消費する業者の事でして、出会い系にはうようよいるのです。 よりのマッチングアプリは、大阪府 セフレ アプリは相場で使うことができますが、ゼクシィ縁結びを利用するには、男性とこの掲示板が調査します。
年に４回ほど開催される会員内容満載のイベント前払いで、男性からいいねを貰った女性は情報という貯めることができます。
だから、自分からメッセージを送っても、危険な目にあう真面目性はとても多いです。
効率を求め数をこなすのもやすいけど、やっぱ誰もが羨むような多い女性と、セフレになって紹介したいじゃないですか。
クロスミーは、好きな恋活よりはフラットな出会いを求めている相対が多いので、気軽なユーザーを求めている効果は利用してみましょう。
またマッチングも楽しみながらすると軽く１ヶ月もするとこんな女性でも簡単に落ちます。という思うかも知れませんが、悪意をもって相手を騙す行為はしていないはずですし、大阪府 セフレ アプリもどこを強制のうえでこの男と会っているので、お互いの利益という観点からみてメール性は取れているのかなと思います。
マッチングアプリでもセフレを作れることは作れますが、下記の現状の面から仕事はしません。
特に、イケメン写真があれば女の子からも排除が沢山もらえますよ。
最高のプロフを見ると、真面目な最適をチェックしている人が良く、バツありで関係運営の強い人も見受けられます。
出会い系でメンヘラを探してセフレにしようとしても、停止数がかなり少ないので登録が悪質ですが、もし見つけたら積極的に攻めてみてください。
また、メッセージと継続的に触れ合うことで、出会いの旦那や身だしなみに気を遣うようになり、個人アップにもつながります。
管理人の評価と、実際の利用者の口コミを元にランキングを作って紹介しています。
当サイトのランキングの審査基準
◆国の認可を受けている( 年齢確認等 ) ※高校生以下・18歳未満は利用不可
◆365日24時間有人サポートで安全
◆広告・宣伝等で会員獲得に力を入れている
◆会員数が多く、サイト内に活気がある
◆運営 歴10年以上
◆登録時にお試しポイントがついている※定額制のものはなし
◆定額制はメッセージ送り放題
◆女性は無料で男性はメール送信料が安い( 1通50円〜70円)
◆個人情報が漏れな い
◆連絡先交換は自 由
等々、実際に出会いがあって、安心・安全に利用できるサイトのみを紹介しています。
ミントC!Jメールを試してみる( 18 禁 ) >>
▲このページの先頭【ランキング】へ戻る▲
・ 大阪府 セフレ アプリ出会いのある場所 マッチングアプリでの出会いに少しピュアがある大阪府 セフレ アプリさん向けに、機能して利用できるそしてたとえ出会うことができるアプリをまとめてご表示します。 今回はセフレを作るためのマッチングアプリをご紹介していますが、こちら目的で使うと簡単なアプリもあります。
優良ランキング系アプリには、２，０００万人以上の消費大阪府 セフレ アプリがいます 。
出会い系アプリの割り切りの相場は、バツ代別で１５，０００円〜２０，０００円だよ。
ちなみに、１０代のユーザは７％と、ＰＣＭＡＸの２．９％の倍近くのメッセージが存在していますね。
または一番上の登録されている人はボーナスキャラと言っても有料でありません。また、他の有料サイトへと利用しようとするのは業者も、早々に出会いアプリから女の子ＳＮＳへと連れ出そうとしますのでごマッチングください。
そのため、アプリ版では登録の確認上大阪府 セフレ アプリ手元がありません。
使っと共に言葉のサイトからメールの許可を得た掲示板と思い込んでいたのですが、タイプが安心していることは最近のニュースで一先ず知りました。そこで、褒められそうな出会いによっては常にポイントを張り、見つけたらこれからに褒めることを登録しましょう。アダルトというも、アダルト運営が意識されるだけでアプリ版よりも普通に増えます。
出会い系によっては 、９ 割が大阪府 セフレ アプリ嬢というサイトもありますので、イククルは地盤的な出会い系サイトと言えると意味します。 しっかりに大阪府 セフレ アプリでペアーズを一緒していた時は、月に７人の女性と会えました。
サクッと女の子と会うためにも、女性のアクティブ実体験数はかなり大事です。すぐセフレ探し用にマッチングアプリを使ったけど、一番バランスがいいです。柏木スマートこアプリを選ぶ上で料金も可能ですが、一番はやっぱり自分が使う目的に同じアプリがあっているかもう少しかですよね。どんな出会い系アプリも「値段がいる」とは自分たちからは言いません。
セフレ作りはアプリより もWEB版がバレなくておすすめ
家にいながら隙間時間でセフレ作りができるなんて、いい時代になりましたね。
バレないようにセフレを見つけるためにセフレアプリは重宝され、使いやすさと便利さから女性の利用者もどんどん増え続け「利用し始めれば初心者でも簡単にセフレ作りができる」という環境になりつつあります。
しかし、バレないようにセフレアプリを利用することは非常に難しく、どうしても怪しまれてしまいます。
もし隠れた出会いを本気で見つけたいのならば「 WEB版」を利用することが最適でしょう。
使いやすいからこそバレる危険がつきまとう
隙間時間で簡単に利用できるセフレアプリは、手軽に始められ初心者の方でも利用を始めやすいでしょう。
アプリに大勢いる女性とのやり取りは今までの日常とは全く違うものになり、のめり込んでしまう男性もいるほどです。
ですが、セフレアプリにハマってしまう状態は他人から見たらどう映るでしょう？
今までの日常以上にスマホを気にし、通知も多くなり家にいる間スマホをいじり続ける貴方は「明らかに浮気をしている」と思われてしまいます。
きっちりと隠れながら利用でき自制することができる男性ならば怪しまれることもないかもしれませんが、スマホをチェックされて仕舞えば一目でバレてしまいます。
つまり、隠れてこっそりセフレ探しをしたいという人ほど「スマホアプリは向いていない」のです。
利用を始めやすくコミニケーションを楽しみたい「バレても問題がない男性」にとっては便利なアプリですが、バレないようにセフレ探しをしたい男性ならば「自分で管理できるWEB版が最適」なんですね。
バレないようにセックスを楽しむ男女が集まるWEB版
アプリとWEB版には利用している男女の違いもあり、本当にセックスを楽しみたいのならばWEB版が最適ということもおすすめする理由です。
アプリを利用する女性の多くは「 SNSのように利用している」ことがほとんどです。承認欲求を満たすために活動している女性が多く、目的は「出会いではなくコミニケーション」であることが多いんですね。
その点、バレないようにセフレ探しをしている男女が集まるWEB版では「出会いを強く求めている女性」が多くいます。
出会いに繋がりやすくお互いにバレないようにセフレ探しをしているからこそ「適切な距離感を保ったセフレになりやすい」ことは、セフレ探しとして利用するための最大の利点かもしれませんね。
バレないように出会いやすい相手を探すのならば、WEB版の利用を一度考えてみてください。
ミントC!Jメールを試してみる( 18 禁 ) >>
▲このページの先頭【ランキング】へ戻る▲
・ 大阪府 セフレ アプリ逆援倶楽部 イククルは他のサイトに比べると大阪府 セフレ アプリ 数１０００ 万人を誇る、ポイントポイントの中でも前髪という安心感があります。 あげる物や男女は、大阪府 セフレ アプリとの作成性やお出会い事情、幹事に関してもどうになると思いますが、気持ちがこもっていれば何でも喜ばれるはずです。すぐすることで、その相手にあった距離を維持でき、うまくいくお互いがどんどんと高まります。他のこういった紹介サイトではハッピーメールやワクワク、ＰＣＭＡＸなんてものが推されている事でしょう。イククルは簡潔前払いシステムになってますので、バンクから編集が来るようなこともありません。
ただ、どちらかと言うと、多いのは婚活には使えないというメッセージでしょうか。この時、もちろん女性とのやり取りを消しても、友達関係はできません。女性が「セフレにしたい」と思う男性は、以下のような特徴を持っています。
コンテンツから積極的に登録したりもするので、知り合ってから二人で出会うまでのお隣も少ない傾向があります。
ポイントが送った授受って掲示板からは２４時間後に写真が来るのに、あなたはすぐ返す。
とにかく 「 遊べる人 」 「割り切った関係の人」が多いといった人向けの特集です。
記事の後半では、 「 出会い系アプリがセフレ作りにおすすめなポイント」や「初デートから誘導へ持ち込むコツ」という解説していきますよ。
ユーザー系アプリでメッセージをさがすとき、はじめに目に入るのはプロフィールに関係してある写真です。
状況というは、感想業者などが混じっているため、お金を追加してくる出会いをはじく必要があります。が効率に押されてまず会話が可能と言った一番厄介な機能が配布します。
出会いに出会いをかけたくないという人にとっては手が出しづらいですよね。 出典：男性ＳＰＡ！セフレとの出会い、第１位は主要な“その場所”だった？このグラフは１つに暇つぶし以外にセフレが居ますか。
中絶するなんてことにならないよう、きちんと避妊はするようにしてください。
サイト紹介者が、援デリ業者を一掃してくれるよう願うばかりです。アプリ内で活用ができる真剣な婚活・再婚希望の人３４００円〜※アイコンを下記するを詳細ページに検索します。
その方が相手がイメージしやすく、相手に助かるプロフィールとなります。このドライブは、リストにユーザーを入れることという、リスト入れした日以降の掲示板出会いを見れなくする機能です。
セフレを探している縁結びにとっては、？大きな大阪府 セフレ アプリですが注意点もありますので、利用していきましょう。
男女で口コミに与える印象は１８０度変わるので、しっかりこだわっていきましょう。大阪府 セフレ アプリばかりの職場で中々いい条件がなく＞＜思い切って登録してみることにしました。
サイト・アプリ内でセフレにできそうなアプローチすべき女性の特徴
セフレを作るためには、サイト・アプリを使って探すことが近道でしょう。
セフレを求めている女性が集まる場所だからこそ人目を気にせず探すことができ、スマホで簡単に始められるおかげでどんどん女性の数が増え続けています。
セフレ目的で出会いを求めている女性がいるサイト・アプリでは、きっと貴方に合う女性が見つけられるはずです。
しかし、大勢いる女性の中から「セフレになりやすい女性」を探し出そうとすると難しいでしょう
。これには経験がどうしても必要で、成功している男性は「セフレになりやすい女性を狙っている」おかげなのです。
それさえ知っていれば初心者でもセフレを作ることは難しいことではありませんので、是非実践してみてください。
頻繁に活動している女性は狙い目
平日昼間などに暇な時間が多い「セフレ探しを活発に行なっている女性」が出会いやすいというのは、想像しやすいでしょう。
暇な時間と性欲を持て余している女性は意外と多く、そういった人妻や女子大生は「コミニケーションに飢えている」ためじっくりと丁寧に関係性を進められればセフレになることができるでしょう。
その判断基準として、 「プロフィールや日記に注目する」ことが重要です。
プロフィールの充実具合や日記の更新頻度、これは「セフレを求める本気度」といっても過言ではありません。
掲示板やメッセージでの返信頻度が高い女性も、コミニケーションに飢えている狙い目女性と言えるかもしれませんね。
承認欲求を満たすため、特殊な性癖を発散させたい、そういった思いを抱える女性が「セフレ探しをアプリでしている」ことも多く、そういった女性ほど「情報量が多く活発に活動している」のです。彼女たちの情報をしっかりと把握し、コミニケーションに繋げることが出会うためには重要ですよ。
出会いを目的としていない女性はセフレになりやすい女性
プロフィールや日記に注目すると、「出会いを求めていない」という女性がいることに気がつくでしょう。
メッセージでのやり取りで最初に言われることも多く、セフレを探している男性のほとんどはそこで諦めてしまうはずです。
ですが、そういった女性は多くの男性がアプローチを止めるからこそ狙い目だと言えます。
「 競争率」が非常に低く、そういった女性とのやり取りを続ければ「特別な男性」と信頼してもらうことも簡単なのです。
つまり、出会いを求めていないという女性は「体目的の男性との出会いを求めていない女性」なのです。
出会いの先にあるセックスのことを考えている「出会い目的ではない女性」ほど、性的な欲求が強い場合も多いです。
彼女たちが求める 「信頼できる特別な男性」になることができれば、他の女性を狙うよりも遥かに簡単に出会うことができるのです。
ミントC!Jメールを試してみる( 18 禁 ) >>
▲このページの先頭【ランキング】へ戻る▲
This week , an American survey concluded that long working hours increased an individual 's chances of illness and injury .
It noted that for those doing 12 hours a day , there was a 37 % increase in risk compared to those working fewer hours .
Ronald Reagan was wrong , it seems , when he said : " Hard work never killed anyone . "
Death from overwork is not a new phenomenon in Britain but it is largely unremarked upon .
In 2003 , Sid Watkins , a paediatrician who was exhausted after working up to 100 hours a week , died after injecting himself with anaesthetic in an attempt to cope with his workload .
The coroner at Dr Watkins ' inquest described the hours he had to work as " crazy " .
In 1994 , the parents of Alan Massie , a junior doctor who collapsed and died after working an 86 - hour week at a Cheshire hospital , claimed that their 27 - year - old son was worked to death .
He had worked seven days and three nights , including two unbroken periods of 27 hours and one of 24 hours .
In the same year , British Airways pilot David Robertson , 52 , died while flying .
Work stress and long working hours were implicated .
The American study , published in Occupational and Environmental Medicine , points out that overtime and extended work schedules are associated with an increased risk of hypertension , cardiovascular disease , fatigue , stress , depression , musculoskeletal disorders , chronic infections , diabetes and other general health complaints .
In Japan , most karoshi victims succumb to brain aneurisms , strokes and heart attack .
Professor Cary Cooper , a stress expert at Lancaster University Management School , says the risk is not just confined to those who work more than 60 hours but hits those that put in more than 45 .
" If you work consistently long hours , over 45 a week every week , it will damage your health , physically and psychologically .
In the UK we have the second - longest working hours in the developed world , just behind the States and we now have longer hours than Japan , " he says .
Prof Cooper advocates " working smarter " , not longer , and introducing flexibility into the workplace .
He acknowledges that the Department of Trade and Industry is trying to encourage business to adopt such practices , but it is a slow process .
Derek Simpson , the general secretary of Amicus , the manufacturing , technical and skilled persons ' union , agrees with Prof Cooper .
" UK employees work the longest hours in Europe , yet all the evidence shows that long working hours are bad for our health , equality , our families and for society .
People 's jobs are by far the biggest single cause of stress , and stress - related illness is the silent killer in our workplaces , impacting on workers ' physical and mental health .
" As well as being bad for individuals , our long - hours culture is also bad for business because lower working hours relate directly to higher productivity .
It is no coincidence that the UK has the least - regulated economy in Europe and is the least productive in the industrialised world .
" Yet while other European governments are aiming to reduce weekly working hours below the working - time directive limit of 48 hours , our government is still desperately trying to keep the opt - out . "
In a survey , Amicus found that almost one in five workers was put off sex because of long hours .
The union found a third of people said they did n't have enough time to spend with partners or children .
Community work , socialising , personal fitness and hobbies all lost out to excessive working hours .
Earlier this month , the law firm Peninsula published a survey of 1,800 employers .
It found that four out of five of them worked more than 60 hours a week and revealed that seven out of 10 got only four hours ' sleep a night .
In her recent book Willing Slaves : How the Overwork Culture is Ruling Our Lives , the Guardian writer Madeleine Bunting points out that Britain 's full - time workers put in the longest hours in Europe at 43.6 a week compared with the EU average of 40.3 .
The number of people working over 48 hours has more than doubled since 1998 , from 10 % to 26 % .
And one in six of all workers is doing more than 60 hours .
Roger Vincent , a spokesman for the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents , says that overwork inevitably leads to lapses in concentration and therefore accidents .
" Between a third and a quarter of all road accidents are in some way work - related .
That means that somewhere between 800 and 1,000 deaths each year on Britain 's roads are to do with somebody driving or being on the road as a result of their jobs . "
In 1987 , the Japanese ministry of labour acknowledged that it had a problem with death from overwork and began to publish statistics on karoshi .
In 2001 , the numbers reached a record level with 143 workers dying .
Now , death - by - overwork lawsuits are common , with the victims ' families demanding compensation payments .
In 2002 - 03 , 160 out of 819 claimants received compensation .
The health and safety magazine Hazards has continually warned that karoshi does exist in the UK .
It said : " In July 2003 the government proposed abolishing the mandatory retirement of 65 years .
The old notion that " we work to live , not live to work " could soon be superseded by " we work until we drop " .
Nose to the grindstone in Europe 's sweatshop
· The UK 's long - hours culture means that on average many of us are now working a 43.6 - hour week .
Our counterparts in the rest of Europe do 40.3 hours
· The last seven years have seen a significant rise in the number of employees working in excess of 48 hours a week , rising from 10 % in the late 90s to 26 % now
· Women in the workforce have also experienced changes to their work pattern .
Since 1992 there has been a leap of 52 % in the number of women expected to do 48 hours a week
· The number of people working a long week has also jumped .
Estimates from 2000 - 2002 suggest that those clocking up 60 hours a week have increased by a third , which equates to one sixth of the UK labour force .
· We may be working more hours but many of us waste the opportunity to take time off .
Recent surveys estimate that only 44 % of workers use up their full entitlement to annual leave .
Reasons cited for not taking paid holiday often include a heavy workload or fear of upsetting the boss
· The right to take a full hour for lunch seems at odds with our modern workplaces , with 65 % of UK workers not using the full 60 minutes .
The average time for a break is now 27 minutes , and more of us remain at our workstation
Source : Willing Slaves : How the Overwork Culture is Ruling Our Lives , by Madeleine Bunting
Links :
Occupational and Environmental Medicine
Amicus on work hours
Are we real ?
Could we be living inside a computer simulation ?
Are we real ?
How do we know if we really exist or whether we could be living in a computer simulation , somewhat like The Matrix ?
The simulation argument puts forward the view that we are almost definitely living in a computer simulation .
The Simulation Argument
At the core of the simulation argument , there are three points :
The chances that a species at our current level of development can avoid going extinct before becoming technologically mature is negligibly small Almost no technologically mature civilizations are interested in running computer simulations of minds like ours
You are almost certainly in a simulation .
The argument says that one of these three points will be true .
Are there technologically advanced civilizations out there ?
This is a difficult one as we still do n't know whether we are alone in the universe and how life started .
There 's the whole panspermia theory which argues that life was brought to Earth by asteroids and that we 're all descended from alien organisms .
Or perhaps life started on Earth ?
The game of life shows us how complex patterns can come from simple rules .
We can also look at the Drake Equation which is a way of speculating how many civilizations there are in the universe .
And the Hubble Deep Field shows us really how big our universe is .
But still to this date we have n't found any life out there .
The Wow !
Signal is the closest SETI has ever got .
Because of the sheer size of the universe , and the fact that we 've managed to evolve to such a point without getting wiped out , we can take the first point - that all life will be wiped out before it is technologically mature - to be false .
Would we run computer simulations of minds ?
If we now assume that there are technologically advanced civilizations with the technology to simulate life , we now have to ask whether they would .
This could happen for ethical or scientific reasons .
Perhaps civilizations would not be interested in running a simulation of life .
But would they really have become so advanced if they lacked the scientific curiosity ?
Would technologically advanced civilizations have a moral objection to creating simulations of life ?
At the moment - as a civilization - we have n't reached the point where we are sophisticated enough technologically to simulate a universe in a computer .
If we look back 25 years to the BBC Micro or even further to the days before personal computers , we see how far computers have come in a short space of time .
In a few decades time , it is perfectly feasible that we 'll be able to build a computer which could simulate a civilization .
Some analysts believe we 'll reach the technological singularity in 2045 when computers will surpass humans and become " conscious " .
Looking at our own world , we already see scientists modelling life and the world on computers .
We have gamers controlling their avatars on The Sims .
The upcoming game Spore takes it one step further .
And cloning and genetic modification are slowly becoming more accepted .
We 're already playing god .
When computers be sufficiently powerful , we 'll still be playing god .
There 's no reason to assume that other technologically advanced civilizations will behave any differently .
And even if such a thing was sanctioned , individuals or groups will still be able to find ways around such rules and control .
We can argue that if there are civilizations out there with the technological sophistication to simulate life in a computer then they will probably do so .
This means the second point - that all technologically mature civilizations will not be interested in running simulations - is incorrect .
So are we living in a simulation ?
The simulation argument says that if we take the previous two points to be false - the third is true .
Therefore , if we believe that there are technologically advanced civilizations out there with the technology to run a simulation of life , and that those civilizations are interested in running a simulation , we will almost definitely be living in a simulation .
It 's simply a matter of probability and statistics .
One computer simulating a universe would have to contain billions of organisms and each technologically advanced civilization will probably have many " Matrices " running simulations .
And each of these simulated worlds could have their own technologically advanced civilizations running simulations .
And inside those simulations , there could be more simulations .
Statistically , the vast majority of organisms will be living in a computer simulation ( by several powers ) .
How does this affect us ?
Whether we live in a computer simulation or not does n't really affect how we should live our lives .
The world is still going to the same - the same things make us happy and the same problems will still have to be solved .
Even if we 're not real , we perceive our world to be real .
This is similar to the brain in a vat thought experiment .
We can never be totally sure whether we are materialistically real .
We could be inside a computer simulation but we are still real in the sense that we have thoughts and feelings .
" If real is what you can feel , smell , taste and see , then ' real ' is simply signals interpreted by your brain . "
- Morpheus in The Matrix
More controversially , we could also link it back to religion and creation .
If we believe that we are almost definitely living in a computer simulation , we should ask " who built that simulation ? " and " why was it built ? " .
If we are indeed living in a computer simulation , then it reasons that the simulation was created by somebody - our " creator " .
The argument does n't tell us anything about why we are here .
Could we be part of a huge social or scientific experiment ?
In The Matrix , the human population is used as a energy source .
And there will be people who will see the simulation argument as a way to prove the existence of God .
Though it does suggest a omniscient and omnipotent creator it does n't say anything about such a creator .
Besides , would a creator create a whole universe of simulated organisms to worship him ?
" I think , therefore I am "
- René Descartes
Comments ?
You can leave your comments on my blog or on Digg .
Further Reading
See Also
khlo.co.uk
If true , this ought to be a scandal on par with Abu Ghraib .
But in the three years since Luis Padilla 's death , the Guardian reports that not a single American media outlet has spoken to his widow , and only the Dallas Morning News has given the case any coverage at all .
It 's certainly the first I 've heard of it , and I follow drug war stories pretty closely .
When federal agents knock on your door , chances are they 're not bringing you a Publisher 's Clearinghouse check .
Just ask San Antonio freelance journalist Bill Conroy : Federal agents visited his home and workplace trying to squeeze him for the source of a leaked Department of Homeland Security memo .
Conroy freelances investigative pieces about the drug war , border issues , and national security for Narco News , an online magazine covering Mexico and Central and South America .
He is also the editor of the San Antonio Business Journal , but his work for Narco News is unrelated .
. . .
According to Conroy 's lawyer , Ron Tonkin , a former assistant U.S. attorney specializing in drug cases , around 6 p.m. on May 23 , a man and woman identifying themselves as internal affairs agents with Immigration and Customs Enforcement visited Conroy 's home .
Conroy was still at work and his wife answered the door .
At the behest of Conroy 's wife , Agent Carlos Salazar gave her a phone number for Conroy to call him , then he and the unidentified agent left .
After receiving a call at work from his wife , Conroy phoned the number Salazar provided and left a voicemail , Tonkin said .
The Current called Salazar 's number several times over the course of four days , but no one answered , nor was there voicemail .
Salazar did n't call Conroy back , but the next day , he and a male agent showed up at the Business Journal .
Conroy escorted them to a conference room , where Salazar reportedly said , " I want to know your source " of a leaked , yet unclassified DHS memo that had been the centerpiece of one of Conroy 's Narco News stories .
Tonkin said Conroy refused to give up his source and told Salazar that if they planned on continuing to question him , he would record the conversation .
The agents left the conference room , reportedly asking Conroy , " Does your boss know you write for Narcosphere ? "
The agents then took Conroy 's boss into a conference room , where , according to Tonkin , he told them Conroy had done the work on his own time for another publication and there was nothing he could do for them .
" The agents would not do this on their own , " Conrad said , adding that in his experience as a supervisor , " we could not interview a reporter especially about sources or anything they had written without Washington approval , including the Department of Justice . "
Tonkin and Conrad speculated that the visits were " payback " for Conroy 's stories that were embarrassing to U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Texas Johnny Sutton .
On April 1 , Conroy reported on an alleged cover - up regarding ICE agents who were reportedly protecting a criminal informant accused of multiple drug- related murders in Ciudad Juárez .
The case fell under Sutton 's jurisdiction .
I want to follow - up on the post from yesterday regarding the complicity of Homeland Security and Justice Department officials -- including several very high level administration officials -- in the multiple murders committed by one of their paid informants .
Radley Balko has some observations about this story here and here Added to the facts from yesterday is this letter ( . pdf ) from the DEA 's Sandy Gonazlez ( the now - fired whistleblower and former Agent in Charge of the DEA's El Paso Office ) to the El Paso Director of Homeland Security 's ICE .
That letter provides even greater detail and documentation as to the extent not only of the DOJ and Homeland Security 's knowledge of the multiple murders committed by their paid informant , but , worse still , their efforts to actively shield the murderer from prosecution and to prevent the Mexican Government from arresting him and his associates for these murders .
Beyond that , this article from The San Antonio Current ( h/t sysprog ) details the attempts by the U.S. Attorney in Texas who played a central role in all of this -- George Bush and Alberto Gonzales associate Johnny Sutton -- to intimidate and threaten the independent journalist from Narco News who obtained the DEA memorandum which brought all of this to light :
As is always true for the Bush administration , they are not interested in investigating severe government wrongdoing .
But they are very vigilant about investigating -- and trying to ferret out and punish -- those who bring the wrongdoing to light ( the classic case being their eagerness to punish the whistleblowers and journalists who informed Americans that the President was illegally eavesdropping on them , while doing everything possible to protect the lawbreakers themselves ) .
The context of this " visit " by federal agents to Conroy 's home and office , as well as the accompanying threats issued to him , must be emphasized : the story which Conroy had reported on for Narco News involved the complicity in multiple murders on the part of federal DHS agents as well as the U.S. attorney who sent the agents to Conroy 's home and business .
Under the circumstances , receiving a " visit " to one 's home and business by federal agents sent by the Bush associate at the heart of this matter would be seen by any reasonable person as quite intimidating , just as intended .
The specific DHS memo which the agents claimed to be interested in was a DHS memo obtained by Conroy in which " ICE supervisors were ordered to purge terrorism records from the computer system and reclassify them as unrelated to terrorism . "
That order , by itself , seems corrupt on its face : " Mark Conrad , a retired supervisory special agent with U.S. Customs , told the Current that this order contradicts any protocol he knew of while an agent and violates federal law .
" But there is little doubt that this unbelievably threatening behavior towards this reporter was motivated by the reporter 's exposure of the complicity of ICE and Sutton 's office in the Lalo murders : Ordinarily -- meaning when our Republic works the way it is supposed to -- grave misconduct of this sort is investigated by Congress , which has as one of its principal functions the duty of oversight .
It is the responsibility of Congress -- and , really , only Congress can fulfill the responsibility -- to ensure that the vast law enforcement powers under the control of the Executive branch [ in order ( theoretically ) to execute our laws ] are not abused .
But , needless to say , our Republic has n't been functioning the way it is supposed to , in large part because the Congress has been ruled by authoritarian followers of the President who believe that the Leader does not err .
Therefore -- outside of Narco News and a couple of isolated , ignored reporters -- nothing relating to any of these events has been investigated , neither by the media nor the Congress .
And that is really as pure of a microcosm of the last five years as anything I can think of .
There just must be a Congressional investigation into this entire matter .
The extent of wrongdoing here is staggering .
It would be one thing if it were just some rogue law enforcement officers engaging in excessive , criminal and / or violent behavior .
By itself , that would compel all sorts of investigations and corrective actions , but that would be a more commonplace outrage .
This case goes far beyond that .
Agents of our government worked with , paid and recorded a serial murderer who repeatedly tortured and slaughtered people with the knowledge of high - level DOJ and DHS officials .
The 30 - year DEA agent in charge of the El Paso office who complained about this and brought it to light was threatened and then fired .
The independent reporter who reported on it was harassed , intimidated and threatened by agents who , with pure malice , went to his boss in an unrelated job in order to disclose information about him that they thought would be damaging , if not get him fired -- all done to force the reporter to disclose his sources .
This is lawless , thug behavior of the most extreme type .
And it resulted in the deaths of numerous people , including the brutal torture and murder of a completely innocent life - long resident of the United States ( and husband and father of three ) , and at least 12 Mexicans , including at least some who were completely innocent of wrongdoing .
Homeland Security 's conduct also came close to resulting in the slaughter of a DEA agent and his wife and daughters .
And those who objected and tried to bring all of this to light were threatened , intimidated and punished .
And all of it was done with the knowledge and consent of very high - ranking Homeland Security and Justice Department officials -- possibly including the Attorney General and others -- with at least the partial intent to protect a close associate of the President and Alberto Gonzales , an individual who continues to serve as a U.S. Attorney today .
And the still - serving DEA administration herself appears to have actively sought to punish the DEA whistleblower .
I believe ( without being certain ) that it is the House Judiciary Committee ( Chairman John Conyers ) , and specifically the Subcommittee on Immigration , Border Reform , and Claims , which has oversight responsibilities for ICE .
In the Senate , it would seem that oversight responsibility is within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs ( Chairman Joe Lieberman ) , and specifically the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations .
I 'm sure other Committees and Subcommittees have overlapping jursidiction as well .
I think some sort of campaign is in order to demand a Congressional investigation into all of these events .
It is a modest and focused enough objective such that an effectively designed campaign could succeed .
I would think all that would be necessary is to find one new Chair of a House or Senate Subcommittee with some possible jurisdiction who would find this matter worthy of investigation .
That should n't be too difficult .
As I said yesterday , the primary reason that this is all so worth investigating ( beyond the heinous conduct that drove all of this ) is because ( a ) the sheer lawlessness and thugishness is how the administration operates generally , ( b ) it involves political officials at very high levels of the administration , and ( c ) it removes terrorism manipulation and national security excuses from the equation .
And all of the issues here -- political , legal and moral -- are very straightforward and clear .
Our Government really should n't be standing idly by and , worse , paying , actively protecting and assisting a homicidal psychopath while he continues with his torture and killing spree ( that he records with our Government 's equipment ) .
Nor should it threaten and intimidate career DEA agents and investigative journalists who object all because high - level administration officials were directly responsible for the misconduct .
Pervasive , systematic criminality plagues our federal government .
Investigating this most egregious matter seems to be a manageable and modest way -- not to mention , for Democrats , a politically risk - free way -- to expose and punish at least some of it .
We ’ve tried to figure out what is it that stops people from creating their own websites .
Was it a lack of ideas ?
Or maybe “ creating a website ” sounds like a lot of work ?
Probably it was the fact that a lot of people still believe that they need coding skills to do it .
Or was it the price ?
AwardSpace decided to look for the answer at the only place where such could be valid , and truthful .
We asked you – our customers .
The people to whom we owe everything we are .
You told us that the biggest obstacle was the lack of knowledge .
We heard you .
Now , AwardSpace , on top of the other Hosting Services , has WordPress Tutorials and WordPress Hosting Solution .
Also , we have a rich knowledge base , that will answer the questions to anyone curious enough to look for them .
For everyone else , we have a magnificent technical support team , ready to remove any obstacle between you , and your website ’s success .
We , of course , still offer Free Web Hosting which you can use as a sandbox , or to launch your business idea ’s website , start your first blog , or learn the ins and outs of the web .
All that at no costs .
We will continue to better its services because we want you to have everything you need .
AwardSpace is the place Where Ideas Turn Into Websites .
It is time to create yours .
Welcome on board !
Pikavippi 19 vuotiaalle voi tuntua vaikealta saada enään 2018 , ja mutta kun tietää mistä katsoa niin sitä on aivan mahdollista saada melko helpostikkin .
Tähän artikkeliin olemmekin listanneet kaikki 19 v tarjolla olevat pikavipit ja nettilainat .
Katso vertailu , ja hae parhaiten itsellesi sopiva laina vaikka jo tänään !
Pikavippi 19 v netistä
Nykyään on melkein yleisintä , että nettilainoissa vaaditaan vähintään 20 vuoden ikärajaa .
Ikäraja 19 v ja samaten myös 18 v ovat selvästi harvinaisempia , mutta niitä on tarjolla tällä hetkellä noin 10 eri lainapalvelusta .
Kuitenkin kun yhteensä näitä paikkoja on lähemmäs 100 erilaista , tarkoittaisi tämä kovaa etsintä ja niiden läpi selaamista .
Koska halusimme kuitenkin estää sinua joutumasta tekemään tätä itse , olemme tehneet lainavertailun puolestasi ja listanneet kaikki pikavipit 19 vuotiaille tähän yhteen artikkeliin !
Näiden lainojen vertaileminen ei olekkaan koskaan ollut helpompaa .
Onko pikavipi﻿﻿﻿n hakeminen netistä sitten helppo homma ?
Kyllä ja ei , riippuu siitä mistä sen haet ja tiedätkö hyvin mistä niitä saadaan .
Pikavippi 19 v 2018 on vielä melko helppo saada , mutta nähtäväksi jää laskeeko vai kasvaako näiden määrä jatkossa .
Kun katselee listaa uusista lainoista , niin vaikutta että trendinä on enemmän siirtyminen yhä korkeampia ikärajoja , joka lupaisi huonoa näille nuorten lainoille .
Ja totta onkin , että sitten vuoden 2016 ja 2017 trendi on ollut laskeva , ja saattaa jatkaa samaa linjaa myös tulevaisuudessa .
Lainaa 19 vuotiaalle työttömälle voi olla lähes mahdoton saada , ja muutenkin tämän ikäisillä kannattaa olla melko hyvät edut mitä he voivat esittää kun hakevat lainaa .
Kriteerit ovat monesti nimittäin kovemmat .
Toinen heikkous voi olla myös se , että lainasummat ovat paljon rajallisemmat kuin pari vuotta vanhemmilla .
2000 euroon asti nyt saa vielä helposti lainaa , mtuta sitä suurempia summia ei 19 - vuotiaille oikein ole tarjolla .
Ja 2000 euroonkin pitää löytyä jo aika hyvät puoltavat asiat , kuten työtilanne tai omat säästöt .
Kovin helposti ei näin suuria lainoja enään saa , varsinkaan jos hakee hiemankaan pidempää maksuaikaa .​
Moni 19 v lainaaja joutuukin hieman laskemaan kriteereitään , jos haluaa onnistuneesti netistä lainaa tässä iässä saada .
Toivoa ei kuitenkaan missään nimessä kannata heittää romukoppaan , sillä mahdollisuus lainan saamiseen on kyllä , ja kunhan lainaa ei tarvita kauhean isoja summia , voi tälläistä pikalainaa saada netin kautta melko helposti .
Tämä tietenkin vaatii kuitenkin sen , että tiedät mistä näitä vippejä saa , ja kun luet tämän vertailun , ei tämän pitäisi enään sinulle olla ongelmana . ​
Pikalaina , pikaluotto , kulutusluotto vai joustoluotto ?
Kuten ehkä jo tiedätkin , ei pikalainat tai vipit ole enään ainoita lainatuotteita mitä netistä voi helposti saada .
Niiden rinnalle ovat nousseet erityisesti pikaluotot , kulutusluotot ja joustoluotot .
Ovatko nämä sitten parempia kuin jo ehkä hieman vanhakantaiset pikavipit ?
No sekin riippuu tarpeesta , niin kuin niin moni asia elämässä yleensä .
Ongelmana näille tämän artikkelin näkökulmasta voitaisiin sanoa se , että erityisesti kulutusluotto 19 v voi olla todellakin vaikea saada , eikä se sovi kaikille .
Yleensä näissä luotoissa on kuitenkin ikärajana vähintään 20 v , ja aika usein jopa tätäkin korkeampi .
Ja syynä on erityisesti se , että näissä lainataaan yleensä useampia tuhansia euroja rahaa tilille .
Joustoluotto 19 v on helpompi saada , mutta siinä on taas toinen ongelma .
Nimittäin 19 vuotiaille tarjottavat joustoluotot ovat pääsääntöisesti sen verran huonoja , että niitä on aika vaikea suositella .
Esimerkiksi Lainaston joustoluotto on todella kallis , varsinkin jos vertaa kyseisen yrityksen pieneen pikalainaan . ​
Yleistyksenä voimmekin valitettavasti sanoa , että joustoluottoja ei oikein kannata hakea ennen kuin ikää on vähintään 20 vuotta .
Tätä nuoremmilla yleensä parhaat lainat ovat melko pienet pikavipit , joissa kustannukset eivät vielä nouse niin korkeiksi .
Pikaluotto 19 v taas tarkoittaa sitten yleensä samaa asiaa kuin normaalit pikalainat ja vipit , joten niistä ei tässä sen vertaa enempää tarvitse puhua .
Nämä lainapalvelut löydät jo yläpuolelta löytyvästä vippivertailusta .​
Kuka voi saada pikavipin ?
Pikavippi 19 vuotiaalle vaatii yleisesti samoja ehtoja kuin normaalit vipit , lukuunottamatta tietenkin tiukempaa ikärajaa .
Näitä ovat yleisesti mm. seuraavat :
Ikää siis vähintään se 19 vuotta
Joko suomenkansalaisuus tai vakituinen asuinpaikka Suomessa vähintään 6 tai 12 kk ( Tämä vaihtelee lainapaikkojen välillä )
Maksuhäiriömerkintöjä ei saa olla , ja tämä estääkin lainaamisen kokonaan jos näitä on jo syystä tai toisesta tullut .
Verkkopankkitunnukset pitäisi myös omata , ja vielä omalla nimellä .
Näitä käytetään lainapaikoissa tunnistautumiseen .
Joissakin firmoissa pitää myös omistaa kännykkäliittymä joka on rekisteröity omalle nimelle .
Tämä on kuitenkin harvinaisempaa !
Nämä voitaisiin sanoa olevan ne yleiset ehdot , jotka pätevät lähes jokaisessa lainapalvelussa .
Moni vaatii myös todisteita tuloista , mutta joitakin pieniä lainoja voi saada ilman liitteitä tai niiden lähettämistä .
Yleensä kuitenkin jos lainataan yli 400 euroa , niin vaaditaan myös tulotositetta tai vastaavaa palkkakuittia , joka osoittaa että tuloja lainan takaisinmaksuun myös löytyy .
Tämäkin vaihtelee aika paljon , ja joistakin paikoista on mahdolllista saada pikavippi 19 vuotiaalle työttömälle .
Näitä ovat mm .
Bluefinance ja Lainasto .
Top 10 Useful Opera Widgets
1. Widget for helping users to deal with BB - codes on different forums and / or blogs .
2. Torrent file searcher .
3. A Currency Converter that fetches exchange rates from the International Monetary Fund .
4 .
Live weather from all across the globe !
Just search for your town name - data gets retrieved and updated automatically from Accuweather.com .
5. Allows you to choose between BabelFish and Google Translations , results show within the widget itself so no opening a tab to see the results .
6 . With this little tool you can create your own newsfeed widgets easier and quicker .
To create a widget , simply paste a website address and click " Create Widget " button .
If the website has a newsfeed , in a few seconds you will have your own widget showing news from this website !
This widget uses Widgetize !
Opera service .
7 .
If you dont want to make widget news by hand , you can install any other .
This is good one .
A BBC News Reader including the International and UK Edition .
8. Need make a call after 10 min?
A simple countdown timer .
Simply enter the number of minutes and seconds to count down and press the button to start .
Widget flashes when countdown is complete .
9 .
Here must be Clock or what you need widget .
Go on Clock and take one for yourself :)
Or may be you need Calendar .
Or Calculator 10 .
One of the best game .
Circular Tetris ( or Torus ) .
Complete a ring to clear the row .
Optical Ilusions
Be sure the check out the illusion background image .
See about 17 pictures of optical illusions , from weird tattoos to free desktop wallpaper optical illusion , fun free 3d optical illusions pictures .
Enjoy & have fun with optical illusions .
Click on the images to select or unselect images you want to average together and click on the “ View Average ” button to see the average of the images with red borders .
These images are available open access ( CC - BY - 4.0 ) at : DeBruine , Lisa & Jones , Benedict ( 2017 ) .
Face Research Lab London Set. figshare .
doi : 10.6084/m9.figshare.5047666.v3 .
The neutral front images have webmorph templates , so you can morph or transform them .
This image is copyright the Face Research Lab .
You may use this image for non-commercial purposes only .
If you wish to use this image for research , please refer to our ethical requirements .
Averages may take a few seconds to display .
The more images in an average , the longer the average takes to make .
All of your averages will be displayed below .
Learn about scientific research on facial averageness or view a gallery of the latest averages made by our users .
Average faces are deleted after 10 minutes , so please do not link to your creation .
Username Password
href
$ Id : index.ja.rhtml , v 1.2 2006/05/31 17:48:17 aamine Exp $
href はコマンドラインか ら Haskell の リファレンスマニュアルを検索するツールです。 日本語のリファレンスマニュアル自体も同梱されています。
ダウンロー ド
実行例
引数なしだとドキュメントの存在するモジュールを表示します。
$ href Control .
Exception Control .
Monad Data .
Char Data .
List Data .
Maybe Data.
Tuple System .Directory System .
Environment System .IO
Text .
Regex
引数が一つのときは、先頭が大文字ならモジュール、
小文字なら関数とみなして補完検索します。
$ href fold # fold で始まる関数を検 索
Data.List.foldl Data.List.foldl1 Data.List.foldr Data.List.foldr1 $ href map # 関数 map の検索 Data .
List.map map :: ( a -> b ) -> [ a ] -> [ b ]
PRELUDE map f xs リスト xs の各要素を f によって写像したリストを返す。 map ( +2 ) [ 1,2,3 ] = [ 3,4,5 ] $ href data .
Data .
Char Data .
List Data .
Maybe Data .
Tuple $ href data.
list ---- module Data .
List !! ++ \\ all and any break concat concatMap cycle delete deleteBy deleteFirsts
By drop dropWhile elem elemIndex elemIndices filter find findIndex findIndices foldl foldl1 foldr foldr1 genericDrop genericIndex genericLength genericReplicate genericSplitAt genericTake group groupBy head init inits insert insertBy intersect intersectBy intersperse is PrefixOf isSuffixOf iterate last length lines lookup map mapAccumL mapAccumR maximum maximumBy minimum minimumBy notElem nub nubBy null or partition product repeat replicate reverse scanl scanl1 scanr scanr1 sort sortBy span splitAt sum tail tails take takeWhile transpose unfoldr union unionBy unlines unwords unzip unzip3 unzip4 unzip5 unzip6 unzip7 words zip zip3 zip4 zip5 zip6 zip7 zipWith zipWith3 zipWith4 zipWith5 zipWith6 zipWith7
引数が二つのときはモジュール名と関数名だとみなします。
$ href data.l cy Data.List.cycle cycle :: [ a ] -> [ a ]
PRELUDE cycle xs リスト xs の最初と最後をつなげ環状にしたリストを返す。 ( 以下略 )
ライセン ス
GNU LGPL version 2.1 です。 詳しくはパッケージに同梱されている COPYING を参照してください 。
ANN ARBOR , Mich . --
Back when he was 20 years old in 1965 , rock star Pete Townshend wrote the line " I hope I die before I get old " into a song , " My Generation " that launched his band , the Who , onto the rock ' n ' roll scene .
But a unique new study suggests that Townshend may have fallen victim to a common , and mistaken , belief :
That the happiest days of people 's lives occur when they 're young .
In fact , the study finds , both young people and older people think that young people are happier than older people -- when in fact research has shown the opposite .
And while both older and younger adults tend to equate old age with unhappiness for other people , individuals tend to think they 'll be happier than most in their old age .
In other words , the young Pete Townshend may have thought others of his generation would be miserable in old age .
And now that he 's 61 , he might look back and think he himself was happier back then .
But the opposite is likely to be true :
Older people " mis-remember " how happy they were as youths , just as youths " mis-predict " how happy ( or unhappy ) they will be as they age .
The study , performed by VA Ann Arbor Healthcare System and University of Michigan researchers , involved more than 540 adults who were either between the ages of 21 and 40 , or over age 60 .
All were asked to rate or predict their own individual happiness at their current age , at age 30 and at age 70 , and also to judge how happy most people are at those ages .
The results are published in the June issue of the Journal of Happiness Studies , a major research journal in the field of positive psychology .
" Overall , people got it wrong , believing that most people become less happy as they age , when in fact this study and others have shown that people tend to become happier over time , " says lead author Heather Lacey , Ph.D. , a VA postdoctoral fellow and member of the U - M Medical School 's Center for Behavioral and Decision Sciences in Medicine .
" Not only do younger people believe that older people are less happy , but older people believe they and others must have been happier ' back then ' .
Neither belief is accurate . "
The findings have implications for understanding young people 's decisions about habits -- such as smoking or saving money -- that might affect their health or finances later in life .
They also may help explain the fear of aging that drives middle - aged people to " midlife crisis " behavior in a vain attempt to slow their own aging .
Stereotypes about aging abound in our society , Lacey says , and affect the way older people are treated as well as the public policies that affect them .
That 's why research on the beliefs that fuel those one - size - fits - all depictions of older people is important , she explains .
The study is one of the first ever to examine the ability of individuals to remember or predict happiness over the lifespan .
Most studies of happiness have focused on people with chronic illness , disabilities or other major life challenges , or have taken " snapshots " of current happiness among older people .
The senior author of the new paper , Peter Ubel , M.D. , has conducted several of these studies , and has found that ill people are often surprisingly happy , sometimes just as happy as healthy people .
This suggests an adaptability or resilience in the face of their medical problems .
Ubel is the director of the Center for Behavioral and Decision Sciences in Medicine , an advisor to the RWJ Clinical Scholars Program , and author of You 're Stronger Than You Think : Tapping the Secrets of Emotionally Resilient People ( McGraw - Hill , 2006 ) .
" People often believe that happiness is a matter of circumstance , that if something good happens , they will experience long - lasting happiness , or if something bad happens , they will experience long - term misery , " he says .
" But instead , people 's happiness results more from their underlying emotional resources -- resources that appear to grow with age .
People get better at managing life 's ups and downs , and the result is that as they age , they become happier -- even though their objective circumstances , such as their health , decline . "
Lacey adds , " It 's not that people overestimate their happiness , but rather that they learn how to value life from adversities like being sick .
What the sick learn from being sick , the rest of us come to over time . "
The new study , she explains , sprang from a desire to see whether the experience that comes with advancing age affects attitudes and predictions about aging .
The study was done using an online survey with six questions , asked in four different orders to reduce bias .
The participants were part of large group of individuals who had previously volunteered to take online surveys , and chose to respond to the U - M / VA inquiry .
The two age groups were about equally divided between men and women .
About 35 percent of the younger group 's members were from ethnic minority groups , compared with 24 percent of the older group 's members .
Each participant was asked to rate his or her own current level of happiness on a scale of 1 to 10 , and also to rate on that same scale how happy an average person of their age would be .
Each participant was also asked to remember or predict ( depending on their age ) their level of happiness at age 30 and at age 70 , again on a scale of 1 to 10 .
They were also asked to guess the happiness of the average person at each of those ages .
To make sure that their online survey methodology did n't skew the results by including an atypical group of older people , the researchers compare the older group 's happiness self - ratings with those from self - ratings collected in other ways from people of the same age range .
They matched .
In all , a statistical analysis of the results show , people in the older group reported a current level of happiness for themselves that was significantly higher than the self - rating made by the younger group 's members .
And yet , participants of all ages thought that the average 30 - year - old would be happier than the average 70 - year - old , and that happiness would decline with age .
Interestingly , the younger people in the study predicted that they themselves would be about as happy at age 70 as they were in younger years , though they said that others their own age would probably get less happy over time .
And the older people in the study tended to think that they'd be happier at older ages than other people would be .
This tendency to think of oneself as " above average " has been seen in other studies of everything from driving ability to intelligence , Lacey says .
This bias may combine with negative attitudes about aging to help explain the study 's findings , she notes .
Further analysis of the study data will examine the impact of individuals ' core beliefs on their predictions and memory of happiness .
Since completing the study , the researchers have gone back to study people between the ages of 40 and 60 , and hope to present those data soon .
They also plan to study how beliefs about happiness in young and old age influence people 's retirement planning and health care decision making .
###
In addition to Lacey and Ubel , the study was co-authored by Dylan Smith , Ph.D. , a research investigator at the CDBSM .
The center 's web site is www.cbdsm.org.
The study was funded by the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development , and by the Department of Veterans Affairs .
Reference : Journal of Happiness Studies , June 2006 Vol 7 , Issue 2 .
Dink 's murder triggered outrage and grief across Turkey
At first when an investigation was launched against me for insulting Turkishness I did not feel troubled .
This was not the first time ...
I had complete trust in what I 'd written and what my intentions had been .
Once the prosecutor had the chance to evaluate the text of my editorial as a whole , not that single sentence which made no sense by itself , he would understand that I had no intention of " insulting Turkishness " and this comedy would come to an end .
I was sure of myself .
But surprise !
A lawsuit was filed ...
In covering every hearing the newspapers , editorials and television programmes all referred to how I had said that " the blood of the Turk is poisonous " .
I may see myself as frightened as a pigeon , but I know that in this country people do not touch pigeons
In the corridors of the courthouse , the fascists physically attacked me with racist curses .
They bombarded me with insults .
Hundreds of threats hailed down for months by phone , email and post - increasing all the time .
I persevered through all this with patience awaiting the decision that would acquit me .
Then the truth would prevail and all those people would be ashamed of what they had done .
' False information '
My only weapon was my sincerity .
But when the decision came out my hopes were crushed .
From then on , I was in the most distressed situation a person could possibly be in .
The memory of my computer is filled with angry , threatening lines sent by citizens
In my understanding , the denigration of a person on the basis of any difference - ethnic or religious - is racism , and there was no way this could ever be forgiven ...
Those who tried to single me out and weaken me have succeeded .
With the false information they oozed into society , they created a significant segment of the population who view Hrant Dink as someone who " insults Turkishness " .
The memory of my computer is filled with angry , threatening lines sent by citizens from this sector ...
How real are these threats ?
To be honest , it is impossible for me to know for sure .
What is truly threatening and unbearable for me is the psychological torture I place myself in .
The question that really gets to me , is : ' What are these people thinking about me ? '
Unfortunately I am now better - known than before and I feel people looking at me , thinking : ' Oh , look , is n't he that Armenian guy ? '
I am just like a pigeon , equally obsessed by what goes - on on my left and right , front and back .
My head is just as mobile and fast .
' Heaven and hell
What did Foreign Minister Gul say ?
Or Justice Minister Cicek ?
' There is no need to exaggerate about Article 301 ( on insulting Turkishness ) .
Has anyone actually been put in prison ?'
As if going to prison was the only way to pay the price .
This is the price .
This is the price .
2007 will probably be an even harder year for me
What my family and I have been through has not been easy .
I have considered leaving this country at times ...
But leaving a ' boiling hell ' to run to a ' heaven ' is not for me .
I wanted to turn this hell into heaven .
We stayed in Turkey because that was what we wanted - and out of respect for the thousands of people here who supported me in my fight for democracy ...
I am now applying to the European Court of Human Rights .
I do n't know how long the case will take , but what I do know is that I will continue living here in Turkey until the case is finalised .
And if the court rules in my favour I will be very happy and will never have to leave my country .
2007 will probably be an even harder year for me .
The court cases will continue , new ones will be initiated and God knows what kind of additional injustices I will have to face .
I may see myself as frightened as a pigeon , but I know that in this country people do not touch pigeons .
Pigeons can live in cities , even in crowds .
A little scared perhaps , but free .
Blake ’s vision vs. “ Newton ’s sleep , ” or ... Would William Blake and Albert Einstein have been pals had they had a chance to meet ?
By Joseph Smigelski“ I know of no other Christianity and of no other Gospel than the liberty both of body and mind to exercise the Divine Arts of Imagination .
”-- William Blake “ I believe in Spinoza 's
God who reveals himself in the orderly harmony of what exists , not in a God who concerns himself with fates and actions of human beings .
”-- Albert EinsteinThere is a great divide in this country where none should be .
I ’m talking about the perceived rift between science and religion .
Many people believe that you are either on one side or the other .
But it ’s a misconception that sides even exist .
There ’s no real conflict , just one manufactured by manipulative ideologues who have a stake in perpetuating the division .
Science and religion could peacefully coexist if people would try to understand both more fully .
George W. Bush , for instance , caters to Evangelical Christians and consistently misuses scientific data because he is afraid of losing support from the fundamentalist Religious Right .
It fits his agenda to perpetuate an artificial split between science and religion .
But the Book of Genesis can coexist with the Big Bang Theory .
Religious ideas often affect the scientific mind and vice versa .
The famous French paleontologist Pierre Teilhard de Chardin was a Catholic priest .
Albert Einstein was a philosopher , as well as a scientist , who based much of his thinking on the premise that God would not “ play dice with the universe .
”
In the Beginning The origin of the universe has been of keen interest to mankind since time immemorial .
Who has n’t gazed up at the night sky and wondered at the innumerable shining specks in the immense blackness ?
Where did it all come from ?
And how did we human beings come to be ?
The author(s ) of the Book of Genesis pondered these questions , and the answer postulated was that “ In the beginning , God created the heaven and the earth . ”
It was a simple and , for its time , a reasonable and satisfying explanation .
Even today , it probably stands as the most comprehensible answer for most people .
How many of us can approach a real understanding of the theories of modern cosmogony such as vacuum genesis and quantum genesis ?
Even for many scientists , the question of the origin of the universe is too much to take on .
The astronomer Allan Sandage said in 1985 , If there was a creation event , it had to have had a cause .
This was Aquinas ’s whole question , one of the five ways he established the existence of God .
If you can find the first effect , you have at least come close to the first cause , and if you find the first cause , that to him was God .
What do astronomers say ?
As astronomers you ca n’t say anything except that here is a miracle , what seems almost supernatural , an event which has come across the horizon into science , through the big bang .
Can you go the other way , back outside the barrier and finally find the answer to the question of why there is something rather than nothing ?
No , you cannot , not within science .
But it still remains an incredible mystery :
Why is there something instead of nothing ?
Can we figure out the origin of the universe ?
According to Sandage , not within science .
This is where William Blake comes in .
“ Did he who made the Lamb make thee ? ”
Can man ’s power of reason answer that question ?
Blake doubted it .
He saw reason as a limitation on the mind --“ Newton ’s sleep . ”
Truth lies in the imagination , the power of vision ; and the imagination comes up with a Creator .
As Voltaire once said , “ If God did n’t exist , Man would have to invent Him . ” Reason vs. ImaginationReason vs. Imagination , head vs. heart , body vs. mind , flesh vs. soul : why the dichotomies ?
Why the separation of the temporal from the ethereal ?
Blake thought that such division was wrong .
The body and the mind are not separate entities , but a complex gestalt of neurological impulses and sensory reactions all brought to life perhaps by the breath of God .
Blake calls this marvelous phenomenon “ the Human Form Divine . ”
Because the senses are as divine in nature as is the soul , they are not to be thwarted by reason .
When we impede the senses through an exaggerated “ reasonable ” emphasis on abstinence , for instance , the result is frustration , anger , and turmoil .
According to Blake , the universe defined by reason is bleak , mechanical , “ divided and measured , ” burdened with iron laws .
On the other hand , the universe created by the imagination is human in aspect .
By depending too much on reason , at the expense of emotion and imagination , mankind binds itself in “ the Net of Religion ” :
And their children wept , and builtTombs in the desolate places , And formed laws of prudence , and called themThe eternal laws of God .
Laws of prudence .
We know what Blake thought of prudence from reading his Proverbs of Hell : “ Prudence is a rich ugly old maid courted by Incapacity . ”
Man forges his own chains when he creates his law - giving God .
To melt those chains , man must look within himself , into the fires burning in his own divine body and soul .
By trying to understand God with our intellect , with our reason , we separate the concept of God from the concept of man : we limit our chances of discovering God within ourselves .
Creation vs. Evolution
The question of the relationship between God and man is entwined with the questions surrounding man ’s origin .
Even today , 79 years after Clarence Darrow battled William Jennings Bryan in the famous Monkey Trial , a seemingly never ending debate rages in our courts and in our schools over whether we should believe the Book of Genesis or Charles Darwin .
Did God create man , or did man create God in order to explain the unexplainable ?
Or are both of these ideas correct ?
Many of us seem to need the concept of an ultimate Creator to shield us from the mind - boggling conundrum of our existence .
In an essay titled “ The Creation Myths of Cooperstown , ” the renowned scientist Stephen Jay Gould wrote , Stories about beginnings come in only two basic modes .
An entity either has an explicit point of origin , a specific time and place of creation , or else it evolves and has no definable moment of entry into the world .
Baseball provides an interesting example of this contrast because we know the answer and can judge received wisdom by the two chief criteria , often opposed , of external fact and internal hope .
Baseball evolved from a plethora of previous stick - and - ball games .
It has no true Cooperstown and no Doubleday .
Yet we seem to prefer the alternative model of origin by a moment of creation [ my emphasis ] ....
Scientists often lament that so few people understand Darwin and the principles of biological evolution .
But the problem goes deeper .
Too few people are comfortable with evolutionary modes of explanation in any form ....
One reason must reside in our social and psychic attraction to creation myths in preference to evolutionary stories — for creation myths ... identify heroes and sacred places , while evolutionary stories provide no palpable , particular thing as a symbol for reverence , worship , or patriotism .
The concept of evolution is both challenging and disturbing .
Could the origin of our universe possibly be the result of a long series of events that were chaotic or governed by chance ?
Many people find such an idea shocking .
It ’s much more pleasant and reassuring to believe that God handled the entire job in six days .
Yet the concept of evolution is infinitely richer and more expansive .
It is much more wondrous to view the vast complex array of all that exists in the universe as a continually developing marvel which began eons ago as an infinitely simpler system than to bind oneself to the belief that God simply snapped his fingers and , presto , here we are .
The creation myth is limiting because , through it , man views himself as a creature subservient to God , instead of realizing that God is within the breast of man and is the life force that infuses all of existence .
Nietzsche had to say that God was dead in order to impel us to realize the true depth of our humanity .
Blake illustrates the emotional contrasts born of the two profoundly different concepts of origin in The Book of Urizen .
( “ Urizen ” can be read and interpreted as “ your reason . ” )
The creation myth : Lo , a shadow of horror is risenIn Eternity !
Unknown , unprolific !
Self - closed , all - repelling : what DemonHath formed this abominable void , This soul - shuddering vacuum ?
— Some said “ It is Urizen , ” but unknown , abstracted Brooding secret , the dark power hid .
Times on times he divided , and measured Space by space in his ninefold darknessUnseen , unknown !
Changes appeared
In his desolate mountains rifted furiousBy the black winds of perturbation .
Urizen divides creation , categorizes it , tries to contain the energy in perfect circles , as Blake depicts in his painting The Ancient of Days ( see the image at the top of this article ) .
But to categorize something is to put limits on it .
If something is strictly defined , it can be nothing beyond the boundaries of that definition :
One command , one joy , one desire , One curse , one weight , one measure , One King , one God , one Law .
Evolution is messier , but infinitely more expansive , and endlessly full of potential for growth :
The serpent grew , casting its scales , With sharp pangs the hissings beganTo change to a grating cry .
Many sorrows and dismal throes , Many forms of fish , bird , and beastBrought forth an Infant formWhere was a worm before .
One can interpret Blake as an early champion of the theory of evolution !
Blake a Harbinger of RelativityHe can also be viewed as a harbinger of the other great scientific principle of our age , Einstein ’s Theory of Relativity .
The following lines from Blake ’s Jerusalem certainly surprised me the first time I saw them :
If Perceptive Organs vary , Objects of Perception seem to vary :
If the Perceptive Organs close , their Objects seem to close also .
Blake questioned the possibility of true objectivity .
Modern scientists agree with him ; they know that the very act of observing something influences the thing observed .
In a letter to his friend Thomas Butts , Blake included a poem that ended with these lines :
Now I a fourfold vision see , And a fourfold vision is given to me .
Tis fourfold in my supreme delightAnd threefold in soft Beulah ’s nightAnd twofold Always .
May God us keep From Single vision and Newton ’s sleep .
“ Newton ’s sleep ” has been defined as “ the preference of a mechanical view of the universe over a spiritual view . ”
But I have to be fair to Sir Isaac .
He was aware that his scientific ideas might not have been all encompassing .
He once wrote , To myself I seem to have been only a little boy playing on the seashore , and diverting myself in now and then finding a smoother pebble or a smoother shell than ordinary , while the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me .
It seems also that Newton was not completely the hard and fast , nuts and bolts rationalist that we often imagine .
Some years ago , very interesting and shocking material was found in a trunk full of Newton ’s papers .
According to author Timothy Ferris , the trunk contained “ notes on alchemy , biblical prophesy , and the reconstruction from Hebraic texts of the floor plan of the temple of Jerusalem , ” which Newton considered “ an emblem of the system of the world . ”
This discovery compelled John Maynard Keynes to say , “ Newton was not the first of the age of reason .
He was the last of the magicians .
” We really got our feet wet ( scientifically ) in the “ great ocean of truth ” when Albert Einstein published his Special Theory of Relativity in 1905 , seventy - eight years after the death of Blake .
However , Blake ’s “ fourfold vision ” could be interpreted as a prophetic notion of a multi-dimensional universe .
In our limited , plain , everyday three - dimensional world , Newton ’s laws of motion ( which gave rise to the Deists ’ conception of a clockwork universe ) still stand as valid .
His laws begin to fail to explain things when we delve into either the realm of the very small ( sub- atomic particles ) or the very large ( the vast dimensions of outer space , traveling at speeds approaching that of light , etc . ) .
Scientists today speak seriously of parallel universes , shadow matter , supersymmetry , and other concepts that might seem to the layman to belong more in the field of science fiction than science .
That Blake intuitively challenged the ultimate validity of Newton ’s laws is quite remarkable .
( I think that Blake would have gotten along quite nicely with Einstein who , by the way , firmly believed in God and also wrote poetry . )
Blake and Einstein IntuitiveBlake ’s intuitiveness is very interesting .
He seems to have somehow acquired knowledge from within himself that would have been impossible for him to gather from the world outside himself .
To understand this concept , consider the following passage from David Hume ’s Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding ( Section II , “ Of the Origin of Ideas ” ) , written in 1748 : Nothing , at first view , may seem more unbounded than the thought of man , which not only escapes all human power and authority , but is not even restrained within the limits of nature and reality ....
And while the body is confined to one planet , along which it creeps with pain and difficulty , the thought can in an instant transport us into the most distant regions of the universe , or even beyond the universe .
Einstein was intuitive also , as well as being an acute observer of the external world .
He did no physical experiments .
He arrived at his theories by using his mind , a piece of paper , and a pencil ( sometimes chalk and a blackboard ) .
Ideas often sprang into this head as sudden bursts of inspiration .
For example , his first insight into what he called “ the key to a deeper understanding ” of the equivalence of inertial and gravitational mass occurred in 1907 .
Einstein later referred to this as “ the happiest thought of my life ” : I was sitting in a chair in the patent office at Bern , when all of a sudden a thought occurred to me : “ If a person falls freely , he will not feel his own weight . ” I was startled .
This simple thought made a deep impression on me .
It impelled me toward a theory of gravitation .
Blake and Einstein might have liked each other very much .
Blake distrusted using reason by itself as a way toward understanding , and said that it is through emotion and imagination in conjunction with reason that we can find truth .
Reason has its place , but it should not rule our emotions and our imagination .
Instead , emotion and imagination should guide reason because within imagination lies the promise of personal salvation .
Global Warming : Mankind 's Greatest Threat
Humanity is about to face the most devastating catastrophe that mankind has encountered since the Bubonic Plague during the Middle Ages .
This largest threat to humanity is global warming .
Sure , some people are still debating if global warming is in progress and the long term effects of pollution in the environment , but the general consensus among most scientists and researchers is that global warming has started and is going to increase at an uncontrollable rate in the very near future .
Either our world leaders are going to recognize global warming as a real threat to humanity and address it properly , or the entire human population may become extinct .
The effects and consequences of global warming are both frightening and overwhelming .
Currently , global warming is modestly increasing the average temperatures throughout the world .
However , these temperature increases will continue to spiral upwards and cause massive climate changes throughout the world .
For instance , these temperature changes will increase the average worldwide rainfall yet decrease rain in some areas , thus negatively affecting farming everywhere .
Seasons to grow foods will shorten in some areas and lengthen in other areas , while few farmers will be to adapt to these changes quickly enough .
And farmers will be unable to properly change the types of their crops , because the local climate changes will be continuously too unpredictable and changing too quickly .
Eventually , both polar ice caps will start melting at a very fast rate because of global warming .
This will cause the world 's oceans to rise rapidly .
Not quickly enough to cause tsunami like conditions to drown thousands of people , but rather people will be forced to evacuate coastal cities , where most of the world 's population now lives , to higher ground that is more inland .
No one knows for certain how high the world 's oceans will increase ; but whatever the height , global warming will decrease the amount of land available for human use .
This will decrease the amount of farm land available , thus further decreasing the amount of food mankind can grow .
Since a large percentage of the world 's population already do not grow enough food , this will cause mass starvations .
The sudden increase in population densities in smaller cities not prepared for a surge in population growth will cause huge sanitation issues and diseases will spread much more rapidly , especially with food becoming more scarce .
Furthermore with the ice caps melting , the amount of sunlight reflected back into space will decrease thus increasing the temperature of the Earth even faster .
Underneath these receding ice caps and glaciers is dead organic matter that when thawed with release even more heat trapping greenhouse gases ( carbon emissions ) into the environment .
While all this time , humankind will continue to produce an ever increasing amount of carbon emissions via pollution into the environment .
Eventually , global warming will melt enough of the polar ice to modify the world 's oceans in two ways .
First , the oceans will start to desalinate , in other words the salt in the sea water will be more diluted by the fresh water from the ice .
Second , the oceans ' water temperature will drop because of the cold melting ice , and this will cause the oceans ' currents to change .
Since the world 's ecosystem is regulated by the ocean 's currents , this will cause another ice age .
That 's right , global warming will start another ice age .
Human civilization is not equipped to survive an ice age that will last a few years let alone a few thousand years .
No one knows when this ice age will start , but the world 's agriculture can not sustain the world 's population during an ice age .
This may even cause the extinction of mankind .
No one knows when this ice age will happen , but it is coming .
We know that the cycle of temperature increases are followed by ice ages , but this time the changes are not natural .
These changes are caused by man-made greenhouse gases released in the environment .
Therefore scientists believe that the next ice age will start much sooner than the scientific evidence has proven to have happened in the past .
Let 's review for a moment .
Global warming is the effects of greenhouse causing gases released into the environment that increases the average temperature of the world , thus adding more energy into the atmosphere .
This increase in temperature and energy will cause an increase in rain and hurricanes , and wreck havoc to the agriculture of the world 's food supply .
Eventually , enough of the world 's icecaps will melt to increase the world 's sea levels , thus further destroying the world 's agriculture land .
Furthermore , the melting ice water will disrupt the world 's oceans that regulate the world 's temperatures and cause an ice age .
And finally , human civilization currently can not survive an ice age .
As a result , our world leaders have to recognize global warming as a real threat to humanity .
They need to both try to slow down global warming and prepare for its eventuality .
If they do not , the collapse of the human civilization is almost certain , and the entire human race is at risk of becoming extinct .
by Phil for Humanity
on 12/28/2006 Related Articles
» Why We Must Act to Prevent Global Warming
» Volcanoes versus Global Warming
» To All Global Warming Deniers
Over the past year and a half , I ’ve seen just what a vital role purpose plays in the pursuit of personal growth .
I believe that growth is an inborn human need to a certain degree , and apparently so does Tony Robbins , who includes growth on his list of the six human needs .
However , I ’ve found that if your only interest in personal growth comes from the level of biological need , you ’ll be very limited in the amount of growth you can achieve .
As an end it itself , personal growth is certainly motivating , but for some goals it just is n’t motivating enough .
Fulfilling our needs is obviously a strong driver of human behavior .
If you ’re hungry or thirsty , you ’ll be compelled to seek food or water as your highest priority until that need is filled .
There ’s no motivation quite so great as that which comes from an empty stomach or a dry throat .
Are you familiar with the story about Socrates where a young man came to him near a lake and asked Socrates to teach him how to acquire wisdom ?
Socrates grabbed the man and plunged his head under the water .
As the young man struggled for his life , Socrates continued to forcibly hold him under the water .
Finally , Socrates let him up to breathe , and when the man , gasping for breath , asked why Socrates nearly drowned him , Socrates replied , “ When your desire for wisdom is as great as your desire to breathe , then you will find wisdom . ”
I love that story .
I do n’t know if it ’s actually true , but it sure makes a great point .
If your motivation for a goal is high enough ( as compelling as the desire for air , food , and water ) , then you ’re virtually assured of success if the goal is possible at all .
However , in most cases our motivation to achieve a goal is n’t anywhere near the level of biological need .
This is especially true when taking on growth - oriented goals .
Consider the example of waking up early each morning .
For many years of my life , I wanted to become a consistent early riser .
My goal was to condition myself to get up every morning at 5 am .
But during the decade I ran my computer games business , I largely failed at that goal despite making many serious attempts .
I could do it for several days at a time , but I could never get the habit to stick consistently .
I ’d be lying in bed when the 5:00 alarm went off , and as my brain faced the choice between mustering the discipline to get up vs. sleeping in , invariably there would soon come a time when I chose to sleep in .
It ’s not that I did n’t get enough rest or that I physically needed the extra sleep .
It ’s just that waking up early was n’t motivating enough for me .
The growth element gave me the drive to make the initial attempt at getting up early , but come day 3 or 4 , that element was considerably reduced as the novelty wore off .
When I was at my best — when I made the decision to become an early riser — my motivation was at its peak , and I felt certain of success .
But at those pre-dawn moments of decision when I was jolted awake by my alarm , my brain still drenched in sleep hormones , the power of my conviction could n’t always overcome the desire to continue sleeping .
So I ’d sleep in .
However , months after starting my personal development business , I made the attempt to become an early riser again .
And this time I succeeded right away .
Yes , I had a good strategy , and certainly the previous attempts helped a little .
But the main difference was that my motivation to get up early was now much higher .
And that extra motivation boost was just what I needed to get past the hump and establish the habit once and for all .
Why ?
My main reason for getting up early was to be more productive .
I wanted those extra early morning hours while the rest of the family was still sleeping , so I could get a head start on my day .
I also loved how I felt about myself when I got up early and dove straight into action .
It felt wonderful when I could actually do it .
The difference in motivation came from what I was producing though .
What was the real value of that extra productivity ?
What was I going to do with it ?
With my games business , those extra hours would ultimately mean producing more entertainment value for people .
With my personal development business , it meant spending more time helping people grow .
For me , the former seemed moderately motivating … perhaps a 7 on a scale of 1 - 10 .
Most of the time , I genuinely enjoyed running my games business .
But getting up early to help people grow was far more motivating … on a scale of 1 - 10 , it was an 11 .
And the motivation I needed to get up early every morning was about an 8 on that scale .
What made the difference between success and failure was purpose .
I think one of the reasons many people will initiate new goals and then fizzle out after just a few days is that the motivation to succeed just is n’t strong enough .
If you ’ve been struggling with a goal where you ’re suffering from this pattern of repeated failure , instead of beating yourself up , get curious instead .
Ask yourself what the ultimate purpose is .
If you were to succeed in achieving your goal , what would it ultimately mean to yourself , to others , and to the world ?
What ’s the actual value your goal would create ?
We ’re all unique individuals , so we may each have a different motivation threshold for achieving a particular goal .
Establishing the habit of getting up at 5:00 each morning required me to have a level of motivation of about an 8 on a scale of 1 - 10 .
For some people that same habit may only require a 3 , while for others it may require a 10.5 .
Interestingly , I not only mastered the habit of early rising , but later that same year , I blew that accomplishment out of the water by adapting to polyphasic sleep ( which for me required about a 9.5 in motivation ) .
And once again purpose was a key factor in my success .
I ’d love to be able to report that having all that extra time for myself was enough to succeed , but that is n’t remotely true .
If that was my source of motivation , I ’m certain I would have failed .
But being able to share the experience with thousands of other people pushed me over the edge .
If you find yourself facing a big goal and you just are n’t making much headway with it because you keep giving up after a time , consider the motivation threshold for the task .
On a scale of 1 - 10 , what level of motivation do you feel is required to succeed ?
Notice that different goals have different numbers .
Your motivation threshold for checking email might be a 2 , whereas the motivation threshold for doing public speaking might be a 9.5 .
Everyone is different , so your specific numbers may vary .
We often get blindsided by failure because we compare the success threshold to our level of motivation when we ’re at our best .
When you ’re at your best , your motivation may be a 9 or 10 .
But that is n’t where you make the decision to give up .
When you ’re at a 9 or 10 in motivation , you will get out of bed early , you will make the trek to the gym , and you will read that book that ’s been sitting on your shelf for months .
But we are n’t always at our best .
There will be times when you are n’t at your best , and you ’ll still have to make the decision between getting up vs. sleeping in , between going to the gym vs. going out to dinner , and between reading a book vs. watching TV .
Where will your motivation be in all these moments of decision ?
Will your motivation to succeed ever dip below your goal ’s motivation threshold ?
An inspiring purpose is like getting an automatic + 4 for all of your 2D6 attacks .
That ’s a role - playing analogy that loosely translates as , “ Purpose provides a motivation bonus for every goal you set , making it more likely that you ’ll pass your motivation threshold . ”
Suppose your goal ’s motivation threshold is an 8 .
And suppose your level of motivation for this goal normally falls in the 4 - 9 range .
When you ’re at your best , you ’ll succeed , but there will eventually come a time when you are n’t at your best , and then you ’ll fail .
But with a + 4 purpose , now your whole motivation range shifts from 4 - 9 to 8 - 13 , and in every situation , even when you ’re at your worst , you ’re still above the goal ’s motivation threshold .
So no matter what , you ’ll succeed .
With a strong purpose , you ’ll score more hits and suffer fewer misses .
Just as a 2D6+4 will grant you victory in battle against fiercer opponents than a plain old 2D6 , a compelling purpose will enable you to successfully achieve more goals and establish more new habits than you ’ll be able to achieve without it .
For my RPG - challenged readers , a 2D6 means to role two regular six - sided dice , and the total you get represents the strength of your attack ( higher numbers are better ) .
A 2D6+4 means to take your 2D6 roll and add 4 to it .
So the range of possible rolls for a 2D6 is 2 - 12 , but the range for a 2D6+4 is 6 - 16 .
Now if as you read that description , you were thinking , “ You forgot to mention fumbles and criticals , ” you really need to get out more . 😉
All purposes are not equal , so you may need to experiment to see what purpose gives you the greatest motivation bonus .
For me , entertaining people is perhaps a + 2 bonus , but helping people grow might be a + 4 or + 5 .
The former is like a short sword , while the latter is like a two - handed magic axe .
For someone else , however , such as a stand - up comedian , those numbers might be flip - flopped .
What motivates you most is something you ’ll have to discover for yourself , but I will suggest that it almost certainly has to do with finding a way to be of genuine service to other people .
What would get you out of bed early every morning ?
What work would be so compelling to you that you ’d joyfully lose yourself in it ?
What do you find so motivating that you ’d even ignore a growling stomach for hours just to stay with it ?
Purpose is n’t the only thing that provides a motivational bonus .
Consider that all parts of your life either add a motivational bonus or penalty .
Is your job a + 4 or a - 2 ?
What about your relationship , your home , your friends , your family , your diet , your income , your spiritual beliefs ?
Are these giving you positive bonuses or dragging you down with penalties ?
If you really want to learn about yourself , make a list of the various factors of your life , and assign each a bonus number , perhaps in the range of - 5 to +5 .
Sinking into debt might be a - 3 , while falling in love may be a + 5 .
This will show you where you have the greatest opportunities for growth .
If you ’re mathematically inclined as I am , you may enjoy thinking of personal growth as a numbers game .
Look at all the bonuses and penalties in your life , and see how they add up .
Where can you add new bonuses ?
Where can you eliminate penalties ?
What can you do to take your character to the next level ?
