There have only been three complaints to speak of since Airship Ventures began its luxury zeppelin service flying passengers around the Bay Area three and a half months ago .
The primates at the San Francisco Zoo are said to " freak out " when the world 's largest airship passes overhead , and two people on the ground have complained that passengers aboard the ship are looking at them through telephoto lenses .
So Alexandra Hall , the chief executive and c0 - founder of Airship Ventures with her husband , Brian , has ordered that the 246 - foot - long Eureka stay clear of the zoo and , well , she insisted that no spying is permitted .
As complaints or problems go , most businesses would wish they were so lucky .
But , as Hall put it in an interview Friday at the company 's Moffett Field headquarters , " It was not the best time to launch in the luxury tourist business , " just as the economy was tanking .
" There was not a lot we could do about that , " because the plans for the sightseeing service were put in motion two years ago and could not be stopped .
The company offers one - and two - hour flights out of Moffett and Oakland International Airport - or longer if desired - for a pretty penny .
A standard one - hour flight is $ 495 per person and two hours is $ 950 .
Odds would seem stacked against the company in a downturn .
But Hall said Friday that a second round of investor funding , for $ 2.5 million , will be finalized by the end of next week .
" We are all breathing a sigh of relief , " she said .
It will be added to an initial $ 8 million produced by six investors - the Halls and Esther Dyson , a technology investor , and three others who are unidentified and who have confidentiality agreements with Airship Ventures .
The new round of financing was provided by Dyson , along with two unnamed partners .
The company did have to lay off a few employees - there are about 25 now - when a cash flow problem occurred recently , said Hall .
Other personnel changes have been made and there are fewer managers now .
Airship Ventures has a lease financing agreement with the German manufacturer of the zeppelin - so it effectively makes mortgage payments on an airship it will eventually own .
That arrangement has been restructured , said Hall .
" We had to look at what was going to be a realistic projection for us and what it is going to take in addition to what we had already done in order to stabilize the company and allow us to succeed , " she said .
Hall added that the company got off to a problematic start because the airship 's planned arrival date was delayed for six weeks and revenue that was planned for the fourth quarter last year did not materialize .
" It was pretty challenging , while we were busy smiling for the cameras " as the company made its debut , she said .
But , there 's been progress .
The company will soon have flown 1,500 passengers and 800 are booked but have yet to take their flights .
Long - term plans are to turn its headquarters , Building 20 , the old bachelor officers quarters at Moffett Field , into a boutique hotel .
" If these walls could talk , " said Hall .
Latest News
How a Volcano Would Have Changed the Ending
Did you even know there was a volcano on the ABC series Lost ?
It ’s true .
And it might have made a bigger impression — and led to a different series finale — if not for a small matter of money .
The presence of this geographical feature on the show ’s mystical , time - skipping island was established in season 3 .
You see drawings , images , and even a model of it in a DHARMA Initiative classroom .
Obsessive viewers spotted it and theorized about it , but when Lost never returned to it , fans assumed the volcano was a red herring or rich bit of detail .
Actually , it was one of the first hints of an endgame .
Read More ...
Carlton Cuse and Michael Giacchino Reflect on LOST at Hollywood Reunion Concert
It was n't quite as traumatic as Oceanic Flight 815 ripping apart in the blue skies over the Pacific Ocean , but executive producer Carlton Cuse recalls a difficult landing process for the final stretch of Lost all the same .
Speaking in front of a packed crowd at the John Anson Ford Amphitheatre in Hollywood , Cuse reflected on the ending of Lost — a process that included a whole lot of writing , a whole lot of tears , and an impressive amount of tequila .
" We cried , and it was cathartic , " Cuse said , repeating the line throughout his recollection , a mantra of sorts .
Read More ...
Netflix to Restore LOST Finale After Fan Outcry
The Lost footage is being found !
Netflix issued a statement pledging to restore the ABC hit ’s series finale after co-creator Damon Lindelof publicly backed fan outcry over a heavily edited version being streamed by the company .
Earlier today , EW reported the two - part Lost closer , " The End " , was missing about 18 minutes in various cuts .
A lengthy Reddit thread chronicled the changes .
Lindelof himself weighed in , saying he was “ totally befuddled ” by the decision and called for the full regular cut to be restored on the service .
Read More ...
Lostpedia is 10 years old !
On September 22nd 2005 , Lostpedia was created .
That means it ’s now 10 years old !
It was also the first anniversary of Lost , and the day after the much anticipated Season 2 premiere was aired .
During the years that followed , Lostpedia grew into one of the biggest fansites about the TV series on the internet .
It became an incredible resource for fans to keep track of all the twists and storylines within the show as they obsessively documented everything from the number of crash survivors still on the Island , to more bizarre stuff like how many times a season Hurley said dude .
I ’ve been coming here since 2006 , and I ’ve been a member since 2007 .
So in order to mark this milestone , I ’d like to go through 10 things which had a significant impact on the site , and shaped it into what it is today .
Read More ...
5 Years After LOST - Why It 's Wrong To Judge the Show on The End
5 years after Lost ’s ending , I still hear and read the opinion “ that it was rubbish . ”
That it “ did n’t make sense ” or “ it was a complete let down . ”
And yeah , astonishingly people still think they were dead all along .
This post is my attempt to explain why Lost ’s final episode hit the nail on the head in doing what it was supposed to do , and while it may have disappointed some ( more on that later ) it was certainly not rubbish .
It was actually quite brilliant .
Read More ...
10 Years On : Damon Lindelof Reveals Why He " Broke Down Sobbing " and Opens Up About Show's Legacy
Something really awful tends to happen when we lose someone we love — especially if the death itself did n't play out exactly the way that we might have imagined .
For a period of time , all we can think about is the end , about the death itself , about how the final weeks or days or moments that maybe did n't exactly go how we had hoped .
There 's a period of grieving .
And shock .
And sorrow .
But over time , if we are lucky , we start to focus again on what really actually mattered :
That person 's life .
All the moments and experiences that made us love them so very much in the first place .
You know , what really actually mattered .
The living .
It 's time to do that for Lost .
Read More ...
It 's time to do that for
Celebrating 10 Years of LOST - Share Your Story !
10 years ?
Has it really been that long ?
I am of course talking about 10 years since the Lost Pilot first hit television screens and kick started a worldwide phenomenon .
It was one of the most explosive TV pilots of all time , quite literally in the case of the opening sequence .
At the time it aired , it was the most expensive pilot in TV history , rolling in at around $ 12 million – but it was worth every penny as 18 million tuned in to watch it .
So it really has been 10 years since this incredible show took over our lives , and I ’m glad to have been a part of it from the very start .
I have a small confession to make though – I was n’t there from the start ... at least not September 22nd , 2004 .
I am British , and therefore never had the opportunity to watch Lost from the start .
No , my tenth anniversary is just under a year from now , on August 10th .
That ’s the date it first aired in 2005 in the UK , and the first opportunity I had to watch the show .
Read More ...
The Chromium team got a first page rendering on the Mac version of Google Chrome .
Finally .
Over the last couple of months , the group working on Mac Chrome ( myself included ) has shifted gears from layout tests and WebKit compatibility to getting the application user interface up and limping .
That also means getting the separate WebCore renderer processes to communicate over IPC to the browser .
Last week , while I was in Cali , the entire team made a tremendous amount of progress getting the cross- platform model and controller classes scaffolded , topped off with a Cocoa UI ( with similar strides on Linux using Gtk ) .
We were at the point where you could create new windows and tabs ( and close them too ) using the shared code , which would spawn / quit associated renderer processes .
It was pretty exciting to watch them come and go in Activity Monitor , knowing how close we were to getting bits on the screen .
This week , everything came together and we can now load web pages in the renderer processes and display them in tabs .
One idea that elite universities like Yale , sprawling public systems like Wisconsin and smaller private colleges like Lewis and Clark have shared for generations is that a traditional liberal arts education is , by definition , not intended to prepare students for a specific vocation .
Rather , the critical thinking , civic and historical knowledge and ethical reasoning that the humanities develop have a different purpose :
They are prerequisites for personal growth and participation in a free democracy , regardless of career choice .
But in this new era of lengthening unemployment lines and shrinking university endowments , questions about the importance of the humanities in a complex and technologically demanding world have taken on new urgency .
Previous economic downturns have often led to decreased enrollment in the disciplines loosely grouped under the term “ humanities ”  which generally include languages , literature , the arts , history , cultural studies , philosophy and religion .
Many in the field worry that in this current crisis those areas will be hit hardest .
Already scholars point to troubling signs .
A December survey of 200 higher education institutions by The Chronicle of Higher Education and Moody ’s Investors Services found that 5 percent have imposed a total hiring freeze , and an additional 43 percent have imposed a partial freeze .
In the last three months at least two dozen colleges have canceled or postponed faculty searches in religion and philosophy , according to a job postings page on Wikihost.org .
The Modern Language Association ’s end - of - the - year job listings in English , literature and foreign languages dropped 21 percent for 2008 - 09 from the previous year , the biggest decline in 34 years .
Lunar capture ( LC ) has been achieved ; now for a closer orbit
India is celebrating the arrival of its Chandrayaan 1 spacecraft at the Moon .
An 817 - second burn from the probe 's engine on Saturday slowed Chandrayaan sufficiently for it to be captured by the lunar body 's gravity .
The craft is now in an 11 - hour polar ellipse that goes out to 7,502 km from the Moon and comes as close as 504km .
Further brakings will bring the Indian satellite down to a near - circular , 100 km orbit from where it can begin its two - year mapping mission .
Launched on 22 October , Chandrayaan is India 's first satellite to break away from the Earth 's gravitational field and reach the lunar body .
CHANDRAYAAN 1 1 - Chandrayaan Energetic Neutral Analyzer ( CENA ) 2 - Moon Impact Probe ( MIP ) 3 - Radiation Dose Monitor ( RADOM ) 4 - Terrain Mapping Camera ( TMC ) 5 - Moon Mineralogy Mapper ( M3 ) 6 - Chandrayaan 1 X-ray Spectrometer ( C1XS ) 7 - Solar Panel
The mission will compile a 3D atlas of the lunar surface and map the distribution of elements and minerals .
Powered by a single solar panel generating about 700 Watts , the Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO ) probe carries five Indian - built instruments and six constructed in other countries , including the US , Britain and Germany .
The Indian experiments include a 30kg probe that will be released from the mothership to slam into the lunar surface .
The Moon Impact Probe ( MIP ) will record video footage on the way down and measure the composition of the Moon 's tenuous atmosphere .
It will also drop the Indian flag on the surface of the Moon .
As contemporary romantic comedies go , The Broken Hearts Gallery is like something you 'd create from a kit .
The instructions are easy to follow , every expected piece is dutifully included , and there 's no veering from the manual – what you wind up getting looks remarkably similar to what 's pictured on the box .
( Or , in this case , the poster . )
But a pandemic - era lack of cineplex options can make you inordinately grateful for simple , much - appreciated qualities such as charm and wit and personality , all of which writer / director Natalie Krinsky 's debut feature has in abundance .
Interesting Facts about Dubai
Dubai is fast becoming one of the most beautiful and visited places in the world .
Its booming business environment , distinguished culture and gorgeous architecture are just a few advantages that this city provides .
Dubai has become very popular in the last decade and there are many interesting facts associated with the city .
I have put together a list of fun facts that you may not have known about the city of Dubai .
15 Fun Facts about Dubai
1. Approximately 80 % of the residents in Dubai are foreigners .
2. Dubai has a population of over 1.3 million people .
3 . The Dubai Emirates Mall allows visitors to ski indoors while they shop .
4. Dubai has been ruled by the Al Maktoum Dynasty since 1833 .
5 . There are no street addresses in Dubai .
6 . One of the fastest growing cities in the world is Dubai
7 . There are no personal or income taxes in Dubai .
8 . When completed , the Burj Dubai will become the tallest building and tallest man-made structure in the world .
9. 1 in 5 people in Dubai purchase 5 pieces of gold jewellery each year .
10 . Dubai is building the worlds first man made islands , they are called the Palm Islands .
11 . Dubai is located in United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
12 . The average annual precipitation in Dubai is only 13 centimeters
13 .
The currency in Dubai is the dirham ( Dh ) .
14 .
The worlds largest horses can be found in Dubai .
15 . Dubai has one of the highest per capita incomes in the world .
“ The aftermath of Reagan ’s presidency , ” Garry Wills wrote in a famous introduction to his 1987 book “ Reagan ’s America , ” “ has proved , over and over , that Reaganism without Reagan is unsustainable . ”
In the two decades since Wills ’ book was published , a significant portion of the press and public seems to have forgotten that .
William Kleinknecht is on a mission : In “ The Man Who Sold the World : Ronald Reagan and the Betrayal of Main Street America , ” he is out to demonstrate that Reaganism with Reagan never worked .
Kleinknecht , a veteran crime correspondent for the Newark Star - Ledger and the New York Daily News and an American Society of Professional Journalists award winner , is angry .
But unlike many writers who have taken scatter shots at the Reagan legacy , Kleinknecht has n’t lost his temper — in Henry James ’ words , he has found it .
The Man Who Sold the World By William Kleinknecht Nation Books , 324 pages
In a fiery and lucid introduction he writes , “ This book is born of annoyance : a great bewilderment over the myth that continues to surround the presidency of Ronald Reagan .
It gives voice to a vast swath of psychically disenfranchised Americans , millions of them , lumped most thickly in the urban areas on either coast , who never understood Reagan ’s appeal . ”
Kleinknecht ’s thesis is nothing less than that Reagan was the “ obvious enemy of the common people he claimed to represent , this empty suit who believed in flying saucers and allowed an astrologer to guide his presidential scheduling . … ”
The great conundrum “ is this : none of [ the ] unmistakable harbingers of American decline is being laid where it belongs — at the door of Ronald Reagan ” [ emphasis Kleinknecht’s ] .
In the tradition of most previous Reagan critics , Kleinknecht does n’t try to draw a bead on Reagan from an ivory tower .
He goes after Reagan from the blue collar on up : “ He enacted policies that helped wipe out the high - paying jobs for the working class that were the real backbone of the country . …
His legacy — mergers , deregulation , tax cuts for the wealthy , privatization , globalization — helped weaken the family and eradicate small - town life and sense of community . ”
Reaganomics did create fortunes , but mostly for those at the top of the economic ladder ; it also brought “ a reversal in the slow gains that the working class and the poor had made in the previous two decades . ”
During a month when Republicans dug in against Barack Obama ’s stimulus plan , Kleinknecht ’s words , written last year before the economic crash , ring clear .
“ Reaganism replaced Enlightenment thinking with the corrupted Romanticism that portrays free - market purism as an article of religious faith that is the real meaning of America .
The answer to any of the economic challenges of the twenty - first century is to do nothing .
Cut taxes , eviscerate all regulation of private enterprise , and trust the market to guide our fates . ”
If this sounds like hyperbole , then you were n’t listening to the Republican response to President Obama ’s bailout proposal .
To see long excerpts from “ The Man Who Sold the World , ” click here .
“ The Man Who Sold America ” has much in common with another recent scathing indictment of the Reagan administration , Will Bunch ’s “ Tear Down This Myth : How the Reagan Legacy Has Distorted Our Politics and Haunts Our Future . ”
Both books cover much of the same territory : Contrary to the nearly two decades of idolatry from the right , Reagan was no more popular than numerous other modern presidents ( as Kleinknecht notes , just 27 percent of eligible voters elected him in 1980 , a year which saw a record - low turnout at the polls ) , the legacy of the famous 1980 tax cut was an era of deregulation that spawned CEO and Wall Street greed , and , most important , the Reagan revolution did not do what it set out to do , namely to reduce the size of government ( “ Big government , ” writes Kleinknecht , “ was not stripped away in the Reagan years ; it was just redirected to the needs of private enterprise ” ) .
However , Bunch sees Reagan primarily as a pragmatist whose image has been hijacked by a neoconservative cabal while Kleinknecht sees Reagan himself as the betrayer of what once was regarded as genuine conservatism .
Reagan ’s early backers “ were not Burkean conservatives or acolytes of the John Birch Society .
They had little interest in social issues . …
Most were not even particularly passionate in their anticommunism .
They viewed Reagan quite simply as a potential liberator for the entrepreneurial class . ”
They were men who simply “ wanted deep cuts in their taxes and government regulators out of the way . ”
Many seminal thinkers of 20th century American conservatism — Kleinknecht cites Russell Kirk , Richard Weaver and German - born émigré Friedrich A. Hayek , to whose names I would add G.K. Chesterton — regarded large corporations as “ a threat to folkways and small - scale private property .
It was , after all , not government but big corporations that did so much to wipe out agrarian culture .
The former machinist or farmer now bagging groceries at Wal - Mart is not exactly a conservative icon . ”
This is interesting because Kleinknecht ’s case against Reagan is n’t based on the former actor ’s adherence to traditional conservative values but on his disregard of them .
There are two enemies of a real conservative society , thought Chesterton ; one of them “ is State Socialism and the other is Big Business . ”
In other words , the enemy is bigness , no matter on which side of the political spectrum it originates .
Hayek , quoted by Kleinknecht , wrote something similar in his highly influential book “ The Road to Serfdom ” ( 1944 ) : “ … [ T ] he movement toward totalitarianism comes from two great vested interests : organized capital and organized labor .
Probably the greatest menace of all is that the politics of these two most powerful groups point in the same direction . ”
Such sentiments , Kleinknecht writes , “ were swept out of Washington in the 1980s .
Relief from government regulation was one of a handful of core beliefs that really mattered to Reagan and his business supporters , and anything that stood in the way of the natural consolidation of the nation ’s productive forces was a barrier to be removed . ”
Or as Reagan ’s good friend whom he appointed attorney general , William French Smith , put it , “ Bigness does n’t necessarily mean badness . ”
“ The Man Who Sold the World ” is the most concise and well - thought - out argument against Reagan .
Kleinknecht is no poet ; he too often writes at the top of his voice .
Nonetheless , if he is guilty of occasional pamphleteering , there ’s never any doubt as to his meaning , and many of his phrases linger after one has closed the book .
“ By discrediting government as a legitimate and meaningful presence in the lives of Americans , ” he writes in his final chapter , “ The Second - Rate Society , ” “ Reagan repudiated the very concept of national leadership .
By exhorting Americans to place self - interest above all , he undermined the spirit of sacrifice and the possibility of a common effort to solve our most pressing national problems . ”
Kleinknecht is n’t just writing to be heard by liberal Democrats :
His challenge to conservatives is nothing less than to once again be conservative .
WASHINGTON 
In an unusually public rebuke , Prime Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel said Monday that Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice had been forced to abstain from a United Nations resolution on Gaza that she helped draft , after Mr. Olmert placed a phone call to President Bush .
“ I said , ‘ Get me President Bush on the phone , ’ ” Mr. Olmert said in a speech in the southern Israeli city of Ashkelon , according to The Associated Press .
“ They said he was in the middle of giving a speech in Philadelphia .
I said I did n’t care : ‘ I need to talk to him now , ’ ” Mr. Olmert continued .
“ He got off the podium and spoke to me . ”
Israel opposed the resolution , which called for a halt to the fighting in Gaza , because the government said it did not provide for Israel ’s security .
It passed 14 to 0 , with the United States abstaining .
Mr. Olmert claimed that once he made his case to Mr. Bush , the president called Ms. Rice and told her to abstain .
“ She was left pretty embarrassed , ” Mr. Olmert said , according to The A.P .
hipmunk is a nice Haskell binding to the 2D physics library , chipmunk .
It ’s now packaged up for Arch Linux , with demos :
Here ’s a demo installing the packages from AUR and running the physics demo :
Joe Ades , the gentleman vegetable peeler salesman familiar to all who roamed the streets of Manhattan , died on Sunday .
He was 75 .
Ms. Laurent said she sometimes went to look for him at the end of the day , but he would have packed up and left after selling out .
She could tell where he had been .
“ He cleaned up really well , ” she said , “ but still there were these little shreds of carrots that said , ‘ I was here . ’ ”
Ades was such a fixture on the streets of New York that it never occurred to me that one day he might not be there .
:(
David Galbraith posted a tribute and correction to the Times piece .
None of this myth busting denigrates the fact that Ades was a charming and charismatic New York character .
But if , in future , Ades is remembered as an aristocratic , fancy suited , upper - class English dandy that hawked vegetable peelers as an ironic hobby , that would be wrong and actually less interesting .
( thx , david )
Wednesday , 14 Jan , 2009 Politics
In order to celebrate this year 's presidency of Czech Republic in the European Union , which started on January 1 , the country 's officials decided to present a giant installation with member states of the EU .
However , the project spurred controversy as it was somewhat " unusual . "
Czech sculptor David Cerny , who worked on the project , decided to show what he really feels about each member of the European Union .
He entitled his work " Entropa " .
Recently he apologized to Prime Minister of Czech Republic , Mirek Topolanek , and several government members because his Entropa was in fact not what he promised to be .
The sculpture was presented in Brussels , installed on the atrium of the European Council building .
It represented members of EU in a shocking way , expressing familiar European cliches and prejudices .
At first the Czech sculptor said that Entropa was created by artists from 26 different countries of Europe .
However , recently Cerny confessed that in reality he was the one to work on the project along with of a number of collaborators from Czech Republic and a few foreigners .
The 27 countries presented in the 8 - ton sculpture , included :
Romania , which was presented as a Dracula theme park ;
the Netherlands , depicted as fully covered by water and the tops of minarets sticking out ( presumably referring to the country 's increasing religious tensions ) ;
France with the word " Greve " ( Strike ! ) emblazoned on it ;
Germany , depicted with a series of autobahns that resemble swastika ;
Poland , shown with a group of Catholic monks raising the rainbow flag of the gay community ;
Italy , shown as a massive football field ( suggesting that it's a country with an obsession for football ) .
Luxembourg , represented as a small lump of gold set for sale .
Britain was intentinally omitted in the work ( symbolizing that Britain had little wish to become part of European Union ) .
For several days the sculpture was adored by visitors , until someone started to smell a rat .
It was Bulgaria who complained first after noticing that it was represented as a Turkish lavatory .
After that the Czech part began questioning the work of Cerny .
The sculptor admitted that Entropa is in fact a hoax .
In addition , the author of the work had to answer another question , and that is what happened to the money ( about $ 500,000 ) meant for the artists .
Alexandr Vondra , the Deputy Prime Minister , yesterday stated : " David Cerny bears the full responsibility for not fulfilling his assignment and promise .
In this situation we are now considering which steps to take . "
Ironically , the BNP is relying on Britain 's Human Rights Act , which it opposes , to protect the privacy of its members .
The list , which is freely available on BitTorrent sites such as thepiratebay.org despite a court injunction , includes names , phone numbers , ages and home and email addresses of more than 10,000 BNP members , including children .
It also contains hobbies and occupations , leading to the identification of a number of police , school teachers , clergymen and government employees who secretly supported the organisation .
Their names were marked with " discretion requested " .
Party officials have said that hundreds of members were now receiving abusive calls and death threats , which could plunge the party into a membership crisis .
It is not illegal to join the BNP but the group , which only accepts whites as members , is frowned upon due to its hardline , racist views .
Some public service workers such as police officers are forbidden from joining the party .
UK police forces and the prison service are scouring the list for serving officers , vowing to sack any they find , the Guardian reported .
Web geeks quickly mashed up the data with Google Maps and published it on the web , with pins showing the number of members in each postcode .
Ben Charlton , who created the first map , quickly removed it after people complained that markers on the map could incorrectly imply a property contained a BNP member .
By then the cat was out of the bag and someone else had created bnpnearme .
co.uk - a heat map showing all British BNP members by post code .
Seeing the humorous side of the whole debacle , other online troublemakers created a new site , LOLGriffin , which puts a BNP twist on the LOLCats phenomenon , whereby poorly spelled , childish text is placed on top of pictures of cats .
But in the process of naming and shaming the fascists , who generally shun non-whites and believe foreigners should be sent home , the list also outed a number of former members and even those who may have expressed interest in joining the party but did not sign up .
The Guardian spoke to several of those included on the list who claimed to have no interest in the BNP at all .
" The fact that we have teachers and doctors and women that knit , it 's a fantastic event politically for us , " Griffin told the Associated Press .
The BNP holds no parliamentary seats but now has about 50 of England 's 22,000 local council seats .
I was working on a project where I needed to send out a daily digest email .
The emails needed to be sent out on a scheduled interval , not as the result of some user action .
This meant that it would need to be handled outside of the normal request / response cycle .
Typically in the Rails world , when someone mentions long - running , or background tasks , you think either BackgrounDrb or Starling / Workling .
Those tools are fine and all — actually , do n’t get me started on BackgrounDrb — but I wanted something a bit more simple .
I did n’t need queueing , or jobs , or anything like that .
I had only one task to manage .
I just want something that will say , “ Once a day , do [ task ] ” , and that ’s all .
Also , I really did n’t want to have to monkey with deployment tasks , be it with Vlad or Capistrano or whatever .
I wanted to just deploy as usual , and have it all just work , no extra processes to start or tasks to run .
This seemed like a tall order , but I began my search anyway .
Google led me to a number of pages about a number of tools , all of which included one or more of the things I was trying to avoid .
Despite having only a one line mention near the bottom of the page , I decided to check out rufus - scheduler , and it turned out to be exactly what I was looking for .
There was no database table , queueing mechanism , or separate process to manage .
Just a simple scheduler to call out to your existing ruby code .
It could n’t get any simpler .
Here ’s how I set it up …
First , install the gem .
sudo gem install rufus - scheduler 1 sudo gem install rufus - scheduler
I also froze it into vendor / gems by declaring the gem in the initializer block of environment.rb and then running rake gems : unpack .
Then I created a file called task_scheduler.rb in my config / initializers directory .
Inside this file is where the magic happens .
This is where it all goes down .
Are you ready ?
Here it is …
scheduler = Rufus :: Scheduler.start_new scheduler.every ( " 1m " ) do DailyDigest.send_digest !
end 1 scheduler = Rufus :: Scheduler .
start_new scheduler .
every ( " 1m " ) do DailyDigest .
send_digest !
end
Yeah , that ’s it .
Seriously .
I was in disbelief myself until I started up the server and watched it send me an email .
In it ’s current state , it would send the digest every minute , which is not what I wanted .
Fortunately , the rufus - scheduler provides several ways to schedule your tasks .
Once I was ready , I changed it to more of a cron-style scheduler .
scheduler = Rufus :: Scheduler.start_new #
Send the digest every day at noon scheduler.cron ( " 0 12 * * * " ) do DailyDigest.new.send_digest !
end 1 scheduler = Rufus :: Scheduler .
start_new #
Send the digest every day at noon scheduler.cron ( " 0 12 * * * " ) do DailyDigest.new.send_digest !
end
You could also use scheduler .
in or scheduler .at for one time tasks set to run at some point in the future .
So there you have it .
Dead simple task scheduling in Rails .
It really does n’t get any easier .
By Andrew Liszewski
Here ’s another example where the previous generation occasionally had better toys than we did .
Back in the 60s Mattel sold this Vac - U - Form playset allowing kids to reproduce pretty much any small object they could fit into its mold .
Using the Vac - U - Form was as easy as clamping a piece of plastic into a hinged frame and then heating it over a metal plate .
When the plastic was soft enough to be molded the frame was swung over to the other side and pressed over the object you wanted to duplicate .
As you pressed down a vacuum was formed , sucking the plastic into shape .
Pretty much the same way vacuum forming is done today .
Of course if such a toy existed today , not only would it be missing that exposed metal heating plate , but it would probably come with a warning that the Vac - U - Form should only be used for making backup copies of your existing toys , and not for making copies of toys to be distributed to friends .
[ Sam ’s Toybox – Vac - U - Form ] VIA [ Architectradure ]
If everyone in the world simultaneously made a list of the top ten most likely places for the works of Vincent van Gogh to turn up , odds are no one ’s list would have included Valve ’s Counter - Strike , and we would have all been wrong .
In a surreal mashup of FPS action and dreamy art , this mod thrusts would - be terrorists or counter - terrorists into the twisted mind of Vincent Van Gogh .
Examples of the artist ’s work can be seen on the walls , and outside , the beauty of his famous Starry Night hangs heavy in the sky .
Counter - Strike players may want to download this one for themselves , but just watching the video ( for hours and hours ) may be enough to satisfy you .
The visuals are addictive .
[ Nipper Maps via Offworld ]
By Jason Palmer
Science and technology reporter , BBC News , Barcelona
The HTC Magic does not feature a keyboard and uses a touchscreen A new phone based on Google 's operating system Android has been unveiled by Vodafone at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona .
The touchscreen HTC Magic will feature a 3.2 Megapixel camera , Wi-Fi , and GPS , but no slide - out keyboard .
The first " Google phone " , called the G1 , was launched in September by HTC and is exclusive to T - mobile .
The Magic will feature new Android firmware , known as " Cupcake " , with changes based on G1 user suggestions .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
One year ago , all the talk was of Google 's open - source Android operating system , and what a radical impact that might have
BBC Tech correspondent Rory Cellan- Jones
Read more on the dot. life blog
The Magic will go on sale to Vodafone customers in the UK , Germany , Spain and France , and non-exclusively in Italy .
Android phone users will be able to access the Android Market , a storefront for applications that already boasts 800 offerings .
That number that is sure to grow with more Android handsets on the market .
The Congress was expected to see the launch of a number of Android - based phones from several manufacturers , but the Magic is as yet the only confirmed release .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Speaking at the product launch , Vodafone and HTC representatives stressed that the ethos in producing the Magic was on form as well as function , and that the thinness and " feel in the hand " had been an important consideration .
" We are paying particular attention to style and design ; I 'm practically obsessed with it .
We are extremely careful not to produce products for a niche of geeks , but bring out a proper mass - market consumer device with a lot of attention to design and functionality , " said Patrick Chomet , global director of terminals for Vodafone Group .
" This is the thinnest , nicest Android - powered device on the market . "
It will attract a bigger audience who 's not just hooked on Google
Carla Milanesi , analyst
The lack of a slide - out handset made for a thinner device , as did a comparatively low - resolution camera and lack of flash , according to Mr Chomet .
" This is all about stylish design for the mass market , it 's a very compact style .
We have all this great touch experience , it 's extremely responsive , " said Peter Chou , president and chief executive of HTC .
Carolina Milanesi , research director for mobile devices , Gartner analysts , said : " We are expecting more Android products but this is a good product for Vodafone , for a European audience ; the form factor is more in line with European tastes .
The platform is more stable and is more a device that exploits the full touch screen . "
If the device hits an anticipated price point of between 99 and 199 euros , Ms Milenesi said it would be pitched at the broader phone market .
" With that range of prices , it 's not aimed at the same audience as , say , the iPhone , it 's looking more at a broader appeal for people .
" It will attract a bigger audience who 's not just hooked on Google but interested in exploiting the usability of the touch interface and exploiting the internet offering as a whole . "
Pricing will be done locally in each territory and Vodafone has opened pre-registration the device .
The HTC Magic has a proprietary headphone jack , and so will not accept many standard headphones .
The device comes pre-loaded with Google applications , such as Maps , Mail , Search and You Tube .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ Haskell ] ANN : happs - tutorial 0.7
Hello , I 'm pleased to announce the release of happs - tutorial 0.7 on Hackage .
http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/happs-tutorial
This is the first release of happs - tutorial built against the new Happstack project .
Not much has changed in content since the last release except a few minor cleanups & a little bit of reorganization .
The 0.8 release will consist of more extensive additions , with the primary focus being a walk through of multimaster .
I 've taken over the development of the tutorial from Thomas Hartman , who has already put a rather massive effort into making HAppS / Happstack more accessible .
Please feel free to e-mail me with any comments , errata , or threats of bodily harm .
Cheers , Creighton Hogg
Andromeda was previously thought to be larger than the Milky Way Our galaxy is much bigger than once thought , according to research presented at a major astronomy meeting this week .
The results suggest the Milky Way is roughly the same size as Andromeda , the largest galaxy in our local group .
What is more , it is moving 15 % faster than earlier predictions .
The greater mass means that future collisions with nearby galaxies could happen sooner than thought , according to the researchers .
Mark Reid of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics ( CfA ) in Cambridge , US , and his colleagues made use of the Very Long Baseline Array ( VLBA ) to deduce the Milky Way 's size and speed .
Dr Reid was speaking at the 213th American Astronomical Society ( AAS ) meeting in Long Beach , California .
The VLBA is a system of 10 radio telescopes scattered across and around North America that together allow unprecedented resolution in astronomy measurements .
This resolution , according to the CfA , is equivalent to being able to read a newspaper in Cairo from an armchair in Edinburgh .
No longer will we think of the Milky Way as the little sister of the Andromeda Galaxy
Mark Reid , CfA
By using the VLBA to measure the apparent shift of far - flung star - forming regions when the Earth is on opposite sides of the Sun , the researchers were able to measure the distance to those regions using fewer assumptions than prior efforts .
" These measurements use the traditional surveyor 's method of triangulation and do not depend on any assumptions based on other properties , such as brightness , unlike earlier studies , " said team member Karl Menten of the Max Planck Institute for Radio Astronomy in Bonn , Germany .
The results show that the Milky Way is about 15 % wider than previously thought .
Spinning around
Tiny shifts in the frequency of the radio emission that arise because the regions are moving gave the researchers an estimate of how quickly the Milky Way rotates around its centre .
They estimate this to be about 914,000 km per hour , significantly higher than the widely accepted value of 792,000 km per hour .
That speed , in turn , allowed the astronomers to calculate the total amount of dark matter in the Milky Way - the invisible component that makes up the majority of the galaxy 's mass .
The researchers estimate that the Milky Way contains about 50 % more mass than earlier predictions - putting it on a par with the Andromeda galaxy , previously thought to be our much bigger neighbour and the largest in our Local Group of galaxies .
" No longer will we think of the Milky Way as the little sister of the Andromeda Galaxy , " Dr Reid said .
That higher mass makes for a higher gravitational pull , suggesting that collisions with Andromeda and other nearby galaxies may happen much sooner than thought - but still billions of years in the future .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sergei Guriev is a friend , and an excellent economist .
( Both also hold true for his wife , Katja Zhuravskaya . )
Along with Yale ’s Aleh Tsyvinski , Sergei has written a very even handed appraisal of Russia ’s policy mistakesâ€ ” and successesâ€ ” in dealing with the financial / economic crisis :
Russia ’s government has , in fact , made serious mistakes in dealing with the crisis .
Taxpayers ’ money was spent to purchase corporate stocks in a failed attempt to support collapsing stock prices .
The government is unlikely to recover its investment anytime soon .
The government was also too slow in depreciating the ruble .
While one can argue that one - off devaluation was risky – as it could have triggered a panic – gradual depreciation should have started earlier than it did .
In the last two months of 2008 , the central bank allowed the ruble to weaken at a rate of one per cent per week , then at two to three per cent per week .
It probably still needs to fall another 10 per cent .
In the meantime , the central bank haemorrhaged reserves defending this slow correction , while commercial banks have been holding on to dollars in anticipation of the ruble ’s further decline .
The third mistake was to raise import duties , especially for imported cars .
This was not only economically foolish ( as with many other import - competing sectors , the automotive industry will certainly be protected by the weakening ruble ) , but also politically dangerous .
Car owners are an affluent , socially active , and easily organised group .
Street protests against the import duties became the first serious popular uprising that Russia has seen in many years .
Yet these mistakes are relatively minor and reversible .
Indeed , Russia ’s government , unexpectedly , has taken resolute and mostly correct economic decisions .
First , it prevented the collapse of the banking system .
Many Russian banks were heavily exposed in foreign markets , and therefore faced severe financial problems once the crisis hit .
A massive liquidity injection by the government ensured that no major bank collapsed , and minor bank failures were administered in a surprisingly orderly fashion .
Moreover , the crisis has – so far – not resulted in major nationalisations of private companies .
The government could have used the crisis to nationalise all banks and companies in financial distress .
It has not , despite its still awesome foreign reserves , which give it the wherewithal to buy out a significant portion of the economy at fire - sale prices .
Instead , up to now at least , the government has mostly been providing ( high - interest ) loans rather than engaging in massive equity buyouts .
Nor have the oligarchs been bailed out .
Of $ 50 billion in external debt owed by Russian banks and firms in 2008 , the government refinanced only $ 10 billion .
Apparently , the terms offered by the government ( LIBOR+5 per cent and collateral ) have turned out to be right on target .
How did reasonable economic policies prevail in this crisis ?
The key factor is that , for the first time since Putin came to power , the Kremlin perceives a genuine threat .
The years of easy popularity are over .
All the ugly facts that Russians ignored during the years of fast growth are surfacing .
The regime knows that its survival depends on preventing economic collapse .
The crisis energised the system and shifted decision - making power to those who know about and can do something for the economy .
But did these policy changes come too late ?
The ossified , corrupt , inefficient economy built in during the oil boom may be impossible to save .
So the central question that Russia confronts is whether even competent economic policy can prevent economic and political collapse .
Sergei seems less convinced than I that the current Russian system is brittle , and hence vulnerable to collapse , although the last paragraph does suggest that he is open to that view .
He is a serious man , on the ground , with excellent connections in and out of government , so I take his views seriously , and adjust my opinion accordingly , in a good , Bayesian way .
The major piece of evidence that Sergei cites in favor of his opinion that ( a ) the Russian government has not done badly in handling the crisis , and ( b ) is not excessively centralized and brittle , is the absence of major nationalizations .
A fair characterization of what has happened in the last 8/9 months , but it is still somewhat of an open question as to whether this will hold going forward .
Today ’s Bloomberg contains a report that expresses the concerns of a Russian think tank that is allegedly close to Dmitri Medvedev :
Russia ’s reaction to the world economic crisis threatens to increase state control over the economy and reduce national competitiveness , according to a research institute close to President Dmitry Medvedev .
“ Ballooning state involvement in the economy , the propping up of ineffective businesses and the atrophy of market institutions present major risks both now and in the future , ” Igor Yurgens , head of the Moscow - based Institute of Contemporary Development , said at a presentation today .
The “ fundamental balance ” between government and business may be harmed if state ownership of companies ’ stock rises another 10 percentage points from the 45 percent held at the end of 2008 , according to a 73 - page report published by the institute .
Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said in December the state may buy stakes in key companies on “ a large scale ” to help them survive the crisis .
The government has set aside $ 50 billion to help businesses pay foreign borrowings in exchange for putting up part of their stock as collateral .
. . . . ‘ Systemic Crisis ’ Yurgens rejected suggestions by the country ’s leadership that the domestic situation was caused by problems in western economies .
Russia is facing a “ systemic crisis ” resulting from structural weaknesses particular to its economy and financial system , he said .
The state will only find a way out of the crisis with a “ full - fledged ” dialogue with society , including civil groups , Yurgens said .
“ There are a lot of pragmatic people in the government , ” he said in an interview with Bloomberg Television today .
“ Since they do n’t have to mess around with parliament , as in a classical democratic government , they are even more effective in a tactical sense .
But we need strategy . ”
New import duties on cars and trucks , which sparked demonstrations in cities across Siberia and the Russian Far East , are typical of protectionist measures “ popular in many ministerial offices , ” the report said .
‘ Blind Faith ’
The tariffs were “ categorically misdirected , ” supporting an outmoded industry and running counter to a declaration signed by Russia at November ’s G - 20 summit in Washington opposing protectionism , the authors said .
Speaking at the opening session of the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland last month Putin warned of the dangers of “ unrestrained state interference ” in the economy and of protectionism .
“ Blind faith in the omnipotence of the state ” is a mistake , as proved by the Soviet Union ’s collapse , he said .
The Institute of Contemporary Development was founded last year on the initiative of Medvedev , who was elected president in March .
He is the chairman of the institute ’s board of trustees .
Note the report ’s association of the nationalization ( and protectionist ) threat with Putin .
Coming from putative Medvedev allies ( and Medvedev ’s people apparently have no love lost for Putin ’s although the principals apparently get on well ) , this is another indication of a growing difference of opinion within the Russian ruling elite .
As the economic crisis deepens , and its affect on ordinary Russians intensifies , this riftâ€ ” and the potential for rifts within rifts , e.g. , among different clans in the Putin circleâ € ” will almost certainly widen .
This is where I think the true brittleness comes from : divergent interests and opinions among a ruling elite under stress , compounded by struggles over a shrinking pool of rents , in a system with weak institutions , and hence few mechanisms ( other than repression ) to deal with popular discontent , to remove failing governments , or to adjust failing policies .
Sergei ’s argument is that faced with an existential crisis , the government has raised its game and made some good policy choices .
He points to some specific examples where immediate disaster has been avoided ( e.g. , avoiding a full - blown banking collapse . )
I still think there is considerable uncertainty about the course in future months as the crisis in the real economy intensifies .
That will be harder to deal with than the banking situation , and pose greater challenges to the government .
In my view , it will , moreover , stress the system at its weakest points .
That said , Sergei ’s analysis does provide room for optimism , although his cautionary note in the last paragraph makes it clear that his optimism is not unbounded , and that he understands perfectly well the structural weaknesses of the Russian system .
Paul Gobel summarizes a more pessimistic view from Dimitry Tayevsky :
Because the economic system adopted under Vladimir Putin is no longer working , the political system the former president and current prime minister put in place is rapidly approaching its end , according to a leading Siberian political analyst .
But what will replace it and equally how it will be replaced remain very open questions .
In a lengthy commentary posted on the Irkutsk portal Babr.ru , Dmitry Tayevsky argues that because Moscow is running out of money as a result of the declines in the price of oil and gas , the Russian political system is no longer in a position to sustain itself or act as it has both at home and abroad ( babr.ru/?pt=news&event=v1&IDE=506710 ) .
Barring a miracle – and Tayevsky says there wo n’t be one – Moscow will not be able to meet the commitments it has made to foreigners – including its efforts to purchase friends in the CIS – or to Russians – such as promises to increase pensions – and consequently , Russians wo n’t be able to continue to live at the level they thought was theirs after the troubled 1990s .
It is worth recalling , Tayevsky says , how “ 92 years ago , a much less serious situation led to some very serious consequences ” and thus to think about what may happen as a result .
He thus devotes the remainder of his article to a discussion of six possible “ variants ” of Russia ’s future development .
The first variant , he says , which might be called “ the New Perestroika , ” would be one in which the regime would blame Vladimir Putin for all the country ’s problems and move in a new and more democratic direction .
Such a step would be “ logical , ” but it would almost certainly lead many Russian regions to seek independence rather than be “ deceived ” a second time .
The second variant , which could be labeled Foros 2 , ” would be based on exactly the opposite diagnosis .
Putin would blame Medvedev for all the problems Russia now faces and demand his removal .
By taking such a step , the prime minister might guarantee Russia “ a long and stable development like Chile in the 1970s , Cuba , Libya and North Korea taken together . ”
But if the first variant could be triggered by the stroke of the pen , the second would be more difficult to pull off , Tayevsky insists .
Medvedev , unlike Gorbachev before him , simply has n’t taken enough “ energetic steps in any direction ” to have alienated the population and led it to be willing to support anyone else .
The third variant , which Tayevsky calls “ Iron Curtain 2 , ” would rest on an idea the regime has long sought to promote .
“ Its essence is simply – in fact , in Russia everything is wonderful â€ ¦ but the enemies surround it – from Wahhabis to Georgians , Ukrainians , Americans , the British , or the Estonians — are doing everything ” to destroy Russia .
Thus , Russia must cut itself off from the world in order to protect “ the young Russian democracy , Orthodoxy , and nationality . ”
But that would alienate not only many non-Russians but also many Russians in the regions who remember how things played out the last time Moscow adopted this strategy .
The fourth variant would be a subset of the third .
It would involve cutting Russia off in order to justify authoritarianism in order to modernize the country .
While not that different from what some around Putin appear currently to aspire to , an effort to realize this variant could lead to the disintegration of Russia as well or to a political explosion .
Such an explosion or “ bunt ” is the fifth variant of Russia ’s future that Tayevsky describes .
That would be perhaps the worst , and yet it is the one the Russian government seems to be pushing the country toward .
On the one hand , it is impoverishing the people without giving them a chance to express their anger within the system .
And on the other , the current regime lacks both the resources and the leadership to prevent such an explosion or to “ redirect ” in a positive way .
There are , Tayevsky says , no “ pretenders ” now to the role of Lenin , Trotsky or Stalin , and consequently such an explosion could lead to “ a complete national catastrophe . ”
But it is the sixth variant , one that Soviet writers at the time of Gorbachev sometimes called “ the Latin American option , ” that Tayevsky suggests is “ the most probable although far from the most welcome ” not only in the way that it would be introduced but also for the situation it would create .
There are many people who do n’t like the current regime and have the military capacity to change it , he notes .
They might set up “ a military dictatorship , ” although it is not clear that they could run the country after taking over except by killing people in large numbers not only immediately but for a long time , just like Chile in the 1970s .
There would be only “ one welcome aspect of this variant , ” Tayevsky concludes his article by saying , and that would be that “ none of those who have power [ in Moscow at the present time would remain at large . ”
They would be punished , but so too unfortunately would all the peoples of the Russian Federation .
While it is tempting to dismiss such feelings as those of an isolated individual , that would be a mistake .
The notion that Moscow is living beyond its means to promote its own idea of “ greatness ” or to distract attention from its failures is far more widely held .
For another example , this time from a Moscow analyst , see www.gazeta.ru/column/oss/2937043.shtml.
But perhaps the most convincing evidence that many have exactly the same fears
Tayevsky points to is that only a few hours after his article was put online , it was removed , perhaps because of pressure from above or hacked by supporters of the regime , so that at the time of this writing it is not accessible , even though Babr .ru remains functional .
Tayevsky ’s analysis raises several important considerations , one of which is the centrifugal forces in Russia .
That Medvedev is trying to do to mayors what Putin did for governors is one indication that the ruling elite in Moscow considers this a serious concern .
It is a major problem that US and European ( and most Asian ) policymakers do n’t have to deal with .
( China may face something similar , especially as reflected in the urban - rural divide . )
In the end , I think it will come down to the resilience of Russia ’s institutions in the face of incredible stress .
Inasmuch as institutional robustness is not one of Russia ’s strengths , I am less sanguine than Sergei .
But his views definitely deserve to be taken very seriously .
I do .
DOUGLASVILLE , Georgia ( CNN ) --
The Douglasville Police Department said Monday its officers will undergo " sensitivity and cultural diversity training " after a Muslim woman who refused to remove her head scarf at a courthouse was jailed .
Lisa Valentine has been shaken " to her core " by her arrest last week , her lawyer says .
" We never want this to happen again .
It 's not our intent to embarrass anybody , " Police Chief Joe Whisenant said at a news conference .
The judge who had the woman jailed briefly for contempt of court will also take part in the training , Whisenant said .
The incident took place December 16 when Lisa Valentine , who also goes by her Muslim name , Miedah , accompanied her nephew to a hearing at Douglasville 's municipal courthouse .
The scarf , called a hijab , covered her hair but not her face .
It is part of her religious belief that her hair should be covered in public , as a form of modesty .
In an interview with CNN 's Rusty Dornin , Valentine said a bailiff told her she could not enter with her head scarf .
" I did n't pose a threat to anybody , " Valentine said .
" So I got really angry .
I told her that was discrimination , and I said it was b.s. -- and I used the full term of the word . "
She tried to leave , but the bailiff demanded that she appear before the judge , and pulled on her arm , Valentine said .
" I was right near the door .
I said , ' Do n't touch me . '
And so she got in front of me , " Valentine said . " ...
She called for a guard or a police officer .
He came and then he just was near me , and was like , ' You 're going to do what you 're told to do . '
" And then he grabbed my arm , and of course instinctively I pulled it away .
So he 's like grabbing me and bending my arm , like you see people who are resisting arrest , and trying to get really physical with me .
...
Then I said , ' OK , OK , ' and I let them put the handcuffs on me . "
Valentine said she would have had no problem with allowing a female officer to check under her head scarf to make sure she did not pose any danger .
Valentine said that when she told the judge what had happened , he sentenced her to 10 days in jail for contempt of court .
At the jail down the street , Valentine had to change into a jumpsuit .
Her mug shot was taken -- without her head scarf .
She was let out of jail later that day .
Her attorney , M. Khurram Baig , said he does not know why she was released so quickly .
" It 's been devastating for her , " Baig said .
" We 're talking about a major life - altering event for somebody to realize that everything they thought they knew about our justice system may not actually be the case .
So she 's been shook to her core . "
Douglasville authorities describe the day 's events somewhat differently .
In a news release , police said Valentine repeatedly used the expletive , told the bailiff that the judge was " racist , " pointed her finger toward the officer , and " became loud enough that she attracted the attention of another officer . "
The news release said an officer did tell Valentine she could not leave , " and placed her hand on Mrs. Valentine 's wrist . "
" Mrs. Valentine resisted the officer 's efforts by stiffening her arm , but did not physically fight with the officer , " the release said .
When Judge Keith Rollins was told of the incident , the news release said , he ordered her jailed for 10 days .
The police department 's senior staff then investigated the incident and " determined that no fight took place " and " that Mrs.
Valentine 's actions were primarily verbal and her resistance passive , " according to the release .
The police chief told the judge of the department 's findings and the judge rescinded the contempt order , the release said .
" Mrs. Valentine was not arrested because of her head scarf or any action related to the scarf , " it said .
Valentine 's attorney said she has told him she did not call the judge racist .
When word of the incident spread , groups across the country weighed in on Valentine 's behalf , including the Council on American - Islamic Relations , the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , the Anti-Defamation League and the American Civil Liberties Union .
On Friday , about 50 people demonstrated outside the courthouse .
Speakers called Valentine 's treatment a violation of the Constitution and called for Rollins to step down .
Valentine 's husband , Omar Hall , said the judge sent the message " that nobody of faith who wears a turban , a khimar , a yarmulke or a habit ... can enter his court . "
iReport.com : Do you wear a religious garment ?
Another woman , Halima Abdullah , said she spent 24 hours in jail in November 2007 after a similar incident involving the same judge .
Rollins did not respond to calls from CNN on Monday and has not made a public statement .
The Douglasville police news release said that although Rollins prohibits head coverings in his courtroom , he " has also made an accommodation for those people who , for legitimate health , religious or other serious reasons , either cannot remove the headgear or , where doing so , would subject them to violating religious tenets or suffer extreme embarrassment or distress . "
" In such cases , the judge has heard cases involving those people outside the courtroom at another location , " the release said .
Rollins would have made that accommodation for the case of Valentine 's nephew , but the officer " did not affirmatively provide information on that policy , " according to the news release .
" It is also unclear how familiar this officer was with the alternative procedure , " the news release said .
When told Monday of the planned sensitivity training , Yusof Burke , Georgia executive director of CAIR , said it was " a responsible action " and that he was " glad to see they 've had a change of heart . "
Asked whether CAIR considered it enough , he responded : " I think , from our standpoint .
...
We just want to make sure it does n't happen again . "
Baig , Valentine 's attorney , said he and his client needed to learn more specifics about the plan , and otherwise had no immediate response .
Jeffrey Toobin , CNN senior legal analyst , said that when it comes to cases involving headwear , courts " generally weigh the government necessity vs. the interest in religious freedom . "
" Courts can say you have to take a head scarf off for a driver 's license photo because there is a public interest in making individuals clearly identifiable , " Toobin said .
" The government interest in removing a head scarf to enter a courtroom , I think , is much thinner . "
Whisenant , Douglasville 's police chief , said the sensitivity and cultural diversity training will be " forthcoming very soon . "
" We 're taking all steps that we think are reasonable to make sure that this never happens again in our courtroom , " Whisenant said .
All About Islam • Georgia • Religion • Council on American - Islamic Relations
Let me first acknowledge that I know the recession is real .
I know people are losing their jobs , homes and life savings .
I get that .
But the truth is …. we ’re making it worse .
We ’re letting fear make it worse .
Just like the kid who works himself up into a frenzy because he imagines what might be under his bed — we 're allowing fear and all the hype freeze us with fear .
That paralysis is the biggest threat your business has ever faced .
Look around you .
Ask other business owners .
They will sheepishly admit that business is good .
Some , under the promise of anonymity , will confess that it ’s great .
For the vast majority of businesses , especially B - to - B and the service sectors – things are fine .
And yet , they behave as though they ’re down to their last dime .
I was talking to a friend of mine who owns a small business last week .
He admitted they ’re having a fantastic start to the year and everything looks good moving forward .
He went on to tell me that he needs a new company car .
He has the money to pay cash for it .
Car prices have never been lower .
But he ’s holding off .
Just in case .
Simpson College here in Iowa has a brilliant outreach program , thanks to the Associate Director of the department .
She ’s like a Pied Piper , getting to know theatre kids when they ’re younger and encouraging them to visit campus , attend their very profitable summer program , etc .
Simpson just announced that despite great enrollment numbers and the construction of a new theatre space ( capital campaign ) – they ’re eliminating the position .
Just in case enrollment goes down .
People , we have to stop this .
A stimulus package alone is n’t going to cut it .
Do you think any of those stimulus dollars are coming your way ?
Check the list – you ’re not on it !
Small business owners are the backbone of this country and we will determine how long we ’re in this recession .
I ’m not asking you to spend with reckless abandon .
But I am suggesting that we do n’t get our business advice from the local or national news .
Look around .
See how your business is actually doing .
And behave accordingly .
We can be paralyzed with fear of what might be coming , or we can behave ourselves out of this recession .
But …it is up to us .
Continued education and providing the most advanced dental treatments are Dr. Sielicki ’s priorities , helping patients of all ages enjoy good oral health and beautiful smiles .
She is passionate about learning and providing only the best dental care to each and every patient who joins the Sonoran Dental Design family .
Dr. Sielicki offers exceptional care in a modern , beautiful facility .
Be it protecting or maintaining your oral health , creating a flawless smile , or rehabilitating oral function and beauty , she is dedicated to creating a smile you can be proud of .
She will work closely with you throughout the process to ensure you are fully satisfied with your care .
If you are looking for a dentist in Scottsdale , AZ , who will make you feel comfortable while providing state - of - the - art care , we encourage you to contact Dr. Sielicki today .
By Jim Reed
Newsbeat reporter in Amsterdam
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement The Mayor of Amsterdam has told Newsbeat he will push through plans to close down half the cannabis cafes in the centre of the city and some sections of the red light district .
Authorities believe the unrestricted growth of cannabis coffee shops and legal brothels has encouraged crime like money laundering and people trafficking .
But critics of the clean up say it will just drive the sex and drugs trade further underground and make the area less safe for the girls working there .
Mayor Job Cohen told Newsbeat : " The measures we are taking now , especially in the red light district , are necessary because we think there is too much criminality .
" We are not going to close the red light district and there will still be soft drugs but less than there is now . "
Major destination Many of the million British tourists who visit Amsterdam each year are attracted by the city 's liberal attitude to sex and soft drugs .
Prostitution has been legal for the last eight years although it was unofficially tolerated for much longer than that .
Amsterdam used to be about sex , drugs and rock ' n ' roll .
Now we have nothing .
No sex , no drugs and no rock ' n ' roll
Metje Blaak from the Prostitutes ' union , De Rode Draad or Red Thread , in The Netherlands
There are 228 coffee shops across the city licensed to sell up to five grams of cannabis for personal use .
National politicians want to close 43 by the end of 2011 because they are within 250 metres of schools .
A separate plan backed by the local council and mayor 's office could see the closure of another 38 cafes in the city centre to stop the " overrepresentation of crime sensitive sectors " in the area .
The number of open prostitutes ' windows will be cut from 482 ( in 2007 ) to 243 with the trade restricted to two main streets running through the old medieval red light district .
Local council leaders say the district needs to diversify and attract higher paying visitors more interested in the city 's art galleries and museums .
" Those British tourists coming here for a weekend and using a lot of alcohol and a lot of soft and hard drugs are not the best of our tourists , " said Mr Cohen .
" Of course they are welcome but not if they abuse alcohol and drugs . "
Prostitutes ' union , De Rode Draad ( Red Thread ) , which represents 20,000 sex workers , is fiercely opposed to the plan .
A prostitute sits in her window in Amsterdam 's red light district Spokeswoman Metje Blaak said : " It 's a very bad plan that just pushes the trade underground where the criminals can get at them . "
" He 's making the city boring .
Amsterdam used to be about sex , drugs and rock ' n ' roll .
Now we have nothing .
No sex , no drugs and no rock ' n ' roll . "
And coffee shop owners have told Newsbeat they do n't think the mayor has the power to close down smoking establishments .
" Coffee shops let people smoke in a civilised , respectable manner , " said Michael Veling , who runs the 420 cafe just outside the red light district .
" We fill a demand from the market and keep people away from street dealers .
" In the coffee shop you see a peaceful coexistence between all the different groups that have come to Amsterdam in the last 50 years . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
During the fight , the Ayatollah , played by actor and former professional wrestler Ernest " the Cat " Miller , waves an Iranian flag before ramming the pole under his opponent 's neck .
Rourke 's character then grabs the flag and snaps the pole over his knee before tossing it into the crowd .
“ As an agency , we have to prepare at the highest level , ” said Malcolm D. Wiley Sr. , a spokesman for the Secret Service , which has the overall responsibility for inaugural security .
“ We understand this is a historic event , but it is also tied to the size of the crowd we expect and our security information . ”
The 240,000 people with tickets to the swearing - in and the thousands of additional people with tickets to watch the parade are only a fraction of the numbers expected to walk or take buses or subways to the Mall .
Most of those without tickets , if they see anything at all , will watch on 20 Jumbotrons that the authorities , fearing that even a small incident could provoke a stampede , hope will keep people in one place .
While the federal security officials have not projected their total cost for the inauguration , officials in the District of Columbia have said the city might spend nearly $ 50 million .
State officials in Maryland and Virginia have estimated they might spend $ 12 million and $ 16 million respectively , and officials in each of the three jurisdictions have said they hope the federal government will help pay for their expenses .
The security plan covers not just the events on Jan. 20 , but also the welcome concert for Mr. Obama on Jan. 18 at the Lincoln Memorial , which is expected to draw as many as half a million people , and nearly 100 official balls , concerts and receptions that will not end until the early morning hours of Jan. 21 .
So far , analysis of intelligence has not yielded evidence of an overseas or domestic threat , said Joseph Persichini Jr. , who is in charge of the F.B.I. ’s Washington office .
But , he said , the assessment changes daily .
So here we are , the second installment of my openSUSE + Ruby mini-series .
See this link for the first article covering installation and configuration .
In this post , I ’ll give you a fast introduction to Ruby and a sample system script on openSUSE .
Super - quick intro to Ruby syntax
So first and foremost , I suppose we should start with some basic Ruby syntax .
I ’m going to keep this brief , so for a more proper introduction , see http://ruby-lang.org.
To get your feet wet , lets fire up ‘ irb ’ , the Ruby interpreter and get the standard Hello World program out of the way :
irb ( main ) : 001:0 > puts “ Hello , World ! ”
Hello , World !
=> nil
Here we see the method ‘ puts ’ displaying our string followed by the result of the expression .
This is pretty straightforward stuff .
So lets move on to some more useful stuff : variables , modules , methods ( we ’ll leave classes out for now ) , and iteration :
Variables are extremely straightforward , just use your ‘=’ operator to create a variable .
Ruby is dynamically typed so we do n’t have to declare our variables prior to creating them .
For more on this , check out “ Duck Typing ” .
Lets assign a variable and print it out :
irb ( main ) : 002:0 > n = 42
=> 42
irb ( main ) : 003:0 > puts n
42
=> nil
Easy , right ?
Lets keep this whirlwind intro moving , then .
On to Modules , Ruby comes with tons of modules that are available right at your fingertips .
You can find documentation for Ruby modules at http://ruby-doc.org or pick up a reference book ( my personal favorite is the “ pickaxe book “ ) .
Modules are called simply by Modulename.method ( args ) .
Here ’s a quick example using our previously defined variable :
irb ( main ) : 004:0 > Math.sqrt(n )
=> 6.48074069840786
Here , we called the sqrt method of the Math module on our variable .
Also note that it automatically converted the type for us .
We ’ve gone from an integer to a floating point number without any voodoo on our part .
I do n’t have time in this article to cover Classes ( see your favorite reference / tutorial for more info on classes ) , but methods are relatively simple to define .
Lets put our ‘ Hello , World ’ code into a method .
Just to mix things up , lets toss a variable in as well :
irb ( main ) : 005:0 > def howdy ( name = “ World ” )
irb ( main ) : 006:1 > print “ Hello , #{name} !
”
irb ( main ) : 007:1 >
end
Now we can simply call our method ‘ howdy ’ with or without arguments :
irb ( main ) : 008:0 > howdy
Hello , World !
=> nil
irb ( main ) : 009:0 > howdy “ Geeko ”
Hello , Geeko !
=> nil
Yet another useful thing we may be interested in is iteration .
While iteration looks a little different in Ruby , it ’s relatively simple .
You may be used to the simple ‘ for i in foo ; do bar ; done ’ syntax of most languages .
Ruby mixes that up a little …
Here I ’ll define an array and iterate over each element .
Watch closely :
irb ( main ) : 015:0 > pals = %w{Tux Geeko Linus}
= > [ “ Tux ” , “ Geeko ” , “ Linus ” ]
irb ( main ) : 016:0 > pals.each do |i|
irb ( main ) : 017:1 * puts “ # {i} is my homeboy ! ”
irb ( main ) : 018:1 >
end
Tux is my homeboy !
Geeko is my homeboy !
Linus is my homeboy !
= > [ “ Tux ” , “ Geeko ” , “ Linus ” ]
Here you can see we stepped through each element of the array ‘ pals ’ and displayed said element with a message .
It may look wacky now , but the more you use it , the more natural it becomes .
So you want to automate some tasks ?
When using Ruby with openSUSE , the sky is the limit with system automation .
To call system commands , simply use backticks ( ` ) just as you would in bash or your favorite shell .
The simple syntax encourages rapid development , so Ruby is a great language for working with your servers .
One thing I do frequently is check for updates across my servers and mail them back to myself .
This requires that we install the ruby gem ‘ mailfactory ’ ( ‘ sudo gem install – remote mailfactory ’ ) so that we can spawn an SMTP server .
We probably all use zypper to search for updates , so here ’s a simple script that will check for all updates on a box and mail it right to you .
Note that this is a very simplified version of part of a larger collection of scripts that I use daily to monitor my servers …
#!/usr/bin/env ruby
# be sure to include all necessary modules require ‘ rubygems ’ # necessary to use mailfactory
require ‘ net/smtp ’ # another mailfactory requirement
require ‘ mailfactory ’ # this method has zypper search for updates and save them to a variable
# note that we could alternatively search for zypper ’s path and store it in
# a variable as well def zypper ( option )
zypper_output = `”/usr/bin/zypper ” #{option}`
return zypper_output
end # call the zypper method .
note that ‘ lu ’ lists updates in zypper zypper_msg = zypper ( “ lu ” ) # call Net:: SMTP to fire up a server
smtp = Net:: SMTP.new(‘localhost ’ , 25 )
smpt.start(‘yourserver.com ’) # craft our message
report = MailFactory.new ( )
report.to = “ admin@yourserver.com ”
report.from = “ admin@yourserver.com ”
report .subject = “ server updates ”
report text = “ # {zypper_msg} ” # send our message
smtp.send_message report.construct , ‘ admin@yourserver.com ’ , ‘ admin@yourserver.com ’
smtp.finish
While the last portion of that ( MailFactory ) got kind of messy , the script is relatively simple to step through .
First we add all the necessary gems / modules to help send our message , then we define a method that calls zypper .
After we ’ve established that , we simply pass our options ( in this case , list updates ) to the zypper method and mail it out .
The same can be done to interact with system utilities to perform maintenance , parse logs , or gather more information .
Take a look at the File module and browse through some gems , you ’ll very likely find plenty of useful utilities .
Use your imagination and by all means , enjoy yourself !
Stay tuned for my next post in which I ’ll cover remote automation with Capistrano .
Both comments and pings are currently closed .
In October , NASA announced that the $ 1.5 - billion Mars Science Laboratory ( MSL ) , a car - size rover planned for launch this fall , had become the $ 2 - billion Mars Science Laboratory .
When first conceived , it was the $ 650 - million Mars Science Laboratory .
Even more egregious is the $ 1 - billion - make - that - $ 4.5 - billion James Webb Space Telescope , successor to Hubble .
Complex projects of any kind — not only in the space program — always cost more than anticipated .
But experts say the agency could — and needs to — do better .
“ We have to accept the fact that there will be some cost overruns , but I think a lot of it could be mitigated if we managed things differently , ” insists Sushil K. Atreya of the University of Michigan , a member of the MSL team and of a National Research Council ( NRC ) panel that evaluated NASA ’s planetary exploration program last year .
The panel ’s prognosis was bad .
Between ballooning costs and shrinking budgets , NASA has had to delay or cancel many projects .
Some worry that Congress may never trust it with ambitious future projects , such as bringing samples of Mars back to Earth for analysis , which scientists feel is ultimately the only way to tell whether the Red Planet was once inhabited .
“ As a result of the disregard for cost control , I ’m now pessimistic that Mars sample return can ever happen , ” says Alan Stern , who was NASA associate administrator for science until resigning last March in protest at the agency ’s handling of MSL overruns .
It is not as if agency officials are unaware of the problem .
Every project goes through independent evaluations and sets aside about a third of its budget as “ reserves ” for contingencies .
But this is never quite enough to hold the line .
“ In an organization run almost exclusively by engineers and scientists , the technical will always supersede the financial , ” says Humbolt Mandell of the University of Texas at Austin , a former high - level manager for the space shuttle and space station .
The competition among project proposals reinforces this inclination ; to get funded , projects have to promise the moon ( sometimes literally ) .
Many experts argue that NASA should invest more in technology development .
The agency used to have a stand - alone program to invent rockets , power supplies and communications systems that science missions could then pull off the shelf — making it easier to price them out .
That program is now gone , and some scientists argue that MSL is one victim .
“ I think the cost of everything was severely underestimated because they did n’t have enough good information , because not enough investment had been made in the technology , ” concludes Wesley Huntress of the Carnegie Institution of Washington , co-chair of the NRC panel .
Longer lead times could also mitigate overruns .
Right now designing a spacecraft takes about a year and a half and 15 to 20 percent of the mission ’s total budget .
“ It ’s rather short , ” Atreya says .
An extra year or more would give engineers more time to nip problems in the bud .
To plug gaps , NASA headquarters should also maintain its own reserves , amounting to maybe 5 percent of the agency ’s science budget , says the University of Michigan ’s Lennard Fisk , until recently chair of the NRC Space Studies Board .
Otherwise , when a project comes up short , NASA either cancels it ( which can be expensive , if a new effort has to start from scratch ) or raids another project for the money ( which disrupts it , so it will probably end up overrunning , too ) .
Stern , though , argues that none of the above would have saved MSL .
He says that the initial cost guesstimate was unrealistic and that managers failed to scale back the project once they realized it was going to break the bank .
“ No one ever made any compromises to try to keep it on cost , ” he maintains .
In extreme cases , NASA should hit the abort button , Mandell says : “ Putting the absolute kill levels on a program ahead of time and sticking with them will force people to be less optimistic and to build in more reserves . ”
Some finances , though , are beyond NASA ’s control .
Five years ago President George W. Bush ordered NASA to replace the shuttle but failed to pay the transition costs , forcing NASA to make internal cuts , such as eliminating technology development and delaying projects that were ready to go , which ultimately raised costs .
If those who foot the bill expect NASA to make the best use of their money , then it would help if they , too , set expectations in line with resources .
Note :
This article was originally printed with the title , " Space Sticker Shock " .
23/12/02 Killing abusive men is OK USA
Here are the facts : On May 13 , 2002 , Dontee D. Stokes three times shot a priest who had molested him eight years previously .
On Monday , a Baltimore jury of 11 women and one man acquitted Stokes of attempted murder and assault .
Maggie Gallagher .
Hmm .
Presumably if it 's OK to kill a priest who sexually abused you eight years ago and ...
UK
The daughter of a romantic novelist yesterday walked free from court after she was cleared of murdering her sister 's abusive boyfriend .
... and it's OK to kill someone who has abused your sister , then it must surely be OK to kill the woman who is trying to take away - or has succeeded in taking away - your home and your children !
Well , of course , I never advocate violence .
But it must be obvious to readers how perverse , corrupted and utterly hateful toward men has the western justice system become .
Should a man be domestically violent toward someone 's sister , he can be killed .
Should he sexually abuse someone he can also be killed .
( Though in both cases , of course , he cannot actually attend the court to defend himself or to protest his innocence of any crime - because he is dead ! )
But when a man has his home and his children taken away from him - something that both genders would admit is far worse than either sexual abuse or domestic violence - woe betide him should he respond violently in any way at all !
He would be pulverised by the judicial system .
He would not be exonerated by it .
The justice system was partly borne out of a need to protect individuals from draconian actions by the state .
As far as men are nowadays concerned its function is continually being perverted in order to allow women and the state to trample upon them , to deprive them of the things that they hold most dear , to imprison them , and even to kill them with relative impunity .
And , increasingly , men are having to prove their innocence in relationship crimes .
The western justice system has become an enemy of western men
The western justice system has become an enemy of western men thanks to the corrupt self - serving politicians who have purposefully made laws to discriminate against them .
Make no mistake .
Our politicians are fully aware of the devastating effects that their policies are having on our society .
They are well aware of how badly children - especially boys - are being affected by what they are doing , not only with regard to the consequences of family breakdown but also with respect to denying them a proper education and a decent future .
For example , the evidence of the huge negative effects of fatherlessness on children and society is now overwhelming and indisputable .
But politicians clearly could n't give a damn for the welfare of their people , as is evidenced by the fact that they continue to support laws which demonstrably perpetuate and worsen the situation .
Politicians who are quite prepared to inflict disadvantage and discrimination upon a large section of their own people knowing full well what they are doing deserve to be tried as criminals in the future .
Indeed , if it is considered to be legally and morally acceptable to kill men who have abused us , then this must mean that we can kill those judges and politicians who have abused us .
Interesting .
Furthermore , if it is OK for a woman to kill a man who has been abusive toward her , then it must be OK for a man to rape a woman for the very same reason .
( Think about it . )
And if you think otherwise , then you have been well and truly brainwashed into valuing the entire life of a man as being worth less than even the mildest of traumas to a woman 's vagina .
Our First Windows 7 BSOD ( Why Fiddle With Perfection ? )
We ’ve been fiddling around with the Windows 7 Beta for a few days , but just now finally run into that old staple of Windows users : the blue screen .
It ’s good to see that Microsoft has n’t bothered to change the old Windows blue screen ; and by good , we mean bad .
Is n’t it about time to fail a little bit more gracefully ?
Or at the very least , in a way that actually makes sense to end -users ?
The error throws up the driver that caused it ( way at the bottom of the error ) before automatically rebooting , but actually identifying it via which type of component it is — sound , video , USB , hard drive — would be useful for people who just want to know what they did to cause it .
It ’s still a beta , Microsoft , but it ’s doubtful you have enough time to revamp this BSOD for launch .
Maybe by Windows 8 ?
The 824 gold staters were found in a broken pottery jar One of the UK 's largest hauls of Iron Age gold coins has been found in Suffolk .
The 824 so - called staters were found , using a metal detector , in a broken pottery jar buried in a field near Wickham Market .
Jude Plouviez , of the Suffolk County Council Archaeological Service , said the coins dated from 40 BC to AD15 .
They are thought to have been minted by predecessors of the Iceni Queen Boudicca .
Ms Plouviez said their value when in circulation had been estimated at a modern equivalent of between £ 500,000 and £ 1 m , but they were likely to be worth less than that now .
Wealthy tribes " It 's a good , exciting find .
It gives us a lot of new information about the late Iron Age , and particularly East Anglia in the late Iron Age .
" The discovery is important because it highlights the probable political , economic and religious importance of an area .
" It certainly suggests there was a significant settlement nearby .
As far as we understand , it was occupied by wealthy tribes or subtribes , " she said .
Ms Plouviez said the find was the largest collection of Iron Age gold coins found in Britain since 1849 , when a farm worker unearthed between 800 and 2,000 gold staters in a field near Milton Keynes .
Secret excavations
She said secret excavations had been carried out on the latest find in Suffolk after a man reported it to the council 's archaeological service in October .
The staters , which each weigh about 5g , will now be valued ahead of a treasure trove inquest .
" We do n't know how much they will be worth but it will be less than they were at the time , " said Ms Plouviez .
" After the treasure trove inquest , they will be offered to museums at their current value . "
She said the exact location of the find would not be made public but added " thorough " searches of the area had not uncovered any further artefacts .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
An Australian man has lost his appeal against child pornography charges for possessing images of the Simpsons characters having sex .
The Supreme Court of New South Wales upheld a lower court 's decision which found him guilty of possessing child pornography .
Alan John McEwan was convicted in February of possessing child pornography and using his computer to access child pornography because he had a series of cartoons based on the TV series The Simpsons including images of the children having sex .
Judge Adams noted that in some ways the figures do not imitate humans - they only have four digits on each hand and : " the faces have eyes , a nose and mouth markedly and deliberately different to those of any possible human being " .
The judgement said that the television series implied ages of about ten for Bart and eight for Lisa .
Adams said : " The question before me is whether a fictional cartoon character is a ' person ' within the meaning of the statutory offences or , to be more precise , is a depiction or representation of such a ' person ' . "
The judge made clear there was a fundamental difference between depicting an acutal person and an imaginary person - he used the example of video games showing " terrible violence " which if it involved real people " would constitute crimes at the very highest level of the criminal calendar " .
But by accepting that a person may be real or imaginary , and may be depicted by drawing then " a cartoon character might well constitute the depiction of such a person " .
McEwan was therefore guilty .
The judgment said there was no evidence that the material was or might be used for any criminal purpose .
McEwan was fined $ 3,000 and signed up to a two year good behaviour bond - punishment which the Supreme Court upheld .
Each side must pay its own costs .
The full judgment is here .
Rude versions of Simpsons cartoons were a leading meme of the internet in the late 90s , second only to Star Trek jokes .
Insurance firm Royal & Sun Alliance staff got into trouble for forwarding smutty Simpsons emails back in 2001 . ®
The hypocrisy grows all too gruesome :
The Justice Department pronounced the Mexican drug cartels “ a national security threat ” this week , even as American gun dealers along the border were busily arming the cartels ’ murderous gangs .
Mexico complains that American dealers supplied most of the 20,000 weapons seized last year in drug wars in which 6,000 Mexicans died .
A vast arms bazaar is rampant along the four border states , enabled by porous to nonexistent American gun laws .
Straw buyers can pick up three or four high - powered war rifles from one of more than 6,600 border dealers and hand them off to smugglers .
They easily return to Mexico , where gun laws are far less permissive .
Licensed dealers routinely recruit buyers with clean criminal records to foil weak laws and feed the deadly pipeline , according to a report by James C. McKinley Jr. in The Times .
The countless unlicensed “ gun enthusiasts ” free to deal battlefield rifles at weekend shows , thanks to loophole - ridden laws , are a second source .
The federal government is allowed to only trace weapons used in crimes and has no idea of the full scope of the border trade , which accounts for 9 out of 10 recovered weapons .
Vibrations can go a long way , especially for the transmission of sound through material .
Now you can harness that power for a creative and useful purpose .
The Yorozu Audio kit lets you use just about anything as a speaker !
Starting with the included paper milk carton “ speaker ” , all you do is place the vibrating extension onto a surface with the included adhesive sheets , plug in your audio source , and have an instant audio speaker .
Perfect for having portable audio when you need it .
Create instant speakers out of paper , posters , boxes , white boards , suitcases ... you name it !
Yorozu Audio kit features :
Size : W57xH57xD20mm
Weight : 26g .
Color : White
Standard output : 1W
Maximum output : 2W
AC resistance : 8Ω ± 15 %
Frequency characteristics : 425 ~ 9kHz
1 kensington mono speaker
Input : 3.5 mm mini-plug
Power : AAA battery x 3
Includes : Main unit , cables , adhesive sheets , manual ( Japanese )
When I think about skeletons , I usually associate them with death .
What makes Sal Hernndez 's skeletons so special is how they are so alive .
These extraordinary bronze sculptures are part of his “ 208 OSEOsidades ” collection .
Saul is from Guadalajara , Jalisco , Mexico and his collection of skeletons are 8.27 inches ( 21 centimeters ) in height and a 1:8 scale replica of real skeletons .
All the sculptures are mounted on a base made of marble , onyx and stainless steel while the skeletons themselves are made of bronze with a wax of silver .
Great work Sal !!
courtesy of pixelelement More Amazing Sculptures : Underwater Alien Sculptures – Jason de Caires : UK Making the Ordinary Extraordinary – Unbelievable Paper Cut Sculptures by Peter Callesen : Denmark Paper Sculptures by Jen Stark Mindblowing Ice Sculputes and the World 's Largest Father Christmas – 25th Harbin International Ice and Snow Festival : China ( 11 photos ) Marvelous Modern Sculptures – 12th Annual Sculpture by the Sea : Sydney , Australia Back to theMET Homepage
If you 're a Charter cable customer who received the following email from the company about what happened last week , you could be forgiven for being confused about what happened .
What happened is that the company went bust .
Dear Valued Charter Customer :
At Charter , we are committed to bringing your home to life through advanced video services , including a growing high - definition offering , faster Internet speeds , and a choice for telephone service .
We know that you rely on us for your entertainment and communications needs .
We are committed to bringing you the best , most reliable services and responsive customer care , and we look forward to serving you both now , and in the many years to come .
No matter what you may have heard , rest assured that our operations are strong , and that we continue to focus on enhancing our products and services .
We know that speed and reliability are what Internet customers value most , and just last month we launched Charter High - Speed Internet Ultra60 with 60 Mbps speed , the fastest residential Internet service in the country .
We will soon boost Charter High - Speed Internet Max from 16 Mbps to 20 Mbps , at no additional charge .
We also continue to expand our high - definition video offerings , including over 400 movies and shows in HD On Demand .
Please check Charter.com frequently to learn about our new products and services .
In the meantime , our family of more than 16,000 employees will continue to deliver the same great entertainment and keep the millions of families we serve connected to the things that matter most .
Sincerely ,
Neil Smit
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
Team coverage Sen. Chris Buttars , R - West Jordan , could face an official reprimand for a string of negative comments about gay people made public this week .
The nature of that reprimand will be officially released at a news conference Friday morning .
Sources close to the Senate told KSL's Richard Piatt that a reprimand will include at least being removed as chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee .
Lawmakers react to Buttars ' anti-gay comments
Both Senate Republicans and Democrats say they 're outraged at Buttars comments , which included his belief that the radical gay movement is " the greatest threat to America today . "
Democrats say they made it clear that if Republican leadership did n't express their outrage over Buttars ' comments , they would press the issue .
In fact , some senators had already prepared to publicly denounce Buttars from the Senate floor .
" People are very , very unhappy , and they feel like this happened last year , and they feel like ti was a hand slap .
And this year , I think they 're ready for something strict to happen to him , " said Senate Minority Leader Pat Jones .
Senate President Michale Waddoups said earlier he counseled Buttars to stand up for his issues when it 's appropriate , and when it 's not , not to get trapped .
" It was n't in an official Senate meeting .
It was an interview in his own home , and we still live in America , and we still have the First Amendment , " Waddoups said .
He says he thinks Buttars was speaking as a citizen , but he also says Buttars is doing his job , representing his constituents .
Buttars ' constituents react to his anti-gay statements
This is n't the first time Buttars has made controversial comments , drawing attention not only to himself , but to the suburban area he represents .
The KSL.com comment board exploded with over 700 comments about Buttars on Wednesday .
Many of those commenters , however , were on Buttars ' side .
" Most of us stand with him on this issue , " one commenter wrote .
But in person , everyone we asked strongly disagreed with the comments .
" Insert foot and shut mouth !
That 's about the best way I can put it , " Rebecca Preece said .
" To a point , I agree with some of it .
But how he said it , and the extent of it , is a bit harsh . "
Marhall Duffield said , " He should keep his personal beliefs out of it and do what 's best for this city and for his district .
What he 's saying and doing is not best for his district . "
" It gives us a horrible name .
People would expect it , actually , from Utah because that 's what they think goes on here , that we 're really close - minded and un-accepting .
So , it would fit right into the stereotype of us , " said Chantel Lichtenfels .
Josh Ewing , with the public relations firm Love Communications , says these comments create an image nightmare for Utah .
" It just cements the reputation that Utah is kind of a backward place with incredibly conservative people , " he said .
Filmmaker responds to Buttars ' accusations
Meanwhile , the filmmaker who released Buttars ' comments to the public says both Waddoups and Buttars are lying in their responses to the media .
Reed Cowan says his interview with Buttars took place in Buttars ' office , not in his home as he believes Waddoups suggested .
He also says that Buttars was made fully aware that the video would be released this summer , not in a year .
Cowan believes comments from both senators are part of an effort to " divert attention away from the substance of Buttars ' comments . "
[ Click here to read Reed Cowan 's entire statement ]
E-mail : rpiatt@ksl.com
E-mail : ngonzales@ksl.com
E-mail : bbruce@ksl.com
E-mail : aadams@ksl.com
×
Related Links
Related Stories
Many people all over the world walk every day , but most of them do not realize that they are exercising , too .
Walking is a workout that does not need … [ Read More ... ]
Tags
I have spent my academic career in the economic analysis of law and in the broad area of " political economy . "
I am not a macroeconomist .
So why have I been writing and speaking on this subject in recent months ?
The simple answer is that we are at a crossroads with regard to the role of the state in our lives .
This is a matter that no political economist can ignore .
The impetus for a vast expansion in the role of the state is coming from our current financial and economic situation mediated by urgent macroeconomic policy advice .
This past Sunday 's Washington
Post proclaims that almost all economists agree that even a flawed package is better than none and time is of the essence !
So the political economist must now think about a whole new complex of issues .
Unfortunately , much of the policy advice offered recently by commentators , including many economists , is shockingly superficial .
It is reminiscent of the simple prime - the - pump ideas of the early Keynes and does not acknowledge Keynes 's own cautions and qualifications after the General Theory was published , especially in his advisory work for the UK Treasury in the 1940s .
As a microeconomist , however , I wish to emphasize the resource - allocation issues that characterize both the current situation and its underlying causes .
I do this because the macroeconomic way of thinking typically ignores all this .
In doing so , it ignores the complexity of our system and generates policies that will not bring lasting recovery .
Before I make my microeconomic points regarding stimulus , I wish to make a very general point regarding the process by which the stimulus is being considered and approved .
I believe that recent experience supports the claim that the economist and political philosopher Friedrich Hayek made in The Road to Serfdom in 1944 .
Democracy and central planning are incompatible or , at least , in deep tension .
His argument was that " society " does not naturally have a comprehensive hierarchy of values about how resources should be spent .
Therefore , any large - scale plan — like the current stimulus package — will , if considered in detail and with the requisite amount of time , reveal deep disagreements among various political constituencies .
The current " stimulus rush , " as I have called it , is only partly about the perceived economic need to do something fast .
After all , according to the Congressional Budget Office analysis of the House bill , most of the spending will not take effect in the current calendar year .
Furthermore , there is no economic evidence that a program passed in the next few days will be noticeably more effective than one passed in mid-March or mid-April .
I believe the real reason for the rush is the belief that if the bill is not rushed through , its support will crumble as the people find out what is in the bill and evaluate it according to their different values and opinions .
This is indeed the case .
But what this experience exposes is that when the state moves beyond its generally agreed - upon basic functions , the legislature will be seen more and more as an " ineffective talking shop " and democratic values of deliberation , discussion , and consulting constituents will be seriously compromised .
Let me now move on to the microeconomic aspects of stimulus .
I am focusing on the so - called economic rescue and not " financial rescue " which , although related , has its own unique set of problems .
I have four major points .
The last one is about " solutions " insofar as they are possible .
1 . We must remember that the current economic state of affairs was caused by the Federal Reserve 's excessively low interest - rate policy the from about mid-2002 through the third quarter of 2006 .
This policy resulted in significant economic distortions or imbalances .
To say that it was " caused " by the Fed 's policy is not to say that , once this occurred , other problems in the financial sector did not play a significant compounding role .
Yet , were it not for the unsustainable misdirection of resources that we are now calling the " housing bubble , " we would not be faced with our current major problems .
Low interest rates tend to favor consumer durable goods ( like houses and automobiles ) and capital projects because their present value is increased relative to what it would be at higher rates .
Resources then tend to move into these areas as entrepreneurs react to market demand .
However , when interest rates rise , these areas are differentially affected on the downside .
Mortgage rates and other bank lending rates rise .
Capital projects that were unfinished at the time of the rise will be affected as resources move out of these areas .
Those — like homeowners — who borrowed on the assumption of continuing low rates will find that they cannot pay off their loans .
Banks that loaned on this assumption , and those who purchased securities based on these mortgages , will lose capital .
This will hurt the availability of credit from bank sources and from the continued securitization of other assets .
But note what has happened at a fundamental level .
Resource misallocation was revealed at the time interest rates rose .
Too many resources had gone into various sectors in a way that was not sustainable .
This was going on during the period of low interest rates but was not visible .
The rise in rates revealed that this had been a mistake all along .
Recent research by John Taylor suggests that if the " Taylor Rule " had been followed during 2002 – 06 much of the housing bubble would have been avoided and therefore the subsequent price reversal and associated financial difficulties would have been much less severe .
( The Taylor Rule adjusts the federal - funds rate in accordance with the degree to which the actual and desired inflation rates differ , and the degree to which actual output differs from full - employment output .
It would raise rates when inflation is higher than desired and lower them when output is below full employment . )
At the same time , other independent sectoral shifts have been occurring in the US economy .
In particular , the Big Three automobile companies have for many years been experiencing a decline in their ability to compete with others , including foreign manufacturers assembling cars in the United States .
The market has been revealing that the allocation of resources going into these three firms is a mistake — that capital is being destroyed in this area — as market share was lost .
Yet the fall in interest rates temporarily masked many of the problems as the demand for automobiles , in general , and other consumer durables rose .
Between 2002 and 2006 household borrowing grew at an annual rate of 11 percent .
2. Stimulus should not stimulate or reinforce the misallocation of resources .
For the microeconomist , the notion of stimulus - in - general is a crazy - making idea .
What is the object of stimulus ?
a . Trying to prop up housing prices or injecting capital into areas of misallocation is a bad idea .
It prevents the market 's corrective mechanisms from working .
Wealth should not be continually destroyed after the errors of the bubble have been revealed .
This is the proverbial practice of throwing good money after bad .
Some economists , notably Glenn Hubbard and Chris Mayer , have tried to calculate — on the basis of historical experience — what mortgage rates , and hence housing prices , should be now relative to fundamentals .
They believe that housing prices are too low by perhaps 10 – 15 % .
Hubbard and Mayer believe that they have fallen too much because as the value of mortgage - backed securities is either unclear or too low , banks lack the capital to lend in the housing market and elsewhere .
So there is a vicious cycle of feedback effects .
The great difficulty here is that trying to gauge the correct market prices , for both mortgages and houses , is not a practical exercise .
Markets are valuable precisely because no one knows what the " right " price is .
Prices are the outcome of a process of discovery in which trial and error have their crucial roles .
At least this much should have been learned from the failure of socialist economies and the debates on socialist calculation in the 1940s .
One of the problems in evaluating mortgage - backed securities is doubtlessly due to confused expectations on the part of market participants .
Will the markets be allowed to find their bottom ?
What kind of political intervention will there be in the housing or mortgage markets ?
What will be the effect of that intervention ?
b. Stimulating sectors through government spending is likely to create its own form of unsustainable resource allocation .
In some cases , this spending will attempt to restore , perhaps due to political considerations , depressed markets to their previous condition , when that previous condition was an overexpansion .
In other cases , it will prop up certain sectors like " infrastructure " and whatever else the near - trillion dollars will be spent on .
Assuming , as we are told , these expenditures are temporary , what happens when the resources shift out of these areas ?
This is likely to occur if the government spending is inconsistent with the voluntary preferences of consumers , savers , and investors .
More importantly , will lenders and related businesses know when the stimulus will end or shift ?
If not , policy uncertainty will compound our problems .
Investors and economic decision makers will be unable to calculate expected returns on possible investments in which they can have reasonable confidence .
Consequently , extenders of credit will have poor guidance as to what they should do .
( In fact , the current uncertainty is to a certain extent derived from the policy uncertainty about the future . )
The idea would have to be that government spending would stimulate output " permanently " outside of the directly stimulated sectors .
The evidence is meager but not encouraging .
In a recent New York Times article Greg Mankiw suggested ,
In practice , however , the multiplier for government spending is not very large .
The best evidence comes from a recent study by Valerie A. Ramey , an economist at the University of California , San Diego .
Based on the United States ' historical record , Professor Ramey estimates that each dollar of government spending increases the G.D.P. by only 1.4 dollars .
So , by doing the math , we find that when the G.D.P. expands , less than a third of the increase takes the form of private consumption and investment .
Most is for what the government has ordered ….
3. Stimulus should create net economic value and not destroy it .
In a sense , it is easy to create employment : as Keynes suggested , we can bury old bottles with money in them and then ordinary incentives will get people out there digging .
But employment ( work ! ) is not a goal in itself .
Wealth or value is .
If we could get value without work , that would be a very good thing .
To create value , stimulus will have to steer clear of a number of problems .
First , it will have to attract resources that are currently producing less value than would be produced in uses engendered by the stimulus package .
Given that more than 90 % of the labor force is currently employed , and that leisure does have a value , this is not obvious .
The areas stimulated by government spending will not conveniently use only unemployed resources .
Second , the actual activities promoted by new government spending would have to be of positive value , especially in the aggregate .
This problem will be exacerbated by the political reality that areas in which misallocations are already greatest will experience the greatest pain , thus attracting compensatory spending .
Third , the debt created to finance this spending will require either higher taxes in the future or it will generate inflation .
In either case , future wealth will be lost as productive activities will be penalized .
Will the wealth created today , if any , be worth the cost of future losses in wealth ?
4 . What should be done ?
The first thing to keep in mind is that activities that prevent or inhibit the re-allocation of resources out of their bubble - induced misdirected uses will only prolong the current recession .
This kind of stimulus is not better than nothing .
It is worse than nothing .
My own preference is , first to allow market adjustments to take place .
When economic agents are confident that prices will be allowed to equilibrate , they will begin to take action in both financial and economic areas .
Values of resources and assets will become more transparent .
It may be necessary also to devise transaction - cost - reducing structures to allow for the efficient valuation of complex assets .
Secondly , the current atmosphere of uncertainty has created an increase in the demand to hold money and a reluctance to lend , borrow , invest , and consume .
And yet the dangers of an outright deflation seem slim .
Nevertheless , a neutral stimulation of spending may do some good .
By " neutral " stimulation I mean one than does not encourage unsustainable lines of spending and production or reinforce the misdirection of resources .
Tax reductions seem to be the only likely candidates .
This is because , to the extent that they encourage economic activity , they do so in accordance with the voluntary decisions of economic agents .
These are more likely to express the underlying preferences of consumers - investors and resource owners and hence be sustainable .
Simple rebates and lump - sum credits , however , are not as likely to work as reduction in marginal rates .
This is because rebates and credits do not offer incentives that will offset the disincentives to spend generated by generalized uncertainty .
And this reduction should be across the board .
It is important that taxes on capital income be reduced .
It would also be useful to cut or even abolish the corporate income tax in part to increase the internal financing of businesses and make them less dependent on bank credit or other forms of external finance .
If the tax revisions are going to favor only the " middle class " ( I am not quite sure what this means ) , then the incentives to invest will probably not be enhanced .
Even Keynes did not think that consumption spending could lead us out of slumps .
However , to avoid the impact of later tax increases or inflation to pay for the current tax reductions , a credible commitment must be made to cut government spending later .
A very liberal use of sunset provisions should be made in spending bills .
Even more radical , but perhaps politically infeasible , is the idea the current legislation should incorporate a " sense of Congress " that renewals of spending will require a two - thirds vote in favor .
And , of course , a commitment to entitlement reform must be also made .
Unfortunately , the temper of the times has it that tax cuts , especially for the " rich , " are the cause of our woes .
It also has it that middle - class entitlements are a problem only later on .
To make lasting progress toward recovery , these ideas , which reflect current delusions , must be fought and refuted .
On a wing and a prayer - in a borrowed car !
Church roof crash man in Saxony
This is the man who crashed into a church roof on a wing and a prayer after flying through the air – in a borrowed car !
Church car crash Church car crash Driver 's miracle escape after roof smash A German driver was badly injured in a smash but had a miracle escape after he crashed his car into the roof of a church in Saxony , Germany .
The incredible accident was suffered by car mechanic David E. ( 23 ) , who flew a Skoda Octavia into the roof in Limbach Oberfrohna , Saxony .
He survived to tell the tale with broken legs and bruises , and can already laugh about the crash .
And the church ’s minister Andreas Voegler ( 50 ) can also see the funny side of it .
He visited David E. in hospital , and told him : “ I am the minister whose church you ' visited ' ! ”
The clergyman revealed David ’s reaction : “ He smiled and said that he was sorry .
His mother was also there , and held his hand . ”
It was a massive accident which could have had much worse consequences – David E. had lost control of the 200 - horsepower Skoda and shot over a grass hill , which sent him up into the sky , travelling 35 metres and reaching 11 metres high before crashing into the roof of the town church seven metres up .
And the unfortunate driver had only borrowed the doomed car !
The mechanic has worked for two and a half years at a Skoda centre in Chemnitz .
On the day of the accident , he was getting ready for the weekend and was allowed to use the Octavia 2.0 Turbo FSI .
The police still do not know how fast the David E. was driving at the time of the accident .
Physicist Gunter Beddies , from the Technische Universität Chemnitz , said : “ The angle of the grass bump is crucial .
If it amounts to 40 degrees , 75 k mh would be enough for the car to fly so far and high .
If the angle is not as much , the speed must be more . ”
Experts visited the scene of the accident yesterday .
Results of alcohol and drugs tests are expected next week .
There is already scaffolding around the roof of the church , which suffered about € 70,000 worth of damage – covered by the car centre ’s insurance .
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
Skater just cant seem to get off the rail in time ...
Skater just cant seem to get off the rail in time ...
All good things must come to an end .
Jan. 20 , 2009 , marked the end of a conservative era .
Since Ronald Reagan ’s election in 1980 , conservatives of various sorts , and conservatisms of various stripes , have generally been in the ascendancy .
And a good thing , too !
Conservatives have been right more often than not  and more often than liberals  about most of the important issues of the day : about Communism and jihadism , crime and welfare , education and the family .
Conservative policies have on the whole worked  insofar as any set of policies can be said to “ work ” in the real world .
Conservatives of the Reagan - Bush - Gingrich - Bush years have a fair amount to be proud of .
They also have some regrets .
They ’ll have time to ponder those as liberals now take their chance to govern .
Lest conservatives be too proud , it ’s worth recalling that conservatism ’s rise was decisively enabled by liberalism ’s weakness .
That weakness was manifested by liberalism ’s limp reaction to the challenge from the New Left in the 1960s , became more broadly evident during the 1970s , and culminated in the fecklessness of the Carter administration at the end of that decade .
In 1978 , the Harvard political philosopher Harvey Mansfield diagnosed the malady : “ From having been the aggressive doctrine of vigorous , spirited men , liberalism has become hardly more than a trembling in the presence of illiberalism .
...
Who today is called a liberal for strength and confidence in defense of liberty ? ”
CNN : Roberts ' screwed up ' oath of office Mike Sheehan and David Edwards
Published : Tuesday January 20 , 2009
Print This Email This
The oath of office of the President of the United States is perhaps the most hallowed tradition in American politics .
It marks the end of an intense election process , the peaceful transition of power , and perhaps even the rise of a new generation .
But today , it was a bungle of supreme proportion .
According to the Constitution , the oath is specified as follows : " I do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States , and will to the best of my Ability , preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the United States . "
Modern tradition has added " so help me God " to the end of the oath .
John Roberts , the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court , had the honor today of administering the oath to Barack Obama with a Bible used by Abraham Lincoln .
But instead of a smooth delivery , Chief Justice Roberts interrupted Obama early and then switched the order of some of the words , slipping up the new president and causing him to hesitate at one point .
ROBERTS :
Are you prepared to take the oath , Senator ?
OBAMA : I am .
ROBERTS : I , Barack Hussein Obama ...
OBAMA : I , Barack --
ROBERTS : ... do solemnly swear ...
OBAMA : I , Barack Hussein Obama , do solemnly swear ...
ROBERTS : ... that I will execute the office of president to the United States faithfully ...
OBAMA : ... that I will execute ... [ pause ]
ROBERTS : ... faithfully the office of president of the United States ...
OBAMA : ... the office of president of the United States faithfully ...
ROBERTS : ... and will , to best of my ability ...
OBAMA : ... and will to [ the ] best of my ability ...
ROBERTS : ... preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the United States .
OBAMA : ... preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the United States .
ROBERTS : So help you God ?
OBAMA : So help me God .
ROBERTS : Congratulations , Mr. President .
CNN 's Wolf Blitzer later commented that Roberts " had one job to do today and he sort of screwed up . "
By law , Obama became president at noon Eastern , regardless of the ceremonial oath of office .
But that did n't stop some from speculating and others from kidding .
Chris Wallace of FOX
News wondered if , due to the fumbled oath , Obama really was president .
Martin Bosworth of the Boztopia blog quipped , " When you think about how Clarence Thomas tried to derail the changeover by having the Court hear the birth certificate case , you have to wonder . "
Mark Sherman of The Associated Press later reported that Roberts , shaking hands with the new president before a special luncheon in the Capitol , " chatted briefly with Obama and appeared to say that the mistake was his fault , not Obama's . "
This video is from CNN's Newsroom , broadcast Jan. 20 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
One of the many great things about Linus is that he does n't bottle it up : he speaks his mind on things that matter to him , without worrying overly about what others might say as a result .
And when he mentioned in the course of an interview that he had switched from KDE to GNOME , others soon had plenty to say on the subject .
But I do n't want to revisit those arguments about which is better today : instead , I want to explore the possibility that Linus decided to jump to GNOME at precisely the time when KDE could soon leapfrog it in important ways .
What has struck me while all the firestorm over Linus ' comments and the relative merits of GNOME and KDE has been raging , is that meanwhile , in the background , a couple of very significant developments that might change the state of play in the area of free desktops have been taking place .
The first is the decision by Nokia to release Qt under the LGPL .
As I 've written elsewhere , this represents the latest stage in a pretty extraordinary journey by the creators of Qt , from proprietary , to non-GPL open source , then to GPL and now LGPL .
The importance of that move is not so much on the PC as for other form factors , such as mobile phones .
As Mark Shuttleworth was quoted as saying in the Nokia press release announcing the move :
" Qt is used extensively in Kubuntu and KDE applications , and Canonical is delighted to see this breakthrough in its licensing model , " said Mark Shuttleworth , founder of the Ubuntu project .
" Qt 's new licensing terms will help us deliver ever more ' lustful ' applications to users .
Nokia 's continued investment in cross-platform
Qt libraries , and the Linux platform , is a major driver of innovation in the free software desktop and mobile device stack . "
Already , there are hints of Ubuntu Mobile Internet Device ( MID ) Edition moving from GNOME to KDE .
Given that the Ubuntu MID Edition is being repositioned to serve the emerging netbook sector , that move assumes an added importance since it may well be through netbooks , rather than desktops , that general users are introduced to GNU / Linux – not so much as a replacement for Windows , but alongside on this new class of machine .
This is one of the interesting facts to emerge from a recent piece of market research ( pdf ) carried out by PriceGrabber.com :
One in 10 online users own a netbook , 75 percent own a laptop and 83 percent own a desktop ( see Table 4 ) .
Of those consumers who indicate owning a netbook , 91 percent also own a laptop and 87 percent also own a desktop .
Most netbook owners have all three form factors most likely because each serves a distinct purpose .
The netbook claims to be different , not better , than other mobile Internet devices on the market .
It may not compromise price and portability , but it does compromise processing speed , comfort and battery life .
With a slower processor and two and a half hours of battery life , it cannot run complex local computing applications and it generally will not serve as a practical device for everyday productivity .
The other development is not so much recent , as a continuing project : the native porting of the KDE applications to Windows .
At first sight it might appear to work against the interests of free software to allow Windows users to use KDE programs .
But I have long been of the view that the best way to convert people to GNU / Linux from Windows is to convert them first to cross- platform applications like Firefox , OpenOffice.org and Thunderbird .
Once they are familiar with these , it should be much easier to switch them across to the same apps running on GNU / Linux .
In other words , this breaks up the move into smaller , less painful steps .
Viewed in this context , the appearance of KDE apps on Windows could be a huge boon to GNU / Linux .
For this takes the idea a stage further by offering a much broader set of integrated applications on both platforms .
This would make switching between the Windows and GNU / Linux versions even simpler than it would using separately - developed programs .
It would be an even bigger win for KDE , since Windows users , once on GNU / Linux , would be unlikely to move across to GNOME without any clear need to do so .
What interests me about both these developments is that they are essentially orthogonal to all the arguments raging around the comment from Linus .
They are about the future , not the present .
And in any case , as Linus has shown in the past , he 's not wedded to any one desktop platform : as soon as something better comes along , he 'll probably have no compunction in moving again .
It 's best to regard his recent action is provisional , and likely to be flipped as soon as KDE provides him with a reason to change his mind .
Given the innovative work occuring around the main KDE code , maybe it wo n't be too long before he jumps back the other way – and sparks off another flamewar that sadly generates more heat than light .
Glyn Moody writes about open source at opendotdotdot .
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - Chinese fishing vessels have moved out of waters near a disputed sea border between the two Koreas , a South Korean military official said on Wednesday , possibly signaling a North Korean short - range missile test is imminent .
North Korean leader Kim Jong-il ( 2nd R ) visits the Hungnam fertilizer complex at the undisclosed place in North Korea , in this undated picture released by North Korea 's official news agency KCNA February 7 , 2009 .
REUTERS /KCNA
In another move that could stoke tensions , U.S. and South Korean news reports said the North has made further preparations to test its longest - range Taepodong - 2 missile , with a launch possible in about a month .
North Korea usually orders its vessels to stay out of Yellow Sea waters off its west coast when it conducts short - range missile tests .
China is the closest thing the North can claim as a major ally and is the impoverished state ’s biggest benefactor .
“ The ( Chinese ) fishing boats have disappeared , but no other unusual moves have yet been detected , ” said an official with South Korea ’s Joint Chiefs of Staff who asked not to be named .
During its last test launch of short - range missiles in that area in October 2008 , the North issued a no -sail order to its ships a few days before firing off missiles , South Korean government officials have said .
North Korean short - range missiles have a range of about 100 - 150 km ( 60 - 95 miles ) , which means they can hit all of the Seoul area and many U.S. military bases in South Korea .
Experts say the North may have hundreds of short - range missiles , and that the missiles have a proven capability due to recent successful tests .
CNN reported on its website ( edition.cnn.com / ) that North Korea also appeared to have positioned telemetry equipment at an east coast missile base it used when it last launched its Taepodong - 2 missile in 2006 .
The missile , which has never successfully flown but is designed to hit U.S. territory , fizzled seconds after it was fired in that test .
There was no evidence of a Taepodong - 2 being moved to a launch pad , the U.S. official was quoted as saying .
“ Vehicles carrying equipment needed for missile launch were moving toward the ( east cost ) Musudan - ri base , ” Yonhap news agency quoted a South Korean government source as saying .
The source said that if the North continued at its current pace , it could launch a Taepodong - 2 in a month .
South Korean officials were not immediately available for comment .
Impoverished North Korea , angry at the hardline policies of the South ’s government , in recent weeks has stepped up tension by threatening to reduce its wealthy southern neighbor to ashes .
PRESSURE BUILDS
Analysts said the steps were aimed at putting pressure on the South and at attracting the notice of new U.S. President Barack Obama , who is sending Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to the region next week to discuss regional security concerns .
“ We are hopeful that some of the behavior that we have seen coming from North Korea in the last few weeks is not a precursor of any action that would up the ante or threaten the stability and peace and security of the neighbors in the region , ” Clinton told reporters in Washington on Tuesday .
The U.S. military stepped up its monitoring of North Korea this week amid concerns of possible missile launches , a U.S. military official said .
The foreign ministers of South Korea and Japan said after meeting in Seoul that North Korea should stop its provocations .
Leader Kim Jong-il has named senior military official Kim Yong - chun as the new defense chief , the North ’s state media said , replacing a close confidant with another to set him up as one of the unquestioned leader ’s more powerful aides .
Kim Jong-il , 66 , who is suspected of suffering a stroke in August , has no challengers to his leadership , analysts said , but the North has rearranged ministerial posts in the past few months -- changing the alignment of the distant trailing pack of officials who might eventually succeed him .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Dozens of lives could be saved every year if , like helmets , motorbike air bag jackets were made compulsory by the government .
That 's according to accident and emergency doctors .
But do they really work ?
Rob Hunt , a stuntman for 12 years , tested an air bag jacket under controlled conditions at Goodwood race track .
America is a great country and we will overcome our current economic setbacks .
( Santelli responds to White House criticism .
Click on the video at left . )
The issues that currently face us and the solutions to correct them need to be debated , vetted , and openly studied .
This should not be an issue about the political left or right .
This is an issue of discourse on a topic that affects the foundation and principles that make our country great ..... free speech , contract law , freedom of the press , and most of all the legacy we leave our children and grandchildren .
_______________________________________________________________________
Watch the original " Shout Heard Round the World " video clip .
Plus , share your opinion here .
Read more about Rick 's Revolution on CNBC.com .
News : 15 September 2016
ImpishIdea has turned eight years old now .
Just so everyone knows , I will keep it running smoothly for the foreseeable future .
Recent Articles
EDMONTON – Experts say Canada is poised to become the first government in the world to require companies to report their use of potentially harmful nanomaterials in products .
The information gleaned from this requirement is to be used to evaluate the risks that these ultra tiny materials pose to the health of people and the environment .
Officials with the Washington , D.C. - based Project on Emerging Nanotechnologies say Ottawa has been working with industry to develop this new rule .
The group says there is hope that when Canada brings in the rule next month that other countries , including the United States , will follow suit .
Last July a group of Canadian scientists and academics told the federal government that Ottawa urgently needs to assess the potential risks of nanomaterials , but Ottawa has yet to respond to their report .
It is estimated that more than 800 consumer products containing nanomaterials are being sold around the world .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A Russian military court has acquitted three men accused of aiding the murder of investigative journalist Anna Politkovskaya in October 2006 .
The court in Moscow handed down " not guilty " verdicts on ex-police officer Sergei Khadzhikurbanov and brothers Dzhabrail and Ibragim Makhmudov .
A third brother , Rustam , is accused of the actual murder and remains at large .
The head of Russian journalists ' union said he was " ashamed " by the verdicts .
Prosecutors said they would appeal .
Ms Politkovskaya , who gained prominence by exposing human rights abuses by the Russian army in Chechnya , was shot in her apartment building in Moscow .
FROM THE BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
The brutal murder of the reporter , who worked for the small - circulation Novaya Gazeta newspaper , highlighted the risks run by journalists in Russia .
She was the 13th journalist to be killed in a contract - style killing in Russia during Vladimir Putin 's period as president , according to the US - based Committee to Protect Journalists .
While her death shocked the international community , correspondents say it did not register widely in Russia .
' Proper investigation '
The jury took two hours to arrive at its verdict on Thursday , according to Russia 's Itar - Tass news agency .
We demand , we need the real killer , the real killers , and we shall achieve this ,
Karina Moskalenko
Lawyer for Ms Politkovskaya 's family
Will justice be done ?
Obituary : Anna Politkovskaya
When the head of the jury announced that it had found the three men " not guilty " of involvement in the journalist 's murder , the Makhmudov brothers hugged each other while their supporters shouted " bravo " and " thank you " .
A former FSB ( Federal Security Service ) agent , Pavel Ryaguzov , was also acquitted by the jury of an extortion charge relating to the case .
Speaking outside the court , one of the men's lawyers , Murad Musayev , called the decision a " victory " for Russian justice .
" The only way to stop these crimes is to find the real criminals , " he said .
A lawyer for Ms Politkovskaya 's family , Karina Moskalenko , called on the security services to " start a proper investigation " .
The defendants were allowed to leave the court free men " We demand , we need the real killer , the real killers , and we shall achieve this , " she said .
State prosecutor Yulia Safina said the prosecution would appeal against the verdict .
The suspected gunman , Rustam Makhmudov , 34 , is believed by investigators to be hiding in Western Europe .
They have not named or arrested anyone suspected of ordering the killing .
The Makhmudov brothers come from Chechnya , where Ms Politkovskaya did some of her most damning reports into alleged abuses by Russian security forces .
' PR disaster '
The BBC's Rupert Wingfield - Hayes in Moscow says that for the three men accused of taking part in Ms Politkovskaya 's murder , this result is a huge relief .
This failure amounts to a human rights crisis
Miklos Haraszti , OSCE
But for the Russian authorities , it is a public relations disaster , our correspondent says .
This trial was supposed to show justice would be done - instead it has turned into a fiasco , he adds .
Our correspondent says the evidence against the men was extremely weak and in the end the jury simply did not believe the prosecution .
When asked about the acquittals , the chairman of the Russian Union of Journalists , Vsevolod Bogdanov , said he was " ashamed " .
" I have this feeling of incredible shame - at what level was the investigation conducted that the jurors delivered this verdict unanimously ? " he told the Interfax news agency .
The media freedom representative for the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe ( OSCE ) , Miklos Haraszti , told the Reuters news agency that Russia 's failure to solve the murder amounted to a " human rights crisis " .
Last month , a journalist for Novaya Gazeta , Anastasia Baburova , was shot dead along with prominent human rights lawyer Stanislav Markelov on a street in central Moscow .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Coronavirus ( COVID - 19 )
Emergency Communication Campaign
Create awareness on how communities and the wider public can protect themselves and their loved ones from the coronavirus through hygiene .
Visit the campaign page
Once upon a time a man appeared in a village and announced to the Villagers that he would buy monkeys for $ 10 each .
The villagers , seeing that there were many monkeys around , went out to the forest and started catching them .
The man bought thousands at $ 10 and , as supply started to diminish , the villagers stopped their effort .
He next announced that he would now buy monkeys at $ 20 each .
This renewed the efforts of the villagers and they started catching monkeys again .
Soon the supply diminished even further and people started going back to their farms .
The offer increased to $ 25 each and the supply of monkeys became so scarce it was an effort to even find a monkey , let alone catch it !
The man now announced that he would buy monkeys at $ 50 each !
However , Since he had to go to the city on some business , his assistant would buy on his behalf .
In the absence of the man , the assistant told the villagers : " Look at all these monkeys in the big cage that the man has already collected .
I will sell them to you at $ 35 and when the man returns from the city , you can sell them to him for $ 50 each . "
The villagers rounded up all their savings and bought all the monkeys for 700 billion dollars .
They never saw the man or his assistant again , only lots and lots of monkeys !
Now you have a better understanding of how the WALL STREET BAILOUT PLAN WILL WORK !!!!
Last week , Billy Bob Thornton told MTV that he was “ kind of an agoraphobic ” and spent 56 seconds explaining how he copes with the press , promoting movies , and making sure the party comes to him so he does n’t have to go out .
Very simply put , agoraphobia is a type of anxiety disorder that can bring on some pretty heavy symptoms when the afflicted person is presented with certain public situations in which he feels escape might be difficult or embarrassing , or he might not be able to get help if a panic attack sets in .
But , while Billy Bob says agoraphobia keeps him holed up with his television set ( in addition to his trusty “ Bud Light and American Spirit cigarettes ” )
Joe Froemming of St. Cloud State University says the rest of the world is pretty much keeping itself isolated with TVs , iPods , cell phones , and computers .
I do n’t know who this Froemming character is ( regular reporter for the University Chronicle ?
Random university student who felt like venting in the paper ? ) , but he makes some pretty valid points about how people are using technology “ to avoid the world around them , which is a dirty and dying planet indeed . ”
We get more upset over dead fictional characters than we do real people dying on the battlefields .
We ’d rather catch up with friends via Facebook than over a cup of joe .
And , on those occasions when we can’t avoid leaving the house , we plug our earbuds in and ignore people .
Froemming explains all this by claiming with the invention of instant and text messaging also came our alarming degree of laziness ( banging out “ LMFAO ” is so much easier than calling someone up and actually laughing , is n’t it ? ) , though he does n’t seem to think the general public is the only bunch to blame :
These distractions are a multi-billion dollar business .
Companies make money on creating things to isolate people , then doctors make money telling these people that they are depressed because they are too distracted all the time and should go out and converse with a real person .
Are we living in states of self - induced agoraphobia ?
Depression ?
Or is it just sheer laziness and apathy ?
Are we to blame , or should we be pointing fingers at “ advancing technology ” ?
I think it ’s a bit of all that .
Technology certainly makes it easier for us to block out actual news in favor of our own fantasy worlds and playlists , and it definitely makes it easier for us to blog about all the crappy things going on than to actually go outside and make a difference .
Ultimately , however , it ’s up to each of us to chuck the computers and iPods and cell phones for actual face - to - face interaction with the world .
Froemming wraps up his controlled rant with some words worth pondering :
As Jello Biafra , ex-lead singer of the punk rock group Dead Kennedys and now a social activist once stated , “ living in an artificial world is a mental disorder .
It is unhealthy for the psyche . ”
Ms. Krusten is a historian and former National Archives Nixon tapes archivist .
A recent article in the New York Times about the Watergate transcripts focused a spotlight on Richard Nixon ’s White House tapes .
Prosecutors used 12 - 1/2 hours of the 3,700 hours of recordings in the Watergate trials .
Since 1977 , when I helped move them out of the White House , all the tapes have been in the custody of the National Archives and Records Administration ( NARA ) .
Efforts to open the tapes have zigged and zagged over six presidential administrations .
George H. W. Bush was a subject of or participant in a small number of conversations on Nixon ’s tapes .
During the elder Bush ’s administration , the Department of Justice argued that no tapes were ready for release .
After the settlement of a lawsuit brought by historian Stanley Kutler , the government opened some 200 hours of Watergate conversations during the Clinton administration .
Understandably , the thought of revelations from the tapes dismayed Nixon and his aides .
Nixon had expected that he would retain ownership of the tapes when he left office in 1974 .
A 1974 law instead placed them in government custody .
Jonathan Aitken quoted Nixon as then writing in his diary that he must " live through the agony of the balance of the tapes whatever they are ; fight over the papers . ”
John Ehrlichman wrote in 1986 that Henry Kissinger reportedly told him , “ You know you and I are going to look pretty stupid when those tapes are all out . ”
But one Nixon associate , H. R. Haldeman , took a different view from the rest .
He wrote in 1979 that “ while there is some very undesirable material in [ the ] remaining thousands of hours , I know that there is also some very great material .
And I feel sure the ‘ good ’ outweighs the ‘ bad . ’
Thus Nixon has everything to gain and little more to lose from release of additional tapes , even on a random basis . ”
In 2009 , historians can study tapes from 1971 and 1972 but have yet to gain access to any non-Watergate conversations from 1973 .
My old boss , Frederick J. Graboske , former NARA Supervisory Archivist , recently wrote that " My team had the tapes ready for release in 1988 . "
Subpoenaed records support his story .
Starting in 1982 , Assistant Archivist for Presidential Libraries James E. O’Neill and another manager sent a series of letters to Nixon ’s attorneys .
They informed Nixon that Graboske 's team had “ completed final review ” of successive segments of Nixon 's tapes .
A NARA work plan reported that “ final archival review and technical processing of the White House tapes will be completed during the second quarter of FY 87 . ” NARA 's officials handed out information sheets to researchers , stating that “ archival processing ” of the tapes “ will be completed in 1987 . ”
In 1989 , Bruce Oudes stated in From : The President that “ the Archives has . . . advised Nixon that it plans to begin the systematic release of the balance of his White House tapes in 1991 , the twentieth anniversary of the installation of the White House taping system . ”
Haldeman noted in 1988 that “ The National Archives ’ processing of the tapes is virtually complete , and the agency is nearly ready to go forward with a schedule of phased openings . ”
So , why are scholars still waiting for disclosures ?
Historian Joan
Hoff wrote in 1988 that “ the Archives has basically completed processing the tapes . ”
She explained that lawyers for Nixon complained that “ the review process agreed to in the 1979 ‘ negotiated agreement ’ has not proven feasible with respect to these controversial secret tapings and that , therefore , they should be reviewed again using stricter privacy standards . ”
Stephen Ambrose also wrote in his Nixon biography that the tapes “ although processed by the Archives . . . which is ready to release them , also remain under seal , as a result of legal objections by Nixon ’s lawyers . ”
Dr. O'Neill died in 1987 .
John Fawcett succeeded him as Presidential Libraries chief , a job he held until retiring in 1994 .
On December 4 , 1987 , Don W. Wilson became Archivist of the United States .
George H. W. Bush took office as President in 1989 .
The elder Bush had been ambassador to the United Nations and chair of the Republican National Committee during the Nixon administration .
After 1989 , NARA stopped telling the public about imminent release of all of Nixon 's tapes .
In 1992 , Dr. Kutler sued NARA for access to Watergate tapes .
Nixon entered the lawsuit as an Intervener .
The Nixon records statute reversed practices at older presidential libraries , which generally opened the least controversial materials first .
Graboske testified that “ Mr. Fawcett indicated that he thought that the [ precedents ] of the Kennedy tapes not having been released for more than twenty years after Kennedy ’s assassination and the Johnson Deed of Gift which specify that the Johnson tapes were not to be released for fifty years after Johnson ’s death were applicable [ precedents ] to the release of the Nixon tapes . "
Instead of admitting to completion of final review and explaining that NARA was considering questions raised by Nixon , Justice Department lawyers claimed in 1992 that archivists only had performed preliminary screening .
This saddled the nation 's record keeper with a position for which there was no supporting documentation .
After Nixon died in 1994 , Dr. Kutler , NARA and representatives of Nixon 's estate entered settlement negotiations .
In 1996 , they concluded an agreement under which NARA agreed to re-review all 3,700 hours of tapes .
Far from putting up roadblocks , Nixon Foundation director John Taylor has been an advocate for disclosure in recent years .
( Taylor recently announced his departure from the Foundation . )
Where he once referred to Graboske 's team as " junior prosecutors , " Taylor now describes Graboske as " respected . "
Instead of calling us the " Hardy Boys , " as he did in 1998 , Taylor recently wrote that " Fred Graboske and his team of tape reviewers at the Nixon Project at the National Archives deserve great credit for identifying tape segments that would help as well as hurt RN . "
The Nixon family 's representatives have the right to review what NARA proposes to release .
Taylor posted a comment recently about " thirteen years without a formal objection and with literally a handful of consultative comments , very early on .
As for the written records , we have n’t looked over NARA ’s shoulders at all .
We also deeded all the third - party political , without reviewing it beforehand . ”
The settlement agreement stated that after opening Watergate and Cabinet meeting tapes , NARA would release the disclosable portions of the remaining tapes in five chronological segments .
" Processing of the tapes in each segment is projected to take from about fifteen ( 15 ) to about twenty three ( 23 ) months . "
NARA initially opened material quickly but disclosures slowed to a crawl after 2003 .
Trouble flared when George W. Bush ran for President in 2000 .
James Warren reported in the Chicago Tribune :
The National Archives confirmed late Thursday that James Cicconi , an attorney who represents [ the elder ]
Bush , his foundation and library in dealings with the archives , requested , in a Wednesday conversation with Sharon Fawcett , the deputy assistant archivist for presidential libraries , that the long - planned release be delayed or postponed .
In addition , sources indicated that what was perceived internally as pressure from Cicconi preceded the call to Fawcett .
It led to an apparently frenetic re-examination of hours of tapes last week , in which staffers were made to again listen to some of more than 200 conversations in which Bush , then U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , was either involved or mentioned .
The presidential campaign of Texas Gov. George W. Bush earlier conceded that it had voiced concern to Cicconi over the release ’s timing , suggesting it might be a way for the White House to assist the campaign of Vice President Al Gore .
Importantly , Nixon 's family did not object to the opening .
U.S. Archivist John Carlin proceeded with the October 2000 release .
A source within NARA alleged that an unidentified outsider stated , " We 'll get you for this . "
I cannot ascertain whether or not the quote is accurate .
NARA faced new turmoil in 2003 ( a year which also saw the theft of sensitive documents by President Clinton National Security Advisor “ Sandy ” Berger ) .
After releasing some Nixon tapes in February 2002 , NARA announced plans to open additional tape segments at the end of 2003 .
In December , White House officials asked Carlin to resign .
He had started his term in 1995 and had expected to serve the customary 10 years .
Carlin wrote a letter of resignation on December 19 , 2003 ( sources claimed portions were " essentially dictated ” to him ) .
The law requires the President to inform the Congress of reasons for removing the Archivist but President Bush offered no explanation .
After a year - long delay , President Bush ’s nominee , Allen Weinsten , took charge of NARA in February 2005 .
He skillfully oversaw the merger of NARA ’s Nixon Project with the private Nixon Library to form a federal Presidential Library in 2007 .
Dr. Weinstein stepped down on December 19 , 2008 , due to health issues .
NARA has released little from the Nixon tapes since 2003 .
After a token release ( three tapes ) in 2007 , NARA opened 198 hours of tapes in December 2008 .
At that point , five years had passed since the last substantive chronological release .
That is more than twice the maximum time projected between releases in the settlement agreement .
After 2003 , it should have taken 3 to 3 - 1/ 2 years to re-screen the remaining chronological segments .
I had expected NARA to finish tape releases by the end of 2007 ( or by the mid- to late 1990s , had it proceeded with plans formulated by officials in the 1980s ) .
Instead , 32 years after I packed up tape reels in the White House , historians still await access to conversations from 1973 .
Not much time to turn this around :
Madrid - Antarctica's Wilkins Ice
Shelf is rapidly disintegrating , Spanish scientists reported on Tuesday , with potentially ominous implications for climate change .
An ice sheet of 14,000 square kilometres has broken off from the Wilkins Shelf , and has itself broken into several large icebergs , according to a statement from Spain 's National Research Council ( CSIC ) .
CSIC scientists aboard the Hesperides maritime research vessel spotted the disintegration , about 1,600 kilometres south of the southern tip of South America .
If their observation is confirmed , only a small tip of the huge 16,000 square kilometre ice shelf would still be attached to Antarctica .
This is my entry for the latest Luminarium Exhibition " Progression " that can be seen at the Luminarium .
net
It 's a mattepainting and a litte before / after pic can be seen here First attempt to creat my own world Hope you like it .
Comments and favs are very welcome
richs - lxh DLteam
Registered : Dec 2008 Location : Spain Distribution : Dreamlinux Posts : 20 Blog Entries : 2
Rep :
Ruby ,
All the goodness on Dreamlinux is Ruby based .
Nelsongs the Dreamlinux head dev got me into Ruby , and I am no coder I might add ( really , I have problems with php Lol ! ) and Ruby has had me pulling my hair out , then smiling then making me realise how amazing it is to code with Ruby .
Ok , I am at the very basic script standard at the moment , but it is a wonderful language .
Warren wants to be the compassionate moderate out there , but he either just is n't or does n't want to take the heat from his own book - buying base by showing it in any material way .
While he 's being exposed for the charlatan that he is , his damage control comes across as ridiculous .
The image to the right will live on in infamy .
It 's Rick Warren at the Out off the Closet thrift store in LA with his new gay friend .
It reminds me all too much of that series of images Stephen Colbert put together a while back , along the lines of " Here 's me with my Black friend ! "
" Here 's me with my latino friend ! "
" Here 's me with my gay friend ! " ( Video of that 's after the jump if you do n't know the reference . )
Rick Warren 's efforts with his congregants
Matt Comer already posted earlier today about Warren 's email blast to his church saying that his words are being taken out of context ... which does n't square away with what he actually said .
Not at all .
To his church , he 's blaming the media and he's on the attack against gays , saying that we 're using " hate speech " and need to " get a life . "
Here 's part 1 :
And part 2 :
Site - washing
The Saddleback Church 's website used to say that homosexuality was a sin , one of the worst ones at that .
Here 's an excerpt from their old FAQ , preserved for posterity by Google :
While all sin is destructive , Romans 6 warns us of the great dangers in sexual sin when it says , " Run away from sexual sin !
No other sin so clearly affects the body as this one does .
For sexual immorality is a sin against your own body . "
( 1 Cor 6:18 NLT )
This includes not only homosexuality , but all sexual immorality : adultery , sex without marriage , pornography .
We must not act as if homosexuality is the only serious sexual sin , and we must not act as if homosexuality is not a serious sexual sin .
I 've heard it asked , " Is n't being homosexual something that a person is physically born with ? "
First of all , there are absolutely no facts to support this claim .
From time to time studies have been reported in the news that seemed to indicate this , but every one of these studies has proven to be wrong .
Secondly , even if some physical difference were discovered , it would be no excuse for sin .
We know that some people can develop a stronger physical addiction to alcohol than others , but that 's obviously no excuse for living an alcoholic lifestyle .
Finally , a word about being judgmental .
It 's not judgmental to say that what the Bible calls a sin is a sin , that 's just telling the truth .
Not being willing to talk to someone caught up in sin , or not believing that they can be forgiven , or thinking that you are not just as much in need of Jesus as they are ... that 's being judgmental .
Because membership in a church is an outgrowth of accepting the Lordship and leadership of Jesus in one 's life , someone unwilling to repent of their homosexual lifestyle would not be accepted at a member at Saddleback Church .
That does not mean they cannot attend church - we hope they do !
God 's
Word has the power to change our lives .
In equal desire to follow Jesus , we also would not accept a couple into membership at Saddleback who were not willing to repent of the sexual sin of living together before marriage .
That does not mean this couple cannot attend church - we hope they do !
God 's
Word has the power to change our lives .
Well , that 's been scrubbed .
It 's very inconvenient for national journalists to be reading those words coming from Warren 's own church , so they had to be removed .
Hopefully , the policy of excluding gay and lesbian congregants was removed as well ( fat chance ) .
Rick Warren 's gay friends
A bit more from TMZ about Warren 's gay friend from before the jump :
We got this pic , taken yesterday at Out of the Closet thrift store .
That 's Warren on the right ( naturally ) , his arm around Erol Sarabi , who is openly gay .
Warren , who supports the ban on gay marriage which has not sat real well with some Obama supporters , bought 8 to 10 books , two of which were his own ( that does n't help with his Amazon ranking ) .
Warren told Sarabi not to believe everything he reads , that he does a lot for AIDS research and was happy that Out of the Closet does free AIDS testing .
Rick also apparently met with Melissa Etheridge and said that everything bad he 's said about gays was wrong and that he 's bought a lot of her albums :
I told my manager to reach out to Pastor Warren and say " In the spirit of unity I would like to talk to him . "
They gave him my phone number .
On the day of the conference I received a call from Pastor Rick , and before I could say anything , he told me what a fan he was .
He had most of my albums from the very first one .
What ?
This did n't sound like a gay hater , much less a preacher .
He explained in very thoughtful words that as a Christian he believed in equal rights for everyone .
He believed every loving relationship should have equal protection .
He struggled with proposition 8 because he did n't want to see marriage redefined as anything other than between a man and a woman .
He said he regretted his choice of words in his video message to his congregation about proposition 8 when he mentioned pedophiles and those who commit incest .
He said that in no way , is that how he thought about gays .
He invited me to his church , I invited him to my home to meet my wife and kids .
He told me of his wife 's struggle with breast cancer just a year before mine .
When we met later that night , he entered the room with open arms and an open heart .
We agreed to build bridges to the future .
Telling Melissa Etheridge that he " regrets " what he said , in private , and then have her report it on the Huff Po , a site that Warren 's homophobic supporters do n't read , is n't enough .
It is n't anything at all , actually .
It 's an attempt to get us to shut up without actually making up for any of the hurtful things he 's done .
Mike Rogers raises the stakes
Here he is on MSNBC , asking Warren to meet the gays :
It 's an interesting proposition .
I doubt Warren would do it , considering that if he 's too gay - friendly , his words will be in the press and his followers will see that , or if he shows his true colors , then he 's just feeding this beast .
But it does highlight that the queer side is n't the intolerant one here .
If he is the tolerant , non-homophobic evangelical pastor , then where 's the problem ?
The only issue we'd have is that we would n't want to be stood up again .
From the Obama camp
Tammy Baldwin was invited to be an honorary co-chair at the inauguration .
Congrats to her !
I do n't know if this is an olive branch , but having an LGBT person on that committee at the rate at which we generally appear in the population does n't count for much .
Joe Biden will also be on Larry King tonight .
Here 's part of the transcript :
" King : There has been much controversy over the selection of Rick Warren to deliver the invocation at the inaugural .
He 's been a guest on this show an awful lot , and he supported California 's Proposition 8 , a measure that outlaws gay marriage .
He is also very opposed to abortion .
I know the gay community in America appears to be up in arms .
What do you make of this ?
Biden :
Well , I 'd make of it [ as ] Barack Obama keeping his commitment .
Barack Obama said you 've got to reach out .
You 've got to reach a hand of friendship across the aisle and across philosophies in this country .
We can't continue to be a red and blue country .
We can't be divided like we have been .
And he 's made good on his promise .
And I would say to the gay and lesbian community , they have nothing to worry about .
Barack Obama , every aspect of his life , every aspect of his public life , and every commitment he 's made relating to equality for all people , will be things that he will stick with and that they should view this in the spirit in which he offered the opportunity to -- to Mr. Warren . "
Do n't worry , folks .
Obama only chose a die - hard homophobe as America 's new spiritual center ....
Stephen Colbert 's friends
And here 's the promised Colbert Report video :
And the follow - up :
I think this sketch perfectly encapsulates what Warren 's doing .
It 's absurd .
He thinks he can pretend to be friends with a few gay people and everyone will forget what they were mad about .
That 's an immature and reductionist understanding of civil rights .
Personally , I would n't care if he had no queer friends if he'd just stop talking shit about us .
Sexual abuse in childhood increases the risk of suicide in men by up to ten times , say researchers from the University of Bath .
A recent study of Australian men has found that those who were sexually abused as children are more likely than women to contemplate taking their own lives .
Whilst gender and mental health problems are the most important risk factors for contemplating suicide , it is increasingly acknowledged that traumatic experiences such as childhood sexual abuse may be a significant risk factor .
Dr Patrick O’Leary and Professor Nick Gould from the University ’s Department of Social & Policy Sciences conducted a series of surveys and face - to - face interviews with men in a study funded by the University of South Australia .
They found that men who were sexually abused as children were up to ten times more likely to have suicidal tendencies ; many of these men had not been clinically diagnosed as depressed .
Dr O’Leary said : “ Childhood sexual abuse is an under - recognised problem in men - most of the studies exploring the link with suicide have been in women .
“ Men are particularly vulnerable because they do n’t like to talk to others about their problems .
It ’s difficult for anyone to come to terms with traumatic experiences such as childhood sexual abuse , but for men the stigma is worse because they do n’t tend to confide in their friends as much .
advertisement
“ Many suffer feelings of failure and isolation and think that it is a sign of weakness to discuss their past abuse with others .
Men also tend to visit their doctors less frequently , so those who are at risk of suicide often slip under the radar of the healthcare system .
“ Men are particularly vulnerable to suicide and are three and a half times more likely than women to end their own lives , with more than 2,000 men dying as a result of suicide in the UK each year .
However it is estimated that for every suicide , there are between 20 and 25 failed attempts .
“ We carried out the study in Australia , which shares a similar ‘ stiff upper lip ’ culture that we see in the UK .
We ’re planning to do our next study in the UK to see if there are any differences . ”
Dr O’Leary suggested that lives could be potentially saved if abuse victims are identified earlier .
He explained : “ The abuse that these men have suffered as children often sees them attempting to cope by suppressing the experience through substance abuse , alcohol abuse and obsessive behaviour , with many ending up in the criminal justice system .
“ Greater awareness in the healthcare and criminal justice systems will help identify those who are at risk and give them treatment before it is too late . ”
The findings have been published online in the peer - reviewed British Journal of Social Work .
CHICAGO 
The occupation of a window - manufacturing plant here by employees who were laid off last week ended Wednesday after a six - day standoff that brought them to national attention amid growing anxiety about the plight of workers in the deteriorating economy .
Bank of America , which had cut off financing for the company , Republic Windows and Doors , said it would lend the company $ 1.35 million to help it meet the demands of the disgruntled workers .
In addition , JPMorgan Chase , which owns 40 percent of the windows company , pledged an additional $ 400,000 .
The money will enable the company to pay 60 days of severance to more than 200 laid - off workers , who had been occupying a warehouse on this city ’s North Side , as well as vacation time they had accrued but which the company had previously said it would not pay , union officials representing the workers said .
The resolution came after six days of negotiations among the bank , company owners and union leaders .
The workers voted to end their sit-in on Wednesday evening , emerging from their factory chanting , “ Yes we did ! ”
All - in - one DVD Ripper
Rip DVD to all popular video formats such as MPG , AVI , 3GP , MP4 , FLV , WMV , MOV , etc with high output quality at fast speed .
Rip DVDs to HD video files as well .
All - in - one Video Converter
Convert between a host of video formats including AVI , WMV , ASF , MOV , MP4 , 3GP , M4V , QT , RM , RMVB , FLV , MKV , AVS , MPG , VOB , DV , M1V , M2V , DAT , AMV .
HD Video Converter
Convert HD video like HD AVI , AVCHD MTS , AVCHD M2TS , HD WMV , HD MKV , HD MOV , HD MPG , HD MP4 with ease .
The videos captured with HD camcorders are generally in AVCHD MTS / M2TS format and can now be perfectly converted using this DVD Ripper .
The converted files will be widely used for editing in Windows Movie Maker , burning to DVD with Windows DVD Maker , importing into iTunes for sync with iPad , iPhone and iPod touch , uploading to online - sharing websites like YouTube , Facebook , Metacafe , Dailymotion , and more .
Rip DVD and Convert Video for Mobile Devices
Clone2Go DVD
Ripper offers optimized presets for all popular portable devices .
You can easily rip DVDs and convert video files for Apple devices like iPad , iPad 2 , the new iPad , iPhone , iPhone 3G , iPhone 3GS , iPhone 4 , iPhone 4S , iPod nano , iPod touch , iPod classic , Apple TV , other mobile players including PSP , PS3 , Zune , BlackBerry , Xbox 360 , Creative Zen , iriver , Walkman , Kindle Fire , Android phone and more .
YouTube Video Downloader and Converter
Clone2 Go DVD
Ripper can also be used to download and convert YouTube videos .
Just copy and paste the YouTube video URLs , specify an output format of your choice , like MP4 , HD MP4 , FLV , 3GP , and then wait for the downloading process to be completed .
The downloaded MP4 video files can be directly and perfectly transferred to iPad , iPhone , iPod touch , PSP , PS3 , Xbox 360 , Zune , Creative Zen , Archos , Kindle Fire , Galaxy Tab , BlackBerry , Android phone , Tablet PC and a lot more portable devices .
You can also convert the downloaded video to any other video / audio format you need within DVD Ripper .
Rip DVD to Audio and Convert Video to Audio
Extract audio from DVD and video files as WAV , WMA , MP3 , OGG , M4A , AAC , etc .
Trim DVD / Video Clips
You can clip DVD / video length and convert certain segment you need .
If you want a short clip of the video for editing in your Windows Movie Maker project , or extract several audio clips from DVD movies or video files for sync with your mobile phone as ringtones , the trim function of Clone2 Go DVD Ripper does the trick .
Customize Output Profile
If all the optimzed presets do n't fit your needs , you can customize the video / audio parameters such as video bitrate , size , frame rize , audio bitrate , sample rate , etc .
Select DVD Audio Track and Subtitle
Generally , there are several audio tracks and subtitles in a DVD disc .
Clone2 Go DVD
Ripper allows you to select any available DVD audio track and subtitle .
It also lets you rip DVD without audio track or subtitle .
Easy to Use
Batch select video files for conversion
Merge output files
Preview video / DVD files before conversion
Simple user interface , easy to navigate , easy to use
Lifelong free upgrade and free technical support
Biotechnology companies are keeping university scientists from fully researching the effectiveness and environmental impact of the industry ’s genetically modified crops , according to an unusual complaint issued by a group of those scientists .
“ No truly independent research can be legally conducted on many critical questions , ” the scientists wrote in a statement submitted to the Environmental Protection Agency .
The E.P.A. is seeking public comments for scientific meetings it will hold next week on biotech crops .
The statement will probably give support to critics of biotech crops , like environmental groups , who have long complained that the crops have not been studied thoroughly enough and could have unintended health and environmental consequences .
The researchers , 26 corn-insect specialists , withheld their names because they feared being cut off from research by the companies .
But several of them agreed in interviews to have their names used .
Crank 2 : High Voltage , check out new poster for the movie .
Click here to see all
“ Crank 2 ″
photos [ FilmoFilia Photo Gallery ] and [ FilmoFilia Photo Gallery ] and here for
“ Crank 2 ”
red band trailer .
And after you ’ve seen these 25 photos from
WASHINGTON , Jan. 14 ( UPI ) --
So far , Israel 's assault on the Gaza Strip has produced no surprises .
On the physical level of war , the Israel Defense Forces are triumphing .
The Palestinians are suffering about 100 people dead for every dead Israeli .
To a Second Generation War military , which is what Israel 's formerly Third Generation War army has become , that is the main measure of victory .
On the moral level , the picture is reversed .
Hamas , the Islamic Resistance Movement , is almost assured of victory .
As Israeli military historian Martin van Creveld has observed , all it has to do to claim victory is survive , which it will .
That claim will not be just propaganda : For Hamas to survive everything a modern state military can throw at it is a legitimate victory .
In fact , it not only will survive but also will be strengthened by a worldwide flood of sympathy , which will translate in part into new recruits and more money .
Advertisement
In the end , if Israel wants to stop Hamas ' rockets , it will be able to do so only by making a deal with Hamas .
Since that was equally true before the war , the question of why it was fought will soon present itself .
The real reason is a tad sordid :
The current Israeli government is trying to split the " get tough " vote to prevent the Likud Party from winning the next election .
The same motivation lay behind last weekend 's " discovery " that Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert asked the United States for permission to attack Iran .
The parties in the current Israeli coalition government are saying , in effect , to Israeli voters , " Why vote for an oaf like ( Likud Party leader ) Binyamin Netanyahu when you can get the same thing from us without the endless embarrassments ? "
What all Israeli parties and the IDF seem to share is that they do n't get Fourth Generation War .
They have been defeated repeatedly by 4G forces , but they do not learn .
The problem goes beyond the late U.S. Air Force Col .
John Boyd 's framework of moral - mental - physical , with the moral the most powerful level of war and the physical the weakest .
What Israel cannot grasp is that in the face of 4GW , all states should be seen as allies .
The most dangerous opponent of any 4G entity is a local state .
The state must be local : Interventions against 4GW forces by outside states are doomed to failure .
But local states sometimes can win .
It does not matter whether the state in question is a democracy .
It does not matter whether it is a friend or enemy of Israel .
By its inherent nature as a state , it will view 4G forces as threats .
A state may or may not be strong enough to suppress 4G entities on its soil .
It is in Israel 's most vital interests that neighboring states be strong enough -- morally as well as physically -- to do so .
In concrete terms , what does that suggest ?
First , it means Israel should be very concerned about the strength and solidity of Egypt , Jordan , Syria and Iraq -- Lebanon is a state in name only .
The Israeli assault on Gaza has seriously undermined the legitimacy of three of those four , with Syria the only exception .
Egypt and Jordan have diplomatic relations with Israel , and Egypt has been an all - too - obvious partner of Israel in besieging Gaza .
Iraq 's government -- still a government without a state -- is an American creation , and the United States is seen as Israel 's main enabler .
On the moral level , every Israeli bomb dropped on Gaza has also landed on Cairo , Amman and Baghdad .
--
( William S. Lind , expressing his own personal opinion , is director of the Center for Cultural Conservatism at the Free Congress Foundation . )
How To Contact Us
Thank you for your interest in Direct Express Auto Transport .
We originated the first online car shipping quote calculator in 2004 .
We never stop trying to perfect it and nobody does it better .
Main Headquarters
Direct Express Auto Transport
321 San Anselmo Avenue
San Anselmo , CA 94960
Call or fax us
Toll - Free Phone : 800-600-3750
Local Phone : 415-482-2870
Fax : 415-482-9911
E-Mail : info@autotransportdirect.com
Please use the form below or e-mail us directly .
With all the cold , overcast weather we ’ve had here in Atlanta , I have to say we ’ve time our vacation perfectly .
Okay , so we actually had no choice in the matter thanks to my husband job , but still , heading to the beach in the dead of winter sounds practically perfect to me .
So , in exactly one week ( oh yes , I ’m counting ) , I ’ll be packing up my family of five and shoving off to a warm beach destination , which in the past has meant one gigantic eco nightmare .
Granted , it is vacation and so it ’s going to be hard to keep things as green minded as I usually try to be , but thanks to so many exciting new products , it ’s not that hard to go green on vacation .
Whether you ’re flying off to an island resort , or just taking a long drive South for the winter , here are some great products that will help lessen your carbon footprint and still enjoy the sun and sand .
1. Green Toys Recycled Sand Play Set
Made from 100 % recycled milk jugs , this completely pthalate and BPA free bucket and shovel set is perfect for occupying those kiddos for long beach days .
2. Reusable Sandwich Bags
My personal favorites are the “ Lunch Skins ” from 3 Greenmoms.com .
Not only are they hearty enough to not rip or tear easily , but you can pop them right in the dishwasher or easily rinse them out .
Perfect for packing lunches !
3. Suntan Lotion
While definitely an essential step to spending any time in the sun , I ’m betting that applying lotion to a wild hog might be easier than doing it to my kids .
I ’ve found the whole process to be much easier with SuperGoop ! , a fantastic , natural lotion that comes in a handy pump .
It ’s also great for kids with sensitive skin .
4. Reusable Cloth Swim Diapers
Stocking up on a few reusable cloth swim diapers is my favorite eco friendly beach tip .
You ’ll save yourself so much money by doing this , and you wo n’t be stuffing the landfill full of waste .
5. BPA - Free Sippy Cups
There ’s no shortage of BPA - free sippy cups these days , so stock up , particularly on the metal kind which will actually help to insulate your drinks .
We ’re partial to Klean Kanteen and SIGG , but lucky for all of us , there are lots of great choices !
Of course , there are lots of other great items to make your beach vacation eco-friendly .
What are your must - haves ?
[ This post was written by Kristen Chase . ]
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is headquartered across Lafayette Park from the White House .
For the past eight years , the Chamber had open access to the Bush administration and called the shots .
The group wanted less regulation — and got it .
So , the Chamber had a big hand in creating today ’s economic climate , which is a nightmare for most workers .
The Chamber is , no surprise , leading the opposition to the Employee Free Choice Act .
In this weekend ’s Parade magazine , a top official with the Chamber explained the group ’s opposition to that legislation :
Others contend that unions have outlived their usefulness .
“ The workplace is much better today , ” says Michael Eastman of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce .
“ Employers know they need to offer certain benefits and good wages to keep good workers . ”
It takes someone living in the bubble of the Chamber of Commerce to think the workplace is much better today .
Compared to what ?
The days when there were no labor laws ?
The Chamber sets the policy for the Republicans on the Hill so it ’s no wonder all those GOP knuckleheads do n’t get the economic crisis .
The reality is that today ’s workplace sucks for many workers — if they still even have their jobs .
Unemployment is skyrocketing .
Workers are not only losing their jobs , but their health care benefits .
401 ks are tanking .
But , the Chamber does n’t want workers to organize .
The Chamber and the Wall Street CEOs , working hand in hand with the Bush administration and the rest of the GOP , did enormous damage to the workplace .
That crowd does n’t want workers to have any kind of job security , which is exactly why workers need the ability to organize .
And , unions do n’t just help union members .
They make life better for most workers :
Professor Clete Daniel , a labor expert at Cornell University , says a revived labor movement could benefit workers both in and out of unions .
“ There is definitely a need for forces that promote a fairer sharing of wealth , ” he says , noting that the gap between America ’s rich and poor is the largest it ’s been since 1928 .
Over the last 75 years , unions helped secure benefits like unemployment insurance , Social Security , and the 40 - hour workweek .
Do n’t for a second think that the Chamber , aided by its allies in the GOP , would n’t take that all away .
Do n’t for a second think they would n’t .
That ’s why they ’re all so apoplectic about the Employee Free Choice Act .
They think everything is just fine .
And , they do n’t want an even playing field for America ’s working men and women .
Last night I attended a debate / conversation between Christopher Hitchens , author of God is Not Great : How Religion Poisons Everything , and Rabbi David Wolpe , introduced as America ’s number one Rabbi ( I kid not ) .
I was there along with the Conversational Atheist and Ben from Create Cognitive Dissonance .
Ben wrote up his impressions here .
This is my summary of the debate portion taken from my notes :
David Wolpe
Wolpe presented first .
He noted that there was , in fact , a time before monotheism , and this was a savage and bloddthirsty time .
Thus , one cannot say that monotheism ( ie , the western monotheistic religions ) was responsible for introducing more violence .
Rather , the monotheistic faiths changed the expectation of how we are to behave in a postive direction .
Rome , a violent , conquering , and war - like empire , fell because of Christianity .
Suddenly , because of Christian values and ethics , people became nicer and the barbarian tribes succeeded in taking advantage of this .
Wolpe stated quite clearly that the inquisition was bad .
Very bad .
However , it was nothing like what came after the French Revolution and what was perpetuated by godless societies .
This is what happens when you extract religion from society .
It falls apart into moral decay .
But , at the same time , Wolpe claims that religion does not cause wars , humans cause wars because it is a part of human nature .
Religion comes in and tries to work against human nature and its propensity towards war and violence by revealing a universal standard of morality .
Human nature alone is not enough to explain altrusitic behavior .
As an aside , Wolpe noted that asrophysics demonstrates that it is a “ miracle ” that we are even here .
The material world – the “ world of stuff ” – could not have given rise to consciousness , poetry , literature , etc .
Finally , it is impossible to talk about or describe God , who is inifinte .
It is only possible to talk to God and form a relationship with Him .
God “ makes sense but can not be explained by sense alone . ”
Christopher Hitchens
Hitchens began by asking that , if what the Rabbi says about the moral powers of faith is valid for one faith , is it also valid for all faiths ?
If it was empirically valid that faith provides these things , then it would follow that faith leads to moral superiority .
But it clearly does not .
Faith does not give any particular individual any moral advantage over anybody else .
Quoting Thomas Jefferson , if there was a just God , why would I tremble ?
Rather , religion is essentially the evasion of moral authority by giving up all moral questions to God – the celestial , unchanging , and eternal dictator in the sky .
That move , he said , is in fact an immoral one .
Hitchens then proposed the following challenge to Wolpe and the audience : Name me an ethical statement made or an action performed by a believer that could not have been made or performed by a non-believer .
Then , as a reversal of the challenge , Hitchens rhetorically asked :
Can you think of a wicked action taken explicitly because of some religious faith ?
The answer to this question is a definitive ‘ yes ’ .
Aftermath
The rebuttals are a bit more difficult to describe because they tend to jump all over the place .
Wolpe made the remark that Thomas Jefferson owned slaves but that Moses had “ let slaves go ” ( nevermind the provisions in the Old Testament for how to treat your own slaves ! ) .
In response to Hitchen ’s remark that we are half a chromosome away from the monkeys , Wolpe said that , yes , we are animals but we are not just animals .
From whence , he asked , comes the obligation to do good ?
Religions cause divisions but it is never just religion .
God charged us to make the world a better place ( where ? ) .
Hitchen ’s basically responded to the question that often gets asked of atheists : how can you believe in a worldview that is so unpleasant ?
Well , it is a simple matter of fact and not a matter of affirmation or belief .
We have a moral duty to ourselves and to others because that is what is advantageous for us as a society , not because of a supernatural decree .
The believer typically claims that without God all things are permissible .
Whether or not you agree with that statement , is n’t the reverse at least equally if not more true ?
With God all things are permissible ?
Anything can be justified through faith or with the claim that God has commanded it .
Near the end , Wolpe conceded that there was some inate moral sense in all of us , believer or not , but attributed this to God the Creator .
Hitchens noted that this was perfectly explainable in terms of evolution , as many other animal species exhibit ( in - group ) morality .
~
There was a lot more interesting and entertaining back and forth that I did not capture in my notes and that I cannot really express here .
Hitchens was on top of his game .
Wople appeared to me to be somewhat wishy - washy and he frequently retreated to making abstract statements .
He readily admitted that religious traditions evolve historically over time and would not categorically state that religions other than Judaism are false – rather , different people take different “ paths ” or develop their relationships with God in different ways .
This to me makes
God seem like an obscurantist who will drop hints of His existence but refuses to clear up all of this confusion of doctrines and dogmas .
Hitchens , of course , agreed that religions evolved over time because they are man made and offered Wolpe a chance to retract his statement ( he responded by reaffirming it with greater force ) .
The event was held at my local Jewish Community Center , so I assumed that the audience would be more sympathetic to Rabbi Wolpe .
That did not appear to be the case at all .
Hitchens asked the audience to raise a hand if you believed that religion makes people more likely to be moral , and I counted about 5 hands in a theater that sat at least a hundred people , if not more .
Many of the questions asked during the Q & A were critical of the Rabbi and at least one questioner ( a grandmotherly lady ) was somewhat hostile towards him .
The people with whom I chatted afterwards were also sympathetic towards Hitchens and I noticed that a lot of people were carrying Hitchen ’s book rather than Wolpe ’s ( both during the event and in line for signing ) .
Bottom line :
About this question of whether religion makes people behave better or worse :
As far as I am concerned , it is enough that religions have done at least some bad things given that none of them are demonstrably true .
Mr. Tusks sent me a letter !
[ Jan. 15th , 2009 | 12:25 pm ]
Ryan
So guys a little while ago I got a mysterious package in the mail !
It was addressed to T - Rex and it was from MR .
TUSKS , with his official vice - mayoral address and everything !
Apparently T - Rex has been giving out my address .
This was really exciting , so I tore the package open .
Inside was a magnifying glass and a still - smaller package , sealed with wax !
This package was semi- transparent , and I could see a still - smaller letter inside .
Mr. Tusks had actually sent a letter all the way from Tiny Towne Island !
I was suspicious when I saw the return address because THEY CAN BE FAKED , but it was TRUE .
I opened this smaller package in haste , but not before stopping to examine the seal .
It said , " World 's Smallest Letter " and I was inclined to believe it !
At this moment I was inclined to believe anything , because fictional characters I 'd created were sending me letters .
Inside was Mr. Tusks ' actual letter ( encased in transparent plastic to protect it during shipping and to make it easy to find in the comparably voluminous envelope , I 'd imagine ) .
So tiny !
It was hard to read so I used the included magnifying glass .
I opened the sheath , and there I was , holding Mr. Tusks ' letter in my enormous hand , a hand that appears so large in this photograph that you could wrap yourself up in it at night like a warm blanket .
The tiny latter was also sealed with a tiny bit of wax - the official wax of the vice - mayor 's office , I imagine !
It was exciting to be receiving letters from people in positions of such esteem .
What did I find inside ?
A letter !
But it was extremely tiny , so I shot this through the magnifying glass supplied :
Hah hah !
Oh , Mr. Tusks !
You 're always getting involved in some SMALL piece of mischief !
ps T - Rex I am sorry I opened your mail but not that sorry
pps : also in the package was a little card from The World 's Smallest Postal Service , which is exactly what it sounds like .
Mr. Tusks clearly found a good go - between for the Tiny Towne Island Postal Service and the Canadian one !
ppps : thank you to whoever it was put these events in motion !
It made my day .
The traditional process for sourcing creative work contains significant risk for the buyer along with the potential for wonderful reward in the form of great design .
The typical risks are threefold : first , finding and working with the right designer for your project ; second , the inherent limitations in choosing design concepts ; and third , the problem of committing to buy something you have not yet seen .
There is , however , a non-traditional option that many businesses are pursuing — crowdsourcing creative work .
Wikipedia defines crowdsourcing as “ the act of taking a task traditionally performed by an employee or contractor , and outsourcing it to an undefined , generally large group of people , in the form of an open call . ”
Finding a designer , developing a working relationship , and communicating exactly what you need can be a challenge — particularly the first part .
Sure , there are plenty of ways to find a creative services provider — you can ask friends or associates for recommendations , you can pick up the yellow pages ( or the online equivalent , Google ) , or you can use a freelance marketplace online ( such as Guru or Elance ) to solicit bids .
You might have a few recommendations , you might get a dozen Google hits , or , if you post your requirements on Guru , you might receive 50 - 100 bids and proposals to wade through .
Tough Choices
But … how to choose ?
When using a traditional approach to identifying a provider , we also tend to use traditional criteria to judge their strengths and make a choice :
What is their education ?
How strong is their portfolio ?
Who are their other clients ?
Where are they located , and do they have nice offices ?
These are the questions one asks to mitigate the risk inherent in hiring a contractor or freelancer .
Once you have found a provider , the challenge becomes communicating exactly what you are looking for , and vocabulary can often be a barrier .
Adjectives can often fail us in these situations , particularly when the buyer is not particularly sophisticated in the terminology ( e.g. “ modern , ” “ traditional , ” “ futuristic , ” “ cool , ” “ funky . ” )
How do you go about telling someone what you want your brand to represent ?
The best designers will spend time with the client to understand their business and their audiences and will work hard to lead the client to a great solution .
But the ability to truly understand their client ’s business is not something that every designer brings to the table .
It is incumbent on the buyer to find a way to communicate their needs .
When you are shopping for a television , Best Buy displays 30 or 40 different models to choose from .
At the grocery store , Campbell ’s Soup typically has about 50 running feet of shelf space with every imaginable variety there for the choosing .
But when you hire a designer using the traditional model , you typically will receive three to five working design “ concepts ” to choose from , and ( hopefully ) one will suit your needs .
But this limited choice is , well , limiting .
You will choose one , and you will work with the designer on revisions , and ( if you did your homework and hired a good provider ) you will probably end up with a nice piece of work .
But , until those final deliverables are in your hands , you do n’t really know what you ’re going to end up with .
And there is no guarantee that you will be happy .
More Choices
Which brings us to crowdsourced design .
There are numerous online services that take the freelance marketplace we talked about earlier to the next level using the power of crowdsourcing .
These sites do n’t simply facilitate one - to - one connections between buyers and sellers of an unspecified universe of services — they focus in on specific markets where they can leverage their expertise most effectively .
For creative services , online marketplaces such as Crowdspring take the transaction from start to finish and ensure that all of the risks inherent to outsourced design are addressed by tapping a global pool of creatives rather than a single individual .
Even within creative services you can find the crowdsourcing model further drilled down to fill very specific niches .
Threadless , for example , uses the model for t- shirt designs .
Popdeck is for skateboard designs , and Redesignme is for product design .
There are even sites like Sellaband that have repurposed the crowdsourcing model for the music industry , and we ’re seeing more and more examples of some of the world ’s best known brands , including Starbucks and Dell leveraging crowdsourcing for product design and marketing .
The difference between these sites and the traditional approach to outsourcing becomes obvious when we examine how crowdsourcing is integrated into the user experience , which usually starts with buyers posting projects and designers from around the world providing designs created to the buyer ’s specifications .
Leveraging the crowd for creative services addresses the shortcomings inherent in traditional sourcing , and is a fast and simple way to find a creative .
It provides virtually unlimited choice , and it significantly reduces the buyer ’s risk .
Get Specific
Using a crowdsourced approach to creative services , buyers can write and post a creative brief to communicate exactly what they are looking for .
The brief can describe the business , the product or service offered , the audience they are communicating to , and the basic look and / or feel they are going for .
They are free to name the price they wish to pay , determine the length of the project ( typically 1 - 3 weeks ) , and list the file formats they need delivered .
In turn , the tens of thousands of designers from around the world who comprise the sell side of crowdsourced design services can upload actual designs for the buyer to choose from , and an average project can receive up to 100 entries .
Using crowdsourced design services , buyers can usually score each entry and give feedback to the designers , who can then revise their entries and re-post for the buyer ’s approval .
And at the end of the project , the buyer simply chooses the entry they like best ( much like that TV at Best Buy ) and in some cases , such as with Crowdspring , the site handles payment and file delivery along with legal agreements for both parties to transfer the rights to the intellectual property being bought .
This model does have its detractors , with many designers who work in the traditional model decrying “ spec ” work and insisting that the process devalues good design .
They argue that the buyer reaps all of the benefits in crowdsourced creative services and that the designer creates work with no guarantee of being paid for their services .
But , much like traditional outsourcing , the Internet has enabled a new way of doing business in the creative world , and given creatives around the world access to new jobs and new clients .
The new crowdsourcing model for outsourced provides a truly level competitive playing field for designers .
It no longer matters where a designer was educated , how fat their portfolio is , what their client list looks like , or how fancy their office is .
All that matters is their idea and how well it meets the buyer ’s objectives .
And for buyers of creative services it is the idea that matters first and always .
is cofounder of Crowdspring , a site that enables crowdsourcing on a project basis .
Facebook may have done an about - face with its policies on using user data , but the social network 's struggle to balance business with privacy is far from over .
Facebook CEO
Mark Zuckerberg announced the company would revert to its old terms of use in a blog posting late Tuesday night .
The decision followed wide - reaching outrage over the service 's updated policies on user - generated content .
The changes essentially gave Facebook a " perpetual " license to use any uploaded materials within advertising or any number of other venues -- even if the user had long since deleted the content , or even deleted the account .
Advocates in Action
Facebook 's backtracking announcement came just hours after word broke that the Electronic Privacy Information Center ( EPIC ) , an advocacy group based in Washington , D.C. , intended to file a formal complaint with the Federal Trade Commission over the altered licenses .
" What we sensed was taking place was that Facebook was asserting a greater legal authority over the user - generated content , " says EPIC Executive Director Marc Rotenberg .
" It represented a fundamental shift in terms of how the company saw its ability to exercise control over what its users were posting , and that really concerned us . "
Shortly after Rotenberg shared those concerns and his complaint - filing intentions with PC World , he received a phone call .
" We got a call late last night from Facebook and they said that they were thinking of going back to their original terms of service , " he says .
" We said that if they would agree to do that , we would n't see the need to file the complaint . "
The complaint -- which ran 25 pages and had support from about a dozen other consumer and civil liberty groups -- essentially asked the FTC to require Facebook to readopt its previous policies .
The fact that Facebook ended up doing so on its own was a pleasant , though perhaps unexpected , surprise .
" We 've been in this situation before with other companies that have really dug in their heels and tried to fight it out in the courts and the media .
I think Facebook did the right thing , " Rotenberg says .
The Power of Protest
Rotenberg gives much of the credit to Julius Harper Jr. , a 25 - year - old who formed the now - 88,000 - member - strong " People Against the New Terms of Service " Facebook group .
Harper 's efforts began as a simple protest , but they quickly became much more .
He and other members , for example , formulated a list of " three big questions for Facebook " and submitted it to the service 's legal team .
The list asked why the terms of service seemed to give Facebook the right to use user photos if the company did n't intend to exercise that option .
" Will I wind up seeing pictures of my niece staring at me from a bus stop at some point and be told I shoulda read the fine print ? " one user asked .
The note also raised the issue of what would happen if Facebook were to be bought out by another corporation at some point in the future , and the new owner were to hold less honorable intentions than Zuckerberg and his team may now .
The updated terms of service , the document suggested , would give that owner powerful rights over user - generated content being created today .
" As we all know , corporate strategies adjust , CEOs change , boards of directors shuffle and companies get bought out .
We 're just looking for some legal assurances in writing that if and when that happens , we wo n't be left in the cold , " the group stated .
Harper and his supporters received a response from a Facebook spokesperson Tuesday night .
It said that executives realized " the new version of the terms might technically permit some of the hypothetical situations " the group had raised .
It went on to assure that those were n't situations Facebook " had in mind " when updating its terms .
Those kinds of consequences , however -- even if unintended - - were exactly what had troubled Harper .
" The legal language is very overarching and very scary if you really take a minute to think about what the implications are , " Harper says .
" [ It ] was basically saying , ' We own you . '
And so that ’s where the issue came from . "
Now , Harper and his followers are claiming a victory -- but the biggest work , staying involved in Facebook 's efforts to reformulate its terms , is still ahead of them .
" What this issue is that I hope Facebook will stick with is that they should set a precedent by rewriting their terms of service in English , " Harper says .
" I 'm hoping this will affect other companies in the industry as well , because Facebook is just one of many , many services that people like me use . "
An Ongoing Effort
For privacy advocate group EPIC , a victory is n't yet so clear .
" It 's great that Facebook has responded , and I think that ’s a step in the right direction -- but these issues do n’t go away , and it 's going to be an ongoing concern for users of new network - based services until we get comprehensive privacy laws in place , " Rotenberg says .
In the immediate future , EPIC plans to keep a close eye on Facebook 's progress and the rights of its users .
Rotenberg promises he and his colleagues will step in if the need arises -- and wo n't hesitate to appeal to the FTC if it becomes necessary , either .
" People should n’t have to run around trying to think about which stuff they 're going to delete , " Rotenberg says .
" People should n’t be in that position .
They should be able to sign up for a service with the confidence that their rights will be respected . "
One new concern already on the horizon comes with Facebook 's updated advertising models .
The site is now utilizing APIs to pull user data off of status updates , Rotenberg says , then use it within ads placed on the page .
" People ... who care about privacy on Facebook typically do n’t install applications , because they know that applications are pulling down a lot of their data .
But if you 're not installing applications and you learn that the information that you 're putting in your status updates is being provided for advertising , you might be a little upset , " Rotenberg says .
Luckily , organizations like EPIC are on the watch .
And so , too , are thousands of regular users -- people just like Julius Harper Jr .
" The fact that [ the protest group ] blew up so huge has to do more with how people on the service felt way more than it had to do with me , " Harper says .
" Had I not done it , it would have happened some other way .
But I 'm grateful that I got to be part of the process and make a real difference on something that affects millions of people . "
( CNN ) --
A woman has been hospitalized with serious injuries to her face , neck and hands after a pet chimpanzee attacked her at a friend 's home in Stamford , Connecticut .
Travis is shown in 2003 , when he escaped and " wreaked havoc " on the streets of Stamford , Connecticut .
Charla Nash , 55 , had just arrived at her friend Sandra Herold 's house when the chimp , named Travis , jumped on her and began biting and mauling her , according to Stamford Police Capt .
Rich Conklin , who said the attack was unprovoked .
Herold had called Nash over to her house to help get Travis back inside after he used a key to free himself from the house .
After the attack , Herold was unable to pull the primate off her friend .
She then called 911 before grabbing a butcher knife and stabbing the chimp , who police said was like a child to her .
Stamford police shot the chimp multiple times when he ripped off a side mirror and tried to enter a police cruiser , Conklin said .
Travis returned to the house and died inside .
Conklin estimated Travis to be in his 20s , weighing close to 200 pounds .
The police captain also said this is n't the first interaction his officers have had with Travis -- the chimp escaped in 2003 and " wreaked havoc " on the streets of Stamford for a couple of hours .
In 2005 , a different chimp escaped from California 's Animal Haven Ranch and chewed off a man 's nose and genitals .
During an interview after that attack , wildlife expert Jeff Corwin told CNN 's Anderson Cooper that chimpanzees are " absolutely powerful . "
" It 's often said that an adult chimpanzee weighing in at 150 pounds is three to seven times stronger than a human being , " Corwin said .
" The thing about chimpanzees is , we sort of look at them through our rose - colored cultural glasses of the cute little chimp in the ' Tarzan ' movie .
Those are very young chimps .
Chimps grow up , they become very powerful .
They are very complex in their behavior .
They have a whole range of emotions , including violence and anger . "
All About Stamford
Now that the greatest strategic disaster in American military history is an accomplished fact , its architects are distancing themselves from their handiwork .
For the past year or two , we have been treated to the spectacle of what might be called neoconservative panic syndrome  the cabal that lied us into war is frightened to death of being held responsible for the catastrophe .
Their catastrophe .
And who can blame them ?
After all , the consequences could include prosecution for all sorts of crimes , running the gamut from torture to deliberately misleading Congress to violation of the Intelligence Identities Protection Act .
In a halfway rational world , these people would be tarred and feathered , at the very least , before the law had a chance to nab them .
Instead , these war birds are still pontificating from their protected perches on the op - ed pages of the New York Times and the Washington Post , albeit to a shrinking and increasingly skeptical audience .
Some have recanted .
Others , less reflective , blame everyone but themselves .
And a good many are defiant and more full of themselves  as well as other substances  than ever .
Such a one is Richard Perle , the so - called Dark Prince of the neocons , the most relentless and disreputable of the lot .
Writing in The National Interest , where Francis Fukuyama first proclaimed “ the end of history , ” Perle treats us to a neocon revision of some very recent history  in other words , an account of the origins and execution of the Iraq war that will appear in the history books of Bizarro World .
According to Perle , the palace revolution carried out by the War Party in the wake of 9/11  which Bob Woodward likened to the establishment of “ a separate government ” by the neocons  never really came off :
“ For eight years George W. Bush pulled the levers of government  sometimes frantically  never realizing that they were disconnected from the machinery and the exertion was largely futile .
As a result , the foreign and security policies declared by the president in speeches , in public and private meetings , in backgrounders and memoranda often had little or no effect on the activities of the sprawling bureaucracies charged with carrying out the president ’s policies .
They did n’t need his directives : they had their own . ”
This is the essence of Perle ’s claim of non-responsibility : well , you see , we tried to pull off a coup , but failed to really gain control of the governmental apparatus .
The neocon purge of the “ bureaucracy ”  i.e. , the career intelligence and diplomatic officials who knew Iraq would be a disaster and warned against it  was incomplete .
Left - wing critics of Stalin often made the same complaint , and in pretty much the same spirit .
Perle , it seems , has joined the ranks of the Bush - haters .
I would n’t be surprised to learn that his next perch is at the Huffington Post .
His vehemence is Olbermannesque :
“ Again and again the president declared ‘ unacceptable ’ activities that his administration went on to accept : North Korean nuclear weapons ; North Korean missile tests ; Iran ’s nuclear - weapons program ; the Russian invasion of Georgia ; genocide in Sudan ; Syrian and Iranian support for jihadists in Iraq and elsewhere  the list is long .
Throughout his presidency , Bush demanded that these states change their ways .
When they declined to do so , policy shifted to an unanchored , foundering diplomacy engineered by a diplomatic establishment , unencumbered , especially in the second term , by even the weak , largely useless scrutiny it had come to expect from the National Security Council .
When Condoleezza Rice moved to the Department of State , the gamekeeper ( however ineffective ) turned poacher , and the Bush presidency  its credibility gravely diminished  became indistinguishable from the institutional worldview of the State Department .
There it remains today . ”
North Korea , Iran , Russia , Sudan , Syria : a veritable cornucopia of missed opportunities to make war .
What a waste !
A tragedy , really .
Yet the neocons have their little compensations .
Condi , that poaching peacenik , got her comeuppance when the Israelis yanked the president out of the middle of a formal address and pulled the rug out from under her plan to vote for the UN ’s Gaza cease - fire resolution .
Oh , but here ’s my favorite part : “ the Bush presidency  its credibility gravely diminished ” !
Who does he think did the diminishing ?
Why , anyone but he and his gung - ho pro-war pals in the office of the vice president and the policy arm of the Pentagon , where the war plans were hatched .
The neocons really are a fickle bunch : they disdain the very idea of party loyalty , or , indeed , fealty to anything other than their own access to power .
Out of power and wildly unpopular , Bush and his party are no longer useful .
The neocons were Democrats originally , anyhow , and they wo n’t have much trouble emigrating to greener pastures .
Not that Perle is going to get a job in the Obama administration , but a reasonable approximation of his viewpoint is well - represented at the highest levels .
Dennis Ross , who co-signed statements with Perle ’s neocon comrades at the Project for a New American Century on the eve of war with Iraq , is a high - profile example .
( Incidentally , for all Perle ’s railing against those pantywaist diplomats , it looks like Hillary Clinton ’s State Department is slated as the new nesting place for our war birds . )
Perle ’s justification for the Iraq war is a typically extreme example of neocon hysterics .
According to him , the decision to go to war was n’t about democracy , oil , Israel , or neoconservative ideology .
Instead , it was
“ About how to manage the risk that [ Saddam Hussein ] would facilitate a catastrophic attack on the United States .
To say the decision to remove him was mistaken because stockpiles of WMD were never found is akin to saying that it was a mistake to buy fire insurance last year because your house did n’t burn down or health insurance because you did n’t become ill .
No one would take seriously the question , ‘ Would you have bought Enron stock if you had known it would go down ? ’ and no one should take seriously the facile conclusion that invading Iraq was mistaken because we now know Saddam did not possess stockpiles of WMD . ”
War , then , is benign , it protects us , it ’s a good thing  you know , like an insurance policy with some very high premiums .
Does it get any creepier than that ?
The Enron analogy is closer to the truth .
Enron , after all , was engaged in massive fraud and theft , and those who bought into the scam were duly ripped off .
That just about sums up the history of the Iraq war .
To begin with , the idea that Iraq could launch an attack on the continental United States is , and was then , utter bunk .
Bush actually claimed the Iraqis were about to mount an air attack using drones , and now Perle is re-conjuring that post - 9/11 hallucination , this time without even bothering to make a link between al - Qaeda and Saddam Hussein .
What he does n’t mention is that the crackpot theories of Laurie Mylroie  who has made a rather strange career out of blaming Saddam Hussein for practically every act of human perfidy since the Haymarket bombing  served as holy writ for top policymakers , including Paul Wolfowitz .
Mylroie ’s ravings were pushed by the American Enterprise Institute , once the home of so many scholarly warmongers .
Perle has seemingly dropped the never quite believable canard that Saddam Hussein was in league with al - Qaeda , one supposes because it ’s been debunked so thoroughly .
All the propaganda we used to hear , day and night , in the run-up to war has been reduced , by Perle , to a single overriding principle : the only way to reduce risk to manageable levels in the age of terrorism is to overreact as a matter of course .
Yet that is putting it far too abstractly .
Perle ’s fire insurance analogy would make sense if , in order to ensure that your house is n’t gutted by a nearby arsonist , you proceeded to preemptively torch your neighbors ’ homes .
This is n’t a policy , it ’s a war crime .
The shameless Perle is unfazed by the almost universal opprobrium he and his neoconservative confreres have evoked on all sides of the conventional political spectrum .
A formerly rarefied distaste and suspicion , largely confined to this Web site and the neocons ’ critics on the Right , is today well nigh universal .
Perle denies everything , admits nothing .
He even denies the neoconservatives had anything to do with the war , either its conception or its execution .
A trail of evidence several hundred leagues - long tells us otherwise .
Confronted with reality , Perle feints and dodges , claiming that he ’s been misquoted , perhaps deliberately .
In a footnote he complains that John Pilger attributes to him the following :
“ If we just let our vision of the world go forth , and we embrace it entirely and we do n’t try to piece together clever diplomacy , but just wage a total war our children will sing great songs about us years from now . ' ”
Perle avers : “ Despite the fact that I never said this or anything like it , and Pilger offers no source , it has appeared in quotation marks in hundreds of publications . ”
Actually , Perle is right , in this instance , and Pilger is wrong .
In his book The New Rulers of the World , Pilger attributes this quote to Perle , but he does cite a source : a piece in the Green Left Weekly .
Yet the Weekly does n’t attribute this to Perle , but to Michael Ledeen , then at the American Enterprise Institute , who appeared on a panel moderated and introduced by Perle , shortly after 9/11 .
With great fanfare , AEI , otherwise known as Neocon Central , rolled out its program : “ A War of Ideas in the U.S. War on Terrorism , ” featuring Perle , Ledeen , Newt Gingrich , Natan Sharansky , the deputy prime minister of Israel , and former CIA chief and World War III proponent R. James Woolsey .
When Ledeen called for “ total war , ” Perle did not dissent .
Instead , he took the opportunity , after all the speakers were done , to take the podium to call for immediate war with Iraq :
“ Can we afford to wait , given that we are in a situation rather similar to the situation the Israelis were in in 1981 ?
We know that Saddam Hussein hates the United States .
He has made that clear .
We know that he is engaged in acts of terror himself .
We know that he has ties to terrorist organizations , including al - Qaeda and others .
And we know that he has weapons of mass destruction and is trying to acquire even more of them ; but , for starters , we know he has anthrax .
“ Can we afford to wait and hope that he chooses not to do something that is perfectly within his means to do , and that is distribute anthrax to anonymous terrorists who might then use it , not a few spores at a time in letters sent through the mail but in a way that could kill tens of thousands of Americans , maybe even more , in a single attack ?
Is it prudent to wait and hope that he does n’t do what we know he is capable of doing ? ”
Perle was n’t alone in blaming the anthrax letters on the Iraqis , without evidence or apparently the need for any .
Andrew Sullivan agreed that Saddam was responsible , although the War Party ’s self - appointed intellectual enforcer and chief hysteric upped the ante considerably by calling for an all - out nuclear attack on Iraq .
Sure , there was no evidence linking the Iraqis to the anthrax missives , yet , according to the Perle Principle of Preemption , it would be just too risky to wait for confirmation of our worst fears  and if we ’re wrong , what have we got to lose ?
Just a million or so Iraqis , thousands of dead and wounded U.S. soldiers , and trillions of taxpayer dollars , that ’s all .
You see , it ’s just like fire insurance
Microsoft is crying foul over recent comments made by an Adobe executive that Silverlight has " fizzled " as a competitor to Adobe 's Flash .
In his blog , Tim Sneath , director of the Windows and Silverlight technical evangelism team , accused Adobe Executive Vice President and CFO Mark Garrett of " living in a fantasy world " if he thinks that Silverlight adoption is waning .
" The idea that Silverlight is in anything other than rude health is more to do with what Adobe would like to be the case , rather than what actually is the case , " he wrote in the blog posting .
" The suggestion that ' Silverlight adoption has fizzled out in the last 6 - 9 months ' is pretty risible , in fact .
For starters , Silverlight 2 shipped four months ago , and in just the first month of its availability , we saw over 100 million successful installations just on consumer machines .
That does n't sound like ' fizzling out ' to me . "
Sneath was responding to comments Garrett made when answering a question about Silverlight and the competitive landscape at the Thomas Weisel Partners Technology & Telecom Conference 2009 in San Francisco on Tuesday .
In his comments , confirmed Thursday by an Adobe representative , Garrett said Silverlight adoption was strong when the technology was right out of the gate but has tapered off in the past six to nine months .
Sneath 's reference to Silverlight 2 , the second version of the technology , is key to his defense of the technology .
Silverlight , which comprises a tool for developing and designing Internet applications and a media player for delivering content , was first introduced in 1.0 version in April 2007 .
However , it was n't until the release of Silverlight 2 that the technology was fully baked and became truly viable as an alternative to Adobe Flash .
But Microsoft has lost customers when Silverlight did n't live up to its expectations , even after Silverlight 2 was released .
MLB.com , which switched from Flash to Silverlight to stream live baseball games beginning in August 2007 with Silverlight 1.0 , said in November — a month after 2's release — that it was dumping Silverlight and had signed a two - year deal with Adobe to use Flash again for live streaming .
That said , some high - profile Web sites have used Silverlight 2 to live - stream some notable events recently — the inauguration of U.S. President Barack Obama last month and the 2008 Summer Olympics in August among them .
In his post , Sneath pointed out some other recent high - profile Silverlight customers , not just in the U.S. but also overseas .
In the U.S. , both Netflix and the Home Shopping Network launched on - demand services that use Silverlight , he said .
In Europe , satellite broadcast network Sky launched a video - on - demand service using Silverlight in December , and the technology also is being adopted for television broadcasting portals in Japan and Korea , Sneath added .
But Flash has had a significant head start and adoption of the technology remains strong , according to Adobe , which has been doing some touting of its own , lately not just about Flash but also about a new technology , Adobe Integrated Runtime ( AIR ) .
AIR allows developers to use the same tools with which they build Web - based applications to create desktop apps .
Two weeks ago , Adobe said the newest version of Flash , Flash 10 , was installed on more than 55 percent of computers worldwide in the first two months of its release and is expected to surpass 80 percent adoption by the second quarter , the fastest installation rate of any versions of the technology .
Moreover , AIR has reached nearly 100 million installations in less than a year after release .
Flash is actually gaining momentum since Microsoft released Silverlight , according to comScore research for 2008 that shows Flash increasing its worldwide share of video on the Web from 66 percent to more than 80 percent .
Also , although Silverlight has scored some high - profile Web sites as customers , enterprise developers have said its adoption among businesses — a scenario in which it actually has an advantage over Flash because of Microsoft 's historical strength in that market and the ability of developers to use .NET tools to build Silverlight applications — has been lackluster .
Developers cited Silverlight 2's launch during an economic recession — when businesses , particularly enterprises , are hesitant to adopt new technologies — as a factor hampering its adoption .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Give me a break .
Last week , we heard that Obama ’s revolving door restrictions ( which I applauded ) would be bypassed for the new No. 2 man in the DOD , who as recently as 2008 had been chief lobbyist for Raytheon , a massive defense contractor .
Now we ’re hearing that Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner is making a recent lobbyist for Goldman Sachs named Mark Patterson his chief of staff .
Less than a year ago , Patterson was going to Congress and the Treasury to pimp Goldman ’s interests .
Now he ’ll play a pivotal role in handing out TARP funds to Goldman and others .
How is this not an obviously impermissible conflict ?
What makes this so bizarre is that Geithner just banned the use of TARP funds for lobbying purposes .
( He literally did this earlier this morning . )
He understands the… unhelpful role that lobbying can play when trying to make solid , untainted policy that is in the best interest of the public .
And yet , somehow , he ’s decided to make Patterson his chief of staff .
And somehow , Obama is letting him .
How many waivers until the revolving door rules become meaningless ?
And why issue rules in the first place if the administration has the right to disobey them whenever it deems necessary ?
Welcome to the Wikimedia Usability wiki .
This wiki served as a knowledge collective and collaboration space for the Wikipedia Usability Initiative and the Multimedia Usability Project .
It was discontinued in January 2011 , as both these grant - funded projects were over .
Where to go now ?
The dramatic chart Nancy Pelosi ’s office put out comparing job losses so far in the current recession with those in 2001 and 1990 - 1991 has gotten a lot of play in the Internets .
As well it should –it paints a dramatic picture ( job losses in the current recession have been much more severe ) .
But we already knew this recession was a lot worse than the last two .
It would be far more informative to have comparisons with the deeper recessions of 1981 - 1982 and 1974 - 1975 .
So here ’s a chart of what happened to payroll employment during every recession since the mid-1970s .
I ’ve done everything in percentage terms because there are a lot more people in the labor force now than in the 1970s , but otherwise followed the format of the Pelosi chart :
Graphic by Feilding Cage / TIME.com
What do we learn ?
So far the fall in employment is comparable to that in 1974 - 1975 and 1981 - 1982 .
If the comparison holds , the declines should end within the next four or five months .
But we of course have no idea whether the comparison will hold .
Past performance is no guarantee of future results .
Another lesson brought home by the chart is how weak the recovery from the 2001 recession was .
It was a mild recession , but it took four years for employment to return to its February 2001 peak .
Setting aside the worst - case scenario of a continued downward employment spiral that puts 1974 - 1975 and 1981 - 1982 to shame , a recession that combines a severity akin to that of 1974 - 1975 and 1981 - 1982 with a recovery as anemic as 2001 - 2002- 2003 -2004-2005 would be not a whole lotta fun .
Update : Economist William Polley beat me to this , and includes in his chart every recession since World War II .
That makes the chart pretty hard to read–but it ’s still worth a look .
Gaza wounded dying because ambulances can't reach them : Red Cross RAW STORY
Published : Monday January 5 , 2009
Print This Email This GENEVA ( AFP ) 
People wounded in fighting in the Gaza Strip are dying because ambulances cannot reach them , the International Committee of the Red Cross said Monday .
" The situation is extremely dangerous and the coordination of ambulance services is very complex because of the incessant attacks and military operations , " ICRC spokeswoman Dorothea Krimitsas said in Geneva .
" Wounded people have died while waiting for Palestinian Red Crescent ambulances , " she added .
The International Committee of the Red Cross was also concerned about water supplies in the densely populated coastal strip .
Krimitsas said two out of the 45 wells in the Gaza Strip were out of action after having been hit during Israeli air raids , while the pumps on eight others were no longer working because of power cuts .
" Half a million people , that 's about one third of the population of the territory , are threatened with being completely deprived of water , " she said .
Krimitsas said technicians needed to gain access to the electrical installations damaged during the fighting .
A team of four ICRC medical staff , including a surgeon , were allowed into the Gaza Strip from Israel on Monday after three days ' delay , the relief agency said .
They are due to help staff at the territory 's Shifa hospital carry out complex operations on the wounded .
The medical team also brought in tetanus vaccines for children and blood supplies , Krimitsas said .
image credit : lastbeats
If you ’re a blogger , marketer , designer or any type of creative , your best ideas probably hit you when you ’re not actively looking for them .
Rather , they strike when you ’re engaged in another task , or sometimes quite randomly .
That is why it is vital to carry a pad and pen ( or the digital variety ) with you everywhere you go .
What happens to me in many cases is my best ideas strike while in the shower , driving my car , at the gym or while running / rock climbing / swimming — times when I ca n’t just stop what I ’m doing and write down an idea ( hey inventors , here ’s an idea : a water - proof white board for the shower ) .
Anyway while working out the other day , it struck me how going to the gym is highly analogous to blogging .
The analogy is as simple as : going to the gym is good for your body , as blogging is good for your brain .
Think about it :
People get equally excited about the ideas of blogging and going to the gym and start out strong thinking how easy this will be , however only a few push through the dip ( 133 million blogs since 2002 , yet only around 76,000 blogs have a Technorati Authority of 50 or higher ) .
Most people only go to the gym a few times before giving up .
Most people only put down a few blog entries before giving up .
Both blogging and going to the gym are large commitments if you want to be successful , but the rewards are huge with each .
When you ’re new , it ’s easy to get both discouraged yet inspired when you see people in great shape .
Same with seeing bloggers with hundreds of thousands of readers when you ’re just starting out .
The payoff for success at blogging and going to the gym is not instant , rather the payoff is due to sustained effort over time with cumulative benefits .
Once you get into a groove , blogging and going to the gym become easier , more natural and much more rewarding with time .
Why blogging is such a a fantastic brain boost
Internal reflection and personal growth
Blogging allows you as a professional to share what you ’ve learned with the world in a tangible format and concurrently solidify your learnings for later reflection .
Over time , you are creating a personal knowledge base to build upon ideas , improving them and adding to them over time as you learn .
It is a a process that keeps moving as long as you are growing .
You develop much further by coming home each day and spending some time to archive / share your inspirations , reflections or thoughts than if you keep them locked up inside where they may be lost .
Challenging yourself to consistently share ideas
Just like you have to challenge your body to go to the gym , you have to challenge and train your mind to organize your thoughts to share with your audience daily .
Eventually you will start to see potential blog ideas everywhere .
You ’ll encourage your brain to form fresh connections daily .
A book that you write slowly over time
I ’ve written nearly 200 posts over the last year here at The Future Buzz , of varying length ( some quite short , others several pages in length ) .
The point is I have a set of themes I write and continue to build upon over time .
If you ’ve been a subscriber for a decent amount of time , you probably see the overarching picture I am painting with my ideas and getting to know my worldview ( and for those of you who comment here , reply personally or respond on your own blog , I am getting to know you too ) .
Tom Peters states he enjoys blogging even more than writing books , and I understand why .
Blogging is like writing an open , social book , bit by bit .
Blogging keeps your mind sharp , improves your writing , brings you closer to intellectual people
By getting into a strong blogging routine , you will challenge your mind to grow and stay sharp , your writing will have a marked improvement and you ’ll network / learn from other smart people in your niche .
Conclusion
Just like you can tell people the benefits of working out yet they ’ll never make it to the gym a day in their life , I can tell you the benefits of blogging and you may never blog a day in your life .
That ’s up to you , however I think this analogy is a fantastic explanation for why blogging is beneficial .
Related posts from The Future Buzz
How To Successfully Integrate Blogging Into Your Busy Life
Why Every Marketer / PR Pro Should Have A Blog
Finding Balance : Vital For Workers
In The Information Economy
Related posts from around the web
Start A Blog Today ( Six Pixels Of Separation )
40 Key Elements to Getting Started In Social Media ( LouisGray.com )
12 Reasons Why You Should Start a Blog ( The Blog Herald )
To add Wiimote support on Ubuntu 8.10 , start by running the command “ sudo apt - get install wminput wmgui lswm ” to install the CWiid library and associated software .
If you ’re using a desktop machine , you probably do n’t have Bluetooth capability .
If you run the program “ lswm ” and see the message “ No Bluetooth interface found ” then you need to get a Bluetooth adapter , which is a dongle that uses a USB port to add Bluetooth abilities .
I bought the IOGear GBU421 because it seems to be well - supported in Linux and only costs about $ 20 .
It ’s also so tiny that it ’s cute .
It looks like this :
I told you it was cute . 🙂
Now put your Wiimote in discoverable mode by pressing the 1+2 buttons at the same time and then within 15 - 20 seconds , run “ lswm ” again and you ’ll get a Bluetooth identifier back :
lswm
Put Wiimotes in discoverable mode now ( press 1+2 ) …
00:17 :AB:2A:3C:BD
Congrats , your Linux machine can see the Wiimote !
Now run the “ wmgui ” program to get a very nice user interface that will show you the sensor readings on your Wiimote :
That ’s really all there is to it .
Once your Ubuntu machine can see the Wiimote , you can do all sorts of tricks with it .
You could do head tracking , camera tracking , control MythTV with it , etc. Linux / Ubuntu 8.10 handles the IOGear GBU421 plus a Wiimote really well .
Update : I made a video of using a Wii mote with Ubuntu if you ’d like to watch :
YOU’LL never catch a rainbow , but it might just be possible to trap one inside a specially designed grating .
If the technique works , the advance would revolutionise computing and telecommunication networks .
In existing networks and computers , signals have to be converted back and forth from optical to electrical .
Devices that use optical signals alone could be much faster and more efficient , but doing this means being able to stop or slow down light long enough to carry out the necessary computations or operations .
Light has been slowed down , and even stopped , inside gases of ultra-cold atoms and inside specially …
" If I do n't have a good shower , I am not myself .
I feel weak and ineffectual .
I 'm not Kramer . " - Kramer , in " The Shower Head "
Ever wish you had more shower power ?
Maybe you fantasize about the " Stockholm Superstream , " or the " Commando 450 " ( designed for circus elephants ! ) from " The Shower Head " episode of Seinfeld .
Maybe you the resent the paternalism and limitations on capitalism that low flow showerheads represent .
Or maybe you just want to get the Federal Government , and the G reen Part y * , out of your bathroom .
In any case , if you want a shower - massage - tastic , firehose - me - like - a- rioter , The - Maid - of - the - Mist - is - off - course - and - has - entered - the - falls , good - God - Almighty - that ’s - some - water - pressure showering experience then read on .
* Often called " the Watermelon Party " by Neal Boortz , since they ’re Green on the outside and Red ( Communist ) on the inside .
First , a disclaimer : I am neither a plumber , nor a lawyer , so consult one of each before attempting anything described on this page .
This page constitutes neither legal advice , nor plumbing advice , as I am not qualified to dispense either one .
Required Tools :
A medium - sized crescent wrench
A roll of teflon tape
A screwdriver ( probably )
A drill ( if you ca n’t get the specific parts referenced here )
15 minutes to an hour of time , depending on your mechanical inclination .
Legal Ramifications :
With regard to the law , everyone seems to think that it ’s illegal to use pre-ban " assault " showerheads .
A quick perusal of plumbing references online indicate sales and use of such became illegal some time between 1992 and 1995 , and threatens dire consequences for plumbers who install such fixtures .
The Seinfeld episode " The Shower Head " portrays a back - alley " black market " for illegally imported , high flow showerheads .
A trip to the local law library clarifies this somewhat .
The Energy Policy Act of 1992 ( citation : Pub .L 102-486 )
Title I , Section 123 , which went into effect January 1 , 1994 , says :
" ( j ) Standards for Showerheads and Faucets .
( 1 ) The maximum water use allowed for any showerhead manufactured after January 1 , 1994 , is 2.5 gallons per minute when measured at a flowing water pressure of 80 pounds per square inch ... "
This law generally seems to deal with manufacturers engaged in selling plumbing fixtures .
Note that , as a consumer , you are probably neither a manufacturer , nor are you probably intending to go into the business of selling showerheads .
However , if BATFE firearm regulations are any indication of how creatively a law can be interpreted at the administrative level , you may be engaged in the act of " manufacturing a showerhead " by simply modifying an existing showerhead to have a greater water use or water pressure .
So if armed Environmental Protection Agency agents storm your house , stomp on your kittens , and confiscate your plumbing fixtures , you were forewarned .
Local laws also tend to vary quite a bit , so check them too before engaging in any risky plumbing behavior .
Even more locally , if you rent , your lease may forbid replacing plumbing fixtures without the landlord ’s permission .
In light of the described legal obscurity , this page is intended as a reference for converting plumbing fixtures bought in the US for use in some less hygienically oppressive sovereign state .
Advantages of doing this :
More water pressure = more enjoyable shower .
Sadly , when the government set a 2.5 gpm limit on a showerhead , manufacturers went substantially lower than this ( say , 2.0 gpm ) to avoid any recalls or liablity resulting from variable manufacturing tolerances .
This rationale is similar to the one used by shotgun manufacturers who sell their 18 " - barreled shotguns with an 18.5 " barrel to leave no margin for mistake with regard to the federally - mandated 18 " minimum length .
It ’s funny , thousands of sites ( literally ; do a Google search ! ) call low flow showers " high efficiency showers . "
By this rationale , walking is more efficient than driving , simply because you use less gasoline in the process .
What can we learn from this ?
What constitutes " efficiency " is dependent upon one ’s agenda !
Faster to warm up .
If you have a traditional ( tank ) water heater , the shower will warm up faster , since you 'll more quickly cycle through the cold or room - temperature water than sits between the pipes and the water heater .
Safer .
According to a recent study by the University of Cincinnati , the nationwide switch to low - flow showerheads has resulted in higher incident of respiratory illness ( from the mist that such showerheads tend to create ) .
The same study found that low flow showerheads are more likely to result in scalding because of the delay between turning up the hot water , and the arrival of that same hot water - lack of immediate feedback makes temperature adjustments difficult .
Disadvantages of doing this :
If you ’ve got a small water heater , or a large family , a higher - flow showerhead may run through all your hot water before you ’re done showering !
If this happens , you ’ll need to crank up the temperature on your water heater ( legal warning : hot water , like other hot things , can scald / burn you , just like hot coffee ; so if you ’re Stella Liebeck , John Edwards , or some other tort extortionist itching to abuse our broken tort system , you ’ve been expressly warned ) .
This will most certainly increase your gas or electrical consumption , and thus the project may cost you some money even if you ’re using well water .
If you ’ve got a bigger water heater and / or a small family , this issue may not be a problem for you .
If your shower is n’t tiled to the ceiling ( like this one is n't ) , note that the higher water pressure will create additional splashback when the water hits your head / shoulders .
This can cause your walls ( and ceiling , if it ’s low ) to get more wet than they did before .
Keep an eye on this , and remedy the situation before any drywall gets damaged by water .
You ’ll use more water .
If you live in a place prone to drought , it might be unwise to do this .
If you ’re not " off grid , " your water bill will rise ( but maybe with all that fluoride , you wo n’t even care :)
How to do it :
Our primary goal here is to make available maximal water pressure ( which you can always tune back a bit ... see below ) , using only off - the - shelf components .
Luckily , Home Depot is there to help us .
Update :
This company ( no affiliation to this site ) also makes shower heads with removable flow regulators ( a.k.a. restrictors ) , although I have no experience with them .
Update on that update : As of September 2006 , this web site seems to be down .
It is unclear whether this company was shut down by the feds , or simply went out of business .
If you have a standard , run - of - the - mill shower head :
There are a few components you should be familiar with .
The first is the shower arm joint .
The second is the showerhead itself .
Bought randomly off the shelves of the plumbing aisle , each one of these components may contain its own flow regulator .
Our goal is thus to select a set of parts , each one of which lacks a flow regulator , or at least has an easily removable one .
Fortunately , Glacier Bay makes a series of absurdly large showerheads ( the Sunflower series ) , which honestly just would n’t work with flow regulators .
But the manufacurer is bound by law to include them .
The solution ?
The easily - accessible regulator has a hole the exact size and shape of a Phillips screwdriver ( coincidence ?
I think not ! ) :
Just remove the regulator with a Phillips screwdriver prior to installation .
The Sunflower heads are available at Home Depot .
Unfortunately , many other shower fixtures have harder - to - bypass regulators .
Here ’s a photo of one that requires a special three - prong driver to remove .
You could drill it out , but be careful not to drill through the wire mesh screen that is usually adjacent to the regulator .
Melting it out with a cigarette lighter or acetylene torch might be an idea , as it will remove the plastic without harming the wire mesh .
In yet other devices , the wire mesh screen must be removed ( usually it has a tab for unscrewing ) before the regulator ( it 's integral in the latter photo , but is usually a white nylon disc if it's the removable kind ) can be accessed .
Update February 2013 : Since so many of the cited Home Depot products have ceased production since this website was created , an update seemed worthwhile .
Home Depot 's selection now appears smaller and harder to assess the modifiability of , so I paid a visit to an Ace hardware store .
Here is a rundown of the models I came across , and the anticipated ease of conversion to high - flow .
The Ace brand " chrome plastic " showerhead ( #40076 ) has a white plastic flow restrictor which is removable with a Philips screwdriver .
This is an interesting model in that it simply allows a lot of more water through without a restrictor , as opposed to increasing the force of the cone of water as with many other showerheads .
As such , total restrictor removal on the # 40076 may be overkill ( I found I could wash my hair and rinse it completely in only seconds , and as a result , my now - three minute showers were almost too short ! )
Drilling the existing hole in the plastic restrictor out to 1/8 " or 5/32 " diameter ( depending on your tastes ) and reinstalling the restrictor has been a good compromise .
( It looks like Ace 's basic plastic showerhead ( #45445 ) has a drillable restrictor , although drilling would probably be a little trickier since it's not screwdriver - removable . )
The LDR Industries Exquisite model has three modes of operation , and what looks like a plastic flow restrictor which does not appear to be removable , but is easily accessible for drilling .
The Whedon Products FP7C and FP4C models seem to have a brass restrictor which is non-removable , but which is easily accessable and drillable .
These models have 4 settings .
In contrast , the other Whedon models I saw ( e.g. , the EP24C ) looked potentially difficult to modify .
Finally , the Whedon FP3C had a brass restrictor which looked easy to drill .
The Oakbrook models seem to have harder - to - drill restrictors , though their lowest - end three - spray setting version ( part # 4360988 ) seems to have easy - to - access plastic flow restrictor which can be drilled .
The same goes for the # 4360970 model .
The Speakman models ( Icon and Hotel ) did not look easy to bypass , and are thus not recommended .
All the Delta models I looked at appeared tough to modify .
&nbp;However , at least one model ( the Delta # 75325SN ) has the flow restrictor in the extension arm instead of the showerhead itself .
Additional note :
In most heads , once you remove / drill out the flow regulator , the critical path becomes the narrow channel through the balljoint .
This can be drilled out somewhat , but be careful .
You should only expand the hole minimally , and try using the head after each expansion .
You can't put back metal once it 's gone , and you do n't want more pressure than your head ( with its tiny holes ) can handle .
Technically , the holes in the end of the showerhead are the true critical path in the system .
You do n't want to expand these , because it will dilute the acceleration of the water that occurs when the bottleneck of the tiny holes is encountered .
If this does n't make sense , try running the shower without any head on it ; see how little felt pressure - per - square - inch there is ?
Lots of wasted water without any payoff in showering enjoyment !
Steps :
( Added January 2012 ) If , and only if , you live in a very new building ( less than 5 - 10 years old , or with a bathroom that was completely renovated in the recent past ) , it may be wise to first check the water pressure coming out of the rough - in valve ( that 's the valve inside your bathroom wall that provides water when you turn on the shower ) .
You 'll want to make sure you do n't have one of the very new , very evil 2.5 gpm rough - in valves , because if the valve inside your wall has a built - in 2.5 gpm restrictor , then no amount of monkeying with your showerhead will increase your flow .
The easiest way to check this is to completely unscrew your showerhead from the showerarm using a crescent wrench or channel locks , and set it aside .
Then , turn your shower on all the way .
Now , time how long it takes the water coming out of the showerarm to fill a 5 gallon bucket or other container with a known size .
If it takes two full minutes to fill your 5 gallon bucket , then your flow from the wall is limited to 2.5 gpm ( since the measured gallons per minute is 5 gallons divided by 2 minutes ) , and you 'll have to change out your rough - in valve ( a job that is rather costly , and beyond the scope of this page ) before proceeding .
Note : chances are your flow from the wall is not limited , so be ready for a torrent of water to come out and overflow the bucket in short order !
Remove the existing showerhead .
Destroy it in some dramatic fashion ; your life of sub - par showers is over !
But seriously , use a crescent wrench or pair of smoothjawed channel locks so you do n't scratch the finish on the existing showerhead .
Remove the regulators from any necessary components .
If you ’re using one of the Glacier Bay Sunflower showerheads described above , only a single regulator must be removed ( although the ball joint may be drilled out for a greater increase in flow ) .
It ’s the first thing you see when looking up into the showerhead feed .
Place a Phillips screwdriver into the plus - sign - shaped hole , and turn the regulator out counter - clockwise .
Keep the regulator ; you may want to modify it as a compromise to achieve less - than - total flow , or if you ever end up renting out your place .
Wrap the showerarm threads ( see diagram ) with teflon tape ( available at any hardware store ; it ’s white , slippery tape that helps seal the junction and lubricate the threads so that the fixture can be removed again later , even if oxidation / mineral buildup occurs ) .
Wrap the threads clockwise , and use a few layers of tape .
Screw the showerhead onto the end of the showerarm , making sure that any supplied washer is in its proper place ( see instructions accompanying your showerhead . )
There will generally be a black , rubber washer in the junction between the showerhead and the showerarm .
Tighten with a wrench .
Be careful not to scratch the finish of your shiny , new showerhead .
Also take care not to overtighten , as this can damage the threads .
If you have a detached ( handshower with hose ) shower head :
The process here is very similar to the one for a standard shower head .
You will have an additional component , the hose , to deal with .
Unfortunately , many hoses have quite a restricted flow , thus compromising the strong flow you are seeking .
And in many cases , the narrow hose - ends cannot be drilled out without the entire thing coming apart .
See photo here ; the flanges which keep the threaded nuts on are threaded into the hose , and attempting to widen the opening destroys the threads .
Bad times .
So , you ’ll need to put together a handshower kit that lacks a regulator .
This can be tricky , since even components as simple as shower on - off valves and splitter joints usually come with a narrow regulator channel .
One option is to buy a Glacier Bay Massage Handshower Set ( Part number 364-449 ) .
This comes with a fairly unrestricted hose , and an unrestricted showerhead .
Sadly , the showerarm mount includes an integral regulator and aerator .
So throw away the one that comes with it ( when you have increased flow , you wo n’t need an aerator ) , and buy a Delta Shower Arm Mount ( for handheld showers ) , part number # 2207 .
This mount lacks a regulator , thus giving you all three needed , regulator - free parts .
It ’s also made of metal , so it ’s less likely to crack than the plastic / PVC mounts .
Both the parts described above are available from your local Home Depot .
Steps :
Steps 1 – 4 are the same as with the standard showerhead .
Screw the showerarm mount onto the end of the showerarm .
Tighten with a wrench .
Be careful not to scratch the finish of your shiny , new showerarm joint .
Also take care not to overtighten , as this can damage the threads .
Pivot the showerarm mount so that the hose connection is pointing downward .
Attach one end of the hose to the showerarm mount .
Attach the other end to the showerhead .
Generally , no teflon tape is needed here , as the hose / showerhead threads are plastic .
Make sure no washers fell out as you assembled this .
There is generally a black rubber washer between the showerarm and showerarm mount .
There will also likely be two additional washers , one at each end of the hose .
If the new , uninhibited flow is too much for you , you ’ve got two options .
Replace the flow regulator , but drill it out a bit , first .
In the pictured flow regulator , drill the " plus " shape into a full circle .
Reassemble everything and see how you like it .
If it ’s not enough , use the next biggest drill bit to enlarge the hole just a bit more .
Remember , drill conservatively ; you can always take the regulator out and drill the hole a little bigger , but you ca n’t shrink a hole that ’s too big .
Nor can you easily buy a replacement flow regulator at your local hardware store without buying a whole new showerhead !
Go with a wider showerhead .
This will distribute the same water pressure ( limited by your pipe diameter ) to a wider area , thus yielding less shower pressure per square inch of your body .
The Glacier Bay Sunflower comes in several sizes .
The 4 inch model ( already a fairly large showerhead ) gives you more pressure per square inch than the six inch model .
If the six inch model is still too much for you , there ’s actually an eight inch model !
The thing is huge ; this must be like bathing in a ( fairly gentle ) waterfall .
Part availability :
If the parts I ’ve listed here are n’t available to you , this is not a problem -- but you ’ll need to inspect each component individually prior to purchase .
Bring a small flashlight with you to the hardware store so you can look down into the inlet to determine whether your prospective showerhead or showerarm mount contains a non-removable regulator , or gets narrower in the middle ; if it does , toss it back into the bin and try another model .
You want a removable regulator ; usually , removable regulators are a disc - shaped part which threads into the showerhead or showerarm mount threads and can be removed with a screwdriver or other tool .
If you ’ll be needing a hose ( for a handshower ) , visually inspect candidates using your flashlight , and / or insert a large diameter spike nail to check if the hose gets more restricted beyond where you can see with your flashlight .
Some showerheads can contain integral flow restrictors which may be difficult or impossible to disable .
See example photo of a Pollenex Massage showerhead wherein the regulator is integral with the adjustable shutoff / regulator lever .
See that tiny square hole in the center ?
That 's all the flow you get on the maximum setting !
Short of some precision work with a Dremel , it would be tough to open this up without destroying the valve , and possibly causing a leak .
I hope you found this as useful and rewarding as Rufus ( a purebred Bahamian Potcake , in case you were curious -- best dogs in the world ! ) and I did .
Email the Author
Reminder :
All content on this site is automatically copyrighted by virtue of the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works .
Should you disregard this notice , Rufus the Dog will hunt you down and bite your ass .
Israel stands accused of perpetrating a series of war crimes during a sustained 12 - hour assault on a village in southern Gaza last week in which 14 people died .
In testimony collected from residents of the village of Khuza'a by the Observer , it is claimed that Israeli soldiers entering the village :
• attempted to bulldoze houses with civilians inside ;
• killed civilians trying to escape under the protection of white flags ;
• opened fire on an ambulance attempting to reach the wounded ;
• used indiscriminate force in a civilian area and fired white phosphorus shells .
If the allegations are upheld , all the incidents would constitute breaches of the Geneva conventions .
The denunciations over what happened in Khuza 'a follow repeated claims of possible human rights violations from the Red Cross , the UN and human rights organisations .
The Israeli army announced yesterday that it was investigating " at the highest level " five other attacks against civilians in Gaza , involving two UN facilities and a hospital .
It added that in all cases initial investigations suggested soldiers were responding to fire .
" These claims of war crimes are not supported by the slightest piece of evidence , " said Yigal Palmor , an Israeli foreign ministry spokesman .
Concern over what occurred in the village of Khuza'a in the early hours of Tuesday was first raised by the Israeli human rights group B'Tselem .
Although an Israeli military spokesman said he had " no information that this alleged incident took place " , witness statements collected by the Observer are consistent and match testimony gathered by B'Tselem .
There is also strong visible evidence that Khuza 'a came under a sustained attack from tanks and bulldozers that smashed some buildings to pieces .
Pictures taken by photographer Bruno Stevens in the aftermath show heavy damage - and still burning phosphorus .
" What I can tell you is that many , many houses were shelled and that they used white phosphorus , " said Stevens yesterday , one of the first western journalists to get into Gaza .
" It appears to have been indiscriminate . "
Stevens added that homes near the village that had not been hit by shell fire had been set on fire .
The village of Khuza 'a is around 500 metres from the border with Israel .
According to B'Tselem , its field researcher in Gaza was contacted last Tuesday by resident Munir Shafik al - Najar , who said that Israeli bulldozers had begun destroying homes at 2.30 am .
When Rawhiya al - Najar , aged 50 , stepped out of her house waving a white flag , so that the rest of the family could leave the house , she was allegedly shot by Israeli soldiers nearby .
The second alleged incident was on Tuesday afternoon , when Israeli troops ordered 30 residents to leave their homes and walk to a school in the village centre .
After travelling 20 metres , troops fired on the group , allegedly killing three .
Further detailed accounts of what occurred were supplied in interviews given to a Palestinian researcher who has been working for the Observer , following the decision by Israel to ban foreign media from the Gaza Strip .
Iman al - Najar , 29 , said she watched as bulldozers started to destroy neighbours ' homes and saw terrified villagers flee from their houses as masonry collapsed .
" By 6 am the tanks and bulldozers had reached our house , " Iman recalled .
" We went on the roofs and tried to show we were civilians with white flags .
Everyone was carrying a white flag .
We told them we are civilians .
We do n't have any weapons .
The soldiers started to destroy the houses even if the people were in them . "
Describing the death of Rawhiya , Iman says they were ordered by Israeli soldiers to move to the centre of the town .
As they did , Israeli troops opened fire .
Rawhiya was at the front of the group , says Iman .
Marwan Abu Raeda , 40 , a paramedic working for the Nasser hospital in Khan Younis , said : " At 8 am we received a phone call from Khuza'a .
They told us about the injured woman .
I went immediately .
I was 60 or 70 metres away from the injured woman when the Israeli forces started to shoot at me . "
As he drove into another street , he came under fire again .
Twelve hours later , when Rawhiya was finally reached , she was dead .
Iman said she ended up in an area of rubble where a large group of people had sought cover in a deep hole among the debris of demolished houses .
It is then , she says , that bulldozers began to push the rubble from each side .
" They wanted to bury us alive , " she said .
Pimp This Bum – Viral Campaign
Results :
The campaign received international attention and was featured on CBS News , CNN.com , The Guardian ( UK ) , Fox & Friends , Sydney Morning Herald , and multiple other national and international news outlets .
You can read the full story behind “ Pimp this Bum ” here .
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg has ordered city agencies to cut their municipal vehicle fleets by 10 % .
The move will eliminate 700 cars and put $ 20 million into coffers over two years .
Advertisement
Take home city cars have long been seen as a sweet , sweet perk of working for the Gov , but with tax revenues falling and pressure to improve government efficiency rising , the cars will get the axe .
In addition to benefiting the budget , those missing cars will no longer litter city streets parked on sidewalks , in front of fire hydrants and in handicapped spots .
If you live in New York , expect an entire new line of jokes from night club comedians about how much worse city services are about to get due to grumpy employees riding public transit .
[ New York Times ]
The U.S. lost half a million jobs in November , the largest one - month drop since 1974 , as employers brace for a recession that 's expected to stretch through much of 2009 .
Nonfarm payrolls declined 533,000 for the month , while revisions to earlier figures showed employers shedding almost 1.3 million jobs since September .
The tally of 1.9 million jobs pared thus far in 2008 surpasses the losses of the past two recessions , signaling that the current downturn could be the worst since the years immediately following World War II .
...
« McCain denies right to universal health care , dodges voting record against children 's health insurance | Main | " No one is pro-abortion , " says Senator Obama .
And the viewers agree .
» Abortion Questions and Answers Are Catholic Democrats pro-choice ?
Some Catholic Democrats are pro-choice ; some are pro-life .
Remember , there are also prominent pro-choice Catholic Republicans including Rudy Giuliani , Thomas Ridge and Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger .
Many Catholic
Democrats say they are both pro-life and pro-choice -- they support programs that allow pregnant women to choose life but they do not want to criminalize abortion .
Catholic Democrats believe that the Democratic Party will do more to actually reduce the number of abortions than will the Republican Party .
We support programs to help pregnant women and their children with jobs , healthcare , daycare , education and financial support .
We also support programs that teach sexual responsibility to teenagers .
The Republicans talk about abortion but do nothing ; Democrats push programs that reduce the number of abortions .
The choice is between rhetoric and results .
Can a Catholic vote for a pro-choice candidate ?
Yes , a Catholic can vote for a pro-choice candidate .
In " Forming Consciences for Faithful Citizenship , " the U.S. bishops explicitly say :
1 . " As Catholics we are not single - issue voters . " ( # 42 )
2 . A voter " should take into account a candidate 's commitments , character , integrity , and ability to influence a given issue .
In the end , this is a decision to be made by each Catholic guided by a conscience formed by Catholic moral teaching . " ( # 37 )
3 . " A Catholic who rejects a candidate 's unacceptable position [ on abortion ] may decide to vote for that candidate for other morally grave reasons . "
( # 35 ) Catholic Democrats , even those who are pro-life , believe that there are morally grave reasons to vote for a pro-choice Democrat over a Republican who wants to criminalize abortion .
Click here for the full text of " Forming Consciences for Faithful Citizenship . "
Why should someone who is pro-life vote for a pro-choice candidate ?
If the only difference between two candidates is that one is pro-life and the other is pro-choice , then a pro-life voter should obviously vote for a pro-life candidate .
However , elections are never so clear cut .
Republican and Democratic candidates differ on many issues : healthcare , the war , the economy .
In addition , as the bishops note , a voter " should take into account a candidate 's commitments , character , integrity , and ability to influence a given issue . "
Republicans have been promising to do something about abortion for years , yet they did nothing .
Democrats , on the other hand , have supported programs that empower women to choose to have their children .
Republican programs push women into poverty and result in more abortions .
Increasing the minimum wage reduces the number of abortions .
The Republican economic policies , which have caused the Bush recession , will increase the number of abortions .
The choice is between rhetoric and results .
What is the Democratic Party 's position on abortion ?
Perhaps Governor Howard Dean , chairman of the Democratic National Committee , has said it best in his speeches to audiences across the country : " I do n't know anyone who is pro-abortion . "
Virtually every Democrat in public life believes that we should be working together to significantly cut the number of abortions performed in the United States .
The abortion plank of the Democratic Platform has four sentences :
The Democratic Party strongly and unequivocally supports Roe v Wade and a woman 's right to choose a safe and legal abortion , regardless of ability to pay , and we oppose any and all efforts to weaken or undermine that right .
The Democratic Party also strongly supports access to affordable family planning services and comprehensive age - appropriate sex education which empower people to make informed choices and live healthy lives .
We also recognize that such health care and education help reduce the number of unintended pregnancies and thereby also reduce the need for abortions .
The Democratic Party also strongly supports a woman 's decision to have a child by ensuring access to and availability of programs for pre and post natal health care , parenting skills , income support , and caring adoption programs .
What do Catholic Democrats think of the abortion plank ?
We are very pleased that the Democratic Platform " strongly supports a woman 's decision to have a child by ensuring access to and availability of programs for pre and post natal health care , parenting skills , income support , and caring adoption programs . "
This is a new and exciting development in the Democratic Platform for which the Catholic Democrats were strong advocates with the Platform Committee .
Based on empirical research , we believe that these programs will actually reduce the number of abortions .
We also support health care and education programs that " help reduce the number of unintended pregnancies and thereby also reduce the need for abortions . "
We also support " access to affordable family planning services and comprehensive age - appropriate sex education which empower people to make informed choices and live healthy lives . "
We do not believe that reversing Roe v. Wade will resolve the abortion question .
It will simply return the question to the states .
In states where abortion is illegal , people will simply travel to states where it is legal or they will attempt illegal and unsafe abortions .
A recent study by Catholics United found that overturning Roe v.
Wade would have a minimal impact on abortions .
Click here to read the study .
We do not think making abortion illegal in all the states is politically practical .
Nor do we think a Constitutional amendment is politically practical .
The most practical anti-abortion strategy is supporting programs that will help reduce the number of abortions .
Many of us , like Senator Joe Biden , do not support public funding of abortions .
We also would have preferred to retain the word " rare " as a goal for abortions ( as in legal , safe and rare ) , although " rare " is implied by the platform 's support for programs to support women having children .
In short , although each of us might prefer his or her own language , the abortion plank is an acceptable compromise granted the diversity of opinion in the Democratic Party and the country .
What is Barack Obama 's position on abortion ?
Barackobama.com , the official site of his campaign , explains the senator 's position on abortion : Barack Obama understands that abortion is a divisive issue , and respects those who disagree with him .
However , he has been a consistent champion of reproductive choice and will make preserving women 's rights under Roe v.
Wade a priority as President .
He opposes any constitutional amendment to overturn the Supreme Court 's decision in that case .
Barack Obama is an original co-sponsor of legislation to expand access to contraception , health information and preventive services to help reduce unintended pregnancies .
Introduced in January 2007 , the Prevention First Act will increase funding for family planning and comprehensive sex education that teaches both abstinence and safe sex methods .
The Act will also end insurance discrimination against contraception , improve awareness about emergency contraception , and provide compassionate assistance to rape victims .
He also worked to make sure that the party platform " strongly supports a woman 's decision to have a child by ensuring access to and availability of programs for pre and post natal health care , parenting skills , income support , and caring adoption programs . "
At the Saddleback Presidential Candidate Forum ( August 16 ) , in response to a question about abortion , Obama said :
" I 'm absolutely convinced that there is a moral and ethical element to this issue .
And so I think anybody who tries to deny the moral difficulties and gravity of the abortion issue , I think , is not paying attention .
So that would be point number one .
But point number two , I am pro-choice .
I believe in Roe v. Wade , and I come to that conclusion not because I 'm pro-abortion , but because , ultimately , I do n't think women make these decisions casually .
I think they wrestle with these things in profound ways , in consultation with their pastors or their spouses or their doctors or their family members .
And so , for me , the goal right now should be -- and this is where I think we can find common ground .
And by the way , I 've now inserted this into the Democratic Party platform , is how do we reduce the number of abortions ?
The fact is that although we have had a president who is opposed to abortion over the last eight years , abortions have not gone down and that is something we have to address .
I am in favor , for example , of limits on late - term abortions , if there is an exception for the mother 's health .
From the perspective of those who are pro-life , I think they would consider that inadequate , and I respect their views ...
What I can do is say , are there ways that we can work together to reduce the number of unwanted pregnancies , so that we actually are reducing the sense that women are seeking out abortions .
And as an example of that , one of the things that I 've talked about is how do we provide the resources that allow women to make the choice to keep a child .
Have we given them the health care that they need ?
Have we given them the support services that they need ?
Have we given them the options of adoption that are necessary ?
That can make a genuine difference . "
What do Catholic Democrats think of Obama 's position on abortion ?
We will not repeat here the points made above about the Democratic Party Platform .
In addition , we are pleased that Senator Obama acknowledges that abortion is a moral and ethical issue and expresses his respect for those who disagree with him .
Thanks to Senator Obama , Senator Robert P. Casey , Jr. , a pro-life Democrat , was given a prominent speaking role at the Democratic National Convention .
We hope that elected officials from both parties will work with Senator Obama in seeking common ground on how to reduce the number of abortions .
We also hope that both parties will seek legal language that can put limits on late - term abortions , with an exception for the mother 's health .
It is time to stop using abortion as a partisan football and get down to the business of reducing the number of abortions in practical ways .
What have Congressional Democrats done to reduce the number of abortions ?
Congressional Democrats have supported the Reducing the Need for Abortion and Supporting Parents Act ( HR 1074 , known as the DeLauro - Ryan bill ) and the Prevention First Act bill ( HR 819 ) .
Democrats are serious about finding new solutions to serious problems posed by the practice of abortion .
Congressional Democrats have also worked on making other alternatives more attractive with the Adoption Promotion Act of 2003 ( Public Law No : 108 - 145 ) , which was championed by Senator Hillary Clinton .
These are solutions that can lead to policies that reduce the number of abortions , not the empty rhetoric that promotes criminalization but does nothing to enhance life for real women and children .
Democrats for Life have made an important contribution with their Pregnant Women Support Act , which is supported by the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops .
It aims to reduce the abortion rate in America by 95 percent in 10 years by enacting the social and economic supports that actually do something to help women avoid going through this ordeal .
What evidence shows that Democratic programs would reduce the number of abortions ?
During the Reagan Administration , the number of abortions rose significantly and peaked during the George H. W. Bush Administration .
In contrast , during the Clinton Administration the number of abortions fell significantly ( to 1.3 million a year from 1.6 million a year during the George H. W. Bush Administration ) , and were performed at a significantly earlier stage in pregnancy .
During the current Bush Administration , these declines have slowed almost to a standstill .
In fact , rates of abortions for teenagers and poor people appear to have increased .
For abortion statistics , click here .
See also analysis by Patrick Whelan of the decrease in rate of abortions during these presidencies .
A landmark 2007 study by Catholics United shows that lower unemployment , higher rates of health insurance coverage , and greater availability of Head Start centers are more effective at lowering abortion rates than lower availability of abortion providers .
The study , which looks at county - level data in Kansas from 2000 to 2004 , suggests that abortion reduction is best achieved by addressing the root causes of abortion than restricting access to abortion services .
In another study released in August 2008 , Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good examined the long - and short - term effects of public policy on the abortion rate over a twenty - year period .
The findings reveal that social and economic supports for women and families dramatically reduce the number of abortions .
The study of all U.S. states from 1982 - 2000 finds that benefits for pregnant women and mothers , employment , economic assistance to low - income families , quality child care for working mothers and removal of state caps on the number of children eligible for economic assistance in low - income families have reduced abortions .
Another study by Rutgers University found that the number of abortions among New Jersey women on welfare went up when the Republican State Legislature told mothers on welfare that they would not get additional funds if they had another child .
See James Kelly , " Sociology and Public Theology : A Case Study of Pro-Choice / Prolife Common Ground , " Sociology of Religion , Vol. 60 , No. 2 ( Summer , 1999 ) , pp. 99 -124
About three - quarters of women having abortions say that they cannot afford to have a child .
If " It 's the economy stupid , " then any pro-life strategy that is worth its salt must be willing to spend money to help women choose life .
A Catholic Democrat like Joseph Biden can say that he will do everything possible to reduce the number of abortions short of putting women and doctors in jail .
Republicans can only say that they will do anything possible to reduce the number of abortions short of voting for programs that cost money .
What is Catholic Democrats ' position on partial birth abortion ?
Senator Joe Biden voted in favor of the law banning partial birth abortion .
During the last presidential debate , Senator Obama said , " I am completely supportive of a ban on late - term abortions , partial - birth or otherwise , as long as there 's an exception for the mother 's health and life , and this [ the bill that was enacted ] did not contain that exception . "
Like Senator Obama we support limits on late - term abortions , with an exception for the mother 's health .
It is unlikely that any limit on late - term abortions without such an exception would pass muster with the U.S. Supreme Court .
After decades of debate and posturing , when the partial birth abortion bill was finally passed , pro-life activists acknowledged that it probably would have no effect on the number of abortions .
When the Bush Administration defended the law before the Supreme Court , it argued that the prohibition was constitutional without a health exception because there were other ways a woman could have an abortion without using this method .
In other words , the Bush Administration argued that it was constitutional because it would not make any difference .
On these grounds it was judged constitutional by the court .
All of the effort that went into this fight would have produced more results if it had been focused on promoting programs that reduce the number of abortions rather than trying to make a small number of abortions illegal .
Senator Obama has been accused of supporting infanticide .
What is your response ?
Accusations that Obama supports infanticide are outright lies .
There is no room for these kinds of distortions and lies in this campaign .
It is especially shocking when these lies are repeated by so - called Catholic websites .
Obama has been accused of " infanticide " because of his opposition to the so - called " Born Alive " legislation in the Illinois State Legislature .
He has called such allegations " deeply offensive and insulting . "
On his website is the following response : What Senator Obama 's attackers do n't tell you is that existing Illinois law already requires doctors to provide medical care in the very rare case that babies are born alive during abortions .
They will not tell you that Senator Obama voted against these laws in Illinois because they were clear attempts to undermine Roe v. Wade .
They will not tell you that these laws were also opposed by pro-choice Republicans and the Illinois Medical Society -- a leading association of doctors in the state .
And they will not tell you that Senator Obama has always maintained that he would have voted for the federal version of this bill , which did not pose such a threat .
Senator Obama has also said that he would have supported the 2005 born alive bill that passed into law after he left the Illinois Senate because it would not affect existing federal or state abortion legislation .
For the complete response , click here .
How do Catholic Democrats disagree with Catholic bishops on abortion ?
We do not think that Catholic politicians should get into theological debates with bishops .
Catholic politicians are not theologians .
However , it is the role of politicians to decide what is politically possible and how to implement moral principles in the real world .
In other words , while Catholic politicians must agree with bishops that something must be done about abortions , bishops have no special expertise in deciding what is the best political strategy for reducing the number of abortions .
This is a prudential decision about which men and women of good will can disagree .
Catholic Democrats believe that enacting social and educational programs to prevent unintended pregnancies and to help pregnant women have their children will be a more successful strategy than attempting to criminalize abortion .
What do Catholic Democrats think about denying Communion to pro-choice Catholic politicians ? "
We agree with Cardinal Francis George of Chicago that priests should not play cop at the Communion rail .
During the 2004 presidential campaign only about a dozen of the almost 200 diocesan bishops said that John Kerry could not go to Communion in their dioceses .
Not one cardinal took this position .
These " Maverick Bishops , " who wanted to deny Communion to Kerry were a small minority among the bishops .
Although most of the bishops opposed using Communion as a political weapon , the U.S. Conference of Bishops and the Pope left this decision to each bishop .
Since most bishops simply kept silent , these few bishops gave the wrong impression that all of the bishops supported denying Communion .
We encourage bishops not to take this step which has been interpreted by many as interference in partisan politics .
As John F. Kennedy said : " I believe in an America where the separation between Church and state is absolute ; where no Catholic prelate would tell the president -- should he be Catholic -- how to act ...
Where no religious body seeks to impose its will directly or indirectly upon the general populace or the public acts of its officials ... "
We acknowledge the authority of bishops on internal church matters , such as who can receive Communion , but we are appalled that such decisions are made without any respect for due process .
Although we think it is a mistake for bishops to deny Communion to politicians who oppose making abortion a crime , we encourage public officials to respect the wishes of their bishops on Communion while they work privately to be restored to full Communion .
We do not want to see our church divided by partisan politics .
For a canon lawyer 's analysis of this question , see Rev. John Beal , " Holy Communion and Unholy Politics , " America ( June 21 , 2004 ) .
Mr Bennett , here with PM Tsvangirai , had only just returned to Zimbabwe Charges of treason against Zimbabwean politician Roy Bennett have been dropped , and replaced with other allegations , his party says .
The new charge is conspiring to acquire arms with a view to disrupting essential services , the MDC said .
Mr Bennett , a deputy ministerial nominee , was arrested on Friday shortly before President Robert Mugabe swore in new ministers of the unity government .
His lawyer , Trust Maanda , said the treason case did not " hold water " .
" The police must have realised that they had no leg to stand on , " Mr Maanda told the AFP news agency .
But Mr Bennett remains in custody .
MDC supporters spent another night outside the police station in the eastern city of Mutare , where he is being held " Bennett is currently being interviewed by the police .
He is now appearing in court on Monday facing fresh charges , " Mr Maanda said .
There was no confirmation from the police or justice officials that the charges had been changed .
Prison term Mr Bennett is treasurer of Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai's Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) .
He had been picked by the party to be deputy agriculture minister in the new unity government .
Under a power - sharing deal agreed after months of talks following disputed elections , President Robert Mugabe 's Zanu - PF is to have 15 posts and the two factions of the MDC 16 posts in the government .
I should imagine if one gets to hell , that is what you experience
Roy Bennett , after serving a prison term in Zimbabwe
Profile : Roy Bennett
The MDC has described Mr Bennett 's detention as " scandalous " and " politically motivated " , and called for him to be released unconditionally and unharmed .
A white farmer who lost his property under Mr Mugabe 's land reform programme , Mr Bennett was imprisoned from October 2004 to June 2005 .
The sentence was imposed by other MPs after he pushed a minister during an argument in parliament over land reform .
He recently returned to Zimbabwe after more than two years in South Africa , where he fled after police sought his arrest in connection with an alleged plot to kill Mr Mugabe .
The latest charges would appear to be linked to this alleged plot , reports the BBC 's southern Africa correspondent , Peter Biles .
On Saturday Mr Tsvangirai said Mr Bennett 's arrest was undermining the spirit of the power - sharing agreement .
Mr Bennett is one of more than 30 MDC supporters and other activists who have been detained over the past couple of months .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SAN FRANCISCO --
Court documents show Barry Bonds tested positive for three types of steroids , and his personal trainer once told his business manager in the San Francisco Giants ' clubhouse how he injected the slugger with performance - enhancing drugs " all over the place . "
Prosecutors plan to use those 2000 - 03 test results and other evidence , detailed in documents released Wednesday , at Bonds ' trial next month to show he lied when he told a federal grand jury in December 2003 that he never knowingly used steroids .
Bonds ' attorneys want that evidence suppressed , and U.S. District Judge Susan Illston is to hear arguments Thursday on what to allow jurors to hear .
Bonds ' trainer Greg Anderson , who was jailed several times for refusing to answer questions before a grand jury , appears to be at the heart of the government 's case .
But his lawyer , Mark Geragos , said Anderson will again refuse to discuss Bonds if prosecutors call him to testify .
Also among the evidence made public were a positive test for amphetamines in 2006 in a urine sample Bonds gave to Major League Baseball ; doping calendars Anderson maintained with the initials " BB " and a handwritten note seized from his house labeled " Barry " that appears to be a laundry list of steroids and planned blood tests ; and a list of current and former major leaguers , including Jason Giambi , who are expected to testify at the March 2 trial .
The documents said that Steve Hoskins , Bonds ' childhood friend and personal assistant , secretly tape - recorded a 2003 conversation with Anderson in the Giants ' clubhouse because Hoskins wanted to prove to Bonds ' father , Bobby Bonds , that his son was using steroids .
Anderson and Hoskins , who were near Bonds ' locker , were discussing steroid injections , and at one point , they lowered their voices to avoid being overheard as players , including Benito Santiago , and others walked by , according to the documents .
Anderson :
No , what happens is , they put too much in one area , and ... actually ball up and puddle .
And what happens is , it actually will eat away and make an indentation .
And it 's a cyst .
It makes a big [ expletive ] cyst .
And you have to drain it .
Oh yeah , it 's gnarly .
... Hi Benito . ...
Oh it 's gnarly .
Hoskins : ...
Is that why Barry 's did n't do it in one spot , and you did n't just let him do it one time ?
“ The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education . ”
Albert Einstein
Awakening Consciousness
When I take a look at our society as a whole and think about the stage of evolution that we are at , it amazes me how many problems still exist on earth .
We have advanced tremendously in technology and commerce , but one thing we have neglected to advance is the world ’s consciousness , the ability to be awake in the world .
Any problems we have come from a lack of awareness .
If our politicians were really conscious there would be no question about right and wrong , they would be able to make the right decision .
In pure awareness there is no dark only light .
In fact , if everyone was really awake and conscious , the role of government would be very limited , because people would not depend on someone else to lead them .
We live in the age of information , but even with all the knowledge of the world at our fingertips , what good does it really do us if we are not conscious and awake ?
The problem is that knowledge essentially binds us , the more knowledge a person gains , the more psychologically asleep that he becomes .
The more knowledge he gains the more entrenched his mind becomes in a certain way of thinking .
He may think he is thinking outside of the box , it ’s the same box ; he just makes it look different .
“ When I examine myself and my methods of thought , I come to the conclusion that the gift of fantasy has meant more to me than my talent for absorbing positive knowledge . ” -
Albert Einstein
Just really take a good look at the world around you ; you will realize that most of the population is operating from a level where they are psychologically asleep .
Today ’s society has become extremely efficient at doing things with little to no awareness , we just run on auto pilot .
Once you realize how much you really are operating on auto pilot in your day - to - day life , you will be able to search for ways to become more aware .
Think about the very first time you were learning to drive , remember how engaged you were ?
You could feel every movement you made , you were fully present in what you were doing , you were in a state of heightened awareness .
After a few weeks all your motions were effortless , you could look at your rear view mirror , adjust your stereo , and change gears with very little awareness .
Levels Of Consciousness
Your mind has different levels of consciousness .
First is your conscious mind , then behind your conscious mind is the subconscious mind .
If you learn to pay close attention you can hear the subconsciousness ’ whispers .
Then behind the subconscious mind is the unconscious .
The unconscious is who you really are , behind your thinking mind , behind your body , the essence of your very nature .
Behind the unconscious is what Dr. Jung called the collective unconscious , which is the whole of humanity ’s evolution until now .
In order to become more conscious and aware and rise above the unconscious state , you need to experience being alert and awake .
This is something you cannot just simply understand logically or philosophically , because it will only remain as an intellectual understanding .
“ the intuitive mind is a sacred gift and the rational mind is a faithful servant .
We have created a society that honors the servant and has forgotten the gift . ”- Albert Einstein
It is going to take a real effort to wake yourself up , to discover your true potential , to become aware that you are far more than what you appear to be .
How Do You Start Becoming More Aware ?
You have to learn to become observant and watchful .
Learn to observe and be a witness to every act you do , every thought that passes your mind .
Watch every desire that bubbles up within you .
Observe even seemingly little things like your gestures , walking , talking , breathing , eating , everything can be an opportunity to watch .
You will realize that the more watchful that you become , that your internal chatter will become less and less .
Your thoughts become more manageable and you gain a new clarity .
A clear mind is a happy mind .
As you grow in your awareness , your inner growth will explode because you begin to let the deepest parts of your being rise to the surface .
You will also come to notice how much of your growth was being suppressed by the awareness of the whole ( society ) and dependent on others .
At this lower level of awareness you observe how people mostly try and grow by means of arguing , simply trying to outwit , and out smart others on pure logic .
One day while drinking some coffee I observed two people arguing , the person who feels that he came out on top is puffed up in his ego , and all he did was make a brilliant logical explanation to satisfy his own desires .
The other person now feels bitter towards the other , did not accept the other person ’s point of view , and still chooses to keep his own beliefs .
I can see that both are oblivious to what actually happened .
Nothing was accomplished , but in their minds they felt something was achieved .
They were simply not aware of what was going on inside themselves , being lost on the inside is being lost on the outside .
Awareness Steps to Achieve Spiritual Growth
Step 1 : The Body – learn to become aware of your body first .
Learn to place your attention and sense your body ’s energy from the inside out .
Learn to feel its presence , its aliveness .
You can begin by starting in small parts of the body , such as your hands , until your attention can encompass your whole body .
Step 2 : Your Thoughts –
Once you become observant of your body , expand your awareness to observe and watch your thoughts .
Step 3 : Feelings and Emotions –
When you are able to watch your thoughts , learn to watch your feelings and emotions .
When you are watchful of your body , thoughts , feelings , and emotions your awareness will begin to operate from a state of inner harmony .
Step 4 : Aware of your own awareness –
When you live a life of inner harmony , that harmony allows you to be in a position to become of aware of your own awareness .
When you are able to be aware of your own awareness you will realize how cunning the mind is , and how great it is at rationalizing .
Rationalizing is not awareness , awareness means that whatsoever is happening in the moment is happening with complete consciousness , that you are fully present .
The problem lies in that all the mind can do is think of the past and imagine the future .
To be present and totally aware is to be in the space of no thought , dropping your analytical mind .
Also try and understand that dropping the mind does not mean to be in a vegetative state , it is simply a space where you move into a deeper depth of understanding and perspective .
Your mind is only able to work linearly , from point A to point B , from one thought to the next .
If you move vertically that is a movement of consciousness , which is awareness .
Learn to continually bring your self to the present .
When you catch yourself living in the past or imagining the future , bring your awareness back to the present moment .
Do not feel bad when you realize you are not in the present , this is just a habit you need to gradually get out of until your new habit is being more in the present .
One important thing to remember also is to not make the mistake of constantly thinking “ how can I be in the present moment ” , because this involves thinking ; this is a very delicate line .
Just learn to be a passive witness , which means you observe without judgment , and slowly you will fall into moments of beautiful silence .
By constantly being in a state witnessing you will fall into the gaps between your thoughts .
“ The important thing is not to stop questioning .
Curiosity has its own reason for existing .
One cannot help but be in awe when he contemplates the mysteries of eternity , of life , of the marvelous structure of reality .
It is enough if one tries merely to comprehend a little of this mystery every day .
Never lose a holy curiosity . ” – Albert Einstein
Awareness is Key to Spiritual Transformation
With whatever you find yourself doing , learn to continuously be aware of whatever is going on inside you .
The more you become aware of yourself doing what ever it is that you are doing , the more you become centered in your inner being .
Once you begin to be stronger inside , you will develop a deeper feeling of the inner presence that you “ are ” .
Your energies will become concentrated around this centered presence , and your true self is born .
Ego is only a false sense of self , but if you do n’t awaken your inner self you will go on believing that you have a self that is only your ego .
When you have little or no awareness of your inner world , you are a victim of circumstances because you operate only by reaction .
From this level your physical senses rule , your physical senses only job is to respond .
You only take action when something has been done to you .
When you are grounded in your inner being you create a distance between your inner being and your physical senses .
Something can affect your physical sense but cannot touch your inner self .
When you take actions from the center , your actions are total and complete , inspired actions not hindered by past and future .
You will come to find that becoming a witness of your life will be something that should be done passively .
Learn to do what you are doing non-verbally ; verbalization is escaping from the experience .
When you look at the Stars in the sky with awe and admiration you feel a deep connection of beauty within you .
As soon as you try to verbalize what you are feeling , you remove yourself from it , because to verbalize is to think , and to think is to not be fully present .
Learning to be non verbal in your internal world will make you the witness of your inner world .
Language is only needed to communicate with others , but language is not needed to communicate with one ’s self .
Thoughts come and go , think of your mind as the host and your thoughts as the guests .
Once you learn to watch , witness , and observe your thoughts , you will be in a position of mastering your mind .
Your thoughts are there but you are no longer a slave to your thoughts , you are the master of your thoughts .
Do n’t try and control your mind , this is impossible , just learn to become centered in your consciousness .
Just watch , do n’t try and stop your mind , just observe it and allow it to happen on its own .
Being aware and clear headed will allow you to take responsible actions , because any action you take born out of awareness is total and complete .
Any action you take will be action that arises from your watching .
With Awareness You Can Be Decisive
Only awareness can be decisive because your mind only conceives possibilities and is constantly in a state of indecisiveness .
Many people strive to be a man or woman of character , but a man or woman of character only reacts .
Character is mechanical because it operates from memory ; moral conditioning on what is right and wrong .
The problem with this is that life is constantly changing , it is never the same .
But a man of character always responds with the same answers .
A man of consciousness simply takes action , and whatever action he takes in the moment is natural and perfect for the situation .
Becoming a man of awareness will also allow you in seeing your own faults .
The moment you become aware of your faults they will begin to disappear .
They were only allowed to exist because you where unconscious of it .
So do n’t be worried about errors and mistakes in your life .
Put all your energy and effort into becoming a more conscious awake being .
In a state of pure awareness your faults ca n’t exist .
Someone who tries to be a good person requires great effort .
A conscious person needs no effort , living a conscious life makes you a good person .
Someone trying to be good is constantly judging himself and others , his inner world is one of continuous conflict .
He condemns and represses and learns to hide it in the deepest parts of his being .
You are good by just being aware .
There is no question of whether what you do is good or bad , from awareness whatever you do is good .
A person of awareness is calm , relaxed , quite , serene , creative , only good can come from these states of being .
You will know when you become a person of awareness because you will quit watching others , that ’s what everybody else does ; all you need to do is watch yourself .
Did you enjoy this post ?
Then you may enjoy : Living In The Moment : A Guide To Stepping Out of Psychological Time
If you find my site valuable please pass it along to your friends and family .
I really appreciate your help .
Share and ‘ like ’ our Facebook Page
If you have any personal insights you would like to add , please join the conversation below and leave your comments .
A couple weeks ago , I posted to let you know that nominations for the Hugo awards had just opened — and promised to re-post once the online nomination form went live .
I 've just noticed that it 's up — handy if you want to save the hassle of printing out the form and putting it in the mail !
Here 's the original post :
The 2008 Hugo award nominations have opened — if you were a member of the 2008 WorldCon in Denver , or have bought a membership to the 2009 WorldCon in Montreal , you 're eligible to nominate .
I 'll be sending in my nominations this week , and just in case you were wondering , here 's the stuff I wrote that 's eligible for this year 's ballot :
* Best novel : Little Brother , Tor , 2008
* Best related book : Content , Tachyon , 2008
* Best novella : True Names ( with Benjamin Rosenbaum ) , published in Fast Forward , Pyr Books , 2008 , edited by Lou Anders
* Best novelette : The Things That Make Me Weak and Strange Get Engineered Away , Tor.com , July 2008
Nominating Ballot for the 2009 Hugo Awards
and John W. Campbell Award
Some optimistic news today in a study dug up by eMarketer : lots of small businesses plan to increase their spending on social network marketing in 2009 .
In fact , 25 % of the small businesses surveyed by Ad- ology Research indicated that they would increase spending on the medium this year , a higher percentage than any other marketing format .
Meanwhile , 33 % of small businesses indicated that they would keep spending on social networking about the same , while only 5 % reported that they plan to spend less than in the previous year .
Surprisingly , while 37 % of small businesses in the survey do n’t use social networking at all , that ’s a smaller percentage than any other medium , including email marketing , search engine marketing , and even just maintaining a company website .
What to make of the data ?
While certainly hopeful news for those that work in social media , overall , the numbers would seemingly point to what might be a better - than - expected year overall for businesses that depend on online marketing dollars .
In all but a few areas ( online video , podcasting , and mobile ) , small businesses indicate they are growing ( or keeping the same ) and not shrinking their marketing budgets .
Costs are certainly being cut elsewhere – the unemployment rate in the US is at a 16 - year high – but maybe , just maybe , online marketing is a bit better off than other areas of the economy .
You know how they say a picture is worth a thousand words ?
I gotta a few very choice words for Jesse 's Girl :
According to ProgressNowColorado :
That 's noted right - wing shill Michelle Malkin posing with who we 've dubbed " Swastika Guy , " owing to the sign he carried right onto the stage with State Senator Josh Penry , Congressman Mike Coffman , Colorado GOP Chairman Dick Wadhams , State Senator Dave Schultheis , former Congressman Tom Tancredo , and Independence Institute president Jon Caldara , among others .
None of whom did anything about it , and in fact one person defended the guy to one of our people saying that the swastika is not a Nazi symbol , but an honored Native American symbol .
Yeah .... I 'm sure they 're all BIG Native American scholars .
Lisa at La Figa found the video of the event , and it's not much more pleasant , even without allusions to the Third Reich , something that happened frequently on the campaign trail .
So given that Malkin and the prominent state Republicans said nothing about such blatant hate speech propagandizing and have no problem being seen with or photographed with such a person does n't make them a candidate of my usual cocktail of snark and scorn , but of utter disgust .
UPDATE : Malkin responds to the controversy .
Her defense ?
" But those mean liberals used swastikas too ! "
You know , I do n't let my six year old use that as a defense .
How sad that a grown woman thinks that makes it okay .
Choosing an Open Source CMS -- Planning , Playing , and Page Views
by Ostatic Staff - Dec. 31 , 2008
Related Blog Posts Waiting for the Next Generation of Open Source Business Models
There are a number of full featured open source content management systems out there .
Content management systems ( CMS ) are used increasingly in lieu of more " traditionally " managed web pages , on various sites with diverse audiences and very different goals .
They can be updated quickly , easily , and require very little ( if any ) knowledge of how the inner plumbing works .
There are , of course , proprietary CMS platforms .
Many -- from individuals to businesses -- opt for open source alternatives .
Cost is naturally a factor , but having used both closed and open CMS platforms , it 's been my experience that the open alternatives offer better features , an increased ability to modify and customize easily , and behave with more consistency in different browsers than most of their closed counterparts .
Finding the right open CMS for your needs is the hardest part .
But there are a few considerations and rules of thumb that can make this decision a little easier .
The major open source CMS / blogging platforms -- Drupal , WordPress , Joomla , Alfresco and Mambo -- have features that cater to administrators with varying levels of technical expertise , as well as specific visitor and site functions .
Know your audience
It makes sense to consider the people who 'll be coming to your site .
The appeal of open CMS platforms to many is that besides a number of customized themes available in the respective communities , they are simple to customize ( at least on a purely aesthetic level ) with relatively little programming knowledge .
That 's where it 's easy to go off - track .
The curb appeal of your site is important , and open source solutions are great for making your site stand out , even if you are using fairly standard design templates .
What your site looks like is somewhat CMS dependent ( for instance , OStatic uses Drupal , which presents a bit differently -- color schemes aside -- than GigaOM 's WordPress installation ) , but it 's almost always negotiable , and even very different platforms can get the " look . "
Presentation is important to site visitors .
It 's what 's on the site that keeps them coming back .
Of course , this is largely content dependent -- and it may be that a major component of your content is visitor / user driven .
Some open CMS lend themselves more readily to a " community " setting .
Tweaking the " look " of the site is usually much simpler than tweaking visitor - centric features .
Drupal , Joomla , and Alfresco , like other open content systems , offer a modular configuration .
Adding community features in this way is similar to adding extensions in a browser .
How these modules are installed on the CMS , and how they ultimately behave , are important to consider .
Joomla , for instance , installs and manages modules in a very visual , " friendly " manner .
While this is ideal for those who do n't have extensive experience with mucking around behind the scenes , it makes it a bit more troublesome to roll out unusual configurations , or sometimes even tell why something is n't working as expected .
Drupal tends to require more " hands - on " work with deploying modules .
Depending on how different pre-existing modules are from what you 'd like to have on your site , a site function might take minutes to roll out , or significantly longer .
WordPress has historically been a blogging platform , but there are a number of features and plugins that invite further visitor interaction ( in a more limited sense than the aforementioned content systems ) .
If your site relies on internally driven content ( WordPress supports multiple author accounts ) with visitor interaction and input as a secondary focus , it might be a better match for your needs .
It is key , especially if you 've not mastered the finer points of the traditional programming languages used on the web , or in specific module design , to choose a CMS that has a majority of the modules that mostly closely match what you 'd like to offer your visitors .
Checking out the platform is important , but look at the extensions you 'd want to use , and do some detective work on how well they work on sites with similar audience demographics as you 'd see visiting .
My tech skills are ...
Most of the mentioned open CMS platforms are relatively simple to deploy , and the respective communities are helpful for ironing out any wrinkles .
Some are decidedly more intimidating to install and update than others , however .
I 've found Joomla is one of the friendlier " true CMS " applications in terms of installation and maintenance .
If community is a lesser focus , WordPress , with its now famous five minute install , and automatic update feature can make life simpler .
The others , while possibly more intimidating , and requiring varying amounts of manual labor , are almost liberating to the right administrators .
While all of these projects are open source , some of the traditional " heavy lifters " make the process of getting in and seeing how all the components fit together less convoluted .
Webhosting providers often offer automated installs of these content management systems .
This is helpful -- with installation .
It 's also good to keep in mind that installation happens , ideally , once .
Keep the bigger picture in mind .
If you are able , testing on a local machine is always recommended .
It will allow you to experiment if you 're having trouble making a decision , or test ( and configure ) the CMS you 've chosen .
I 'm partial , of course , to using the LAMP stack ( Linux , Apache , MySQL and PHP ) to test sites locally .
There are a number of options ( XAMPP , WAMP for OS X and Windows ) that make testing locally on other operating systems easy .
There are a lot of good , strong , open source content management systems out there .
Thinking beyond installation -- considering long term goals , audience , and tech skill involved -- will increase the likelihood of choosing one that not only " sticks , " but works exceedingly well .
Over time , Sam Adams and the whole craft movement began to slowly change the way Americans think about their own beer .
Today , the center of creativity and quality in brewing has migrated from Europe to the United States .
Image Jim Koch
Q . And now , there are 1,400 craft brewers in the United States ?
A. Yes .
Roughly 1,000 of those are brew pubs , while others are making some of the most interesting beer around .
Q. Does the competition worry you ?
A. No .
Beer is where wine was 25 years ago .
We are at the beginning of an explosion in interest in beer .
There ’s a generation of beer drinkers who have grown up expecting to get great beer .
They are really driving the market .
Sam Adams is starting to become available in places that it was never was , like convenience stores .
We are growing in Wal - Mart .
Q. When you ’re the No. 1 brewer , and you ’re in Wal - Mart , do you worry that that takes away from your pioneer craft beer image ?
A . There will always be people looking for novelty and obscurity .
I ’m not trying to be obscure .
I ’m trying to change the way Americans think about beer .
Q. Boston Beer reported worse - than - expected third - quarter results and lowered the outlook for 2009 .
What happened ?
A. Sales were actually a little better than expected .
We had a number of accounting charges .
One of them was some residual charges from the recall back in April .
We thought we closed the books on it and then we got the last bit of beer back from our wholesalers .
And we had to accelerate the shortfall fees we pay to other breweries as we ramped up our new brewery in Pennsylvania , and there were some things with the tax rate .
500 light years away , the star T Leporis is dying .
It used to be much like the Sun , but the store of nuclear fuel in its core is running out .
Due to the nuclear processes going on deep inside it , its energy production has vastly increased , blasting out thousands of times the energy it did when it was a stable star .
The outer layers of the star absorb this energy , and , like a hot air balloon , expand hugely .
Even though it is now far , far brighter than it used to be , the expansion actually cools the star 's surface .
It has become a bloated , swollen red giant .
Because the surface is cooler , more complex molecules can form there .
What astronomers call dust , they are blasted by the intense brightness of the light coming up from below .
And because the star has expanded so much , its gravity at the surface is much lower , too .
The huge force upwards from the light cannot be held back by the feeble gravity , and the dust is launched into space , creating a spherical shell around the star .
And now , for the first time , astronomers have taken the sharpest infrared pictures ever of that shell as it is hurled into space .
The image above is not an illustration , it 's an actual image of a red giant star undergoing dying paroxysms and blasting a dense shell of molecules into space .
As you can see by the comparison drawing of the Earth 's orbit around the Sun , T Lep has expanded to a diameter of nearly 300 million kilometers ( 180 million miles ) .
At first , I thought the ring around the star was not real , and was instead what 's called an imaging artifact ; a mirage due to optical effects inside a telescope or camera .
But it 's actually the dense shell of ejected material from the star .
This incredible picture was not taken by a single telescope .
It was produced by combining the light of four different 1.8 meter telescopes in a process called interferometry .
It 's a fiendishly complex process that virtually creates a telescope that has the same resolution ( ability to see small objects ) as a single telescope spanning the separation between the smaller ones .
In other words , separate the smaller ' scopes by 100 meters , and you can create a virtual telescope 100 meters across .
The longer the wavelength , the easier this process is ( though it 's never easy ) ; in this case the image was taken in the infrared .
It took multiple observing sessions over several nights , but in the end the astronomers were able to see objects as small as two milliarcseconds across -- much smaller than Hubble can resolve , and equivalent to an object just four meters across sitting on the Moon 's surface !
The ESO created a cool zoom - in of T Lep , starting just south of Orion and ending with the super - high - resolution image :
This superior resolution can allow astronomers to determine the size , shape , density , and structure of the stellar wind blowing off the surface of T Lep , which will help them understand how stars like this die .
And by " stars like this " , I mean stars like the Sun .
Some day , about 6 to 7 billion years from now , our Sun will run out of hydrogen in its core and swell up into a red giant just like T Lep has .
Take another look at that image ; see how the surface of the star is almost touching the size of the Earth 's orbit ?
We do n't know exactly how big the Sun will get , but that size right there is a pretty good guess .
What happens to the Earth at that point is fairly clear , and the news wo n't be good .
The Sun 's clock is ticking .
It has a lot of ticks left , but the number is finite .
Studying stars like T Lep let us take a peek into our own distant future , and techniques like infrared interferometry make sure that the glimpse we get is ever - more sharply focused .
If you want to learn more about how the Sun will die , then read Chapter 7 of my book , Death from the Skies !
You 'll get all the details , maybe more than you want .
Photo credit : ESO / J. - B. Le Bouquin et al .
The following chart shows the effect if one substitutes the Case - Shiller housing index for Owners ' Equivalent Rent in the CPI .
Case - Shiller - CPI ( CS - CPI ) vs. CPI -U
click on chart for sharper image .
The above chart is courtesy of my friend " TC " who writes :
For Dec 2008 the CS - CPI fell to a stunning negative 5.0 % year - over - year as compared to a positive 0.1 % for the CPI - U. Moreover , the Government OER data continues to move higher while home prices continue to move lower amplifying the divergence between the two CPIs to its largest level ever .
The CS - CPI now reflects a price level last seen in Dec 2006 .
What is equally amazing is that it was less than 2 1/2 years ago ( Sep 2005 ) when the CS - CPI was positive 7.8 % year - over - year and we 're now 1280 basis points lower .
Deflation is here and it's now even beginning to show in the government 's CPI - U data .
understated
overstating
Firebird – SuperServer , ClassicServer or SuperClassic ?
One of the most important decisions when deploying a Firebird server is the choice of server type .
This choice is made during installation .
If it´s hard enough to make an informed decision today , just wait until Firebird 2.5 is out .
There will be 3 options : SuperServer , ClassicServer and SuperClassic .
The great differences among them are the page cache and the way the server handles the processes and threads that execute your statements .
SuperServer
In SuperServer there is only one page cache and it is shared among all client connections .
Because it is shared , this cache is very efficient .
When several clients access the same database areas every client benefit from a big and well fed cache .
For example , when client A issues :
SELECT NAME FROM CUSTOMERS WHERE ID = 1 ;
a few pages related to table CUSTOMERS and to the primary key index are loaded into the cache .
When client B issues :
SELECT NAME , ADDRESS , PHONE FROM CUSTOMERS WHERE ID = 2 ;
it benefits from the shared cache because the pages this statement needs are already in cache .
Also note that there is only a single process that all clients connect to .
Check the diagram :
SuperServer has scalability problems .
If you install it on a multi-CPU computer ( which is very likely nowadays ) it will only use one of the CPUs1 .
This is not a problem for small deployments or environments where the server has activities other than the database .
For example , you have a dual - core server and want to use it as a file , web , print and database server .
It is not a problem that Firebird uses only one CPU because the server has other activities to ocupy the other CPU .
And you get the benefit of a lightweight , small - footprint database .
But for big operations , where you want the database to use every cycle of server CPU , SuperServer can be frustrating .
1 Except if you run more than one database .
Starting from Firebird 2.5 , Superserver will use more than one CPU that way .
One for each database .
ClassicServer
In ClassicServer each client has its own page cache and is connected to a dedicated process .
This dedicated cache is much less efficient .
If two clients access the same database area , this area will be copied to each client ’s cache .
Using the example above , when client B issued the statement , it would not get the benefit of an already filled cache .
Instead , Firebird would have to access the disk again to answer the request .
Besides , cache synchronizations is done on disk .
This considerably increases the I/O cost on high - concurrency environments .
Check the diagram :
One great benefit of this model is the resilience offered by the multiple processes .
If one of them has problems only the client attached to it will be disconnected .
Everything else keeps running .
The other great benefit is scalability .
I believe this is responsible for most Classic deployments out there .
Even in cases where the dedicated cache is inferior to the shared cache , Classic ’s scalability make up for it .
Just add hardware and bingo , your database server is faster .
But this scalability does not come free .
Imagine you have 200 simultaneous clients .
It ’s 201 processes .
One for each client and another to listen to new connections .
Your operating system must manage all this processes and keep them in sync .
They consume a lot of kernel resources which means Classic can be relatively slow .
Check this example : Firebird 2.5 Alpha 1 Classic with 7 attached clients .
It ’s 8 processes , 18 threads , 1050 handles .
( from the screen below you ’ll see that my Vista is Brazilian Portuguese ;)
SuperClassic
starting from Firebird 2.5
The Firebird development team decided to build Firebird 3.0 based on Classic .
Firebird 3.0 will be completely SMP friendly .
SuperClassic is the first step in that direction .
It is an evolution and solves Classic ’s biggest problem : all those processes make it slow and make maintenance harder .
Welcome to SuperClassic : A single process with a dedicated cache .
Looking this way and considering the name , it may sound like a hybrid between Classic and Super but it ’s not .
What they did was put all those processes inside threads .
Now each client has a dedicated thread inside a single process .
Creating hundreds of threads is much cheaper than creating hundreds of processes and there is no loss of scalability .
Cache synchronization is done directly in memory which reduces I /O costs .
Other controls that used to be inter -process are now inter - thread and much faster .
Check a comparable example : Firebird 2.5 Alpha 1 SuperClassic with 7 attached clients , 1 process , 6 threads , 172 handles .
Conclusion
This compilation of common cases is a suggestion and serves as a guide , a starting point in your choice .
Your deployment may have details not accounted here .
SuperServer
Small databases or databases with little access
Small servers
Environments where the shared cache is more desirable than SuperClassic ’s scalability
ClassicServer
Environments where stability is the top priority
Multi-processor servers
Big databases with hundreds of users
SuperClassic
Multi-processor servers
Big databases with hundreds of users
Environments where the dedicated cache is more desirable the SuperServers shared cache
Environments where ClassicServer no longer scales well
more Firebird articles
Sinática Blog
Author
My name is Douglas Tosi .
I ’m the person ahead of Sinática , a company created to make your software more efficient .
Our first product , Sinática Monitor for Firebird , helps you optimize Firebird SQL databases .
LLVM arithmetic
xsq <- mul x x x5 <- mul 5 x r1 <- sub xsq x5 r <- add r1 6
r <- x^2 - 5*x + 6
add
Value a -> Value a -> CodeGenFunction r ( Value a )
CodeGenFunction
r
ret
So we want to compute - 5+6 using the Haskell LLVM bindings .
It would look some something like this .
Not very readable , it would be nicer to writeBut , e.g. , theinstruction has the ( simplified ) type , whereis the monad for generating code for a function .
( BTW , thetype variable is used to keep track of the return type of the function , used by theinstruction . )
We can't change the return type of add , but we can change the argument type .
Liebe Klassimo - Freunde ,
am 13.03.2020 hat die Landesregierung Schleswig - Holstein bekannt gegeben , dass alle öffentlichen Veranstaltungen ( derzeit ) bis zum 19 .
April untersagt werden , um der Verbreitung des Coronaviruses entgegenzuwirken .
Unser für den 11 .
April geplantes Klassimo - Konzert ist somit ebenfalls von dieser Maßnahme betroffen und muss unter Berücksichtigung auf die Erlasslage abgesagt werden .
Selbstverständlich erhalten alle Eintrittskarten für das Konzert am 11 .
April ihre Gültigkeit .
Als Organisatoren der Veranstaltung stehen wir im engen Kontakt mit Alexander Schimpf , um gemeinsam mit ihm und unter Berücksichtigung der aktuellen Lage einen Ersatztermin zu finden .
Wir gehen derzeit davon aus , dass wir das Konzert im 4 .
Quartal dieses Jahres nachholen können .
Sobald wir einen konkreten Termin absehen können , werden wir Sie selbstverständlich rechtzeitig informieren .
Bis dahin wünscht Ihnen das gesamte Klassimo - Team alles Gute und beste Gesundheit .
Wir freuen uns , Sie bald wieder im Logenhaus zu Flensburg begrüßen zu können !
Bleiben
Sie uns treu und vor allem gesund !
Herzliche Grüße
Ihr Klassimo - Team
“ Japan is so dependent on exports that when overseas markets slow down , Japan ’s economy teeters on collapse , ” said Hideo Kumano , an economist at the Dai-ichi Life Research Institute .
“ On the surface , Japan looked like it had recovered from its Lost Decade of the 1990s .
But Japan in fact entered a second Lost Decade — that of lost consumption . ”
The Japanese have had some good reasons to scale back spending .
Perhaps most important , the average worker ’s paycheck has shrunk in recent years , even after companies rebounded and bolstered their profits .
That discrepancy is the result of aggressive cost-cutting on the part of Japanese exporters like Toyota and Sony .
They , like American companies now , have sought to fend off cutthroat competition from companies in emerging economies like South Korea and Taiwan , where labor costs are low .
To better compete , companies slashed jobs and wages , replacing much of their work force with temporary workers who had no job security and fewer benefits .
Nontraditional workers now make up more than a third of Japan ’s labor force .
Younger people are feeling the brunt of that shift .
Some 48 percent of workers age 24 or younger are temps .
These workers , who came of age during a tough job market , tend to shun conspicuous consumption .
They tend to be uninterested in cars ; a survey last year by the business daily Nikkei found that only 25 percent of Japanese men in their 20s wanted a car , down from 48 percent in 2000 , contributing to the slump in sales .
Young Japanese women even seem to be losing their once - insatiable thirst for foreign fashion .
Louis Vuitton , for example , reported a 10 percent drop in its sales in Japan in 2008 .
Over the last few months , Infobarrel has listed many wonderful foods that would probably raise your cholesterol by a few dozen points .
Between the Poutine 2.0 , the Bacon Cheese roll amongst others , at least a few of us are a little closer to have one foot in the grave .
Today , I will take your cholesterol to new levels , today I will introduce the revolutionary Bacon Cheese Pizza Burger .
The Bacon Cheese Pizza Burger takes one meat pizza with all the meaty fixings , then on top of it adds a giant beef patty stuffed with bacon and cheese weighing in at three pounds .
We then take bacon , Colby cheese and Pepper Jack Cheese and smother them on top of the giant beef patty .
No burger would be complete without a top bun , so we take a second meat pizza and place that on top of this miracle of the ultimate burger .
This meal is intended to be shared with a tight knit group of friends after a nice afternoon of coffin shopping .
Emailed to contact.ipr@gmail.com by Steve Kubby and posted at shadowcabinet.us .
Steve Kubby was the 2008 and 2000 runner up for the Libertarian Party VP nomination , the 1998 California Libertarian Party candidate for Governor , and a candidate for the 2008 Libertarian Presidential nomination .
Posted to IPR by Paulie .
Disclosure : I worked on Kubby ’s 2008 Presidential nomination campaign .
A solder , armed with an assault rifle , steps onto the road and orders us to pull over .
I quickly take one more toke and put out my joint , blow out my smoke , and prepare to go into warrior mode .
Next I hear a loud , belligerent voice demanding to know if there are guns or drugs in our vehicle , a gleaming white BMW 645i , that obviously brought us this unwanted attention .
Before I can say anything , my host speaks up and says he has a 9 mm automatic pistol .
He then disarms the loaded clip and hands it over to the soldier .
“ Where ’s your permit ? ” demands the soldier .
“ I left it at home , ” says my host .
The soldier becomes furious and threatens to impound the car and drag him off to jail .
Instead of responding , my host turns , leans into the car and smiles at me .
“ He ’s just trying to squeeze some money out of me , do n’t worry , ” he quietly tells me .
My host dials up the Speaker of the House , the number two man in the government and puts him on speakerphone .
“ Do you know who your fucking with , mon ? ”
The solder recognizes the voice of Speaker and begins to apologize profusely .
“ You should have told me who you were ; I was just looking for some lunch money , ” he pleads .
My host tells me he also left is wallet behind and asks me for $ 1000 Jamaican , or about $ 15 US , which I quickly hand over to him .
“ I smelled marijuana , ” says the soldier , looking to squeeze a little more out of the deal .
“ Yes , you did , ” says my host , glaring back at the ill at ease soldier .
Life is certainly stranger than fiction , when you enter the world of medical marijuana .
In September 2007 , Jamaica voters dumped the socialist , People ’s National Party ( PLP ) , and elected a somewhat more right wing , Jamaica Labour Party ( JLP ) .
That victory was largely made possible by the Rastafari movement .
One year later , I received an invitation from the new government to meet with them and discuss medical marijuana .
The invitation , I was told , was brokered by a wealthy Jamaican who served as the “ Spiritual Advisor to the JLP . ”
I flew down to Jamaica in October and spent a month there in meetings .
During that time , I met with a number of resort owners who are anxious for medical marijuana tourists to come to stay with them .
My Rastafari urged me to stay in Negril , at the Bar B Barn .
I politely declined and told them I ’m not into Country Western .
They laughed and told me to trust them on this .
Soon , I found myself staying , right on the beach , at one of the most cannabis friendly resorts in the world .
Toking up was no problem anywhere in the resort , including the dining area .
Meanwhile , beach venders offered sticky buds for $ 15 US .
Thanks to my Rasta friends , I was able to secure medical grade cannabis for $ 50 , , an outrageous price by Jamaican standards , but totally worthy .
After all I am use to the medical cannabis evaluations of places like Kansas City which are required if you wanted to apply for a medical marijuana card .
Jamaica ’s incredibly medicinal sativa strains have been badly polluted by indicas from Europe .
You can find more about indica vs sativa here .
Part of my mission in Jamaica was to determine if these incredibly valuable medicinal strains still exists .
Jamaican have used these strains medically for hundreds of years , but the lure of quicker flowering and more expensive indica strains , has been devastating to the old Landrace strains that had been carefully bred for medical properties .
Indica is fairly easy to get hold of , and many people now choose to buy indica online .
Strains from Cambodia and Thailand are grown in Jamaica and the resulting soaring sativas are outstanding .
However , indigenous Jamaican strains like LambsBreath seem more elusive than ever .
During my entire stay , the Spiritual Advisor , personally drove me and served as my host — the same advisor and host who packs a 9 mm and drives the V8 BMW .
My host arranged for me to meet with a number of officials , including Speaker of the House and Minister of Health and Environment , as well as former MP and current president of Jamaica Air .
I also met with a physician and scientist , who have been producing medical cannabis medicines in Jamaica for over a decade .
During my stay , the Jamaican Cabinet met with the Minister of Health to debate allowing medical cannabis in Jamaica .
A decision was made that there was too great of a risk of economic sanctions by the US for Jamaica to change its laws , at least for now .
Meanwhile , for those who rely upon cannabis as their medicine , or those who find other value in this amazing herb , Jamaica offers a safe and pleasant alternative .
Those jokers down in Washington finally compromised on the economic stimulus bill , with the Republican minority succeeding in cutting out huge swathes of spending .
Among the casualties is the $ 2 billion for universal broadband .
Advertisement
The entire list of what has been cut can be found here , simplified for easy understanding , but these are the ones that hit us tech dorks the hardest :
• $ 2 billion for public broadband access has been totally eliminated .
Sorry , " real America , " you 're gonna keep getting screwed .
• $ 7 billion for energy - efficient public buildings has been cut in half .
• a fleet of hybrid vehicles for the federal government has also been cut in half , from $ 600 million to $ 300 million .
• $ 50 million for NASA has been totally cut .
• a combined $ 300 million for scientific research has been totally cut .
Advertisement
As always , if you think this sucks , write to your representative .
But not via email .
Lawmakers do n't believe in email . [ CNN ]
Play the Morse Code Challenge !
Challenge # 1 :
Brian ( a prominent character in Barbara Murray ’s first novel , Gifts and Bones. ) has dropped one Morse code fragment onto this page on this website and another two fragments on another page .
Those two fragments form a short sentence .
Here is this page 's fragment : ... --- ...
Your challenge ( should you decide to accept it ! ) : find the code fragments ; decipher the Morse code using the Morse code alphabet below ; and submit your translation using the form at the bottom of this page .
Your submission will go into a draw for a fabulour prize from beaandmildred.com .
Good luck !
Morse Code Alphabet
Blog
Check our blog for news , tips and users ' comments .
You can see below the latest five posts , but also you have access to all posts by clicking here
What does Scheme do well ?
What does Scheme ( not just RnRS Scheme , but Scheme more broadly ) have that no one else has ?
It is n’t lexical scope – everyone but elisp has that , these days .
It is n’t real first - class functions – lots of languages have that too .
It is n’t proper tail calls – ML does that right .
It ’s not advanced compilers for functional languages – those are a dime a dozen .
It ’s not even first - class control , which a few other languages have .
And the REPL – even Python has that .
It ’s macros .
Since 1986 , Scheme has had a macro system that other languages can’t compete with , and have n’t succeeded in matching in the last 23 years .
And over those 23 years , Scheme has n’t stood still – Schemers have developed a vastly more expressive system in which huge numbers of new and powerful language extensions are possible .
So I say , press our advantage .
Improve the macro system .
Show the programming language world what the real power of “ a very small number of rules for forming expressions ” is .
That ’s not to say that we should neglect the other things that make Scheme a high - quality programming language .
They are important , and Scheme needs a community that cares about all her aspects .
But this is not the tail wagging the dog – it ’s knowing where our strengths lie .
Starting this week , Dell 's 240,000 square - foot Oklahoma City campus will be powered by 100 - percent wind energy , boosting the company 's green power use by 35 percent nationwide and by 20 percent globally .
Starting this week , Dell 's 240,000 square - foot Oklahoma City campus will be powered by 100 - percent wind energy , boosting the company 's green power use by 35 percent nationwide and by 20 percent globally .
But the PC maker says it has set its sights on a far more ambitious goal -- to become the ' greenest ' technology company on the planet !
The Oklahoma City facility is gearing up to its part in a partnership with Oklahoma Gas and Electric company that aims to prevent 5,100 tons of CO2 from entering the atmosphere each year .
By 2015 Dell expects to cut its worldwide operations ' emissions by 40 percent .
This will be achieved via on - site renewable - energy generation , purchasing renewable energy certificates , and further collaboration with local utilities .
" Integrating green power into our operations wherever and whenever possible is a key environmental and business strategy , " said Dane Parker , director of environment , health and safety at Dell .
" It 's critical that our industry take a leadership role in the transition to a green economy .
Aggressive energy efficiency and renewable - power targets are essential . "
Pharaoh Tutankhamun Mummy
source : here
Among all the pharaohs of Ancient Egypt , Tutankhamun is the most famous one .
This is mainly due to the extraordinary wealth of artifacts found in his tomb in the famous Egyptian valley of kings .
These artifacts of Pharaoh Tutankhamun were discovered by British archaeologist Howard Carter , in 1922 , more than 3000 years after Tutankhamun ’s death .
As far as history goes , in Ancient Egypt death was regarded as a crossing point between two lives .
To cater to all his needs in the afterlife , Tutankhamun ’s tomb was filled with everything he may require .
Anyone on an Egyptian Vacation can pays a visit to Pharaoh Tutankhamun ’s treasures in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo .
Pharaoh Tutankhamun ’s exhibit includes not just thrones , jewelry , chariots and practical items such as furniture and toiletries
Pharaoh Tutankhamun ’s famous death mask was made from two sheets of solid gold , inlaid with colored glass , carnelian and lapis lazuli .
Amazingly , archaeologists took ten years to empty out King Tutankhamun ’s tomb ; and two and a half years to clear out the burial chamber alone .
At first the objects were taken out from King Tutankhamun ’s tomb and later placed in another tomb at the far end of the Valley of the Kings , before they were taken to their final resting place in the Cairo Egyptian Museum .
There is a very interesting occurrence in connection with the discovery of Pharaoh Tutankhamun ’s tomb which led some people to believe that his tomb was cursed .
The story goes that after the enigmatic death of Lord Carnavon , the tomb was believed to be cursed , especially after some other team members connected with the excavation project did indeed die .
Nowadays , this myth is long - forgotten and visitors can visit with prior reservation , the vacant tomb of King Tutankhamun in the Valleys of the King .
Despite being so popular , very little is known about Tutankhamun ’s life .
He was the nephew of Akhenaton , a pharaoh who was declared a heretic .
It is also known that Pharaoh Tutankhamun headed his realm at the tender age of nine , in 1336BC .
Later he married his half - sister , Ankhesenpamun , and they did n’t have children who survived .
Some Egyptologists believe that he was murdered by his successor Ay .
piccard_walsh_trieste Jacques Piccard ( right ) pictured with Don Walsh , pictured inside the bathyscaphe Trieste at the bottom of the Marianas Trench in 1960 .
At 10,911 metres down the trench is the deepest point on Earth - only Piccard and Walsh have ever been there .
Piccard designed and built Trieste with his father , Auguste , who was a notable engineer that had twice held the record for the highest manned balloon flight .
Star Trek creator Gene Rodenberry has said he named his character Jean - Luc Picard in honour of Auguste and Jacques .
( Image : NOAA )
A Trieste bathyscape like that used in the Marianas mission being lifted out of the water .
The large tank over the sphere was filled with gasoline - cheap , incompressible and buoyant .
Trieste controlled buoyancy by swapping some gasoline for seawater , and ascended by dropping balls of iron shot .
This approach was directly copied from the way Auguste 's balloons were controlled .
( Image : US Naval Historical Center ) Advertisement
Piccard and Walsh travelled downwards for more than five hours in their cramped sphere before reaching the bottom .
This is how Piccard later described the scene : " " The bottom appeared light and clear , a waste of snuff - colored ooze .
Indifferent to the nearly 200,000 tons of pressure clamped on her metal sphere , the Trieste [ made ] token claim , in the name of science and humanity , to the ultimate depths in all our oceans - the Challenger Deep . "
After noticing cracks in the windows , Piccard decided to start the ascent after just 20 minutes .
It took three hours to reach the surface .
The two explorers reported seeing shrimp and a fish at the bottom - the latter claim caused controversy among scientists who said they could n't exist at such depths .
The deepest living fish have recently been filmed at a depth of 7.7 km [ link with video ] .
( Image : US Naval Historical Center )
In 1968 , Piccard built the Grumman / Piccard PX - 15 , also known as the Ben Franklin , for a six - man crew .
Equipped with only minimal propulsion , it was designed to spend a month underwater studying the Gulf Stream by simply drifting with it .
The 15 - metre craft carried tonnes of lead - acid batteries to provide power and submerged off Florida on July 14 , 1969 .
This photo shows the crew shortly before submerging .
( Image : NASA )
The Ben Franklin was studded with sensors to take oceanographic measurements , but it also provided a chance for NASA to study a crew confined in close , isolated quarters for a long period .
The craft 's mission coincided with the Apollo 11 moon landing and was relevant to NASA 's ambitions to send humans on long space missions , such as would be required on space stations .
A crew member from the space agency studied his fellows throughout the journey , noting everything from sleep patterns to morale .
( Image : NASA )
Conditions on board the Ben Franklin were far from comfortable .
To conserve electricity the craft did n't use heaters and the crew struggled to stay warm throughout the mission .
The temperate was usually around 14 °C , while humidity fluctuated between 73 and 100 % .
The hot water system failed early on , reducing the crew to making up their dehydrated rations with tepid water .
( Image : NASA )
The Ben Franklin resurfaced on August 14 , south of Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada .
It had travelled 2,700 km ( 1444 nautical miles ) at depths between 180 and 600m .
( Image : NASA )
Stargate Atlantis is a veritable rainbow of sexuality — we just never knew it .
The producers are now outing two SGA characters whose gay subplots were left on the cutting - room floor .
Advertisement
Stargate Atlantis producer Joseph Mallozzi took to his blog to write about the " What Ifs " of SGA including the queer love square they never followed through with , and which character is still in the closet to fans .
According to him , Captain Alicia Vega ( played by the gorgeous Leela Savasta ) was supposed to be a vying for the affections of Dr. Keller ( Jewel Staite ) along with Rodney McKay and Ronon , thus turning that incredibly cold love triangle into a love square .
( Love rhombus ? )
But alas , the scene where Vega asked Keller out on a date was cut from the " Search And Rescue " episode this season .
Sadly , we 'll never get to know this adorable supposed lesbian because she was unfairly slain in " Whispers " by one of Michael 's test subjects .
Advertisement
From Mallozzi's blog :
The character of Alicia Vega , meanwhile , did offer an opening that an established character did not : she was new and the final scene of the season five premiere felt neither forced nor insignificant .
Of course , as Paul pointed out : “ Do we really want to make this love triangle a love rectangle ? ” .
Well , again , the decision was made for us when the episode ran waaaay too long and a good portion of Vega ’s scenes , including the last one , had to be cut for time .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
It 's sad to think that Vega could have had a fun side story , but instead she was killed .
Still you never know , because NO ONE DIES ON STARGATE .
She could be back , and gayer than ever .
Oh , Mallozzi — you should have gone through with it .
I would have applauded the effort , and it would have brought in more character development , something SGA can always use more of .
But wait , there 's more under the big rainbow of SGA .
Another character on the show is secretly gay , and we 'll probably never find out who he is .
Here 's a hint from Mallozzi :
The prospect of introducing a gay character to the Stargate universe was always an interesting possibility , but one that would require the right circumstances .
In fact , for several years now , there has been one recurring character who , in my mind , is gay , but there has never been an opportunity to confirm the fact .
While I feared that suggesting it in a throw - away ( “ I ’m heading back to Earth to spend time with my boyfriend .
See ya ! ” ) would seem like a truly forced WTF moment for fans , alternately , making a big deal of it felt wrong as well .
So , unless the right circumstances present themselves for this character , the fans can simply go ahead assuming he is heterosexual until such a time that , in a Rowlingesque postscript , I can add : “ And , oh yeah , by the way - he was gay . ”
Advertisement
Okay , so it 's Lorne — at least I think it is , why because I always knew there was more to him than just that guy standing there .
Or maybe I just wish it was Lorne , cause he 's far too pretty compared to the rest of the crew , and even though I think he had a thing for Teyla , it seemed forced .
Advertisement
You can tell that this was the type of character that the writers always thought they were going to do more with but could n't find the time .
Now we 'll never know who it is until more details come out , and I know the final episodes are in the can .
But I could always do with more Lorne .
A few other sites threw out Chuck the technician and Radek Zelenka , but my money is on Major Lorne .
Zelenka is another good call , as I know nothing about the man 's back story but it would be a bit jarring for both Z and L to just off handedly mention that they have a boyfriend .
So while I agree that they could n't just toss it in there , I wish they 'd at least tried .
Now that all of this is coming out , I feel the need to say : Kinda lame , guys .
You know I love Stargate , , but this Monday quarterbacking a dead show is a little frustrating .
Cool that one character had a gay love storyline that was actually shot , but to make another recurring character gay off - camera is kind of disappointing .
Also , did n't J.K.
Rowling already play this card ?
Advertisement
[ Joseph Mallozzi via Gateworld ]
Appearing behind a podium that proclaimed , “ Financial Stability and Recovery , ” Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner on Tuesday carefully read from a teleprompter and provided what his flack said was a “ comprehensive ” plan .
It was not comprehensive in any way .
It seemed so amateurish and shallow that the market dropped and commentators and senators were almost incredulous at the lack of detail .
But what were they expecting ?
Geithner does n’t know the details because he has n’t been given them yet .
Those who expected the details of the plan were operating under the false assumption that the Treasury Secretary ―and by extension , the U.S. Government ―is in practical control and charge of the U.S. economy .
Geithner ’s performance followed President Obama having advertised Geithner ’s appearance in advance by saying , “ He ’s going to be terrific .
I ’m going to make sure that Tim gets his moment in the sun . ”
The sun ?
One analyst said Geithner looked like a deer caught in the headlights .
It turns out the speech , which did mention the spending of trillions of dollars , was delivered in the Treasury Department ’s “ Cash Room . ”
No kidding .
Senator Orrin Hatch had voted to confirm Geithner , saying that he “ is not merely acceptable for the job―he is highly qualified . ”
That was largely because of his role as President of the New York Federal Reserve Bank in previous financial bailouts that have yet to succeed .
Hatch understood this , but said that Geithner ’s recognition that mistakes had occurred “ makes him more valuable , in my view , in the continuing effort to right our economic ship . ”
Why is he so valuable ?
It ’s not because he learns from his mistakes .
As we have argued in previous columns , Geithner is valuable because he is a major player in the global financial community , a prominent figure in the “ Group of Thirty ” organization of central bankers and the Council on Foreign Relations .
He is a former employee of Kissinger Associates and lived in China and speaks Chinese .
His father , Peter Geithner , is a former top official of the Ford Foundation who knew Obama ’s mother when she was working on “ microfinance ” in Indonesia .
It would be a serious mistake to say that Geithner is incompetent .
He knows exactly what he ’s doing .
Essentially , his programmed performance was designed to send the message to the American people and the Congress that we ca n’t be trusted with the details , even when they are available .
It was pathetic to watch our elected senators at a subsequent hearing pleading for details .
But it was also a “ teaching moment . ”
This is out of our hands .
This is the “ New World Order ” and we had better get used to it .
The media could n’t help but notice that Geithner ’s performance fell flat .
The Washington Post reported that “ … the lack of detail in his plan dismayed lawmakers and investors , triggering a steep sell - off on Wall Street . ”
The New York Times said , “ Initial reviews for the man and his plan were not good … ” and that “ withering punditry on the business - news cable channels ” made Geithner look even worse .
You did n’t have to be a pundit to be aghast at Geithner ’s performance .
But wait a minute .
Was n’t this the guy who was so smart that his tax cheating had to be overlooked in order to be confirmed ?
What is going on here ?
Is Geithner ’s “ plan , ” such as it is , designed to fail ?
Or does he not know what he ’s doing ?
Or could there be another explanation ?
Geithner may not have all the answers because he has not gotten his marching orders .
Those orders come from China , the global elite and the international bankers .
After giving non-answers to Congress , Geithner is preparing to take off for a G - 7 Meeting of Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors in Rome , Italy .
These foreign finance officials may determine the nature and fate of Geithner ’s “ stability and recovery ” plan .
These top finance officials include central bank governors , who play a role in what press reports described as “ economic coordination among the top industrialized nations . ”
One key global player is China .
“ Geithner spoke late on Sunday evening with Chinese Vice Premier Wang Qishan , ” Reuters reported .
Hence , Geithner was talking to a Chinese official even before he outlined his “ plan ” to the American people and the Senate .
This was the second such conversation in a week .
In a statement , the Treasury Department said that Wang and Geithner “ agreed that strong cooperation on macroeconomic financial and regulatory matters was an essential part of the U.S. relationship with China and that it was important to sustain close dialogue , particularly at this time of global financial turmoil . ”
Wang Qishan was honored last year at a dinner sponsored by the United States Committee on United States - China Relations , on whose board Kissinger and Peter Geithner serve .
Another speaker at the dinner was Bush Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , Geithner ’s predecessor .
Meanwhile , in her first trip abroad since taking office , Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton will be traveling to Asia , including in China from February 20 - 22 .
The State Department explained that she will be discussing “ common approaches to the challenges facing the international community , ” including “ the financial markets turmoil . ”
So both Geithner and Clinton will be attempting to persuade the Chinese to sign on .
In this “ New World Order , ” China is in the driver ’s seat .
The conclusion has to be that Geithner does n’t know how his “ stability ” plan will work out in practice because he ’s not yet sure what China and other global players are going to do .
Our fate lies in their hands , signaling desperate times for our nation .
Obama speaks of a possible catastrophe but he is n’t telling the American people the brutal truth at his carefully orchestrated town hall meetings .
His prescription is more debt and spending ―the same policies that brought us to this precipice .
He can only succeed , at least in the sense of getting foreign credit to pay for this spending spree , if the Communist Chinese and the rich Arabs agree .
For the most part , the media wo n’t tell the truth , either .
They ’re too busy clamoring for front row seats at presidential press conferences .
( CNN ) -- Just three days before Election Day , Sens. Barack Obama and John McCain spent Saturday campaigning across battleground states .
Sen. Barack Obama holds a rally Saturday in Pueblo , Colorado .
" We are three days away from changing America , " Obama said at a late rally in Springfield , Missouri , his third stop on Saturday .
Still , Obama added , " We can't afford to slow down or let up in these next few days ... not when there 's so much at stake . "
Sen .
John McCain capped off a day of campaigning in Virginia and Pennsylvania with a sidetrip to New York , where he appeared on " Saturday Night Live " on the last weekend before the presidential election .
McCain has made two previous appearances on the NBC show , but it 's the first one this year .
The Arizona senator appeared in the opening skit , next to former cast member Tina Fey reprising her role as his running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin .
He made a second appearance during the " Weekend Update " segment that skewers current events .
Earlier in the day , McCain told Springfield voters in northern Virginia that the area is key to a Republican victory .
" I want to remind you again : Fairfax County is key to this election , " McCain said .
" You know that .
You know how important it is for us to win here .
You know how important it is that we put this country in the right direction .
I need your help for the next three days . "
Earlier Saturday , Sen. Barack Obama also hit key swing states , campaigning in Missouri , Colorado and Nevada and taking a jab at that day 's endorsement of McCain by Vice President Dick Cheney .
At an event in Laramie , Wyoming , Cheney said he will vote for the McCain - Palin ticket .
" This year , of course , I 'm not on the ballot , so I am here ... not to vote for me , but I want to join daughter Liz , who is with me today , join us in casting ... our ballots for John McCain and Sarah Palin , " Cheney said .
Obama started his day with a morning rally in Henderson , Nevada , before heading to Pueblo , Colorado , and Springfield , Missouri .
" I 'd like to congratulate Sen. McCain on this endorsement , because he really earned it .
That endorsement did n't come easy , " Obama said at the Pueblo rally .
He added that Cheney " knows that with John McCain , you get a twofer : George Bush 's economic policy and Dick Cheney 's foreign policy .
And that is a risk the American people cannot afford to take . "
McCain spokesman Tucker Bounds responded in a statement : " Barack Obama and Dick Cheney are n't just cousins ; they 've shared support for the Bush energy policy and the out - of - control spending that John McCain has fought to oppose . "
Bounds was referring to research done by the vice president 's wife showing that Cheney and Obama are distant cousins .
Earlier at a rally in Henderson , Nevada , Obama continued to defend his tax plan for the middle class -- and defended against " socialist " claims made against him .
" The choice in this election is n't between tax cuts and no tax cuts .
It 's about whether you believe we should only reward wealth or we should also reward the work and the workers who give it , " Obama said .
" John McCain calls this socialistic .
I call it opportunity . "
At the event in Springfield , Virginia , McCain hit Obama hard on issues facing seniors .
" Every four years , the Democrats roll out these ads try to scare seniors over Social Security and Medicare .
... I was there when we saved Social Security under President Reagan , and I 'm going to protect Social Security .
I 'm going to protect Medicare , and I 'm not going to let this Congress tax away your retirement , " McCain said .
Watch more of McCain 's Virginia rally »
A month ago , McCain 's brother Joe called northern Virginia " communist country . "
And two weeks ago , McCain adviser Nancy Pfotenhauer said the area was n't a " real " part of the state .
" I certainly agree that northern Virginia has gone more Democratic , " Pfotenhauer had said .
" And as a proud resident of Oakton , Virginia , I can tell you that the Democrats have just come in from the District of Columbia and moved into northern Virginia .
" And that 's really what you see there .
But the rest of the state , ' real ' Virginia , if you will , I think will be very responsive to Sen. McCain 's message . "
Asked whether she wanted to clarify her comments , Pfotenhauer stood by them .
McCain attended a rally in Perkasie , Pennsylvania , before heading to New York for his appearance on " Saturday Night Live . "
Meanwhile , former President Clinton hit the campaign trail for Obama in Beckley , West Virginia .
Clinton defended Obama 's economic policies and blasted the GOP for believing in a " top - down economy . "
" We can't afford the wrong philosophy , and they 're out there whacking on Obama saying he 's for redistribution .
Give me a break , folks , " Clinton said .
Obama 's chief strategist said the last - minute appearance of stories like this weekend 's news that the Illinois senator 's aunt may be living in the country illegally would make people " suspicious . "
Zeituni Onyango , a native of Kenya , has been living in Boston , Massachusetts , despite losing an appeal for asylum , a source told CNN .
Obama 's campaign issued a statement Saturday saying that the Democratic nominee " has no knowledge of her status but obviously believes that any and all appropriate laws should be followed . "
Obama campaign chief strategist David Axelrod said the timing of the report might raise a few eyebrows .
Sen .
Joe Biden , Obama 's running mate , said he hoped McCain would finish the campaign with a positive tone .
The Democratic vice presidential candidate said he does n't remember a presidential campaign ending so viciously .
" In my view , over the last few weeks , John McCain 's campaign has gone way over the top , " Biden said Saturday at a rally in Evansville , Indiana .
" They are trying to take the low road to the highest office in the land . "
Watch more of Biden 's take on the race »
Biden traveled Saturday to events in Marion , Ohio , and Bowling Green , Ohio .
Watch analysts weigh the state of the race
Biden 's Republican counterpart , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , kicked off a bus tour of central Florida on Saturday by focusing on the financial concerns of the nearly 3 million Floridians over the age of 65 .
Palin , speaking at a rally in New Port Richey , Florida , promised that she and McCain will " keep our defining commitments to our senior citizens . "
But she spent little time on the Republican agenda and turned her sights on Obama , who has accused McCain of wanting to cut Medicare funding and place Social Security benefits in the stock market .
Watch more of Palin 's comments »
" Obama goes around promising a new kind of politics .
Then he comes here to Florida .
...
He tries to exploit the fears and worries about Social Security and Medicare to our retirees , and that 's the oldest and cheapest kind of politics there is , " she said .
Palin said Obama favors a government takeover of health care , an accusation that drew boos from the audience .
Referring to New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson , a Democrat who said this week that Obama 's tax cuts would go only to those making under $ 120,000 , Palin called the Democratic tax plan " so phony " and said she was thankful that " it 's starting to unravel " and that " the light is being shown on his tax plan . "
According to the Obama campaign , Richardson meant to say that people making less than $ 250,000 wo n't see their taxes increase .
Palin also continued to repeat a claim , which has been debunked , that " according to an independent analysis , our opponent 's new policies will destroy nearly 6 million jobs over the next decade . "
She later made the same claim at rallies in Central Florida and Raleigh , North Carolina .
The Alaska governor had rallies scheduled in five cities in three key states Saturday : Florida , North Carolina and Virginia , once a reliable Republican state that 's now a toss - up .
CNN 's Dana Bash , Peter Hamby , Ed Hornick , Alexander Marquardt and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .
All About U.S. Presidential Election • Barack Obama • John McCain
Different types of dangerous lives . —
You have no idea what you are living through ; you rush through life as if you were drunk and now and then fall down some staircase .
But thanks to your drunkenness you never break a limb : your muscles are too relaxed and your brain too benighted for you to find the stones of these stairs as hard as we do !
For us life is more dangerous : we are made of glassâ€ ” woe unto us if we merely bump ourselves !
And all is lost if we fall !
The Gay Science ( 1882 )
Gordon Brown wants to rein in taxpayers spending on MPs ' pensions
Prime Minister Gordon Brown has ordered a review of MPs ' pensions in a bid to halt the growing cost to the taxpayer .
He has asked the chairman of the Senior Salaries Review Body to consider the " full range of options " for reducing the £ 12 m annual burden .
Increasing the retirement age or ending the current final - salary scheme are possible options .
Both the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats have insisted the final salary scheme must end .
A review proposed in January 2008 was put off by MPs , who voted to delay the inquiry until the cost of pensions hit 20 % of their total payroll , which is around £ 130m .
The review was triggered when the Government Actuary 's Department warned the prime minister that the 20 % threshold was likely to be breached .
The cost to the Treasury of MPs ' pensions has risen from £ 9.8 m in 2003 to £ 12 m last year .
Over that period , MPs themselves were asked to contribute only an extra £ 700,000 .
' Blank cheque '
BBC political correspondent Reeta Chakrabarti said a government source had said Mr Brown strongly felt the need to get a grip on the issue .
" Gordon Brown clearly wants to send a signal that he 's being tough at a time when voters are facing financial difficulties of their own , " she said .
Lib Dem work and pensions spokesman Steve Webb said : " When private sector companies are closing their final salary schemes because they are unaffordable , taxpayers simply cannot be asked to go on writing a blank cheque to maintain MPs ' pensions in their present form . "
A Conservative Party spokesman added : " On the specific matter of final salary schemes what is needed is a decision - not another review . "
The impending end of the Bush administration and the inauguration of Barack Obama , expected to repudiate the illegalities and human - rights abuses of his predecessor , pose the enormous and explosive question of what to do about those responsible for what are regarded by a significant part of the public in the Western democracies , not to speak of the United States , as war crimes .
Obama signifies a new start in the United States , and an opportunity for renewal and rendering justice .
But new starts do not wipe the slate of history , as has become clear in recent years by the proliferation of memorials and ceremonies intended as apologies for histories of crimes and persecutions that can never be undone .
A new American administration ’s new start means a new structure of legislation to augment and correct what already has been done and to change the norms of public life .
In today ’s case , a fundamental distinction must be drawn between political and foreign - policy issues up for debate in national elections , and now before the Obama government , and the Bush record of acts of international illegality , including what generally are thought to be war crimes , such as torture .
There will be no war - crimes trial for George W. Bush or Richard Cheney .
There will be investigations into many aspects of the two Bush terms .
These inevitably will from the start be turned into political battles between Democrats and Republicans , obscuring all else on the national scene short of military catastrophe ( unfortunately , not entirely unlikely in 2009 ) .
In a thoughtful examination of the war crimes issue in the Jan. 15 New York Review , David Cole of the Georgetown University Law Center concludes that for national foreclosure , there has to be a formal accounting and determination of responsibility for the criminal policies of the Bush government , made by an independent and bipartisan blue - ribbon commission , possessing subpoena power , security clearance and access to all requested documents .
This commission should be mandated by the president or Congress ( or both ) .
This is highly to be desired , but in my opinion impossible .
It would be prevented , undermined or discredited by partisan pressures .
There will be many NGO and activist - group demands for trials .
There may well be indictments of individual Bush administration officials by foreign courts , acting on the principle of “ universal jurisdiction ” and the Gen.
Pinochet precedent .
This already has happened in Italy ( in absentia ) in the case of a number of named CIA agents , charged with the kidnapping and torture of a Muslim radical resident there .
These agents will not be handed over by Washington , and no foreign government is likely to try to enforce such a conviction , although the more notorious figures of the Bush administration would do well to be cautious in their holiday travels .
On the other hand , I would think both the good sense of the new administration , and the American popular sense of justice , would preclude any further throwing of ordinary soldiers to prosecutorial wolves , as in the ignoble case of the West Virginia reservists tried in the Abu Ghraib affair , made to take the rap for the highest officials in the American government — a disgusting and dishonorable affair .
So what can be done ?
There are two purposes to be served .
The first is to hold those responsible for war crimes to account , which I think unlikely ( at least in this American political generation ) .
Their punishment will have to be left to the historians ( or perhaps to a future American Dante , capable of recreating Guantanamo as an Inferno for American politicians ) .
The second purpose that must be served is deterrence .
On that , I have a proposal .
The most effective way to prevent future war crimes is not to threaten elected leaders with punishment that probably will not be imposed .
It is to convince civilian and military officials at all levels of government that if they commit or participate in war crimes , as clearly defined in international law and the Uniform Code of Military Justice , even under orders of their superiors , the serious possibility will exist that ( in another administration ? ) they will be appropriately punished .
I would have President Obama solemnly recall to the members of the military services , and all other agencies of government , that acts violating the principles internationally agreed as a result of the Nuremberg Tribunal in 1945 - 1946 , and acts proscribed in the Geneva Conventions and the U.S. Universal Code of Military Justice , are war crimes , and orders by senior officers to commit these acts are illegal orders .
Obviously , few individual soldiers , officers or officials will find themselves in a position to defy such illegal orders .
But if they do not formally decline such orders , or fail to voice their protest when being compelled under duress to execute those orders , they should understand that this may eventually result in their trial .
The punishment may be severe , or at a minimum their offense will be noted in their career personnel records , effectively terminating their professional careers in government .
One can not multiply heroes .
One can discourage a great many people in all ranks of government from condoning , acquiescing in , or joining torture teams , or otherwise accepting duty or condoning policies likely at worst to put them in prison , or at least end their careers .
I would at the same time have President Obama announce presidential honors for the military lawyers and CIA or Justice Department officials who defied or protested the illegal policies and actions of the Bush government .
William Pfaff ’s Web site is www.williampfaff.com.
Stacking together a handful of separate features in Gmail gives you a unified inbox for managing multiple email accounts , and an easy way to glance at and manage them all .
Advertisement
Earlier this month a feature appeared in Gmail Labs : multiple inboxes based on labels .
Zach Gellar , over at The Official Gmail Blog , has a great tip for leveraging the multiple - inbox trick into a full fledged control panel for multiple email accounts :
Gmail Labs Adds Multiple Inboxes Gmail Labs adds a new Multiple Inboxes feature today that allows you to keep an eye on multiple …
Read more
1. Turn on Multiple Inboxes from the Labs tab under Settings .
2 . Set up a filter to auto - archive all mail sent to your work or school address .
3. Customize one of your multiple inboxes to show mail sent to your other address .
To do this , go to the Multiple Inboxes tab under Settings and set up one of the panes to search for mail sent to your other address .
4. ( Optional )
Use a " custom from " address so that replies will be sent from Gmail but as if they 're from your other account .
This way , your coworkers or classmates wo n't know the difference .
Advertisement
Consolidate Multiple Email Addresses with Gmail
The following post was originally published in Chapter 1 of our new book , Upgrade Your Life : The… Read more
Once you 've set your email to be forwarded and properly labeled , you can use the other inboxes not as subdivisions of your primary Gmail account , but as inboxes for separate email accounts .
Genius !
While some prefer to keep their various email accounts compartmentalized , if you 're not opposed to creating a mega-inbox , this trick stands to greatly cut down on the time you spend navigating to , and taming , your email .
Manage Several Email Accounts with Multiple Inboxes [ The Official Gmail Blog ]
Not to be outdone by LG ’s solar - powered phone we saw yesterday , Samsung have announced their own solar handset that can supposedly generate enough power through its cells to “ call anytime , anywhere . ”
The phone , like the LG model , is being showcased at Mobile World Congress 2009 and is quite an attention - grabber with its full - touchscreen display and uncompromising styling .
The rear of the phone is covered in solar cells that integrate well with the design and following with the “ eco ” theme , the casing is made of PCM plastic extracted from recycled water bottles .
The phone includes an “ eco- walk ” function that presumably aims to encourage people to walk more often , calculating CO2 emissions you ’ve saved by not driving on - the - fly with its built - in pedometer .
This function is extraordinarily gimmicky and largely inaccurate – how on Blue Earth does it know what kind of car you drive and its emissions ?
Many of the people this would appeal to would , I ’d imagine , have either downsized their car or upgraded to a hybrid or even an electric model , which , depending on where they source their electricity , could render this function worthless .
On a positive and practical note , the phone does have the ability for a user to switch off Bluetooth and dim the screen when trying to charge by solar power alone .
The handset will also come with an energy efficient charger to top you up on days with little sun , or for users in sunless countries .
Samsung ’s Blue Earth will be free from Brominated Flame Retardants , Beryllium , and Phthalate and will apparently see a European release in the second half of this year .
Full Press Release Below :
Samsung Introduces “ Blue Earth ” – The First Solar Powered Full - Touch Phone Barcelona , Spain , February 16 , 2009 – Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. today unveiled the innovative solar powered full - touch screen phone “ Blue Earth ” at Mobile World Congress 2009 , alongside Samsung ’s vision for environmental sustainability .
Under the slogan : “ The Blue Earth Dream : Eco-living with SAMSUNG mobile ” , Samsung reinforced its commitment to protect the environment through the design of eco-friendly products and a programme of activities for its customers .
Designed to symbolize a flat and well rounded shiny pebble , Blue Earth is the first solar powered full - touch screen phone .
By charging with the solar panel located on the back of the phone , users can generate enough electronic power to call anytime anywhere .
Blue Earth is made from recycled plastic called PCM , which is extracted from water bottles , helping to reduce fuel consumption and carbon emissions in the manufacturing process .
The device , including charger , is free from harmful substances such as Brominated Flame Retardants , Beryllium and Phthalate .
The latest in a series of eco-friendly products , Blue Earth comes with a unique user interface which is designed to draw attention to preserving our fragile environment .
Simple to set screen brightness , backlight duration and Bluetooth to an energy - efficient mode , this new user interface allows the user to be energy - efficient with just one click of ’ Eco mode ’ .
Through the ‘ eco walk ’ function the user can count their steps with an in - built pedometer , calculating how much CO2 emissions have been reduced by walking as opposed to motor transport .
This unique function allows user to calculate the value of this footprint through the number of trees that have been saved .
The packaging for Blue Earth is designed to be both small and light , made from recycled paper , and comes with a 5 star energy efficient charger which uses standby power lower than 0.03W .
As part of the Voluntary Agreement of European Commission IPP ( Integrated Product Policy ) pilot program , Samsung has agreed to start using rating on energy consumption on the no-load mode of the mobile device charger .
“ Samsung ’s ‘ The Blue Earth Dream ’ demonstrates our small but meaningful commitments for the future and our environment , ” said Mr. JK Shin , Executive Vice President and Head of Mobile Communication Division of Samsung Electronics .
“ We are committed to achieving the highest eco-status with our customers and business partners by providing the best eco-products and promoting eco-activities . ”
Get in touch with Samsung Mobile !
Learn more about ‘ The Blue Earth Dream ’ and other eco-friendly initiatives at www.samsungmwc.com and visit us at Hall 8 , Stand 8a139 at Mobile World Congress , Barcelona .
About The Blue Earth Dream The Blue Earth Dream conveys hope and sets goals for sustainable growth and life .
In increasing environmental awareness , Samsung is developing ways to reduce CO2 emissions and to save energy at every stage of the product life cycle , as an effective response to climate change .
Milestones have been put in place to eliminate hazardous substances from handsets and packaging will be designed from recycled materials .
Samsung will encourage its customers to recycle handsets at a growing number of special take - back points worldwide .
Sources :
Samsung ( Press Release ) via SlashGear
The organisation are allowing members of the public to become " beneficial owners " of the " Airplot " in order to register their protest and in the hope it will make it more difficult for a compulsory purchase order .
The following letter was sent to a Christian young man I know who was considering joining the military .
He has n’t joined as of yet , and I hope and pray that he does n’t .
I am posting this letter publicly in the hope that it might persuade some Christian young men I do n’t know from joining the military .
Dear ______ :
I have been told that you are thinking about joining the military .
I hope I am misinformed .
I understand that you are having trouble finding a job , but think that , as a Christian young man , you are making a big mistake if you join today ’s military .
First of all , you were raised in a Christian home and went to Christian schools your whole life .
You will be needlessly exposed to much wickedness in the military .
You will unnecessarily face temptations that you have never been exposed to .
Why put yourself in this position ?
It is a fact that there is a network of brothels around the world to service U.S. troops stationed overseas .
I know that you are a clean young man and have a girlfriend , but do n’t deceive yourself into thinking that you can remain clean in the military .
Because I write on war and military issues , I have scores of veterans , Christian and otherwise , who have written me that will back up everything I am saying .
Second , it is one thing to join the military out of a sense of patriotism , but how does joining the military for financial reasons make you any different than a mercenary ?
I know that sounds harsh , but would you consider joining the military if you had a good job right now ?
Third , the senseless wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have no end in sight .
There is no guarantee that you will not be sent to Iraq , Afghanistan , or some other God - forsaken place where you could be in danger of losing life or limb .
And for what ?
Fourth , you ca n’t trust military recruiters .
Like a car salesman , they are trying to make their monthly quota .
They have been caught on tape lying to young men , even telling them that no troops were being sent to Iraq anymore .
Fifth , I know that you have a very low opinion of the new president , Barack Obama .
I share your opinion completely .
As a member of the military , Obama would be your commander in chief .
You could be sent anywhere to fight for Obama .
Are you willing to fight and possibly die because Obama thinks it necessary to send American troops into some other war ?
Sixth , in the military , you will be expected to blindly follow the orders of your officers .
Independent thought is not tolerated .
Please consider the words of U.S. Marine Corps Major General Smedley Butler ( 1881 — 1940 ) , a two - time Congressional Medal of Honor winner : “ Like all the members of the military profession , I never had a thought of my own until I left the service .
My mental faculties remained in suspended animation while I obeyed the orders of higher - ups .
This is typical with everyone in the military service . ”
Major General Butler became disillusioned with military service and wrote a famous book called War Is a Racket in which he said : “ War is a racket .
It always has been .
It is possibly the oldest , easily the most profitable , surely the most vicious .
It is the only one international in scope .
It is the only one in which the profits are reckoned in dollars and the losses in lives . ”
Seventh , the purpose of the U.S. military is to defend America .
But not only is the military not being used in defense of the country , it is being used to guard the borders , patrol the coasts , and defend the shores of other countries .
The purpose of the military has been perverted by the interventionist foreign policy of the United States .
There are American troops stationed in 147 countries and 10 territories .
I know this for a fact because I have researched this in official Department of Defense documents and written about it on many occasions .
The current use of the military is contrary to the American Founding Fathers ’ policy of nonintervention in the affairs of other countries .
Eighth , joining the military may have an adverse effect on your future family .
I know that you have a girlfriend that you are very serious about .
You should know that the breakup of marriages and relationships because of soldiers being deployed to Iraq and elsewhere is epidemic .
Multiple duty tours and increased deployment terms are the death knell for stable families .
What makes you think that the military will never send you away from your family for an extended period of time ?
You know that the possibility exists , so why gamble with your family ?
And then , as if being away from your family was n’t bad enough on you and them , some soldiers come home with such physical and / or mental problems that they are unable to return to civilian life .
Debt , doctors , and divorce lawyers soon consume their finances .
Ninth , joining the military means that you may be put into a position where you will have to kill or be killed .
What guarantee do you have that you will be in a non -combat role ?
Can you in good conscience pull the trigger against any “ enemy ” that the U.S. government sends you thousands of miles away to kill ?
And finally , you would have problems even if you went into the military as a chaplain .
Taxpayer - supported chaplains have to serve two masters : God and the state .
Compromise is inevitable .
He that pays the piper calls the tune .
To become a chaplain in the U.S. military , one must obtain an ecclesiastical endorsement from an organization approved by the Pentagon as an Endorsing Ecclesiastical Organization .
According to the chaplain requirements , one of the things that the endorsement should certify is that a military chaplain should be “ sensitive to religious pluralism and able to provide for the free exercise of religion by all military personnel , their family members and civilians who work for the Army . ”
I know that you are a conservative Christian and are averse to compromising your religious convictions .
You will , however , be expected to do just that .
As a chaplain , you would be expected to ask God to bless the actions of U.S. troops even if they were fighting in an unjust war .
Can you in good conscience do this ?
Please remember that if you join the military , there is no getting out until your enlistment period is up .
I hope and pray that you do n’t make the mistake of joining .
In Christ Jesus our Savior ,
Laurence Vance
If any readers are veterans , consider themselves to be Christians , agree with the sentiments expressed in this letter , and would be willing to let me append their name , branch , and rank to any future use of this letter , please contact me .
The fact that you “ served ” and I did n’t might be what is needed to help persuade some young man ( or woman ) to not join the military .
The Best of Laurence M. Vance
On the off chance that you 've ever had a yearning to hear what Neanderthal music sounded like — assuming you 've even considered whether they made music — you should absolutely click here to hear a sample of jazz composer Simon Thorne ’s 75 - minute - long reimagining of Neanderthal music .
If you have the patience to listen to the nonsensical beginning , then you ’ll get a chance to enjoy the ancient - style chanting towards the end .
Thorne initially thought it would be impossible to imagine what Neanderthals listened to , but he took on the unusual project and did his best to create a song that would evoke sounds from a Neanderthal ’s life .
While the National Museum Wales commissioned the song to accompany an exhibit featuring Neanderthal tools and teeth , it might actually serve a bigger purpose in knocking down the misconception that Neanderthals were dumber than early Homo sapiens .
Thorne told the BBC , " Every culture has language and music , so we can probably assume that [ Neanderthals ] had some kind of music too . "
Later this year , the music will be performed live when four singers with stone instruments go on tour .
Can you say , " Rock on " ?
Related Content : 80 beats : Neanderthal DNA Tests Say They Rarely Interbred With Us DISCOVER : Who Killed the Neanderthals ?
DISCOVER : Interview with Anthropologist Robert Martin
Image : flickr / wallyg
Last week a story broke about a former Fannie Mae IT contractor accused of planting malicious code that would have taken down systems and destroyed data right at the epicenter of today ’s global financial crisis .
The accused former employee has since surfaced claiming innocence so I prefer not to go into that specific case but rather use it to consider the likelihood that similar crimes could take place in other companies .
Well of course the probability is 100 percent simply because similar crimes HAVE taken place in other companies .
It happens all the time at an annual cost of BILLIONS .
IT crimes go grossly under - reported because they are so embarrassing to their victims who convince themselves that saying something will only embolden the bad guys and lead to further losses .
In one sense this is true , but in another it creates a false sense of safety .
This is one area where we really SHOULD feel vulnerable yet most companies do n’t and have lax procedures as a result .
So just in case you are interested in this topic or have some influence in data security , here are my overkill ideas on how to lock things down .
It is doubtful that any company or agency would do all these things , but doing at least some of them makes good sense to me .
Many years ago good business practice was to put all critical systems on an internal , isolated network that did not have a path to the Internet .
This would prevent someone from the Internet accessing a bank ’s ATM network , or a chemical company ’s process control system , or a power utility , etc .
Recently I ’ve been amazed to find how many firms are not doing this anymore and worse , they do n’t understand why they should even try .
So here are my recommendations to avoid those nasty logic bombs .
Your mileage may vary .
1 ) Route admin access to all systems through a logging proxy server .
Each administrator must be authenticated by the proxy server and their access to systems logged .
Keep the logs and check them on a regular basis .
2 ) All admin personnel will be assigned two user IDs .
One will be a normal , non-privileged ID they will use for routine things like email and office applications .
The other ID will be privileged and include a special character , maybe a “ $ . ”
You ca n’t check your email or run a business application with this ID .
All admin access is done with the special ID .
Use of generic root or administrator accounts is not allowed after the system is set up and running .
3 ) Scripts are run on each server ( or domain ) to check user IDs .
All privileged IDs must have the special character and the right rules .
All non-privileged IDs must not have the special character .
Logs are checked for login by generic root or admin accounts .
All deviations from policy are flagged and investigated .
Scripts automatically disable all out - of - policy accounts .
4 ) After a system is set up , install a script to reset weekly the generic root or admin password .
No one is supposed to use this account and no one knows the password .
If you need access to the generic system ID , then run a tool that will tell the password of the week .
This is a logged event too .
5 ) All admin access to a system should be logged and recorded in the change control system .
If you fixed something or changed something , you need to note it by editing the record of your access ( you ca n’t delete the record , only add to it . ) .
On important systems run a trip - wire tool and post its report in change control too .
6 ) Privileged IDs must have their passwords changed at least once a month .
Longer password expirations are acceptable for non-privileged IDs .
There are password rules on content and length .
Manage all IDs with LDAP .
7 ) HR manages user IDs .
In the case of a departure or termination , the user ’s IDs are disabled .
The passwords are changed .
Their managers are given access to the IDs and new passwords .
All IDs are maintained in a database .
When each system is checked , the IDs on it are checked against the HR database .
Exceptions are flagged and investigated .
When someone leaves the company for any reason , reports are created showing all their system access and changes .
Now would these seven steps stop a determined and talented former employee or contractor ?
Nah .
And that ’s the part that ’s really distressing , because I am sure we have built into our IT overhead 5 - 10 percent simply to cover sabotage – a crime we otherwise try never to mention .
( CNN ) --
Thanks to dedicated people like Bob and Katherine Rude , many homeless animals in Maryland will have a warm home this winter .
Bob and Katherine Rude run an animal shelter out of their home in Harwood , Maryland .
The Maryland couple currently cares for 116 cats and six dogs at Rude Ranch Animal Rescue , which they run out of their home in Harwood .
" We take in a lot of abused and neglected animals ; animals that for whatever reason find themselves down on their luck , " Katherine said .
It all started a decade ago when the couple found a group of cats in an alley behind a restaurant .
They began working with other organizations to help place the cats , but quickly realized that they could do more .
See how 100 cats live in one house »
" The more we got involved , and the more we found out about the world of animal rescue , the more we found out there was a lot more need .
... We felt we could fill a void , " Katherine said .
A few years later , they bought a ranch house in Harwood and converted it into a shelter .
Eventually , Bob and Katherine left their government jobs to work at the shelter full time .
They now work seven days a week , morning through night , caring for their cats and dogs .
" Now we 're doing adoptions , we 're doing search and rescue , we 're helping people out with spay and neuters , and we 're helping out other animal controls with animals that they can't place , but think deserve a shot at a life , " Katherine said .
The Rudes originally planned on keeping the shelter on one floor , and living in the rest of the house .
But they quickly found that many of the cats required full - time care , so they expanded the shelter throughout their home .
" We still have a bedroom that 's sort of ours , but we share it with a bunch of special - needs animals .
We have anywhere from two or three dogs and 10 to 12 cats that share a bed with us , " Bob says .
The extra space has allowed the Rudes to take in cats that most shelters cannot .
Cats that require special attention or medical care -- those that have been abused or are suffering from feline immunodeficiency virus , for example -- all have a place at the ranch .
Katherine says this was one reason they started their own shelter .
" It was for ... the ones that maybe do n't have an alternative , do n't have somewhere else to go .
We figured they had as much of a chance at a life as someone else , " she said .
Working with the animals is incredibly rewarding , Bob says , but expanding the shelter has also increased the number of mouths to feed .
" For the evening meal , we go through about 25 cans of cat food .
For the whole day , we go through about 40 - 50 .
... We go through about 100 pounds of dry food a week for the cats , [ and ] 10,000 pounds of cat litter a year , " Bob said .
Even buying in bulk has n't helped the Rudes escape the financial woes that have begun to plague most business owners .
Katherine says that so far , they have been able to support themselves but are concerned about rising costs and falling donations .
At the same time , demand for the Rudes ' help is increasing .
Higher costs of food and supplies , as well as the foreclosure crisis , have affected people 's ability to care for their pets , Katherine says .
" [ Pet ] adoptions have pretty much dropped off the face of the earth right now , but people are calling more and more to turn animals in , " Bob said .
And as more people turn to them to care for their pets , the Rudes have no plans to change their tune .
Since 1997 , they have helped rescue or place more than 3,000 cats .
Katherine estimates that they have helped make 2,500 to 2,700 adoptions to families or individuals .
" They 're getting a home , they 're going to have individual people doting on them , and that 's what we want for all of the residents here , " Katherine says .
All About Pets
Rei Kawakubo's limited edition collection for H&M will be available in NYC starting Thursday , November 13th at 10 am sharp .
Only 8 stores total in the US are carrying the collection , 4 of which are in New York : 640 Fifth Avenue , 7th Avenue at 34th St. , Broadway at 34th Street , and Lexington Avenue at 59th Street ( across from Bloomingdale's ) .
Billabong does n’t really bring up images of sexy , big breasted , tight body bikini girls to my mind .
Usually the girls who rock this shit are either chubby in a tankini with the bike short bottoms or butchy action sports chicks who chug beer , have fart contests with their homies while playing video games like one of the guys , so I was n’t too surprised when I came across these Billabong Fashion show pictures , because despite not being too manly , these girls are pretty horse - like , I ’m talking they took them straight from the Heidi Montag family , and I am posting them cuz you ’d probably give anything to ride them into the sunset , cowboy .
Billabong Bikini Fashion
Show of the Day
Posted in : Bikini|Billabong |Fashion
Show
The German magazine Der Spiegel has obtained classified documents in which NATO top commander and US General John Craddock , a long time advocate of steering the international forces in Afghanistan toward fighting the drug export industry , issues a “ guidance ” advising NATO troops to use deadly force against those involved in the drug industry , even if there is no evidence that the person being killed is actually involved in the insurgency .
In what at the time seemed like an uncharacteristically harsh outburst , General Craddock lashed out at NATO allies in October for their reticence in approving military raids on the drug industry .
At this point little of what the general says about Afghanistan , particularly where it involves the drug trade surprises anyone : he seems intent on turning what President Obama is styling as a central front in the war on terror into part of an ill - conceived war on dirt - poor opium farmers in rural Afghanistan .
Indeed , when Gen. Craddock was pushing this plan in the first place the primary concern of those NATO members was that exactly something like this would happen : that engaging the drug trade at all would inevitably divert attention from fighting the insurgency and turn it toward killing random drug dealers and calling them legitimate military targets : alienating the civilian population and creating new enemies .
Even as President Obama looks to escalate the war by doubling the military ’s presence , the Taliban has taken over a growing portion of the nation and the international forces are struggling to hold them at bay .
It seems hard to imagine that these forces will have either the time or the inclination to launch a separate war on drugs in the midst of what is by most accounts an unmitigated disaster .
Killing of 30 people in Gaza when army shelled house full of evacuees ' has all hallmarks of war crime ' , says high commissioner for human rights
The Israeli military may have committed war crimes in Gaza , the UN 's most senior human rights official said tonight , as Israeli troops pressed on with their increasingly deadly offensive in defiance of a UN security council resolution demanding a ceasefire .
Navi Pillay , the UN high commissioner for human rights , singled out the killing this week of up to 30 Palestinians in Zeitoun , south - east of Gaza City , when Israel shelled a house where its troops had told about 110 civilians to take shelter .
Pillay , a former international criminal court judge from South Africa , told the BBC the incident " appears to have all the elements of war crimes " .
She called for " credible , independent and transparent " investigations into possible violations of humanitarian law .
The accusation came as Israel kept up its two - week - old air and ground offensive in Gaza and dismissed as " unworkable " the UN security council resolution calling for " an immediate , durable and fully respected ceasefire " .
Protests against the offensive were held across the world today as diplomacy to halt the conflict appeared to falter .
With the Palestinian casualty toll rising to around 780 dead and more than 3,100 injured , fresh evidence emerged today of the Zeitoun killings .
The UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ( OCHA ) , said in a report it was " one of the gravest incidents since the beginning of operations " against Hamas militants in Gaza by the Israeli military on 27 December .
OCHA said the incident took place on 4 January , a day after Israel began its ground offensive in Gaza .
According to testimonies gathered by the UN , Israeli soldiers evacuated about 110 Palestinians to a single - storey house in Zeitoun .
The evacuees were instructed to stay indoors for their safety but 24 hours later the Israeli army shelled the house .
About half the Palestinians sheltering in the house were children , OCHA said .
The report also complains that the Israeli Defence Force prevented medical teams from entering the area to evacuate the wounded .
The OCHA report does not accuse Israel of a deliberate act but calls for an investigation .
Responding to the report , an Israeli military spokeswoman , Avital Leibovich , told AFP news agency : " From initial checking , we do n't have knowledge of this incident .
We started an inquiry but we still do n't know about it . "
Among the dead were nine members of the Samouni family ; a picture of three of the family 's children in blood - stained clothing laid on a morgue floor and in front of their grieving father was shown in the Guardian on Tuesday .
The father , Wael Samouni , said dozens of people had been sheltering in the house after Israeli troops ordered them and neighbours to stay inside .
" Those who survived , and were able , walked two kilometres to Salah Ed Din road before being transported to the hospital in civilian vehicles , " the UN said .
Rescuers from the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) and the Palestinian Red Crescent Society said they were able to reach the area on Wednesday only after being allowed safe passage by Israel .
The ICRC issued a statement on the incident yesterday , accusing the Israeli military of " unacceptable " delays in allowing medics safe access to injured Gazans .
More than 40 Palestinians were killed in another incident on Tuesday after missiles exploded outside a UN school that had been sheltering hundreds of people in the Jabaliya refugee camp , despite the UN saying the school was clearly marked with a UN flag and its position reported to Israeli military .
More than 750 Palestinians have died since the start of the Israeli military operation .
More than half of Gaza 's population are children , and the Palestinian ministry of health said about 42 % of the casualties have been children .
Unicef said at least 100 children and minors were killed in the first 10 days of fighting .
The Palestinian Centre for Human Rights , which posts staff at hospitals to track casualties , put this number at more than 160 .
Abdel - Rahman Ghandour , the Jordan - based spokesman for Unicef in the Middle East and North Africa , said : " We are talking about urban war .
The density of the population is so high , it 's bound to hurt children …
This is a unique conflict , where there is nowhere to go . "
Israel has accused Hamas of using civilians as human shields and has said militants have fired rockets from rooftops of homes and mosques .
Mark Regev , an Israeli government spokesman , said : " Israel wants to see no harm to the children of Gaza .
On the contrary , we would like to see their children and our children grow up without the fear of violence .
Until now , Hamas has deliberately prevented that from becoming reality . "
Fighting in Gaza has continued despite yesterday 's UN security council resolution calling for an " immediate " and " durable " ceasefire and the full withdrawal of Israeli troops from Gaza .
The resolution was passed with 14 out of 15 members in support of the resolution .
The US abstained from the vote .
Possible pot charges against Olympian Phelps go up in smoke Stephen C. Webster and David Edwards
Published : Monday February 16 , 2009
Print This Email This The investigation into Olympian Michael Phelps ' bong rip has officially smoked out .
The most decorated Olympic athlete in history will not face criminal charges after being photographed with his lips to a water - pipe some believe to have contained marijuana .
The sheriff pursuing Phelps ' case , South Carolina officer Leon Lott , announced the investigation 's end Monday afternoon at a nationally - televised press conference .
After making eight arrests and promising to follow - up on possible legal penalties for Phelps , the sheriff concluded there was not enough evidence to pursue the swimmer any further , even as speculation on and criticism of the Richland County cop ran rampant .
" I think they should leave him the f--k alone , " writer and comedian Mario Cantone told New York Magazine .
" I think its appalling , I think that that sheriff is like that guy that Dom DeLuise played in The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas , you know , hes just not stopping and hes trying to arrest everybody . "
Luckily for Phelps , that 's not the case .
Since news broke of the eight individuals arrested and questioned about the November party at a house near the University of South Carolina where Phelps was photographed smoking from a bong , public reaction has been less supportive of Sheriff Leon Lott .
The arrests were made after the alleged owner of the bong reportedly tried to sell it for $ 100,000 on eBay .
Professional poker player Zachery " Carter " King , winner of the 2008 Poker Stars World Championship of Online Poker Main Event , was fingered as the owner .
In an Internet post he denied attempting to sell the smoking utensil , which is allegedly custom - made and worth over $ 500 .
Lotts decision to pursue a criminal investigation drew many questions of why he even bothered .
" I think the general consensus is that it is a waste of taxpayer money and resources if thats what hes focused on , " said Paul Blake , publisher of Columbias alternative weekly , the Columbia City Paper .
The publisher 's sentiment was echoed in a report by the Wall Street Journal on Monday as the paper pointed out the growing perception of " overkill " in pursuit of the Olympian .
" Joseph McCulloch , a lawyer for one of the eight , said the deputies ordered one home 's three occupants to the ground , seized computers , cellphones and cameras , and later questioned the three extensively about Mr. Phelps , " reported the Journal .
" Dick Harpootlian , who represents another of the arrested men , said deputies appeared to be interested primarily in gathering evidence against Mr. Phelps . "
Blake said Lotts investigation into Phelps could be part of a wider publicity effort to bring attention to himself .
" He is an elected official .
I know he might have aspirations to run for governor but I think basically from the people I m talking to that its backfiring , " Blake said , adding that it all comes down to perspective .
" I think he just thinks hes doing the right thing . "
At his news conference , Lott said the investigation was halted not by media pressure , but a lack of evidence .
" We had a photo , and we had him saying he was sorry for his inappropriate behavior , " the sheriff said .
" He never said , ' I smoked marijuana . '
He never confessed to that .
We did n't have physical evidence .
We did n't have enough where we could go arrest him . "
Phelps was dropped by sponsor Kellogg 's after the photo was published , sparking protests and boycotts of the snack - maker 's products .
" Once these cops track down that bong , they just might be able to prove that Michael Phelps smoked the marijuana which could bring up to a $ 200 fine , " wrote Hamilton Nolan at Gawker .
" So you see the necessity of the operation .
Cut the man some slack . "
Students for Sensible Drug Policy at Kent State University organized a boycott and letter - writing campaign to support Phelps and spread the message of marijuana legalization into the broader media .
" We do n't condone or condemn any type of drug use , " said Wallis , president of the Kent Drug Policy Alliance , in a report by student - run Kent News .
" We just feel the policies surrounding drug use are wrong and unfair . "
Yet , in spite of the persecution of a young man many legitimately see as a hero who made a mistake , the Phelps drama has sparked a national conversation on marijuana laws .
Increasingly , under the Obama administration , the New York Times sees many with " hope for a shift in drug policy . "
Much of this hope centers on President Obama 's promise to allow individual states to decide whether to allow terminally ill patients access to medical - grade cannabis .
But a new glimmer of " hope " presented itself with news that Obama had chosen Seattle , Washington Chief of Police Gil Kerlikowske to head the Office of National Drug Control Policy .
The anticipated selection of Chief Kerlikowske has given hope to those who want national drug policy to shift from an emphasis on arrest and prosecution to methods more like those employed in Seattle : intervention , treatment and a reduction of problems drug use can cause , a tactic known as harm reduction .
Chief Kerlikowske is not necessarily regarded as having forcefully led those efforts , but he has not gotten in the way of them .
" What gives me optimism is not so much him per se as the fact that hes been the police chief of Seattle , " said Ethan Nadelmann , executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance , in the Times report .
" And Seattle , King County and Washington State have really been at the forefront of harm reduction and other drug policy reform . "
To supporters of Phelps and marijuana law reform at - large , Obama 's selection of Kerlikowske is n't just a beacon of change because of his position on " harm reduction " policy reforms .
Under his guidance since becoming police chief in 2000 , Seattle officers have avoided making any marijuana arrests at Seattle 's famous yearly " Hempfest , " an outdoors celebration of cannabis culture that often sees copious quantities of the plant smoked in plain view of law enforcement .
" ... [ There 's ] one more thing [ Obama ] can do , " wrote Ethan Nadelmann in a December Wall Street Journal editorial marking the anniversary of the repeal of alcohol prohibition .
" Promote vigorous and informed debate in this domain as in all others .
The worst prohibition , after all , is a prohibition on thinking . "
This video is from MSNBC's News Live , broadcast Feb. 16 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
A prior version of this story said Phelps was photographed " smoking " out of a water - pipe .
HARARE , Zimbabwe , Jan. 23 ( UPI ) --
Zimbabwe 's central bank said the country should adopt the South African rand to use in conjunction with the near - valueless Zimbabwe dollar , reports said .
Reports of the bank 's admission that the Zimbabwean dollar has collapsed come from those who have seen a 105 - page recovery plan believed to be the work of Reserve Bank Gov. Gideon Gono , SW Radio reported Friday .
Advertisement
Movement for Democratic Change Shadow Secretary for Finance and Economics Tapiwa Mashakada said the move would create a consumer - driven economy that relied on imports , driving unemployment -- already at 85 percent -- even higher .
With the price of staples doubling every 24 hours , many stores already do not accept Zimbabwe 's currency , the report said .
Steve Hanke from the CATO Institute pegged the annual inflation rate at 6.5 quindecillion novemdecillion percent – meaning 65 followed by 107 zeros , the report said .
President Robert Mugabe is under pressure to pay government employees in foreign currency , the report said .
Some agencies that do business with the government , such as the Zimbabwe National Water Authority , are demanding payment in foreign currencies , the report said .
How about that China is the world 's biggest english - speaking nation ?
Or that India has more people with IQ's over 120 than the total population of the USA ?
Or that a home computer in 2049 will have more computing power than the total human species of 2008 ?
US gives green light for first commercial spaceport
The terminal and hangar facility for horizontal launches is planned for completion by late 2010 .
by Staff Writers
Washington ( AFP ) Dec 18 , 2008
The US Federal Aviation Administration has given the green light for the world 's first commercial spaceport , New Mexico authorities said Thursday .
The FAA granted Spaceport America a license for vertical and horizontal space launches following an environmental impact study , according to the New Mexico Space Authority ( NMSA ) .
" These two governmental approvals are the next steps along the road to a fully operational commercial spaceport , " said NMSA Executive Director Steven Landeene .
" We are on track to begin construction in the first quarter of 2009 , and have our facility completed as quickly as possible . "
The terminal and hangar facility for horizontal launches is planned for completion by late 2010 .
NMSA hopes to sign a lease agreement later this month with Virgin Galactic , a branch of Virgin Atlantic owned by British airline magnate Richard Branson .
The firm 's SpaceShipTwo passenger craft will be the main attraction at the site .
The system plans to take passengers approximately 100 kilometers ( 62 miles ) into the sky .
Virgin Galactic plans to welcome 500 passengers per year who will pay 200,000 dollars each for a suborbital flight lasting three to four minutes .
There have been several commercial launches from the site since April 2007 , with more launches planned .
Spaceport America has also been working closely with aerospace firms Lockheed Martin , Rocket Racing Inc. / Armadillo Aerospace , UP Aerospace , Microgravity Enterprises and Payload Specialties .
The Russian federal space agency currently offers the only orbital space tourism flights aboard the Soyuz spacecraft , which allows passengers to visit the International Space Station ( ISS ) for several days at a cost of 20 million dollars .
[ / caption ]
“ Just like household dust , cosmic dust can be a nuisance , ” said astronomer Ryan Scranton of the University of California , Davis .
Scranton is part of a team of researchers from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey that have been analyzing the colors of distant quasars whose light passes in the vicinity of foreground galaxies on its way to the Earth .
What they found is that the vast expanses of intergalactic space appear to be filled with a haze of tiny , smoke - like “ dust ” particles that dim the light from distant objects and subtly change their colors .
“ Galaxies contain lots of dust , most of it formed in the outer regions of dying stars , ” said team leader Brice Ménard of the Canadian Institute for Theoretical Astrophysics .
“ The surprise is that we are seeing dust hundreds of thousands of light - years outside of the galaxies , in intergalactic space . ”
An implication of this finding means that since most distant supernovae are seen through some haze , our current estimates of their distances may be affected .
Dust grains block blue light more effectively than red light .
“ We see this when the sun sets : light rays pass through a thicker layer of the atmosphere , ” said Scranton , “ absorbing more and more blue light , causing the sun to appear reddened .
We find similar reddening of quasars from intergalactic dust , and this reddening extends up to ten times beyond the apparent edges of the galaxies themselves . ”
The team analyzed the colors of about 100,000 distant quasars located behind 20 million galaxies , using images from SDSS - II .
“ Putting together and analyzing this huge dataset required cutting - edge ideas from computer science and statistics , ” said team member Gordon Richards of Drexel University .
“ Averaging over so many objects allowed us to measure an effect that is much too small to see in any individual quasar . ”
Supernova explosions and “ winds ” from massive stars drive gas out of some galaxies , Ménard explained , and this gas may carry dust with it .
Alternatively , the dust may be pushed directly by starlight .
“ Our findings now provide a reference point for theoretical studies , ” said Ménard .
Intergalactic dust could also affect planned cosmological experiments that use supernovae to investigate the nature of “ dark energy , ” a mysterious cosmic component responsible for the acceleration of the expansion of the universe .
Intergalactic dust does n’t remove the need for dark energy to explain current supernova data , Ménard explained , but it may complicate the interpretation of future high - precision distance measurements .
“ These experiments are very ambitious in their goals , ” said Ménard , “ and subtle effects matter . ”
The new findings are reported in a paper titled “ Measuring the galaxy - mass and galaxy - dust correlations through magnification and reddening , ” submitted to the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society , and posted today on the web site arXiv.org .
Source : Sloan Digital Sky Survey
Intel has announced that it has filed suit against NVIDIA over whether or not the GPU and chipset designer has the rights to build solutions for Nehalem - based CPUs .
According to Intel , the current agreement between the two companies only covers processors that do not contain an integrated memory controller .
The argument between the two companies centers on whether or not NVIDIA has the right to produce chipsets for Nehalem - class microprocessors .
Intel has requested summary judgement in a filing with the Court of Chancery in the state of Delaware and issued a statement saying , " Intel has filed suit against Nvidia seeking a declaratory judgment over rights associated with two agreements between the companies .
The suit seeks to have the court declare that Nvidia is not licensed to produce chipsets that are compatible with any Intel processor that has integrated memory controller functionality , such as Intel ’s Nehalem microprocessors and that Nvidia has breached the agreement with Intel by falsely claiming that it is licensed .
Intel has been in discussions with Nvidia for more than a year attempting to resolve the matter but unfortunately , we were unsuccessful .
As a result Intel is asking the court to resolve this dispute . "
[ Emphasis added . ]
I emphasized the bit about integrated memory controller technology because it seems an odd point for Intel to stand on .
When Intel took VIA to court over similar licensing issues ten years ago , the company claimed that the Pentium 4 bus was a proprietary , Intel - developed technology that VIA had infringed upon and refused to license appropriately .
The modern equivalent , as far as I can tell , would be for Intel to claim NVIDIA has no license to produce motherboards utilizing Intel 's QuickPath Interconnect ( QPI ) .
It may be that Intel is essentially alleging this and simply chose to word the claim differently , but if NVIDIA is n't infringing upon QPI , what 's the actual point of infringement — the CPU socket ?
Based on what we know thus far , it 's not clear .
NVIDIA spokesperson Ujesh Desai told Bit -Tech that NVIDIA will defend itself , and it has been working with Intel for over a year to reach an amicable solution to the licensing issue .
However , at the core of the issue , NVIDIA feels that its license agreement does allow it to build chipsets for Nehalem and future Intel processors that feature an integrated memory controller .
Desai goes on to say that NVIDIA will not change its future roadmap and will continue to work on the development of chipsets for the Intel processors in question .
This potential litigation will not affect any of the company 's shipping products and should not delay Ion 's trip to market later this year .
NVIDIA can bang its drum all it likes , but the company is making a tremendous mistake if it ignores what happened to the last company to cross Intel on the subject of chipset licensing .
NVIDIA has issued an official statement on the Intel suit saying in part , " NVIDIA responded to a court filing in which Intel alleged that the four - year - old chipset license agreement the companies signed does not extend to Intel ’s future generation CPUs with ' integrated ' memory controllers , such as Nehalem .
The filing does not impact NVIDIA chipsets that are currently being shipped .
Intel is trying to delay the inevitable value shift from the CPU to the GPU .
NVIDIA believes that our bus license with Intel clearly enables us to build chipsets for Intel CPUs with integrated memory controllers .
We are aggressively developing new products for Intel ’s current front side bus ( MCP79 and MCP89 ) and for Intel ’s future bus , DMI . "
The world 's largest GPU maker states that the suit is a clear attempt by Intel to slow the adoption of NVIDIA platforms to protect a decaying CPU business as evidenced by the rapid shift of the market to Intel 's lowest priced processor , the Intel Atom .
NVIDIA can bang its drum all it likes , but the company is making a tremendous mistake if it ignores what happened to the last company to cross Intel on the subject of chipset licensing .
As I previously mentioned , erstwhile chipset designer VIA Technologies once took such a tack and lost , badly .
In 2000 and 2001 , VIA claimed it did not need a bus license to build P4 - compatible motherboards .
At the time , the Taiwanese company was a very real force in the chipset industry ; the Apollo Pro 133 ( and its related brethren ) had stolen a wide swath of the Pentium 3 market beginning in 1999 , the KX133 and KT133 chipsets had both been very successful platforms for the original K7 and its Thunderbird refresh , and the Apollo MVP3 / MVP4 series had become the dominant solutions for the still - sizable Socket 7 / Super Socket 7 market .
When Intel announced that all third - party chipset vendors would need to license the Pentium 4's bus technology , VIA arrogantly refused , and the rest is history ( along with the company 's entire motherboard business ) .
Whatever motherboard OEM support VIA thought it had based on dark alley deals and off - the - record conversations evaporated in the harsh light of day once Intel ramped up its legal pressure ; cutting - edge VIA P4 DDR motherboards vanished off store shelves faster than a $ 49 Wii special at your local Wal - Mart .
If Intel and NVIDIA can't reach an amicable solution , the smaller chipset vendor could find itself unable to provide a full range of solutions for Apple products .
To date , all of the new Apple portables unveiled since the initial design win announcement back in October have been powered by NVIDIA chipsets and GPUs .
That 's a feather NVIDIA wo n't want to lose , particularly given the company 's weak financial performance and dour outlook for calendar year 2009 .
He wondered " what could possibly go wrong " but now admits it was " one of the worst decisions of my life " and he wakes up crying in his hospital bed fearing his penis has permanent damage .
" They can cost up to [ euro ] 33,500 , or even [ euro ] 44,700 , and often the man ends up with a penis that is disfigured , and there is no more than a 20 % satisfaction rate . "
He also wanted to rule out other possibilities , including that penis length was based on whether crabs were land or sea- based , or correlated with their overall body size .
The victim was in " agonizing pain " after his penis was chopped off and disposed of in a laundry basket .
Most say they can't even see the resemblance to a penis - with many joking it was in the wrong area .
Since the patient indicated in his question that he had ' a problem ' with the geometry of his Penis , I knew that his condition was not a normal one .
In a separate study , published in the book Jockocracy : Queering Masculinity and Sport , athletes gave interviews detailing their experiences of comparing their own penis sizes to those of other athletes while in the locker room .
The study found that men with Peyronie 's disease were 43 percent more likely to be struck down with stomach cancer , 39 percent more likely to develop testicular cancer and 19 percent more likely to get skin cancer ( melanoma ) , compared to men with no penis complaints .
Mark Betita , 33 , was about to sleep inside his room in Carles town , Iloilo , when his wife , Liezel , cut off his penis using a pair of scissors at 10:30 p.m .
Lichen sclerosus is known to be associated with buried penis , in both children [ 9 ] and adults [ 10 ] .
Doctors and advocates who work with wounded soldiers note that the loss of the penis is one of the most emotionally traumatic injuries because it affects a sense of identity and manhood , especially for men hoping to become fathers .
TV auteur Joss Whedon plays with the ultimate blank slate in his new sci-fi series Dollhouse .
The show from the creator of Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Firefly revolves around a mysterious organization that erases the memories of men and women — so - called Actives — and imprints them with a different personality for each " engagement . "
Programmed with somebody else 's expertise , the Actives render exotic services for weird clients , then forget all about the mission once they return to their spa-like headquarters .
The catchy premise of the show , which premieres Friday on Fox , gives Whedon a nearly endless canvas for exploring sex , murder and other complicated ares of human existence .
Whedon has built his daring Dollhouse around Eliza Dushku ( pictured right , with Whedon ) , who stars as Echo , the lead Active .
Dushku , an executive producer on the show , played Faith in Whedon 's Buffy series , and here she assumes one fresh identity after another .
Echo's memories of previous engagements have been " wiped " — although not entirely .
Whedon and his ever - shifting star spoke to reporters about sex , multiple personalities , brainwashing , crossbow hunting and the roller coaster ride they 've got planned for Echo and her fellow Dolls over the next 13 weeks .
Dushku , Sex Object ? :
Fox promo site Echo Chamber shows Dushku posing nude with the tag line , " Get to know Echo intimately . "
The photos , and the show 's undeniable parallels to the prostitution trade , raised some executive eyebrows during development .
But Whedon tackles the sexuality issue head - on .
" I saw the [ Echo Chamber ] photo shoot and I do support it , " he said ,
" mostly because Eliza was very comfortable with it and very pleased with the photos .
She 's very comfortable with her body ....
Those photos bring up what is ultimately the touchiest issue of this show , which is :
Are we actually making a comment about the way people use each other that is useful and interesting and textured , or are we just putting
Eliza in a series of hot outfits and paying lip service to the idea of asking those questions ? "
Control Freaks :
" One of the main themes [ of Dollhouse ] is that objectification hurts , whichever side you 're on , " Dushku said .
" When you put so much control in certain people 's hands in terms of what people want and need and desire versus what they think they want and need and desire , they may be surprised at this sort of Frankenstein story . "
Development Hell : Dollhouse went through some very public birth pains , with Whedon reshooting the pilot and fans campaigning to save the show before it even hit the airwaves .
" The original pilot explained everything that happened , " Whedon said , " but came at it very sideways and [ the network ] said , ' Let the audience see an engagement so that they understand that every week she 's going to go to a different place and be a different person . ' "
The Joy of Multiple Personalities : Dushku says she enjoys playing the ever - changing Echo , a role that gives her the chance to stake out a new set of character traits every week .
" On the one hand it 's awesome and exhilarating to be the sexy assassin , " she said , " but at the same time I 've been surprised time and again how much I also really enjoyed playing this blind cultist .
That was a particularly special episode , as was having the personality of a 50 - something - year - old woman in my own body . "
Crossbow Hunt in Episode 2 : " Outrageous is always good , " Whedon said .
" That episode was meant originally to be around Episode 5 , or possibly even 8 , and it was the network who said , ' Excuse me , did you say bow - hunting ?
That will come second please . ' "
Laughs Will Come After Humor - Free Premiere : Dollhouse expands as the season unfolds , Whedon promises , giving him the chance to flex his funny muscle .
" Dollhouse does not have the inherent silliness that both Buffy and Firefly had , and even Angel , where part of the fun came in taking one step back and deconstructing the genre we were in , " he said .
" Dollhouse has to be a little bit more grounded or it would become campy , but humor is a part of the show because we have really funny actors and these situations do become absurd . "
Secrets of " Seven Pilots " :
At the network 's request , Whedon crafted Dollhouse as a series of free - standing episodes .
" We refer to the first seven episodes as the ' Seven Pilots , ' " Whedon said .
" The first five are individual engagements where the premise and the characters and the relationships are made clear .
Nowhere do you have giant pieces of information missing where you have to sit through a three - minute ' Previously on ...' in order to get to the show . "
Identity Crisis : " I 'm very interested in concepts of identity , " Whedon said .
" What is our own , what is socialized , can people actually change , what do we expect from each other , how much do we use each other and manipulate each other , and what would we do if we had this kind of power over each other ?
In our increasingly virtual world , self - definition has become a very amorphous concept . "
Female Show - Runners : Whedon hired Liz Craft and Sarah Fain to supervise Dollhouse .
" It was important that the show - runners be female because the subject matter is intense and delicate , " Whedon said .
" Liz and Sarah are aware of that without being a slave to it .
They are so solid and sensible and good at the day - to - day show - running that you forget how good they are with a script until they turn one in and you go , ' That 's right , you guys are really funny and very twisted . '
They take all of their weirdness out on the script and not out on me or the people they work with .
That 's what you look for in a show - runner . "
Dushku , the Muse : " Eliza Dushku has a genuinely powerful electric and luminous quality that I 've rarely seen , " Whedon said .
" She 's also a really solid person .
She 's a feminist .
She 's an activist .
She 's interested in the people around her .
She has a lot of different things going on , and I 've watched her over the years , as a friend , try to take control of her career .
Being part of that progression is , for me , one of the greatest benefits of this show . "
Actives as Empty Vessels : " The [ Actives ] are supposed to be empty vessels , " Whedon said .
" The constant struggle with that is Echo is evolving in a way that they have not imprinted her to do . "
The Big Theme : " I 've been fascinated by the idea of avatars and the idea of fantasy and the little insular world that we 've been able to create for ourselves with our computers and with our extraordinarily specific medications , " Whedon said .
" It 's a fairly new means to ask very old questions about what I can point to and say , ' This is me ' and what has been imposed upon me , and who the hell am I , and why are n't I prettier ? "
This Grindhouse *- style trailer from Fox promotes * Dollhouse as a Friday night follow - up to Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles .
Setting Up a Mythology :
The original pilot included more back story .
That material will now surface in bits and pieces , according to Whedon .
" We 're definitely laying in some threads , " he said , " but we took some of the things we were going to hold for a few years and said , ' Hey , let 's just hit them in the head with a frying pan , because that will keep them excited . '
It 's not like we lack for places to go . "
The Limits of Technology : " What you can accomplish and what you can destroy with this technology is something that we 're going to be asking increasingly towards the end of the season , " Whedon said .
" As Echo 's friendships are formed , we 'll spend more time with the other dolls .
I can't really go into specifics , but we pretty much get to start putting everybody through the wringer long about halfway through .
It starts to get complicated for all of them . "
To Be Continued ? : Production wrapped a few days ago on the first 13 Dollhouse episodes ordered by Fox .
Will there be more to follow ?
" It 's crazy because it 's been such a hustle , " Dushku said .
" Yet I 'm already thinking up ideas for the next 13 episodes and dying to get back in the writer 's room and tell more stories .
Given the opportunity , we 're going to be exploring every element of human desire . "
Dollhouse debuts Friday at 9 p.m. EST on Fox .
Photos courtesy Fox .
See also :
Leafs GM Brian Burke Joins The Twitter Craze !
Total Pro Sports – First it was Shaquille O’Neal , then teammate Steve Nash , Lance Armstrong , Alex Ovechkin and now Brian Burke the Toronto Maple Leafs General Manager has joined the Twitter craze .
From celebrities to students , Twitter is gaining recognition for a place where everyone can voice their opinion and promote articles from their blogs .
We also have own Total Pro Sports Twitter page , so be sure to follow us for updates .
“ Twitter is a service for friends , family , and co–workers to communicate and stay connected through the exchange of quick , frequent answers to one simple question :
What are you doing ?
Twitter has grown into a real - time short messaging service that works over multiple networks and devices .
Users can follow ”
Tonight former Maple Leafs Mats Sundin and the Vancouver Canucks were in town .
We could n’t wait to check Brian Burke ’s Twitter page for updates .
Trust me he is as brutally honest on Twitter as he is in interviews .
This is some of the things he had to say today ,
Feb 20 , 11:38 am , Ca n’t believe how Vancouver fans have embraced Mats Sundin .
As if Toronto fans would ever welcome some ex-Canuck reject as their saviour .
Feb 20 , 4:11 pm , @ BryanMurray :
Next time you want to trade a first round pick for a bag of crap , give me a call .
I have several bags available .
Feb 20 , 7:00 pm , Just saw Sundin at the Toronto airport , waiting in line for the shuttle bus .
Guess he does n’t believe in rentals .
Feb 21 , 2:00 pm , Just ran into Kyle Wellwood arriving at the ACC .
He seemed kind of depressed .
Told him to keep his chins up .
Feb 21 , 8:00 pm
They ’re not booing .
They ’re saying “ October through Juuuuuuuuuunnne ” .
The best Twitter came on February 1st ,
After the game , the Pens called and offered Crosby and Malkin for Schenn .
Told them to call back when they were willing to offer fair value .
It seems a little weird that Brian Burke would publish some of these thoughts open for the world to see , but then again you are talking about Brian Burke so anything is expected .
Share This
United Company Rusal , the aluminium giant in effect controlled by Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska , has called in the London office of investment bank Rothschild to restructure its $ 14bn ( £ 9.5 bn ) debt burden .
Mr Deripaska made headline news last year after shadow Chancellor George Osborne was accused of soliciting a £ 50,000 donation from him , in a way that could have breached parliamentary guidelines .
Nathaniel Rothschild , who was caught in the middle of the affair , is the son of Jacob , who split from the bank that his family founded , after a row in the 1980s .
A senior mining banker said : " There is some speculation that there are some covenant problems at Rusal .
Rothschild was hired around the Christmas holiday period . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Rusal is part of a plan put by Russian tycoons to the Kremlin to consolidate three mining giants to create a national champion .
According to reports on Friday , Rusal would be merged with Norilsk Nickel – in which it already owns a stake of over 25 per cent – and iron ore group OAO Metallo - invest .
The group would have a combined turnover of more than $ 40bn .
Mr Deripaska spent a year attempting a hostile merger with Norilsk , but the companies agreed a truce in November .
The oligarch had to be bailed out by the Russian state with a $ 4.5 bn loan to pay off debts related to Rusal .
A spokesman for Rusal declined to comment .
In other mining news , Rio Tinto chairman Paul Skinner is to stand down next month , to be replaced by Tata Steel 's deputy chairman , Jim Leng .
Mr Skinner is expected to become the chairman at oil giant BP .
Rio Tinto was subject to a $ 135 bn bid from rival BHP Billiton last year .
It would have been the second - biggest takeover in corporate history , but failed because of the market turmoil .
Miley Cyrus Photo Angers Asian Group for Being Racist
Anotherphoto scandal is brewing .
The latest picture has many calling the 16 - year - old Hannah Montana star racist
The photo shows Miley and a group of friends pulling back the corners of their eyes to mock the slanted eyes of people of Asian descent .
The OCA , an Asian - American advocacy group , issued a statement saying , " The photograph of Miley Cyrus and other individuals slanting their eyes currently circulating the Internet is offensive to the Asian Pacific American community and sets a terrible example for her many young fans .
This image falls within a long and unfortunate history of people mocking and denigrating individuals of Asian descent . "
" Not only has Miley Cyrus and the other individuals in the photograph encouraged and legitimized the taunting and mocking of people of Asian descent , she has also insulted her many Asian Pacific American fans , " said George Wu , executive director of OCA .
" The inclusion of an Asian Pacific American individual in the photo does not make it acceptable . "
The group has requested an apology from Cyrus for the offensive gesture .
This is the latest in a long line of photo scandals for the pop star .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
February 21st , 2009
Dennis Kucinich is trying to determine which federal agency told the SEC to stand down with regard to Allen Stanford in 2006 .
Which agency ?
Well , last Tuesday ( 17 February 2009 ) , Allen Stanford was unable to charter a private jet to take him from Houston to Antigua .
Then , of all the places he could have gone , where did he turn up two days later ?
Virginia .
With an unidentified woman .
At a private residence .
With the FBI waiting for him at that private residence .
Some guesses :
Maybe he had to come in from the cold to get instructions on how this was going to play out .
He wants to stay alive .
He wants his family to stay alive .
Obviously , he ’s not going to talk on the phone .
So he drives , and drives and winds up in Virginia .
Sure , it could be a Coincidence that Virginia just happens to be the home of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency …
But why Virginia , of all places ?
To meet the CIA case officer who has been tasking him ?
Who was the unidentified woman in the car ?
Is she his handler ?
I doubt that his handler would show up for a meeting with the J Edgars , but who knows what arrangements were made ?
Where is Allen Stanford right now ?
“ … A day later Stanford was nowhere to be seen in the historic Virginia town . ”
Questions , questions .
This has to get rolled up .
This has to go away .
UPDATE : The Woman ’s Name is Andrea Stoelker , She ’s Stanford ’s Girlfriend
This is just too much :
Texas billionaire Allen Stanford was nowhere to be seen on Friday in this historic Virginia town , site of a fierce battle in the American Civil War and reputed through local lore to be haunted .
…
According to a local tour operator , Fredericksburg has a reputation as “ one of the most haunted locales in the United States . ”
“ With a long history dating back to preColonial times , and a legacy of slavery and war , it is no wonder that so many unhappy phantoms wander the streets , ” the tour operator says in promotional material .
I guess it ’s fair to say that Fredericksburg is a pretty spooky place !
* wink *
Via : Bloomberg :
Two days after being accused of massive fraud , billionaire R. Allen Stanford surfaced in a Virginia community about 50 miles south of Washington .
Federal Bureau of Investigation agents were waiting yesterday at a residence in the Fredericksburg area when Stanford ’s car pulled up , according to a person familiar with what transpired .
The FBI then served him court papers .
He was described as cooperative and cordial .
Stanford , 58 , accused by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission this week of running a “ massive , ongoing fraud , ” was served with papers related to an SEC civil filing against him and the Stanford Financial Group .
Stanford , whose whereabouts were unknown to the SEC earlier in the week , was found with an unidentified woman .
Paying attention is n't a simple act of self - discipline , but a cognitive ability with deep neurobiological roots — and this complex faculty , says Maggie Jackson , is being woefully undermined by how we 're living .
In Distracted : The Erosion of Attention and the Coming Dark
Age , Jackson explores the effects of " our high - speed , overloaded , split - focus and even cybercentric society " on attention .
It 's not a pretty picture : a never - ending stream of phone calls , e-mails , instant messages , text messages and tweets is part of an institutionalized culture of interruption , and makes it hard to concentrate and think creatively .
Of course , every modern age is troubled by its new technologies .
" The telegraph might have done just as much to the psyche [ of ]
Victorians as the Blackberry does to us , " said Jackson .
" But at the same time , that does n't mean that nothing has changed .
The question is , how do we confront our own challenges ? "
Wired.com talked to Jackson about attention and its loss .
Wired.com :
Is there an actual scientific basis of attention ?
Maggie Jackson :
In the last 30 or 40 years , scientists have made inroads into understanding its underlying mechanisms and physiology .
Attention is now considered an organ system .
It has its own circuitry in the brain , and there are specialized networks carrying out its different forms .
Each is very specific and can be traced through neuroimaging and even some genetic research .
While there is still debate among attention scientists , most now conclude that there are three types of attention .
The first is orienting — the flashlight of your mind .
In the case of visual attention , it involves parts of the brain including the parietal lobe , a brain area related to sensory processing .
To orient to new stimuli , two parts of the parietal lobe work with brain sections related to frontal eye fields .
This is what develops in an infants ' brain , allowing them to focus on something new in their environment .
The second type of attention spans the spectrum of response states , from sleepiness to complete alertness .
The third type is executive attention : planning , judgment , resolving conflicting information .
The heart of this is the anterior cingulate — an ancient , tiny part of the brain that is now at the heart of our higher - order skills .
It 's executive attention that lets us move us beyond our impulsive selves , to plan for the future and understand abstraction .
We are programmed to be interrupted .
We get an adrenalin jolt when orienting to new stimuli :
Our body actually rewards us for paying attention to the new .
So in this very fast - paced world , it 's easy and tempting to always react to the new thing .
But when we live in a reactive way , we minimize our capacity to pursue goals .
Wired.com :
What does it mean to be distracted ?
Jackson : Literally , it means to be pulled away to something secondary .
There 's also an a interesting , archaic definition that fell out of favor in the 18th century : being pulled to pieces , being scattered .
I think that 's a lovely term .
Our society right now is filled with lovely distractions — we have so much portable escapism and mediated fantasy — but that 's just one issue .
The other is interruption — multitasking , the fragmentation of thought and time .
We 're living in highly interrupted ways .
Studies show that information workers now switch tasks an average of every three minutes throughout the day .
Of course that 's what we have to do to live in this complicated world .
Wired.com :
How do these interruptions affect us ?
Jackson :
This degree of interruption is correlated with stress and frustration and lowered creativity .
That makes sense .
When you 're scattered and diffuse , you 're less creative .
When your times of reflection are always punctured , it 's hard to go deeply into problem - solving , into relating , into thinking .
These are the problems of attention in our new world .
Gadgets and technologies give us extraordinary opportunities , the potential to connect and to learn .
At the same time , we 've created a culture , and are making choices , that undermine our powers of attention .
Wired.com : Has a direct link been measured between interruptions and neurophysiology ?
Jackson : Interruptions are correlated with stress , and a cascade of stress hormones accompany that state of being .
Stress , frustration and lowered creativity are pretty toxic .
And there are studies showing how the environment shapes brain development in kids .
But I can't say if attention fragmentation really rewires our brains .
When you sit at a desk for six hours multitasking like a maniac , are you actually rewiring parts of your attention networks ?
That 's difficult to say right now .
Wired.com :
Is establishing that link the next scientific step ?
Jackson :
It 's one priority for future research .
Right now , the field of attention science is especially concerned with attention development in children .
The networks develop at different paces .
Orienting is largely in place by kindergarten .
The executive network is largely in place by age 8 , but it develops until the mid-20s .
Understanding the sweet spots for helping kids develop attention is where the science is at .
Wired.com :
So adults are out of luck ?
Jackson :
We do know that people 's attention networks can be trained , though we 're not sure how long - lasting the gains are .
There are exercises and computer games designed to strengthen attention , sometimes by boosting short - term memory .
The only sort training going on now in the office world is meditation - based , and that 's being used more for stress rather than to boost attention , although it does do that .
In terms of mainstream research , there 's nothing I 'm aware of that 's being done to help the average adult , though there 's tremendous interest in what 's possible .
But there are ways to cut back on the multitasking and interruptions , shaping your own environment and work style so that you better use your attentional networks .
If you have a difficult problem or a conundrum to solve , you need to think about where you work best .
Right now , people hope they 'll be able to think or create or problem - solve in the midst of a noisy , cluttered environment .
Quiet is a starting point .
The other important thing is to discuss interruption as an environmental question and collective social issue .
In our country , stillness and reflection are not especially valued in the workplace .
The image of success is the frenetic multitasker who does n't have time and is constantly interrupted .
By striving towards this model of inattention , we 're doing ourselves a tremendous injustice .
Wired.com :
The subtitle of your book predicts a " coming dark age . "
Do you really believe this ?
Jackson : Dark ages are times of forgetting , when the advancements of the past are underutilized .
If we forget how to use our powers of deep focus , we 'll depend more on black - and - white thinking , on surface ideas , on surface relationships .
That breeds a tremendous potential for tyranny and misunderstanding .
The possibility of an attention - deficient future society is very sobering .
Image : Sebastian Fritzon / Flickr
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Parade Tickets Sell Out in Minutes
5,000 tickets for the bleacher seats for the inaugural parade went onsale at 1 p.m. Eastern Standard Time today and , according to reports , sold out within minutes .
Or less than a minute .
Here are some of the comments on our blog from those who tried to get tickets :
I just tried to get a parade ticket and it said no tickets found .
Posted by : wendykroy1 | January 9 , 2009 1:09 PM |
yeah and ticketmaster was sold out of parade tickets literally one minute after the on sale time .
ticketmaster is lousy - there 's always the ones who get to the ' front of the line ' when it comes to this stuff , then resell them on ticketmaster 's ticketnow.com site for astronomical prices .
Posted by : kasalexis | January 9 , 2009 1:12 PM
|
No luck on the parade tickets .
Posted by : wp11234 | January 9 , 2009 1:14 PM |
I got on the ticketmaster site at 12:30 ... kept refreshing until 1 pm ... I had placed my order for 4 tickets and typed in the two secret words within 20 seconds ... no luck ... all sold out ... what a joke .
Posted by : rparker543 | January 9 , 2009 1:28 PM |
I agree .
Ten minutes after parade tix went on sale there were people selling them on craiglist for hundreds of dollars .
It would have been nice for the PIC to figure out a way give people tickets who actually wanted to use them , and not try to make a buck .
Sigh .
Posted by : kels78 | January 9 , 2009 1:35 PM |
By David A Nakamura | January 9 , 2009 ; 2:23 PM
ET | Category : Parade , Tickets
Previous : Officials : Swearing - in Tickets to Congressional Offices on Monday | Next : Pop Quiz : Inauguration Math
Add Inauguration Watch to Your Site
Get This Widget >>
Stay on top of the latest from Inauguration Watch !
This easy - to - use widget is simple to add to your own Web site and will update every time there 's a new installment of Inauguration Watch .
Posted by : originalcutie | January 9 , 2009 2:32 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : BrentwoodGuy | January 9 , 2009 2:41 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : tiffany_white807 | January 9 , 2009 2:49 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : wp11234 | January 9 , 2009 2:50 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : mallard1 | January 9 , 2009 3:00 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : zaria25 | January 9 , 2009 3:05 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : JennX_ | January 9 , 2009 3:13 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : DCnative1983 | January 9 , 2009 3:22 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : ptindall23 | January 9 , 2009 3:25 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : hermanSF | January 9 , 2009 3:36 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : glmi15 | January 9 , 2009 3:40 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Persephone1 | January 9 , 2009 3:44 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : powell2 | January 9 , 2009 3:46 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : CaptainJohn2525 | January 9 , 2009 3:59 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : seanherman | January 9 , 2009 4:01 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : seanherman | January 9 , 2009 4:04 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : JennX_ | January 9 , 2009 4:06 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : taritac | January 9 , 2009 4:08 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : wp11234 | January 9 , 2009 4:11 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : DTW8 | January 9 , 2009 4:12 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : wp11234 | January 9 , 2009 4:15 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : dkp01 | January 9 , 2009 4:27 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : LuigiNWDC | January 9 , 2009 4:43 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Grace33 | January 9 , 2009 4:47 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : agent_squirrel | January 9 , 2009 5:07 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : Diannne721 | January 9 , 2009 5:35 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : mallard1 | January 9 , 2009 5:40 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : annwatt | January 9 , 2009 6:09 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : PaulCostello | January 9 , 2009 6:12 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : vwcat | January 9 , 2009 6:34 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : annwatt | January 9 , 2009 6:47 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Persephone1 | January 9 , 2009 6:55 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : isonprize | January 9 , 2009 7:03 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : cantrec | January 9 , 2009 7:46 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : HassanAliAl - Hadoodi | January 9 , 2009 9:41 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : wahoo2x | January 10 , 2009 12:01 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : JLilly1 | January 15 , 2009 6:59 PM
| Report abuse
The comments to this entry are closed .
Communities along the Murray River in South Australia are hoping water will begin to flow as freely as money following the passing of the Federal Government 's economic stimulus package .
Independent Senator Nick Xenophon secured $ 900 million for the Murray - Darling Basin in the $ 42 billion package in exchange for its passage through the Senate .
The chief executive officer of Coorong District Council , Tim Drew , says he has been arguing for more funding to revive the Murray River 's Lower Lakes region and welcomes today 's deal .
" What exactly that means for the Lower Lakes in the Coorong area where we are , we do n't exactly know at this stage , " Mr Drew said .
" But we 'll certainly be hopeful that there 'd be money for the buy - back of water .
" Whilst the deal negotiated today sounds promising , what we really need to see in the coming months is water actually flowing down the river to the Lower Lakes . "
Mr Drew says he is concerned by the little effect money allocated to the Murray - Darling has had to areas such as the Lower Lakes .
" Whilst it might seem that the money is flowing quite freely , I 'm not sure that they 'd say the same about the water coming down the river , " he said .
" It 's actually more of a trickle .
It 's really dried up over the last two years , so it 's not a great situation .
" But we 're hoping certainly that it 's now going to not quite be a flood .
We do n't want floods or bushfires or anything of that nature of course , but we'd hope we'd get a lot more water quickly . "
Mr Drew says he believes Senator Xenophon used his position appropriately during his stand - off with the Government and has acted in the national interest .
" From our point of view , we think it 's a good move , " he said .
" We think some of the money can be spent in relation to the Murray - Darling Basin that will help stimulate and revitalise local economies and our local economy in the Coorong .
" The Murray - Darling , with its wet sites throughout the whole Basin , including the Lower Lakes , are absolute icons in Australia and also internationally and we 're just letting them die on our watch .
I think we would all want to hang our heads in shame .
" I think he 's done entirely the right thing . "
The deal is also good news for the South Australian Murray Irrigators and its chairman , Tim Whetstone .
" It 's pretty evident that with the National Water Plan they 've had a lot of money sitting on the mantelpiece for a long time and done nothing with it , " Mr Whetstone said .
" We are seeing properties die , we are seeing communities on their knees at the moment , and to have [ Senator Xenophon ] stand up and give us some acknowledgment that that is happening , it is giving us an inclusion to know that there is someone out there who is really caring for us . "
Mr Whetstone says critics who believe Senator Xenophon has held the country to ransom for South Australia 's interests need to look at " the big picture " .
" We all need to eat food and we all need to have communities that are going to get through these tough times , and this is just part of the process of helping the Murray - Darling Basin , " he said .
" I think people are pretty near - sighted if they think that they are going to miss out on $ 950 , when all of a sudden their food bills could be going up by a couple of thousand dollars a year when we have to import all our food . "
Adpated from a report by The World Today 's Nance Haxton .
Daniel Tammet is the author of two books , Born on a Blue Day and Embracing the Wide Sky , which comes out this month .
He ’s also a linguist and holds the European record for reciting the first 22,514 decimal points of the mathematical constant Pi. Mind Matters editor Jonah Lehrer chats with Tammet about how his memory works , why the IQ test is overrated , and a possible explanation for extraordinary feats of creativity .
LEHRER : Your recent memoir , Born on a Blue Day , documented your life as an autistic savant .
You describe , for example , how you are able to quickly learn new languages , and remember scenes from years earlier in cinematic detail .
Are you ever surprised by your own abilities ?
TAMMET : I have always thought of abstract information — numbers for example — in visual , dynamic form .
Numbers assume complex , multi- dimensional shapes in my head that I manipulate to form the solution to sums , or compare when determining whether they are prime or not .
For languages , I do something similar in terms of thinking of words as belonging to clusters of meaning so that each piece of vocabulary makes sense according to its place in my mental architecture for that language .
In this way I can easily discern relationships between words , which helps me to remember them .
In my mind , numbers and words are far more than squiggles of ink on a page .
They have form , color , texture and so on .
They come alive to me , which is why as a young child I thought of them as my “ friends . ”
I think this is why my memory is very deep , because the information is not static .
I say in my book that I do not crunch numbers ( like a computer ) .
Rather , I dance with them .
None of this is particularly surprising for me .
I have always thought in this way so it seems entirely natural .
What I do find surprising is that other people do not think in the same way .
I find it hard to imagine a world where numbers and words are not how I experience them !
LEHRER : In Embracing the Wide Sky you criticize the IQ test as a vast oversimplification of intelligence .
You write : " There is no such thing as proofs of intelligence , only intelligence . "
Could you explain what you mean by that ?
TAMMET : When I was a child , my behavior was far from being what most people would label “ intelligent . ”
It was often limited , repetitive and anti-social .
I could not do many of the things that most people take for granted , such as looking someone in the eye or deciphering a person ’s body language , and only acquired these skills with much effort over time .
I also struggled to learn many of the techniques for spelling or doing sums taught in class because they did not match my own style of thinking .
I know from my own experience that there is much more to “ intelligence ” than an IQ number .
In fact , I hesitate to believe that any system could really reflect the complexity and uniqueness of one person ’s mind , or meaningfully describe the nature of his or her potential .
The bell curve distribution for IQ scores tells us that two thirds of the world ’s population have an IQ somewhere between 85 and 115 .
This means that some four and a half billion people around the globe share just 31 numerical values ( “ He ’s a 94 , ” “ You ’re a 110 , ” ” I ’m a 103 ” ) , equivalent to 150 million people worldwide sharing the same IQ score .
This sounds a lot to me like astrology , which lumps everyone into one of twelve signs of the zodiac .
Even if we cannot measure and assign precise values to it in any “ scientific ” way , I do very much think that “ intelligence ” exists and that it varies in the actions of each person .
The concept is a useful and important one , for scientists and educators alike .
My objection is to thinking that any ‘ test ’ of a person ’s intelligence is up to the task .
Rather we should focus on ensuring that the fundamentals ( literacy , etc. ) are well taught , and that each child ’s diverse talents are encouraged and nourished .
LEHRER : You also describe some recent scientific studies on what happens inside the brain when we learn a second language .
Do you think this recent research should change the way we teach languages ?
TAMMET : Thanks to the advances in modern scanning technology we know more today than ever before just how what ’s happening inside the brain when we ’re learning a language .
That we can speak at all is nothing less than an astonishing cognitive achievement .
Learning a second language , particularly when that language is not one that the person has to use on a regular basis , is an extremely difficult task .
I think it is a mistake to underestimate the challenges of it .
Students should be aware that the difficulties they will face are inherent in what they are doing , and not any failing on their part .
One of the most interesting scientific discoveries about how language works ( and how it could be taught ) is “ phonaesthesia ” — that certain sounds have a meaningful relationship to the things they describe .
For example , in many languages the vowel sound “ i ” is associated with smallness — little , tiny , petit , niño , and so on — whereas the sound “ a ” or “ o ” is associated with largeness — grand , gross , gordo , etc .
Such links have been found in many of the world ’s languages .
These findings strongly imply that learners would benefit from learning to draw on their own natural intuitions to help them understand and remember many of the foreign words that they come across .
Another finding , by cognitive psychologists Lera Boroditsky , Lauren A. Schmidt , and Webb Phillips , might also offer a useful insight into an important part of learning a second language .
The researchers asked German and Spanish native speakers to think of adjectives to describe a range of objects , such as a key .
The German speakers , for whom the word “ key ” is masculine , gave adjectives such as “ hard , ” “ heavy , ” “ jagged , ” and “ metal , ” whereas the Spanish speakers , for whom “ key ” is feminine , gave responses like : “ golden , ” “ little , ” ” lovely ” and “ shiny . ”
This result suggests that native speakers of languages that have gendered nouns remember the different categorization for each by attending to differing characteristics , depending on whether the noun is “ male ” or ” female . ”
It is plausible that second - language learners could learn to perceive various nouns in a similar way to help them remember the correct gender .
Regardless of how exactly a person learns a second language , we do know for sure that it is very good for your brain .
There is good evidence that language learning helps individuals to abstract information , focus attention , and may even help ward off age - related declines in mental performance .
LEHRER : You advocate a theory of creativity defined by a cognitive property you call " hyper- connectivity . "
Could you explain ?
TAMMET : I am unusually creative — from visualizing numerical landscapes composed of random strings of digits to the invention of my own words and concepts in numerous languages .
Where does this creativity come from ?
My brain has developed a little differently from most other people ’s .
Aside from my high - functioning autism , I also suffered from epileptic seizures as a young child .
In my book , I propose a link between my brain ’s functioning and my creative abilities based on the property of ‘ hyper- connectivity ’ .
In most people , the brain ’s major functions are performed separately and not allowed to interfere with one another .
Scientists have found that in some brain disorders however , including autism and epilepsy , cross-communication can occur between normally distinct brain regions .
My theory is that rare forms of creative imagination are the result of an extraordinary convergence of normally disconnected thoughts , memories , feelings and ideas .
Indeed , such “ hyper- connectivity ” within the brain may well lie at the heart of all forms of exceptional creativity .
LEHRER : How were you able to recite from memory the first 22,514 numbers of Pi ?
And do you have advice for people looking to improve their own memory ?
TAMMET : As I have already mentioned , numbers to me have their own shapes , colors and textures .
Various studies have long demonstrated that being able to visualize information makes it easier to remember .
In addition , my number shapes are semantically meaningful , which is to say that I am able to visualize their relationship to other numbers .
A simple example would be the number 37 , which is lumpy like oatmeal , and 111 which is similarly lumpy but also round like the number three ( being 37 x 3 ) .
Where you might see an endless string of random digits when looking at the decimals of Pi , my mind is able to “ chunk ” groups of these numbers spontaneously into meaningful visual images that constitute their own hierarchy of associations .
Using your imagination is one very good way to improve your own memory .
For example , actors who have to remember hundreds or even thousands of lines of a script do so by actively analysing them and imagining the motivations and goals of their characters .
Many also imagine having to explain the meaning of their lines to another person , which has been shown to significantly improve their subsequent recall .
Here is another tip from my book .
Researchers have found that you are more likely to remember something if the place or situation in which you are trying to recall the information bears some resemblance — color or smell , for example — to where you originally learned it .
A greater awareness therefore of the context in which we acquire a particular piece of information can help improve our ability to remember it later on .
Are you a scientist ?
Have you recently read a peer - reviewed paper that you want to write about ?
Then contact Mind Matters editor Jonah Lehrer , the science writer behind the blog The Frontal Cortex and the book Proust Was a Neuroscientist .
His next book , How We Decide , will be available in February 2009 .
Here ’s something you do n’t see everyday : a university sending out a press release showing the potential benefits on crop yields of elevated atmospheric CO2 levels .
– Anthony
Public release date : 9 - Feb-2009
http://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2009-02/uoia-hcb020609.php
Contact : Diana Yates
diya@illinois.edu
217-333-5802
University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign
High CO2 boosts plant respiration , potentially affecting climate and crops
The leaves of soybeans grown at the elevated carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) levels predicted for the year 2050 respire more than those grown under current atmospheric conditions , researchers report , a finding that will help fine - tune climate models and could point to increased crop yields as CO 2 levels rise .
The study , from researchers at the University of Illinois and the U.S. Dept. of Agriculture , appears this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Plants draw CO 2 from the atmosphere and make sugars through the process of photosynthesis .
But they also release some CO 2 during respiration as they use the sugars to generate energy for self - maintenance and growth .
How elevated CO 2 affects plant respiration will therefore influence future food supplies and the extent to which plants can capture CO 2 from the air and store it as carbon in their tissues .
While there is broad agreement that higher atmospheric CO 2 levels stimulate photosynthesis in C3 plants , such as soybean , no such consensus exists on how rising CO 2 levels will affect plant respiration .
IMAGE : Andrew Leakey and assistants at work in the Soy FACE facility at Illinois .
Click here for more information .
“ There ’s been a great deal of controversy about how plant respiration responds to elevated CO 2 , ” said U. of I. plant biology professor Andrew Leakey , who led the study .
“ Some summary studies suggest it will go down by 18 percent , some suggest it wo n’t change , and some suggest it will increase as much as 11 percent . ”
Understanding how the respiratory pathway responds when plants are grown at elevated CO 2 is key to reducing this uncertainty , Leakey said .
His team used microarrays , a genomic tool that can detect changes in the activity of thousands of genes at a time , to learn which genes in the high CO 2 plants were being switched on at higher or lower levels than those of the soybeans grown at current CO 2 levels .
Rather than assessing plants grown in chambers in a greenhouse , as most studies have done , Leakey ’s team made use of the Soybean Free Air Concentration Enrichment ( Soy FACE ) facility at Illinois .
This open - air research lab can expose a soybean field to a variety of atmospheric CO 2 levels – without isolating the plants from other environmental influences , such as rainfall , sunlight and insects .
Some of the plants were exposed to atmospheric CO 2 levels of 550 parts per million ( ppm ) , the level predicted for the year 2050 if current trends continue .
These were compared to plants grown at ambient CO 2 levels ( 380 ppm ) .
The results were striking .
At least 90 different genes coding the majority of enzymes in the cascade of chemical reactions that govern respiration were switched on ( expressed ) at higher levels in the soybeans grown at high CO 2 levels .
This explained how the plants were able to use the increased supply of sugars from stimulated photosynthesis under high CO 2 conditions to produce energy , Leakey said .
The rate of respiration increased 37 percent at the elevated CO 2 levels .
The enhanced respiration is likely to support greater transport of sugars from leaves to other growing parts of the plant , including the seeds , Leakey said .
“ The expression of over 600 genes was altered by elevated CO 2 in total , which will help us to understand how the response is regulated and also hopefully produce crops that will perform better in the future , ” he said .
IMAGE : Illinois plant biology professor Andrew Leakey led a team that discovered that soybean leaves speed up their metabolism in response to rising CO2 .
Click here for more information .
###
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Bianca Gascoigne falls over ' uncontrollably drunk ' on MTV photoshoot
It is usually her stepfather Paul Gascoigne who hits the headlines with his alcohol problems - but this time , it was Bianca who got so drunk that she fell over and hit her head .
The model was steered towards a sun lounger but managed to miss and land head - first on the sand during a photoshoot in Spain .
The footage was filmed last September as part of her new MTV show The Celebrity Agency , a series that follows agent Jonathan Lipman and a host of his clients .
Scroll down for video
Worse for wear : A drunk Bianca Gascoigne after falling over during a photoshoot in Spain , which was shown on a new MTV show last night
The pictures will no doubt come as a shock to her stepfather , Paul , who is battling alcohol addiction
She was also shot slurring incoherently and barely able to pose for bikini pictures before her agent had to put her to bed .
Bianca claims she had been drinking vodka all day to keep warm on the cold beach , but the pictures will no doubt come as a shock to her family , who have been dealing with Gazza 's battle with alcohol addiction .
A friend told the Daily Star : ' She ’s seen the problems that her stepdad has had with drink – we hope this is just a stage she ’s going through .
Bianca claims she had been drinking vodka all day to keep warm on the cold beach
Later in the show , her agent is seen undressing , bathing and putting her to bed as she could n’t walk or stand .
She then tells her boss that she has positioned Bianca ' head - to - face down ' to stop her swallowing her own vomit .
After the shoot , also attended by glamour model Charlotte Mears , who had to help her stay up , her worried agent describes Bianca as ' uncontrollably drunk ' .
Bianca said : ' I ’m really embarrassed about the photoshoot now .
' We were travelling to different beaches all day and it was quite cold , so I was drinking vodka to keep warm .
' The problem is , I just kept on drinking and had n’t had anything to eat because I did n’t want my belly sticking out . '
Bianca recently celebrated at the launch of the show , racking up a £ 6,000 bar bill at a London club .
The lads ' mag favourite did n't let the party end at just one bottle - ordering several more throughout the night .
Bianca revealed she has n't had a chance to speak to her stepfather after a Gazza documentary detailed the pain her family had suffered in trying to help him .
Ready for testing : Unicode support for Handle I/
O
I 've been working on adding proper Unicode support to Handle I/O in GHC , and I finally have something that 's ready for testing .
I 've put a patchset here : http://www.haskell.org/~simonmar/base-unicode.tar.gz
That is a set of patches against a GHC repo tree : unpack the tarball , and say 'sh apply / path / to / ghc / repo ' to apply all the patches .
Then clean your tree and build it from scratch ( or if you 're using the new GHC build system , just say ' make ' ;-) .
It should validate , bar one or two minor failures .
Oh , it does n't work on Windows yet .
That 's the major thing left to do .
If anyone else felt like tackling this I 'd be delighted : all you have to do is implement a Win32 equivalent of the module GHC.IO .
Encoding .
Iconv ( see below ) , everything else should work unchanged .
Depending on whether any further changes are required , I may amend - record some of these patches , so treat them as temporary patches for testing only .
Below is what will be the patch description in the patch for libraries / base .
Comments / discussion please !
Cheers , Simon Unicode - aware Handles ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
This is a significant restructuring of the Handle implementation with the primary goal of supporting Unicode character encodings .
The only change to the existing behaviour is that by default , text IO is done in the prevailing encoding of the system .
Handles created by openBinaryFile use the Latin - 1 encoding , as do Handles placed in binary mode using hSetBinary Mode .
We provide a way to change the encoding for an existing Handle : hSetEncoding :: Handle -> TextEncoding -> IO ( ) and various encodings : latin1 , utf8 , utf16 , utf16le , utf16be , utf32 , utf32le , utf32be , localeEncoding , and a way to lookup other encodings : mkTextEncoding :: String ->
IO TextEncoding ( it 's system - dependent whether the requested encoding will be available ) .
Currently hSetEncoding is availble from GHC.IO .
Handle , and the encodings are available from GHC.IO .
Encoding .
We may want to export these from somewhere more permanent ; that 's something for a library proposal .
Thanks to suggestions from Duncan Coutts , it 's possible to call hSetEncoding even on buffered read Handles , and the right thing happens .
So we can read from text streams that include multiple encodings , such as an HTTP response or email message , without having to turn buffering off ( though there is a penalty for switching encodings on a buffered Handle , as the IO system has to do some re-decoding to figure out where it should start reading from again ) .
If there is a decoding error , it is reported when an attempt is made to read the offending character from the Handle , as you would expect .
Performance is about 30 % slower on " hGetContents >>= putStr " than before .
I 've profiled it , and about 25 % of this is in doing the actual encoding / decoding , the rest is accounted for by the fact that we 're shuffling around 32 - bit chars rather than bytes in the Handle buffer , so there 's not much we can do to improve this .
IO library restructuring ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The major change here is that the implementation of the Handle operations is separated from the underlying IO device , using type classes .
File descriptors are just one IO provider ; I have also implemented memory - mapped files ( good for random - access read / write ) and a Handle that pipes output to a Chan ( useful for testing code that writes to a Handle ) .
New kinds of Handle can be implemented outside the base package , for instance someone could write bytestringToHandle .
A Handle is made using mkFileHandle : -- | makes a new ' Handle ' mkFileHandle :: ( IODevice dev , BufferedIO dev , Typeable dev ) => dev -- ^ the underlying IO device , which must support -- ' IODevice ' , ' BufferedIO ' and ' Typeable ' ->
FilePath -- ^ a string describing the ' Handle ' , e.g. the file -- path for a file .
Used in error messages .
-> IOMode -- ^
The mode in which the ' Handle ' is to be used -> Maybe TextEncoding -- ^ text encoding to use , if any -> IO Handle
This also means that someone can write a completely new IO implementation on Windows based on native Win32 HANDLEs , and distribute it as a separate package ( I really hope somebody does this ! ) .
This restructuring is n't as radical as previous designs .
I have n't made any attempt to make a separate binary I/O layer , for example ( although hGetBuf / hPutBuf do bypass the text encoding ) .
The main goal here was to get Unicode support in , and to allow others to experiment with making new kinds of Handle .
We could split up the layers further later .
API changes and Module structure ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
NB . GHC.IOBase and GHC .
Handle are now DEPRECATED ( they are still present , but are just re-exporting things from other modules now ) .
For 6.12 we'll want to bump base to version 5 and add a base4 - compat .
For now I 'm using # if __GLASGOW_HASKEL__ >= 611 to avoid deprecated warnings .
I split modules into smaller parts in many places .
For example , we now have GHC.
IORef , GHC .
MVar and GHC.IOArray containing the implementations of IORef , MVar and IOArray respectively .
This was necessary for untangling dependencies , but it also makes things easier to follow .
The new module structurue for the IO - relatied parts of the base package is : GHC.IO Implementation of the IO monad ; unsafe * ; throw / catch GHC.IO.IOMode The IOMode type GHC.IO .
Buffer Buffers and operations on them GHC.IO .
Device The IODevice and RawIO classes .
GHC.IO .
BufferedIO The BufferedIO class .
GHC.IO.FD
The FD type , with instances of IODevice , RawIO and BufferedIO .
GHC.IO .
Exception IO - related Exceptions GHC.IO .
Encoding The TextEncoding type ; built - in TextEncodings ; mkTextEncoding GHC.IO .
Encoding .
Types GHC.IO .
Encoding .
Iconv Implementation internals for GHC.IO .
Encoding GHC.IO .
Handle
The main API for GHC's Handle implementation , provides all the Handle operations + mkFileHandle + hSetEncoding .
GHC.IO .
Handle .
Types GHC.IO .
Handle .
Internals GHC.IO .
Handle .
Text Implementation of Handles and operations .
GHC.IO .
Handle .FD
Parts of the Handle API implemented by file - descriptors : open File , stdin , stdout , stderr , fdToHandle etc .
Is gravity getting your satellite down ?
Too bad it does n’t have a Mini-Helicon Plasma Thruster on board .
The aeronautics minds at MIT have developed this new propulsion system as a lighter , more fuel - efficient way to give satellites the boost they need .
Powered by electrically charged nitrogen gas , the Mini-Helicon is an alternative to the rockets maneuvering most satellites today , which get their kick from chemical reactions .
About 10 times more efficient , this new , shoebox - sized technology would also have the advantage of being significantly cheaper , Oleg Batishchev , a principal research scientist in the Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics at MIT , said in a press release .
Mini-Helicon follows in the footsteps of plasma and ion thrusters tested on a handful of earlier satellites , including Deep Space 1 , Japan ’s Hayabusa and the Dawn mission to asteroids Ceres and Vesta .
It is based on a more powerful and heftier version of the technology , the Variable Specific Impulse Magnetoplasma Rocket , or VASIMR , developed by former astronaut Franklin Chang - Diaz .
VASIMR is intended as a propulsion system for space cargo and long - distance space flight , and is planned for NASA testing aboard the International Space Station in 2012 .
The Mini-Helicon Plasma
Thruster is the first of these non-chemical technologies to use nitrogen as its fuel source .
The nitrogen is pumped through a quartz tube wrapped in a coiled antenna and surrounded by magnets .
Radio frequency power , transmitted to the nitrogen from the antenna , turns the gas into plasma , or electrically charged gas .
The magnets help produce the plasma , and guide and accelerate it through the system .
" The plasma beam exhausted from the tube is what gives us the thrust to propel the rocket , " Batishchev said .
Last summer , for fun , Batishchev ’s students successfully assembled a version of the plasma rocket using a recycled glass bottle and aluminum can , instead of the quartz tube and radio - frequency antenna ( see video ) .
" This shows that this is a robust , simple design .
So in principal , an even simpler design could be developed , " he said .
Still , the technology is very young , and it will likely many years before it can be used commercially .
— Elise Kleeman for Wired.com
Image : A prototype of the Mini-Helicon Plasma Thruster .
Donna Coveney / MIT
See Also :
The idea of a white Christmas may seem magical for many of us , but spare a thought for a team of scientists forgoing the festive season to take part in a novel campaign being carried out in one of the most inhospitable regions on Earth to support ESA 's CryoSat mission .
German scientists from the Technical University of Dresden and the Alfred Wegener Institute are spending up to four months venturing out onto the vast frozen reaches of what is known as the ' blue ice ' region near the Russian Novo airbase in Dronning Maud Land in Antarctica .
The aim is to take very accurate measurements of the surface topography , both from the air and on the ground to contribute to the validation programme for CryoSat - 2 .
With diminishing ice cover fast becoming a reality , ESA 's CryoSat - 2 mission has been designed to measure the exact rate of change in the thickness of both ice floating in the oceans and ice sheets on land .
To measure the thickness of relatively thin sea ice as well as survey the surface of ice sheets that are kilometres thick requires specialised instrumentation and data processing methods .
To achieve this , CryoSat - 2 , which will launch towards the end of 2009 , carries an innovative radar altimeter called the Synthetic Aperture Interferometric Radar Altimeter - 2 ( SIRAL - 2 ) .
Unlike most other glaciers or ice caps in polar regions , the Antarctic blue ice region in the Schirmacher Oasis is unique in that it is characterised by a sheet of hard glistening polished ice , completely devoid of snow .
It is this unusual icy surface with its lack of overlying snow that makes it particularly useful for determining the accuracy of the altimeter on board CryoSat .
" The blue ice region is a unique area for CryoSat calibration and validation , " says Professor Reinhard Dietrich from the University of Dresden who is managing the project for the University .
" Because the surface is essentially polished ice , the CryoSat radar signal from space will be reflected directly by the surface , without penetrating into the snow .
This will give us a much - improved understanding of the accuracy of the CryoSat surface - height measurement , which is critical for making estimates of change in the total mass of ice caps through the altimeter measurements . "
Currently , a party composed of two scientists from the Technical University of Dresden – Axel Ruelke and Franziska Kube – are out on the ice , painstakingly taking surface - height measurements using sophisticated GPS equipment towed by snowmobiles .
This allows them to measure surface height variations down to centimetre accuracy .
The team of two has been taking measurements since 10 November and hope to complete their first traverse across the region by Christmas .
If all goes well , the team will finish the whole set of measurements by February 2009 and then head back to Germany via Cape Town , South Africa , to start with the detailed analysis of the precious data they collected .
In addition to ESA , the German Space Agency DLR is also supporting the analysis .
In parallel to the efforts on the ground , the Alfred Wegner Institute ( AWI ) will be flying their POLAR5 aircraft across the blue ice site – starting just before Christmas and finishing before the New Year .
From the plane , the AWI team will collect laser and radar height measurements along the very same tracks as the ground team .
To do this they are using ESA 's Airborne Synthetic Aperture and Interferometric Radar Altimeter System ( ASIRAS ) , which simulates the measurements CryoSat .
By comparing the ground measurements with data from the airborne instruments the team will be have a better estimate of the accuracy of the measurements that the CryoSat altimeter will soon make from space .
" This campaign represents the very first ESA CryoSat campaign in the Antarctic , " says Malcolm Davidson , ESA CryoSat Validation Manager .
" The Antarctic 2008 campaign in the blue ice region will help us better understand how CryoSat radar signals interact with the ice surface and , ultimately , help prepare for the critical accuracy assessments required for the CryoSat mission once it is launched .
I would like to thank the campaign team for their efforts and DLR for their financial support to the scientists . "
Parents outraged as cannabis smoking tips are handed to students by school
' Know Cannabis ' : A 20 - page booklet which provides tips on the best way to smoke the drug is being hand out at to school children ( file photo )
Parents have reacted with fury after a booklet which provides tips on the best way to smoke cannabis and the benefits of the drug was handed out to school children .
The ' Know Cannabis ' booklets , which is given to teenagers preparing for GCSEs , includes advice on whether to use bongs or buckets and how to roll joints .
It is not until page 14 of the 20 - page booklet that readers are told that cannabis is actually illegal , just before the information that under - 18s can be arrested three times before they will be prosecuted .
The news comes a day after Cannabis was officially reclassified from Class C to Class B .
Parents in the North East have demanded the booklets be removed from schools after claiming they are advertising the drug .
Aimed at youngsters , it includes advice on how best to take the drug .
It carries the cost of ' vaporisers ' which are a ' less risky ' way to take the drug and warn not to roll a cannabis cigarette with too many cigarette papers as ' three skinners will do ' .
The booklets begin by telling youngsters to ' Know the effects , how it is used , the risks , and how to avoid them ' .
North East councils including Northumberland only use the booklets with known drug-users they are trying to help with their habit - but they are widely used in North Tyneside .
One 45 - year - old mum from North Tyneside said she was outraged when her 15 - year - old asthmatic son came home and told her he had been given ' a lesson on how to smoke cannabis safely ' .
' At first I thought he was joking about it .
To discuss smoking with an asthmatic child without explaining the extra dangers to people with lung problems is incredibly irresponsible , ' she said .
' Then he showed me the cannabis booklet .
I was furious when I read it , parts of it are designed like an advert for the stuff .
' What is this school thinking of ?
The only way to avoid the risks of illegal drugs is to keep well away from them . '
North Tyneside Council said the booklet was part of the National Drugs Education Programme , aimed at alerting Year 11 students to the risks of drug misuse , and that no complaints had been received from parents .
But the mother , who did not want to be named to protect her son , added : ‘ The booklet does mention the dangers of cannabis use .
But this is mixed in with messages that suggest cannabis use is normal and ' acceptable ' even , which I am sure most parents will disagree with .
The booklet is produced by Merseyside - based HIT , which provides ' social marketing campaigns ' on drugs and alcohol and sexual health , which said it did not mean to encourage drug use and would be happy to listen to any complaints .
A North Tyneside Council spokeswoman said : ‘ The materials referred to are used across the nation by schools as part of the National Drugs Education Programme .
‘ The aim of the programme is to alert Year 11 students to the risks and harm caused by drug misuse .
‘ No complaints have been raised with the school or local authority in relation to these materials . ’
North Tyneside 's Conservative mayoral candidate Linda Arkley said : " We should be sending a message to children that drugs damage your health and are n't any good for you .
The Department for Children Schools and Families said it did not dictate what children were taught about drugs and content of drug education are taken at local level .
Sunderland Council said it used HIT material , but only where a child was already known to be using drugs .
To take a clear and objective look at the tapestry of social phenomena comprising the human condition , it is immediately discernible that custom and habit are often more dominant social forces than are reason and plain logic .
Thus , the widespread acceptance of the doctrine of the “ Divine Right of Kings ” continued unabated from generation to generation , until finally , a relatively small group of free - thinking individuals was able to apply reason to the prevailing customs , and to express their findings in such a way as to appeal to the better senses of the masses .
Similar evolutions can be found throughout human history : Societies pass on a set of superstitions and prejudices from one generation to the next , until finally a small but irate group is able to expose the fallacies to a sufficient extent as to permanently alter the prevailing social paradigm .
Very early on in the history of civilization , the land was sparsely populated , and broken up into hundreds of thousands of tribes and villages , each developing their own unique set of mores and traditions .
Inter - tribal trade was a scarce phenomenon at first ; individual tribes and families were , for the most part , self - sufficient — each consumed mainly only that which they themselves produced .
Then , as now , there were only three general ways in which humans could derive sustenance :
Self - sufficiency ( manually producing everything which one consumes or uses ) , trade ( peaceful and voluntary production and exchange ) , or plunder ( violent conquest and confiscation ) .
Scarcity , the great and omnipresent problem that is inherent in earthly existence , has always driven the less scrupulous among us to violent remedies .
But in the earliest days of human history , men were less sophisticated , and the available avenues for expropriation were very limited .
The best that early man could conceive of , was to form roaming bands of warlords , and to set about pillaging their conquered victims .
At first this method was very primitive in its execution ; the potential plunder was always limited by whatever the village being victimized had on hand to be confiscated .
Although it was common practice for the band of pillagers to spare a few of their victims to be kept as slaves , the typical M.O. was kept to the simple three - step formula of Murder , Loot , and Move On .
However , as time passed , the more sophisticated bands of warlords started to come to a realization : that it might be better if , instead of stubbornly adhering to the tried - and - true three - step formula , they altered it a bit , by replacing the initial phase of “ murder all but a few slaves - for - the - road , ” with “ murder only those who protect the village , ” and then replacing the final phase of “ move on to the next victims ” with “ stay and live off the labor of the villagers - turned - serfs . ”
To the delight of the nomad warlords , the new formula proved successful beyond their wildest dreams .
They moved in on their marks , immediately dispatched with only those who dared put up a fight , declared themselves sovereign rulers of all persons and property within the territory ( with the chief warlord as the villages new “ King , ” and the territory being divided up amongst all the members of the band ) .
The spared villagers were then left to tend to and cultivate the land , with the fruits of their labor expropriated by whichever warlord held “ sovereignty ” over the particular piece of land they were cultivating .
The serfs were allowed to keep of their produce only what was essential for a bare subsistence .
In very short order , nearly every village and tribe throughout modern - day Europe and Asia found themselves with a new “ King ” ( or “ Emperor , ” etc. ) and a ruling class of warlords as their new “ sovereign government ” being violently imposed upon them .
But human beings are quite socially resourceful , capable of such psychological phenomena as cognitive dissonance , and mass self - delusion .
Because life as a serf can be such an overbearing strain on the ego and psyche , people began to adapt by creating social myths and narratives to reconcile their situation with the basic and natural human tendency to derive happiness from existence .
Thus , they began to associate themselves with their oppressors ; by projecting greatness onto their “ King , ” they could then convince themselves that they were not merely slaves being dominated by violent thugs , but instead that they were the happy subjects of a great and wise ruler who had been appointed by God Himself .
Ensuing generations would reason on top of this , that the subjugation they endured was actually a good and necessary social benefit , because the King and his lieutenants scrupulously caused law and order to reign among their subjects , and also kept them safe from the barbarian hordes roaming beyond the village (! )
The produce of their labor that were forced to give up to the King and their men was no longer theft at swordpoint ; it was taxation , which every able - bodied villager had a social duty to contribute to .
Thus , our roaming bands of violent thugs and warlords became what we now know of as the State , and their ill - gotten booty became the venerable social institution known of as taxation .
After so many generations of the social phenomena of habit and custom working on the human psyche , people could conceive of no other way of getting on than by being dominated by a State ; it was a common sentiment that it pleased God for every village and city to be ruled over by a King .
As is common knowledge , humans easily become drunk with power .
It is very rare indeed that a state is ever content with the territory it rules over at any given time .
Their tendency is almost universally to expand ; and usually that means violent conquest of new territories , which generally are already under the subjugation of another set of state rulers .
This , of course , means war ; and war always means murder — as someone must necessarily be the aggressor , and aggressively taking the life of another human being can never be honestly construed as anything else but murder .
But since habit and custom have transformed the state from a band of violent thugs to a benevolent and necessary social institution , state rulers have long been able to indoctrinate their subjects to the very opposite of reality ; to wit , people are led to believe that war is defined by the state fighting on behalf of the people , instead of the reality that war is the people fighting on behalf of the state .
In the late 17th Century , small groups of individuals began to finally grasp strands of reason through the giant smokescreen of state - created sophistry , and the mass delusion and self - deception of the public held in place by generations of habit and custom ; eventually the doctrine of the Divine Right of Kings was finally repudiated .
Though the period we now refer to as The Enlightenment introduced to the social consciousness for the first time the concept of individual rights and the intrinsic equality of each and every human being , the proverbial Emperor was still able to escape without anyone noticing his complete lack of clothing .
For all John Locke , Thomas Paine and Thomas Jefferson 's bold and unprecedented breakthroughs in philosophy , they still were unable to think far enough outside the box to take the implications of their doctrine to their logical conclusion : that the state , as such , is an inherently immoral and socially - destructive institution .
That any institution that finds it necessary to resort to violent expropriation to sustain itself , is inherently unfit to survive at all .
That mankind need not resort to monopoly and parasitism to establish courts of common law and collective defense .
And that , despite the sophistry and interested clamoring from those who stand to benefit , taxation is and always will be organized theft on a grand scale , and aggressive warfare is and always will be mass murder .
Hopefully , the next generation that is able to produce a critical mass of free - thinking individuals , will be able to finally see the Emperor for what he really is : completely and utterly naked .
MarketWatch
November 20 , 2008
VeriChip Corporation , a provider of radio frequency identification ( RFID ) systems for healthcare and patient - related needs , today announced that its personal health record used in conjunction with its VeriMed Health Link system will be accessible through Microsoft ( R ) HealthVault ( TM ) , an online platform designed to put consumers in control of their health information .
Through this agreement , Health Link members will have the ability to open free HealthVault accounts and input , store , view and interact with their health data .
Further , the data within Health Link members ’ existing accounts will be directly accessible through their HealthVault accounts .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Scott R. Silverman , Chairman of the Company , said , “ VeriChip ’s strategic alliance with Microsoft provides additional benefits to our members by enabling them to seamlessly store all of their personal health records on HealthVault ’s robust , security - enhanced website .
Furthermore , as an approved HeathVault solution provider , this agreement gives us added visibility among HealthVault ’s member base .
For those who have chosen our tamper - proof , safe , ‘ always on ’ link to their personal health information , we believe this relationship with Microsoft is a logical expansion of our service . ”
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Ex -BART cop accused of murder in rare group BART SHOOTING
Former Chandler police Officer Dan Lovelace turns around and kisses his wife , Trish Lovelace , after he was acquitted Friday , July 9 , 2004 , in Mesa , Ariz . , of second - degree murder and endangerment charges in shooting death of an Ahwatukee woman .
( AP Photo / Pool , Russell Gates ) less Former Chandler police Officer Dan Lovelace turns around and kisses his wife , Trish Lovelace , after he was acquitted Friday , July 9 , 2004 , in Mesa , Ariz . , of second - degree murder and endangerment charges in ... more Photo : Russell Gates , AP Photo : Russell Gates , AP Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Ex-BART cop accused of murder in rare group 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
It began as a routine radio call .
A young woman , parked in a Walgreens drive - through lane with her year - old son in the backseat , was trying to pass a bogus prescription .
But as Officer Dan Lovelace steered his motorcycle toward the pharmacy in the Phoenix suburb of Chandler on Oct. 11 , 2002 , he was on his way to becoming something extraordinary : a cop accused of murder .
More than 350 people are killed in the United States each year by police officers .
But prosecutors rarely file the ultimate charge , as they did against Lovelace and as they did against former BART police Officer Johannes Mehserle , who shot an unarmed man early New Year 's Day on an Oakland train platform .
And if history is any guide , Mehserle has a good chance of avoiding serious punishment - just as Lovelace did after jurors accepted his account of why he fatally shot the drugstore suspect when she tried to drive off .
The Chronicle found just six cases in the past 15 years - not including the BART shooting - in which murder charges had been filed against officers who killed people in the line of duty .
The cases , involving a total of 13 officers , typically resulted in large civil payouts to victims ' relatives .
However , none of the officers was convicted of murder - and most were acquitted or cleared altogether .
One pleaded no contest to manslaughter and got three years in prison .
Another pleaded no contest to misdemeanor negligent homicide .
Lovelace said in an interview that the woman he shot , 35 - year - old Dawn Rae Nelson , had swerved her car toward him while fleeing , as if she intended to run him down .
Prosecutors said Lovelace , who was on foot , had chased and gunned down a small - time suspect who could have been picked up later .
" You have to do your job , " said Lovelace , 45 , who was fired and is now a substitute teacher on Indian reservation land in Arizona .
" She opened up a series of events .
If she stopped and did nothing , like I told her to do in the beginning , she would be here today . "
But Stacy Kray , a San Francisco environmental attorney whose cousin was married to Nelson , said Lovelace 's acquittal sent a damaging message .
" The lesson , " she said , " is that if you want a free pass for murder , go get a badge . "
Kray said most officers " deserve our respect , admiration and protection .
But the bad ones deserve to be brought to justice . "
Benefit of the doubt
Each murder case is unique .
But people involved in the cases in which police officers have been charged echoed a common theme : Jurors are reluctant to second - guess officers whom they see as doing a dangerous job .
" There 's almost always something else going on that involves police work that would arguably justify use of force , " said Steve Schroering , an attorney who won acquittal for a Louisville , Ky. , officer who killed a suspect in 2004 .
" The question , " he said , " becomes if too much force was used , which gets you into manslaughter or other lesser degrees of homicide . "
Other common factors in acquittals included the presence of prominent defense attorneys hired through police unions ; intense scrutiny of the victims and their role in sparking the confrontations ; and intensive media coverage and community response , even rioting , that pressured prosecutors to file charges in cases that were difficult to win .
The cases were fought both inside and outside of court , attorneys said , with the location of the killing playing an important role .
For instance , when an officer was arraigned on a murder charge in predominantly white New Milford , Conn. , hundreds of uniformed police officers lined up , at attention , across the street from the courthouse , said prosecutor John Connelly .
The officer was white , while the man he shot was black .
Although the BART case also involves a white officer shooting a black man , the scene outside court has been quite different .
Protesters chanted , " We are Oscar Grant ! " - a reference to the victim in the Jan. 1 shooting - outside a recent bail hearing in Oakland for Mehserle .
Major difference : videos
The BART case has unique factors .
Perhaps most important , Grant 's shooting on the Fruitvale Station platform was video - recorded by fellow passengers .
The footage , showing Grant face - down as he was shot , is expected to play a key role at Mehserle 's trial .
" You ca n't understate the importance of the videotape , " said John Burris , the attorney for Grant 's family and a former prosecutor .
" In the other cases , you do n't have enough evidence to offset the testimony of the police officers . "
In another major difference , Mehserle 's attorney , Michael Rains , said the officer had accidentally killed Grant , mistaking his pistol for his Taser stun gun .
The few officers elsewhere who have been accused of murder knew they were using deadly force and argued it was justified .
In any event , Mehserle must convince a jury he was justified in using force on Grant .
Reasonable fear
In conservative Maricopa County in Arizona , the question for jurors was whether Lovelace , who is Latino , had been reasonable in fearing for his life when he shot Nelson , a white mother of three from Phoenix who had struggled with addiction .
All agree on certain facts : Lovelace , the first officer at the drive - through , parked his motorcycle in front of Nelson , who had forged a prescription for a muscle relaxer .
He told her to turn the car off and put the keys on the dashboard , and he circled behind the car to call in the license plate number .
Nelson complied initially , but then started the engine and accelerated , hitting the motorcycle .
Prosecutors said Lovelace had chased after Nelson on foot before killing her from behind .
But Lovelace , in his testimony , placed himself farther forward in the drive - through lane at the moment Nelson tried to flee .
He said he had feared he would be crushed by the car - which he said had actually struck him on the leg .
Former Maricopa County District Attorney Rick Romley , who filed the murder charge , recalled in an interview that he had considered Lovelace to be " extraordinarily reckless , " firing despite the presence of Nelson 's infant son .
The boy was not hurt .
Tough case going in
Romley said he had wanted to send a message to police in his county , whose " aggressiveness was beginning to grow substantially . "
He also said he had known he might fail .
" Jurors are just not inclined to convict ( a police officer ) unless you have some extraordinary circumstances , " Romley said .
" In our case , I thought we did . "
He added , " Law enforcement has a lot of power , but it 's not an absolute power . "
Under forceful questioning by a Chandler internal affairs investigator a week after the shooting , Lovelace maintained that he had felt his life was in danger .
But he also wept and , according to a transcript , said , " I messed up . "
After a monthlong trial , jurors acquitted Lovelace in 2004 .
Some kept in touch with him afterward and tried to help him in his unsuccessful bid to get his job back .
" I felt really bad for the girl , " said Lyn Caldwell , a 58 - year - old Mesa resident who was an alternate juror .
" Obviously , she was in need of some kind of help .
Clearly , though , it just was n't a case where he just shot her for the heck of it .
" I think there are good cops and bad cops , " Caldwell said .
" In this particular instance , I just feel his story was credible . "
Settlement , but still hurt
Nelson 's family received a confidential , multimillion - dollar settlement from the city of Chandler .
But her husband , John Nelson , remains hurt by the verdict and said he has trouble explaining the case to people he meets .
" I 'll say , ' She was murdered by a police officer , ' but then I have to add , ' But he was acquitted , ' " Nelson said .
" It 's like you lost the game . "
Nelson said he was glad he lives " in a country where a police officer can be held responsible for his actions . "
But he said he remains convinced that Lovelace had killed his wife after he " lost his temper . "
" If he sat in jail for three years or 10 years , it 's not going to change anything , " he said .
" But it might help . "
Lovelace , who said he had dreamed of being a cop as a child , said that going from officer to murder defendant had left him despondent , with the jury verdict lifting " a huge mound off my shoulders . "
He said he had lost weight after the shooting , could n't sleep and often vomited .
" The depression is so bad that I would n't wish it on the worst suspect , " he said .
" It 's like you were fighting the battle and you were left behind enemy lines . "
Lovelace moved out of Chandler .
He still wants to be a police officer , but nobody will hire him .
" There 's a long road ahead , " he said .
" Life never comes back to where it was .
You can wish and wish and wish , but there 's no such thing as moving on . "
by
With this post , I ’m launching a new , ( very ) occasional series I ’m calling YANAL , for “ You Are Not A Lawyer . ”
In this series , I will try to disabuse computer scientists and other technically minded people of some commonly held misconceptions about the law ( and the legal system ) .
I start with something from criminal law .
As you probably already know , in the American criminal law system , as in most others , a jury must find a defendant guilty “ beyond a reasonable doubt ” to convict .
“ Beyond a reasonable doubt ” is a famously high standard , and many guilty people are free today only because the evidence against them does not meet this standard .
When techies think about criminal law , and in particular crimes committed online , they tend to fixate on this legal standard , dreaming up ways people can use technology to inject doubt into the evidence to avoid being convicted .
I ca n’t count how many conversations I have had with techies about things like the “ open wireless access point defense , ” the “ trojaned computer defense , ” the “ NAT - ted firewall defense , ” and the “ dynamic IP address defense . ”
Many people have talked excitedly to me about tools like TrackMeNot or more exotic methods which promise , at least in part , to inject jail - springing reasonable doubt onto a hard drive or into a network .
People who place stock in these theories and tools are neglecting an important drawback .
There are another set of legal standards –the legal standards governing search and seizure –you should worry about long before you ever get to “ beyond a reasonable doubt ” .
Omitting a lot of detail , the police , even without going to a judge first , can obtain your name , address , and credit card number from your ISP if they can show the information is relevant to a criminal investigation .
They can obtain transaction logs ( think apache or sendmail logs ) after convincing a judge the evidence is “ relevant and material to an ongoing criminal investigation . ”
If they have probable cause–another famous , but often misunderstood standard –they can read all of your stored email , rifle through your bedroom dresser drawers , and image your hard drive .
If they jump through a few other hoops , they can wiretap your telephone .
Some of these standards are n’t easy to meet , but all of them are well below the “ beyond a reasonable doubt ” standard for guilt .
So by the time you ’ve had your Perry Mason moment in front of the jurors , somehow convincing them that the fact that you do n’t enable WiFi authentication means your neighbor could ’ve sent the death threat , your life will have been turned upside down in many ways :
The police will have searched your home and seized all of your computers .
They will have examined all of the files on your hard drives and read all of the messages in your inboxes .
( And if you have a shred of kiddie porn stored anywhere , the alleged death threat will be the least of your worries .
I know , I know , the virus on your computer raises doubt that the kiddie porn is yours ! )
They will have arrested you and possibly incarcerated you pending trial .
Guys with guns will have interviewed you and many of your friends , co-workers , and neighbors .
In addition , you will have been assigned an overworked public defender who has no time for far - fetched technological defenses and prefers you take a plea bargain , or you will have paid thousands of dollars to a private attorney who knows less than the public defender about technology , but who is “ excited to learn ” on your dime .
Maybe , maybe , maybe after all of this , your lawyer convinces the judge or the jury .
You ’re free !
Congratulations ?
The police and prosecutors run into many legal standards , many of which are much easier to satisfy than “ beyond a reasonable doubt ” and most of which are met long before they see an access point or notice a virus infection .
By meeting any of these standards , they can seriously disrupt your life , even if they never end up putting you away .
When Barack Obama selected Christina Romer to lead his Council of Economic Advisers , the response of many in Washington was , “ Christina who ? ” Who is Christina Romer ?
When Barack Obama selected Christina Romer to lead his Council of Economic Advisers , the response of many in Washington was “ Christina who ? ”
But in economic circles , Romer was an obvious pick .
The University of California at Berkeley professor , one of the preeminent macro-economists in the country , specializes in the Great Depression .
And for a new administration poised to inherit the current economic crisis , who better to put in office than the expert on what went wrong the last time ?
Advertisement
“ Right now , you want a business cycle stabilization chair of the Council on Economic Advisers and that ’s Christy , ” said friend and colleague Brad DeLong , an economist at Berkeley .
Romer and her husband , David , both tenured professors at Berkeley , have been fixtures in the economic world for years .
And when they started advising Obama during his campaign , speculation was rampant that a post in any new Obama administration would be in store for at least one of them .
Christina Romer , 49 , has known several members of Obama ’s inner circle for years .
As a graduate student at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , she was a favorite of a young assistant professor named Lawrence Summers .
And this week , Obama picked Summers , a former Treasury secretary in the Clinton administration , as a top White House economic adviser .
Romer knows Peter Orszag , who will be Obama ’s White House budget director , from his days as an adjunct professor at Berkeley .
Romer shares much of Summer ’s centrist , pragmatic perspective on economic issues .
“ They will be natural allies on many issues , ” said Greg Mankiw , former chairman of President George W. Bush ’s Council of Economic Advisers .
A close friend of David Romer ’s from their undergrad years , Mankiw was also the best man at the Romers ’ wedding .
“ On nine out of ten issues they would independently come to the same conclusion , ” he said .
“ And on the other , after they talked it out , they would come to same conclusion . ”
Romer has described herself as having “ liberal Obama - heavy political views , " but her work has drawn support from both parties .
She burst into the economic scene with her doctoral dissertation that fundamentally changed how economists viewed the Great Depression .
Economics data indicated that the business cycle before the Great Depression was much more volatile than the economy after World War II .
Economists widely assumed the data demonstrated the success of the post -Depression stabilization policies .
Romer proved them wrong by showing that what seemed like a decrease in market volatility was really due to improved data collection .
Since then , she ’s done extensive work researching the causes of the Great Depression and the roles that fiscal and monetary policy played in the country ’s economic recovery .
More recently , she has focused on the impact of tax policy on economic growth in papers co-authored with her husband .
Her findings have been cheered on both sides of the aisle .
In a November 2008 paper , the Romers concluded that tax cuts can increase economic output , a finding cheered by in low - tax , Republican circles .
The Romers , who live in Oakland , Calif. , with the youngest of their three children , have long packaged themselves as the dynamic duo of the economics world .
When they went on the teaching market , they made it clear that the universities would have to hire both of them .
They kept that promise even when Harvard University came knocking .
The Economics Department voted to offer Christiana Romer a job earlier this year , while David was slated to take a post at Harvard ’s Kennedy School of Government .
Christina Romer ’s job was eventually nixed by Harvard President Drew Faust .
David Romer turned down the job offer and Faust was widely criticized for her decision .
The Harvard decision is a typical one , say friends and colleagues , who describe Romer as unafraid to take tough stances .
On Wednesday , Romer called DeLong after reading some of her old critiques of his papers as part of the administration vetting process .
“ God , I was mean , ” she said , Delong recalled .
“ When people are wrong she is not shy about saying why they ’re wrong . ”
She ’s also able to deal with Summers , who ’s widely known as a brilliant , but sometimes difficult , personality .
“ Larry is also a bull in a china shop , ” said Mankiw .
“ Christy has more of a deft touch .
They will be natural allies on many issues . ”
Everyone has a dream , right ?
Like rock star fantasy camps , Vocation Vacations gives ordinary folks the chance to live out a dream for a moment .
Vocation Vacations is the brainchild of Brian Kurth , a former business executive from Oregon .
His company , born in 2004 , connects curious people with mentors who have the dream jobs they 've only , well , dreamed about pursuing .
Here are the 20 most - popular " Vocation Vacations , " according to Kurth .
「 コードの美しさとは」という前に、そもそも「コード」とは何か。
コードは工業製品ではない。コードは、車とかと同じ工業製品だと思われることが多く、例えば次のような勘違いがある。
コードが工業製品と勘違いされているために、「ソフトウェアの生産」は車の生産ラインのように扱われることがある。
しかし、ソフトウェアは本質的には情報なので、流れ作業は0に等しく、生産ラインのような作業はない。実は、ソフトウェアの生産は車の作業工程でいう「設計 = デザイン」の部分にあたる。車を設計する時には、原寸大の粘度を削って車の形にする。そして、それが美しいとか議論されて最終的なデザインに落ちる。
自動車業界で新車というと年に10台くらいしか出てこないのに、車のデザインと同じくらいクリエイティブで大変なソフトウェアは毎年大量にでてくる。これは、ソフトウェアが「ものづくり」として理解されてしまっている部分に原因があり、このギャップが不幸を生んでしまっている。例えば、コードの設計部分が軽視されるものそのためである。
本来、ソフトウェアの生産は設計なので、次の様な性質をもっている。
コードは、美術等の芸術ともまた違う。見るだけで楽しんだりするものではない。
コードは読み物でもある
コードは人がコンピュータに「何をすればいいか」を教えるコミュニケーションの道具だが、人同士のコミュニケーションにも使われる。人がコードを読むこともとても大切なこと。
教材としてのコード （Twitter にpost するとはどういうことなのか ）
例えば 、Twitter にpost するということを知りたければ、その動作をするコードを読めばいい。コンピュータに仕事をやらせるには、何をすればいいかを完璧に教えなければならず、それがコード。なので、コードには曖昧性がない。
仮に 、「 Twitter にpost する仕様書 」みたいなものがあったとしても、その仕様書を読むよりTwitter にpost するコードを読んだ方が 、「 Twitter にpost するということ 」 を完璧に理解するこができる 。
コードは知識の宝 庫
どうやってスケーラビリティを持たせるか等、そういうことがコードには書いてある。コードを読むことで、その知識を得ることができる。
Cyber DesignZ
Welcome to Cyber Designz , and thank you for taking the time to visit our site !
Did you know how a professionally built website can do wonders for you ?
A professional website helps you to increase sales and attract thousands of new clients .
Take a moment and think “ Can You Afford NOT To Have A Professionally Built Website ? ”
Cyber Designz is a Professional Web Design Company that offers a unique opportunity to its clients for online success .
We assure our clients the very custom build services according to their respective financial and functional requirements .
Cyber Designz ’ maximizes your Return on Investment ( ROI ) by providing customized and usable solutions .
" Cyber Designz Leads You Toward Online Business Success "
Professionally built website gives a brand image to your online business .
And Online marketing enables you to reach global customers , enjoy good search engine ranks , earn high profits and see your business growing .
A website should attract visitors , improve conversions and support business growth .
This is where Cyber Designz assure you affordable , quality & promising services leading you to success .
Strengths of Cyber Designz As A Professional Web Design Company :
Guaranteed Clients ' Satisfaction .
Highly Experienced and Professional Work Force .
Meeting Deadlines without Compromising Quality .
Providing Complete Website Ownership Rights to the Client .
Evolving With Latest Web Designing Techniques and Tools .
Cost Effectiveness , Uniqueness and Creativity in Designing .
Building Brand Image with Best Designing and Marketing Skills .
Our Website Design Company consists of experts who develop web applications , window applications and content management system in an effort to maintain updated websites for targeted audiences .
If stabbing your prey simply is n't enough for you , check out the WASP Injector Knife .
Designed for taking out large land and sea predators , this hardcore weapon features a 5.25 - inch blade and can hold up to a 24g gas canister , which is used to inject a freezing cold , basketball - sized ball of compressed gas into whatever you 've punctured , dropping even the largest of monsters simply and effectively .
Reserved for later use .
Could anything be sweeter than seeing those words next to “ bacon grease ” in a recipe ?
I think not 🙂
Our love of bacon extends beyond nostalgic breakfast memories .
Imagine our excitement when David Lebovitz announced in our cooking class that we would be making a savory Bleu Cheese and Bacon Cake !
Bacon and cake .
From the man that brought you Candied Bacon Ice Cream .
And to think , my husband was n’t very excited about the class 🙂
Within minutes of popping the cake into the oven , the smell of warm bacon had wafted to our table .
Each slice is bursting with a range of salty and savory flavors and is even better the second day .
Serve it as an appetizer or as an after - work snack with a glass of Pinot Grigio .
Next to the Lemon Madeleines , it was our favorite treat from our educational and tasty trip to the great grocery mecca that is Central Market .
2010 Ford Transit Connect GM bets big on the Volt More Videos Find your next Car New
Used Select a Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes - Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Morgan Nissan Pontiac Porsche Rolls - Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select a Make Acura Aston Martin Audi BMW Bentley Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Eagle Ferrari Ford GMC Geo Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus MG Maserati Mazda Mercedes - Benz Mercury Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Rolls - Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo
New York ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Ford Motor Co. will introduce its first all - electric vehicle in 2010 , but it will be intended for business owners - not families .
The electric Transit Connect , a small van , will be offered in " select " U.S. Ford dealerships .
" The new Transit Connect light commercial vehicle with battery electric power represents the next logical step in our pursuit of even greater fuel economy and sustainability , " said Derrick Kuzak , Ford 's group vice president for global product development in a company announcement .
The van will able to to travel about 100 miles on a fully charged battery , according to Ford .
The introduction is part of a longer term electric - vehicle strategy that Ford announced at the Detroit Auto Show in January .
The plan also calls for a battery - powered small car in 2011 and " advanced hybrid " and plug - in hybrid vehicles in 2012 .
Non-electric Transit Connect vans will go on sale in the U.S. later this year as 2010 model year vehicles .
Ford ( F , Fortune 500 ) is marketing the van , which is powered by a 2.0 - liter four - cylinder engine , as a more fuel - efficient and space - efficient alternative to larger work vehicles , such as ford 's own E - series vans .
The Transit Connect has been sold in Europe since 2003 , but this will be the first time the van is available in the U.S.
Ford made some cosmetic changes to the van for its American introduction .
To create the electric Transit Connect , Ford is working with British firm Smith Electric Vehicles , which modifies existing commercial vehicles to use electric power .
Smith already offers its customers electric versions of the Transit Connect .
Several other carmakers will also be introducing plug - in vehicles next year .
General Motors ( GM , Fortune 500 ) plans to sell its " range extended " electric car , the Chevrolet Volt , which will run on batteries but also have a small gasoline engine to generate electricity for longer range .
Chrysler plans to sell a similar vehicle as well .
Toyota ( TM ) has also announced plans for a test fleet of plug - in Prius hybrids later this year , and Nissan ( NSANY ) plans to introduce an electric - only " city car " in 2010 .
It 's bonus time at Northern Rock !
Failed bank 's staff share £ 9 m pay day
' Crass ' : Staff will each get about £ 2,000
Disgraced bank Northern Rock will tomorrow lavish £ 9 million in bonuses on its staff - simply for repaying part of its bail - out loan from the Government on time .
The taxpayer - funded handout - equivalent to £ 2,000 for each worker - was labelled ‘ crass ’ and ‘ indefensible ’ last night .
The payout , which applies to all 4,400 staff at the Rock , is only the first stage in an incentive scheme that could see the state - owned bank pay more than £ 50 million to its workers over the next few years .
The figure does not even include the seven - figure bonus pool which senior executives will enjoy , less than 12 months after the Rock was brought to its knees and needed a £ 26 billion taxpayer - funded bail - out in February last year .
The Rock ’s new boss Gary Hoffman , 47 , who is one of Britain ’s best - paid civil servants on a basic salary of £ 700,000 , is also in line for a super - size handout .
Experts queried why the workers deserve bonuses simply for doing their job at a time when the rest of the country is facing the grim prospect of job losses or pay cuts .
Official figures published yesterday show unemployment rocketing to 1.92 million with 2,500 people every day being made redundant .
But Northern Rock ’s 4,400 workers will tomorrow enjoy a bumper pay day .
In addition to their normal monthly wage , a bonus worth 10 per cent of their salary will land in their bank account .
On an average salary of around £ 20,000 , this equals a bonus of £ 2,000 .
Staff can also look forward to another 10 per cent bonus in 2010 and 15 per cent in 2011 if the bank repays its government loan on schedule .
A fourth bonus , worth 25 per cent , will follow for lucky workers if the bank leaves state ownership and is successfully returned to the private sector .
For a worker on £ 20,000 , this means total bonus payments of around £ 12,000 .
Senior executives can expect bonuses rumoured to be worth 20 per cent of salary .
Unlike the bank ’s workers , their bonuses will not be paid tomorrow and have not yet been decided by the bank ’s remuneration committee .
Last night Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman Vince Cable said : ‘ This seems an extraordinary action from a state - owned bank which still owes billions to taxpayers .
‘ When millions of people are facing pay cuts , or worse , unemployment , this seems extremely crass and indefensible .
‘ This is bringing the worst of the City bonus culture into a public body .
The Government should step in to stop this now . ’
Matthew Elliott , chief executive of the campaign group TaxPayers ’
Alliance , said : ‘ This money does not grow on trees .
It comes from the pockets of taxpayers who are struggling to get by in a recession . ’
The bonus scheme is understood to have been agreed when the newly nationalised Rock submitted its business plan in March last year .
It was approved by the two state - appointed non-executive directors , Tom Scholar and Philip Remnant .
Many of those angered by the payouts are ordinary Northern Rock ‘ victims ’ : those who bought shares which are now worthless or homeowners who were foolishly allowed to take out ‘ super - size ’ loans which have left them facing repossession .
Last night , the Prime Minister refused to condemn the payments despite having previously repeatedly attacked the banking industry ’s bonus culture .
Today , Financial Services Authority chairman Lord Turner defended the payout , insisting it was not the same as rewarding ' fat cat ' bankers .
' Those people were given a promise .
These are ordinary workers who have done the job they have been told to do which was the job people thought was the sensible thing at the time , ' he said .
' I think it would be unfair not to give what are relatively modest sums of money and completely detached from fat cat bonuses in trading rooms . '
This is n't safe for work and it has some nudity so if you are faint of heart or do n't appreciate things like this please do n't watch it .
At the same time it is a work of art .
That leaves almost two - thirds of the deterioration , $ 129 billion , explained by the reversal of the budget 's automatic stabilisers as the economy switched from continued growth to sharp downturn .
Less - than - projected growth in tax collections accounted for almost all of the cyclical deterioration .
( Note that of the now - projected total deterioration of $ 197 billion , $ 79 billion represents the elimination of projected surpluses , leaving $ 118 billion for the accumulation of projected deficits . )
This is comforting news because , as the economically literate know , what the automatic stabilisers take away now they can be expected in due course to bring back .
So , on the face of it , we really need to worry only about the eventual reversal of the Rudd Government 's discretionary tax and spending decisions - accounting for less than 60 per cent of the projected deficits ( $ 68 billion out of $ 118 billion ) .
And here there 's more comforting news .
First , Wayne Swan has been at pains to ensure the stimulus measures taken to date - including the $ 10 billion cash splash in December and the latest $ 42 billion package - are once - only measures with no continuing drag on the budget ( apart from the interest payable on the money borrowed to fund the stimulatory spending , until such time as the debt is repaid ) .
Swan was even careful to ensure the deals done to get the $ 42 billion package through the Senate did n't involve any " permanent " tax cut or lasting increase in spending .
The decision to ease the cash assets test applied before people become eligible to receive the dole , for instance , will last only for two years until March 2011 , when the old test will return .
Of course , we 're far from out of the woods yet , so there 's plenty of time for the Government to be making decisions - whether or not in the name of fiscal stimulus - with ongoing implications for the budget .
That 's why a second fact is comforting .
It 's received remarkably little attention , considering how much fuss the Opposition has being making about leaving debt for our grandchildren .
At the time he announced the $ 42 billion package , Swan also committed the Government to a framework intended to return the budget to surplus .
" As the economy recovers , and grows above trend , " he promised , " the Government will take action to return the budget to surplus by allowing the level of tax receipts to recover naturally as the economy improves , while maintaining the Government 's commitment to keep taxation as a share of gross domestic product below the 2007 - 08 level [ 25.3 per cent ] on average ; and holding real growth in spending to 2 per cent a year until the budget returns to surplus . "
There 's no call to be sceptical about this commitment .
The Hawke - Keating government was always seeking to limit the size of its budget by setting itself trilogies and targets , and it mostly stuck to them .
Lindsay Tanner has denied that this commitment would involve any increases in tax rates .
Sure - but two words spring to mind : bracket creep .
Does this mean we can rest easy about the budget 's eventual return to surplus ?
Unfortunately , no .
Buried beneath the face of things is a problem .
The Howard government delivered an unprecedented five annual income - tax cuts in a row then , in the 2007 election campaign , promised another three .
Mr Rudd said me - too to this promise and delivered the first of them last July .
Taken together , these six tax cuts reduced tax collections by a lot more than the effect of bracket creep , meaning they produced a significant real reduction in the burden of income tax .
The huge cumulative cost to revenue of these cuts was covered while keeping the budget in healthy surplus , thanks to the massive growth in company tax collections brought about by the resources boom .
In other words , in its last five years , the Howard government brought about a major change in the structure of our tax system , greatly increasing our reliance on company tax and greatly reducing our reliance on income tax .
That would have been fine had the rise in commodity prices and hence company tax receipts been permanent .
But we now know how temporary they proved to be .
This suggests it may be quite a struggle to get the budget back to balance .
Chris Richardson , of Access Economics , who has been warning for years about the riskiness of the tax rebalancing , says the new shape of the income - tax scale has taken much of the former bite out of bracket creep .
He now warns that , after the tax cuts already legislated for ( and already included in the budget 's forward estimates ) , it may take as long as a decade before the government of the day is able to afford another tax cut .
This is the budget time - bomb John Howard and Peter Costello left for their Labor successors .
Not quite the good budget managers they keep telling us they were .
But this leaves a challenge for Kevin Rudd and Swan .
Knowing the budget difficulties that lie ahead , why get yourself in deeper by going ahead with the now plainly unaffordable tax cuts scheduled for this July and next ?
Those tax cuts are biased in favour of individuals earning more than $ 80,000 a year , yielding princely savings of just $ 2.88 a week to low - income earners .
They 're inequitable and utterly contrary to all the ( sound ) arguments Labor has been using to reject the Opposition 's claim that bringing the tax cuts forward would be the best way to stimulate demand .
Does Rudd have the courage to partially defuse the ticking bomb the Coalition left for him , or will a misguided desire to keep his promises under changed circumstances cause him to make matters worse ?
Ross Gittins is the Herald 's Economics Editor .
Mary Evans
DICTATORS and authoritarians will disagree , but democracies work better .
It has long been held that decisions made collectively by large groups of people are more likely to turn out to be accurate than decisions made by individuals .
The idea goes back to the “ jury theorem ” of Nicolas de Condorcet , an 18th - century French philosopher who was one of the first to apply mathematics to the social sciences .
Now it is becoming clear that group decisions are also extremely valuable for the success of social animals , such as ants , bees , birds and dolphins .
And those animals may have a thing or two to teach people about collective decision - making .
Animals that live in groups make two sorts of choices : consensus decisions in which the group makes a single collective choice , as when house - hunting rock ants decide where to settle ; and combined decisions , such as the allocation of jobs among worker bees .
Condorcet 's theory describes consensus decisions , outlining how democratic decisions tend to outperform dictatorial ones .
If each member of a jury has only partial information , the majority decision is more likely to be correct than a decision arrived at by an individual juror .
Moreover , the probability of a correct decision increases with the size of the jury .
But things become more complicated when information is shared before a vote is taken .
People then have to evaluate the information before making a collective decision .
This is what bees do , and they do it rather well , according to Christian List of the London School of Economics , who has studied group decision - making in humans and animals along with Larissa Conradt of the University of Sussex , in England .
The runaway queen
In a study reported in a special issue of the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B , researchers led by Dr List looked at colonies of honeybees ( Apis mellifera ) , which in late spring or early summer divide once they reach a certain size .
The queen goes off with about two - thirds of the worker bees to live in a new home leaving a daughter queen in the nest with the remaining worker bees .
Among the bees that depart are scouts that search for the new nest site and report back using a waggle dance to advertise suitable locations .
The longer the dance , the better the site .
After a while , other scouts start to visit the sites advertised by their compatriots and , on their return , also perform more waggle dances .
The process eventually leads to a consensus on the best site and the swarm migrates .
The decision is remarkably reliable , with the bees choosing the best site even when there are only small differences between two alternatives .
But exactly how do bees reach such a robust consensus ?
To find out , Dr List and his colleagues made a computer model of the decision - making process .
By tinkering around with it they found that computerised bees that were very good at finding nesting sites but did not share their information dramatically slowed down the migration , leaving the swarm homeless and vulnerable .
Conversely , computerised bees that blindly followed the waggle dances of others without first checking whether the site was , in fact , as advertised , led to a swift but mistaken decision .
The researchers concluded that the ability of bees to identify quickly the best site depends on the interplay of bees ' interdependence in communicating the whereabouts of the best site and their independence in confirming this information .
This is something members of the European Parliament should think about .
In the same journal , Simon Hix , also of the London School of Economics , and his colleagues examined their voting and concluded that , as might be expected , it was along party - political lines even though the incentives to do so were far less than at national parliaments .
Dr Hix and his colleagues reckon that European parliamentarians share the collection of information but , unlike the honeybees , they do not necessarily progress to investigating the issues for themselves before taking a vote .
There is danger in blindly following the party line , a danger that the honeybees seem to avoid .
Condorcet 's theory fails to consider whether there is an inbuilt bias among a group that comes together to consider a problem .
This “ groupthink ” occurs when people copy one another .
According to Dr List : “ The swarm manages to block and prevent the kind of groupthink that can bedevil good decision making . ”
Dr List adds that people demonstrate this kind of bad decision - making when investors pile into a stock and others follow , creating a bubble for which there is no good reason .
Another form of groupthink occurs when people are either isolated from crucial sources of information or dominated by other members of the group , some of whom may have malevolent intent .
This too has now been demonstrated in animals .
José Halloy of the Free University of Brussels used robotic cockroaches to subvert the behaviour of living cockroaches and control their decision - making process .
In his experiment , reported in an earlier issue of Science , the artificial bugs were introduced to the real ones and soon became sufficiently socially integrated that they were perceived as equals .
By manipulating the robots , which were in the minority , he was able to persuade the cockroaches to choose an inappropriate shelter — even one which they had rejected before being infiltrated by machines .
Could this form the basis of a new way of catching them ?
The way animals make collective decisions can be complex .
Nigel Franks of the University of Bristol , in England , and his colleagues studied how a species of ants called Temnothorax albipennis establish a new nest .
In the Royal Society journal they report how the insects mitigate the disadvantages of making a swift choice .
If the ants ' existing nest becomes threatened , the insects send out scouts to seek a new one .
How quickly they accomplish this transfer depends not only on how soon the ants agree on the best available site but also on how quickly they can migrate there .
When a suitable place is identified , the scouts begin to lead other scouts , which had remained behind to guard the old nest , to the new site .
The problem is that if the decision is reached rapidly , as it might have to be in an emergency , then relatively few scouts know the route .
It would then take much longer to train all the scouts needed to achieve the transfer , which involves carrying the queen , the workers and the brood to the new nest .
Dr Franks and his colleagues identified a type of behaviour called “ reverse tandem runs ” that makes the process more efficient .
During the carrying phase of migration , the scouts lead other scouts back along the quickest route to the old nest so that more scouts become familiar with the route .
Thus the dynamics of collective decision - making are closely entwined with the implementation of these decisions .
How this might pertain to choices that people might make is , as yet , unclear .
But it does indicate the importance of recruiting active leaders to a cause because , as the ants and bees have discovered , the most important thing about collective decision - making is to get others to follow .
WASHINGTON --
The U.S. government 's rescue of the financial system is vulnerable to fraud that could potentially cost taxpayers tens of billions of dollars , government watchdogs warned lawmakers Tuesday .
Neil Barofsky , the special inspector general for the $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program , told a House subcommittee that the government 's experiences in the reconstruction of Iraq , hurricane - relief programs and the 1990s savings - and - loan bailout suggest the rescue program could be ripe for fraud .
He ...
Not All ETFs are Good Investments
ETFs have been advertised as one of the best investment tools for the retail investors to easily take advantage of investment themes .
With its low expense fees , high liquidity and flexibility , what ’s not to like right ?
Ever since the original ETFs came on the market ( SPY , QQQ , DIA just to name a few ) , tons of ETFs have been created for virtually every way of investing you can think of .
There ’s one for investing in gold ( GLD ) , another for investing in Hong Kong index ( EWH ) , and there ’s even one to short markets like the financials ( SKF ) .
Be careful with ETFs
If you are like most people , then you probably invest in ETFs just based on the name .
This is extremely dangerous !
Let me explain by using the UltraShort Real Estate ProShares ( SRS ) as an example .
You ’d think that with housing down huge this year , this ETF that uses leverage to short the market will be up big right ?
Wrong !
In fact , with the Dow Jones US real estate index down about 40 % this year , SRS is down almost 50 % YTD !
Reading the Fine Print
So what ’s the deal ?
Well , if you read the fine print , you will see that SRS aims to double the real estate index ’s daily performance , not double the long term performance !
So , if volatility is high , virtually all gains are wiped out !
The funny thing is that this ETF actually has a yield which does n’t make sense at all !
Dividends are supposed to be paid by investors shorting that particular stock , so why would an ETF that short a market be able to provide a yield when it should be paying a yield back ?
Takeaway for Investors
It ’s unclear why so many of these ETFs are allowed to exist because it does nothing to help investors gain confidence in this market .
Before you seriously consider any ETF from now on , it is crucial to examine the fund profile and to fully understand how each ETF makes or loses its money before putting your hard earned money into the market .
Do n’t ever buy into an ETF based on its name ever again !
Promote or Save This Article
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
Print It | Email This | Del.icio.us | Stumble it !
| Reddit |
Related Posts
When Ramsey Kanaan launched the anarchist publishing company AK Press 25 years ago , he created a truly egalitarian business model : no hierarchies ; no staggered wages ; no CEOs making decisions in far - removed corporate offices .
In fact , all decisions would generate from within , and only be implemented after a majority - rule vote .
Such a system , while idealistic , seemed the only way for Kanaan to properly apply his personal politics to the business .
A committed anarchist who had grown up in the punk scene , Kanaan could n't envision any work setting that did n't embrace democracy — even if the term " anarchist business " seems counterintuitive ( as AK readily points out on its web site ) .
After all , if you can't find equality in the business world , why not impose it ?
His idea proved successful , and to this day , AK still operates as a worker - run collective with chapters in Oakland and Stirling , Scotland .
But Kanaan jumped ship in 2007 to form PM
Press , a similarly styled publishing enterprise run by a group of like - minded anarchists , most of whom had been affiliated with AK at one time or another .
The difference , he said , is that PM is willing to explore new media and new modes of distribution , and expand beyond the hard copy realm .
Kanaan had tried for several years to bring his new vision of publishing to the folks at AK , but he could never get the majority to go along with him .
Eventually , Kanaan got tired of being overruled .
The democratic system he had set up was the thing that drove him out in the end .
Kanaan said it 's for the better .
The 42 - year - old veteran publisher currently runs PM from his small West Oakland apartment , whose wall - to - wall bookshelves brim with titles that reflect his radical sensibility : Inside Hamas ; Tolstoy the Rebel ; I , Shithead : A Life in Punk .
It 's an incredibly small , all - volunteer operation ; Kanaan said he plans to start paying wages this year .
If you call the phone number on PM's web site , you 'll reach Kanaan 's home answering machine .
He processes orders at home , manually tallies his inventory , and conducts most business on his personal computer .
About six people participate in the day - to - day editorial decisions at PM , and tag - team on editing and copyediting .
Kanaan and fellow Oakland resident Dan Fedorenko are the de facto customer service reps , and Fedorenko handles most of the mail orders .
Because of its size the group makes decisions collectively , using a model that 's similar to , if not more liberal than , the one at AK .
It 's worked so far because they pretty much agree on everything , said Kanaan — including the fact that no one 's in there for the money or the glory .
Material gains were never part of publishing for Kanaan , who got into the business at age thirteen in his hometown of Stirling .
He had just gotten into punk rock and anarchism , two counterculture movements that seemed intertwined , he said .
" I was playing in a punk rock band and I started selling fanzines .
As I got exposed to more overtly political literature , I started selling that . "
Kanaan describes himself as less a self - taught impresario than a very inquisitive sponge .
" I was the annoying fifteen - year - old who would go up to people and bug them and say , ' How do you do this , and how does this work ? ' "
Kanaan recalled .
" I 'd walk into a bookstore with a bag of stuff to sell , and say , ' Hey , do you want to buy some , Mister ? '
They 'd say , ' Actually you have to make an appointment with the buyer . '
I 'd say , ' Oh , okay .
Can I make an appointment with the buyer then , please ? '
I 'd come back next Tuesday .
I have no experience other than trial and error . "
He founded AK Press in the mid-'80s and named it for his mother , Ann Kanaan .
Initially a one - man mail - order business run out of Kanaan 's house in Stirling , it became a genuine worker collective in 1989 .
That year Kanaan traveled to the US with his punk band , Political Asylum , on a tour that culminated in San Francisco .
There they attended a week - long anarchist conference called Without Borders , and played a rowdy warehouse show at 17th and Shotwell streets in the Mission .
Kanaan was bedazzled .
He ate his first burrito at Pancho Villa 's and became an instant fan of taqueria food .
Not to mention he was enamored of San Francisco 's warehouse punk scene .
( The concept of " playing in someone 's house " was novel . )
Five years later , Kanaan managed to convince the other folks at AK that the company did enough business in the US to open a San Francisco chapter , and that he would shoulder the onerous burden of moving out there .
At that time , said Kanaan , AK was still ahead of the curve in terms of exploiting new technology .
AK was one of the first businesses to record lectures onto CD and distribute them to record stores .
Not to mention the company had a web site and e-mail addresses pretty early on , thanks to some friends at MIT .
( Kanaan began using e-mail in 1995 , back when most people 's addresses were " insane clunky things with 27 digits and numbers . " )
In 2000 , AK was dot - commed out of San Francisco and forced to move to its current West Oakland location — an old auto parts warehouse on San Pablo Avenue .
Low overhead and strong name recognition helped it weather the turbulent economy for a while , but as time wore on AK stopped making technological innovations .
For years the company survived on a fairly simple , indie - bookstore format : A catalog comprising books , ' zines , gear , pamphlets , and DVDs , combined with regular events ( lectures and book sales ) that lured people out to the store .
As people started getting more information online , Kanaan found it necessary to update that formula .
He wanted AK to record its lectures and sell them as digital downloads .
He thought the collective should expand its inventory to include fiction novels and e-books , plus a wide selection of music CDs and DVDs .
He initiated several discussions about increasingly AK 's presence online , but said most of them went nowhere .
Kanaan could n't convince his comrades to respond to the exigencies of a rapidly changing industry .
And over time , he said , it got harder and harder to maneuver within the entrenched democracy of AK .
" My problems with AK are not with the decision - making structure , it 's just that at a certain point , there 's only so long that someone can be in the minority , " Kanaan said .
" We had a difference of opinion as to how to proceed . "
Ultimately , he said , it was an amicable split .
In a recent e-mail , AK Press member Suzanne Shaffer assured that the two publishing companies still work closely together , and that there 's no bad blood between them :
" We make all our publishing decisions democratically , so of course we do n't always agree on everything and getting outvoted sometimes is a fact of life , " wrote Shaffer .
" Ramsey did have lots of ideas for titles he wanted to publish , and some of them fell outside of AK 's sphere ( as a collective , we prioritize publishing anarchist history and theory ) . "
PM Press was born of a 25 - year itch .
It has all the attributes that helped AK at its inception : inexhaustible creativity ; a staff of idealists willing to volunteer their time ; imaginative ways of bringing print to the digital realm .
In its first year of existence the company published roughly a dozen books , including comics , a crime novel series called Geek Mafia , a photo anthology of graffiti by the UK aerosol artist Banksy , and a book of postcards by Eric Drooker , all of which are available as e-books .
The new collective also produced a slew of CDs and DVDs , and plans to implement more ideas in the coming year , such as author blogs , downloads , and book " extras " ( i.e. , supplemental interviews and commentary ) .
Kanaan said he 's happy to no longer be pigeonholed as " anarchist " ( both a blessing and a curse for AK ) , and to be interacting with new forms of media .
He 's also pleased that most of his ideas actually see the light of day .
" It 's not that I want to be a dictator , " said the publisher , explaining that PM is in fact more collectively minded than AK .
It 's just easier to run a collective when everyone agrees with you .
More options on the way for watching Netflix ( NFLX ) streaming movies in your living room :
Beginning this spring , Korean electronics giant LG will build Netflix streaming directly into some of its plasma and LCD HDTVs , the companies will announce today .
This means that Netflix subscribers will be able to stream more than 12,000 movies and TV shows on their TVs without a separate set - top box or a PC .
The move puts Netflix -- for convenience , at least -- ahead of its Internet streaming rivals like Amazon ( AMZN ) and Apple ( AAPL ) , which require set - top boxes or computers for their movie streaming / rental services .
( It 's especially helpful if you do n't have any more hi-def inputs available on your TV . )
It 's possible Amazon or Apple could announce similar partnerships .
( Indeed , as a commenter reminds us , Amazon already has one with Sony . )
Or perhaps Apple will make its own TVs at some point .
But so far , Netflix leads here , especially if it can get other companies like Samsung and Panasonic to build similar TVs .
More deals like this could also eventually put some pressure on cable companies like Comcast ( CMCSA ) to increase their on - demand libraries -- especially the stuff that 's available for free .
What we do n't know yet :
How much LG will charge for the TVs .
If they 're standard fare , we could see this boosting Netflix 's subscriber count .
If they 're overpriced , it probably wo n't help .
Likewise , while Netflix 's streaming service is solid and keeps getting better , it would be most useful if the TVs were capable of streaming other Internet video , such as video from Hulu , Google 's ( GOOG ) YouTube , etc .
Today , Netflix and its partners offer several set - top box options for streaming Netflix movies , including LG and Samsung Blu-ray disc players , TiVo ( TIVO ) DVRs , Roku set - top boxes , and Microsoft ( MSFT ) Xbox 360 game consoles .
See Also :
Vudu Slashes Price On Movie Streaming Box , Toast Anyway ?
Netflix : Blowing Away Our Low Expectations
Boxee Adds Netflix Movie Streaming , Keeps Getting Better
Dr Ali Larijani ( r ) is a close follower of Ayatollah Khamenei
As the secretary of Iran 's Supreme National Security Council until his recent resignation , Ali Larijani was the main negotiator on major foreign policy issues such as talks on Iran 's nuclear programme .
He is a conservative and is a close follower of the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who appointed him to the security council in 2004 for a three - year term .
In 2005 he was appointed the council 's head by the new President , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who won an election in which Mr Larijani was also a candidate .
But his openness towards negotiations on Iran 's nuclear programme put him at odds with the president .
Ayatollah Khamenei had previously appointed Mr Larijani to head Iranian state radio and TV in 1994 - a post he held for 10 years .
Before that , Mr Larijani served in President Akbar Hashemi -Rafsanjani's government as Minister of Culture and Islamic Guidance .
His appointment to head the security council , replacing moderate , pragmatic cleric Hassan Rouhani , was seen by analysts as a signal that Iran was preparing to harden its stance on the nuclear issue .
Morality
As radio and TV chief Mr Larijani tried to curb foreign cultural influence over young Iranians by cutting imported programmes from schedules .
In January 2004 this led some 150 reformist MPs to criticise IRIB for causing Iranians to turn to the foreign media .
If reforms are not undertaken for the sake of religion , justice and morality , they do not constitute reforms
Ali Larijani
Send us your comments
The deputies also complained at what they saw as IRIB 's pro-conservative bias in the run-up to the elections .
Larijani responded saying that deputies ' protests only played into the hands of foreigners .
Even the president 's office has criticised the state broadcaster for censoring presidential statements .
One complaint came after President Khatami and Majlis speaker Mehdi Karrubi described a move by the Guardian Council to ban reformists from the February 2004 elections as " unworthy " .
This did not get a mention .
Mr Larijani in turn has accused reformists of undermining Islamic values .
" If reforms are not undertaken for the sake of religion , justice and morality , they do not constitute reforms , " he said , according to the Tose 'eh daily .
And he has blamed reformists for corruption and neglect of the economy .
" You can not create reforms with hungry people , " he said , quoted by Tose 'eh .
" Some 75 % of the Iranian people 's demands are economic ... and only 5 % cultural and political . "
Defending the Islamic focus of his programmes , he says this complies with " the policies and directions of the supreme leader " .
His efforts to promote Islamic broadcasting are exemplified by the setting up , in 2003 , of two Arabic - language TV stations , al - Alam and Sahar , and a 24 - hour external radio network .
The stations have proved popular in Iraq .
BBC Monitoring , based in Caversham in southern England , selects and translates information from radio , television , press , news agencies and the Internet from 150 countries in more than 70 languages .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
How deeply does Nintendo 's tendrils penetrate Japanese society ?
So deeply that this wanted poster was spotted in Kanagawa , and instead of a traditional composite sketch , what 's that we have there ?
A Mii portrait ??
Advertisement
No word on the suspect 's Wii fit rating , or his preference of dogs vs. cats , in Everybody Votes , but , goddamn , I do n't think any joke can improve on this .
There it is , too good to be true .
[ Zaeega via Kotaku , Danny Choo ]
“ The only thing worse than being talked about , ” said Oscar Wilde , “ is not being talked about . ”
That has until recently applied in spades to Steve Jobs of Apple , a guy who , when I ’ve interviewed him , has always asked what other people have said about him , “ especially the bad stuff . ”
Steve is a guy who likes being talked about .
He likes it so much , in fact , that he ’s adopted a strategy to encourage it .
This strategy involves very carefully doling - out bits of himself to the press not in an effort to discourage coverage , really , but to ENcourage it by limiting the supply .
Like everything else about Steve it is brilliant and cold .
This was the case until Steve Jobs got sick , of course , at which point he went from skillfully managing the press to just as skillfully avoiding it .
I wonder why ?
What did he have to fear about the world knowing he ’d been ill ?
It ’s probably just an artifact of his obsessive need to control .
Whatever the reason , ever since his bout with pancreatic cancer in 2004 , Steve and his Apple minions have tried valiantly to keep his health condition out of the news , citing it as a “ private matter . ”
Except of course it is n’t a private matter at all .
Steve is the CEO of Apple , Apple is an enormous publicly - held company , and many Apple investors are onboard ( or remain onboard ) specifically because of their confidence in Steve as a sort of high tech rainmaker .
This is a concept that over time Jobs and Apple have done absolutely nothing to discourage or dispel .
And so now I ( and the SEC from what I hear ) believe Steve and Apple have to live with it .
Steve Jobs ’ health is material to Apple and to Apple shareholders .
To say that having taken a six - month leave of absence changes that would be wrong .
What WOULD change that would be Jobs ’ resignation , which he has n’t yet given to the Apple board .
As long as Steve is still intending to return to Apple , his health is material to the company and should be disclosed .
Whatever Apple claims about privacy and however much whining and threatening Steve does to reporters by e-mail and phone , his condition remains squarely on the table , hot and steaming and ready to be served - up , as it should be .
Maybe he wants it that way .
Maybe this is just more of the same limiting supply to increase demand .
It ’s possible but I simply do n’t know .
Now look , we ’re nine paragraphs into this story and I ’m finally getting to the lead , which should have been in the first graf .
But by now you understand why I have to do it this way , because you do n’t give out unseemly news ( at least I do n’t give out unseemly news ) without putting it in some proper context .
The eight grafs above explain why I feel it is important to say that Steve Jobs has stopped using his computer .
Huh ?
Steve Jobs has stopped using his computer .
He ’s off curing himself of something he wo n’t name and in some manner we can’t know but I CAN tell you right now it does n’t involve using his computer .
A friend of mine has for years been one of Steve Jobs ’ Internet chat buddies .
And as such his chat client has – again for years – shown as Steve came online each day and remained there for hours and hours as you ’d expect a Silicon Valley mogul to do .
And it ’s a trend that continued well past Jobs ’ announcement that he was taking a six - month leave of absence to get well .
But then Steve started logging - on less and less .
And several weeks ago he stopped logging - on at all .
Silence .
No big deal , right ?
He ’s off the clock ; Cook and Schiller are fighting for the tiller ; Apple ’s in good hands ; who cares ?
Anyone cares who actually expects Steve Jobs to return to Apple .
By Leo Babauta
As you sit here reading these words , you are breathing … stop for a moment and notice this breath .
You could control the breath , and make it behave as you like … or you can simply let yourself breathe .
There is peace in just letting your body breathe , without having to do anything about it .
Now imagine letting the your hands breathe .
Just let them be , without having to control them .
Just let them breathe .
Now look around you , and notice what else is in the room with you .
See each object , and let it breathe .
If there are any people in the room with you , in your building , or in nearby buildings our houses … see them in your mind and let them breathe .
When you let them breathe , you just let them be , exactly as they are .
You do n’t need to change them , do n’t need to control them , do n’t need to improve them .
You just let them breathe , in peace , and you accept that .
You might even smile at this breathing .
As you go through your day , let everything breathe .
Let yourself breathe .
There is no need to do anything .
You do n’t expect anything from anything or anybody .
Just let them come as they come , let them go as they go .
Just appreciate everything and everybody as they are , miracles of existence , breathing in the soft air of the world , and smile at this joyful manifestation of love .
The True Story of the Telephone
I grew up in Highland Park , Illinois , just down the street from where the telephone was invented .
I now live in Cambridge , Massachusetts , just down the street from where it was stolen .
Seth Shulman ’s recent book The Telephone Gambit lays out the clearest case yet of how it all happened .
Here ’s the summary :
Alexander Graham Bell ( or Aleck Bell , as he was then called ) was the son of Alexander Melville Bell , the inventor of a system of phonic notation called Visible Speech .
The elder Bell would use Aleck as an assistant in his demonstrations :
After sending Aleck to wait in another room , Mr. Bell would ask the audience for a word or strange noise then write it in Visible Speech .
Aleck would return and reproduce the sound from the writing alone .
Voila .
As a child growing up like this , he played at inventing machines that could talk and telegraphs that could listen .
But he found his career in tutoring the deaf — by teaching them to pronounce the phonemes of Visible Speech , he eventually succeeded in teaching them to talk and read lips .
One of his students was Mabel Hubbard , daughter of prominent Boston lawyer Gardiner Greene Hubbard .
Son of a Massachusetts Supreme Court Justice , Hubbard established water and gas and trolley utilities for Cambridge , Mass . — some of the first in the nation .
He also fervently lobbied Congress to replace Western Union ’s monopoly on the telegraph with a new corporation , the US Postal Telegraph Company , that would contract with the government Post Office .
At the time , telegraph wires blanketed the skies of Boston , hanging in a dense web above the buildings .
Many desperately wished for someone to develop a telegraph that could send multiple messages over the same wire , so that many wires could be replaced with just one .
The theory was that if one could transmit the messages using different tones , they would “ harmonize ” instead of interfere , leading the idea to be called the “ harmonic telegraph ” .
Naturally , Alexander Graham Bell turned his tinkering to this problem and persuaded Hubbard ( as well as Thomas Sanders , another father of a Bell student ) to finance his research in exchange for a share of any future US profits .
Further complicating matters ,
Bell had fallen in love with his student , Mabel Hubbard .
Mr. Hubbard made it clear he did not approve of such a marriage unless Bell made a profitable discovery .
But Bell was simply a hobbyist , the real research was being done by a man named Elisha Gray .
Gray ran Western Electric , the leading supplier of technical expertise to telegraph monopoly Western Union .
From his lab in Highland Park , Illinois , he and his assistants worked feverishly at new discoveries .
Bell was well aware of this and considered himself to be in a race with Gray to invent the harmonic telegraph first .
In 1875 , Bell made a breakthrough in his work on the harmonic telegraph .
But he was a crafty fellow — his deal with Gardiner and Sanders was only about splitting US profits ; it said nothing about profits overseas .
British law at the time granted patents only to inventions not patented elsewhere first , so Bell drew up several copies of his harmonic telegraph patent and sent some to be filed in Britain first .
The rest were sent to DC to be filed as soon as word got back from Britain .
On February 14 , 1876 , while the lawyers were waiting in DC to file Bell ’s patent , Gray filed a patent of his own .
Bell ’s lawyers were close to the patent officers and had asked to be tipped off if Gray tried to file something , so they could file Bell ’s patent first .
When Gray ’s patent was placed in the patent office ’s inbox , Bell ’s lawyers hand - delivered Bell ’s patent to the examiner , so they could claim he ’d received Bell ’s first .
The patent examiner , Zenas Fisk Wilber , had fought in the civil war with Bell ’s attorney , Marcellus Bailey .
Wilber was an alcoholic and owed Bailey money ( a serious Patent Office ethics violation ) .
To pay his friend back , he showed him Gray ’s application .
Bailey was startled to find it was n’t a patent on a harmonic telegraph at all — it was a patent for a telephone , capable of transmitting all the sounds of human speech and music .
He called for Bell to come to DC at once .
Bell did , and examiner Wilber showed him Gray ’s patent as well , taking time to explain how it worked .
Bell thanked him and returned that afternoon with $ 100 for his trouble .
Bell then quickly scribbled an addition to his patent in the margin , adding that it should also cover “ transmitting vocal or other sounds telegraphically ” ( this addition does not appear in any of the other copies ) .
Contravening much standard practice at the time , Bell ’s ( modified ) patent was quickly granted , while Gray ’s was denied .
It was issued the same day Bell returned home from DC , March 7 , 1876 .
The following day , Bell drew in his lab notebook a copy of the diagram he had seen in Elisha Gray ’s patent :
It took Bell several days of tinkering , but soon he was able to replicate Gray ’s device .
On March 10 , he made that now - famous call : “ Watson — come here — I want to see you . ”
Both Bell and his assistant Watson recorded the event that night in their notebooks .
But Bell did n’t want to simply duplicate Gray ’s work ; he wanted to invent a telephone of his own .
He spent many months trying to develop a telephone that worked on a different principle , but never succeeded in getting it to clearly transmit audible speech .
Bell was always extraordinarily reluctant to demonstrate his telephone , for fear that Gray would learn it was a simple copy .
Mabel had to trick him into attending the Centennial Exposition , where he was supposed to demonstrate his work to a group of engineers , including Elisha Gray .
On one occasion , Bell ’s telephone patent was set to be annulled unless Bell would swear under oath that the invention was truly his .
Bell fled the country , testifying only at the last minute after desperate pleading from Mabel .
The legal conniving a success , Bell and Mabel were soon married .
Feeling guilty , Bell gave all but ten of his shares in the Bell Telephone Company to her and swore to never work in telephony again .
The company was operated by Gardiner and others while Bell went back to working with the deaf .
He always said he was more proud of his work for the deaf than of the telephone .
It took Gray a long time to realize that Bell ’s patent was a fraud .
For one thing , he was still focused on the harmonic telegraph ; his customers at Western Union could n’t imagine running telephone wires to every house and thus could n’t see how talking over wires was particularly useful .
For another , it took years for the story to leak out , through numerous court battles and Congressional hearings .
Zenas Fisk Wilber ’s affidavit confessing to what he ’d done did not appear until 1886 , a decade later .
Bell ’s notebooks , making clear the blatant copy , were not made public until the 1990s .
Bell ’s biographers have gone to heroic lengths to explain away all the evidence .
Refusing credit for the telephone just showed Bell ’s humility ; not being involved in the corporation showed his dedication to pure research .
The fact that both patents were filed on the same day is a grand historic coincidence — or perhaps Gray stole the idea from Bell .
As a result , Gray is forgotten and Bell is remembered as one of history ’s great inventors — not as he should be : a hobbyist and a fraud , forced by love into stealing one of the greatest inventions of all time .
Now playing : Regina Spector - “ On The Radio ”
You should follow me on twitter here .
January 5 , 2009
Tags
[ On November 1 , 2008 , Pascal Salin received the Gary Schlarbaum Prize for lifetime achievement in liberty .
This is a lightly edited version of the lecture he delivered on the occasion , first published in Libertarian Papers , a new online journal of libertarian scholarship published by the Mises Institute .
See the abstract and download options .
An MP3 audio file of the lecture is also available for download . ]
I cannot begin my lecture without first expressing my deep gratitude to the Mises Institute , which honors me so much by presenting me the Gary G. Schlarbaum Award .
And my gratitude is also addressed to Mr. Gary Schlarbaum who so generously founded this award .
Receiving this award is certainly one of the greatest achievements I could dream of in my professional life .
I highly appreciate the recognition you thus offer to me and the support you give to me , all the more so since I live in a country , my country , France , which has been home to some of the most convincing classical - liberal thinkers , but which is now , unhappily , one of the most socialist countries in the world .
And I feel honored because I have tremendous admiration for Lew Rockwell and the outstanding work he has done , as well as for the staff of the Mises Institute and all those who support it , whether academics or members of the business community who have understood that clear principles are essential for the peaceful development of societies and , also , for their day - to - day lives .
The Mises Institute can be considered the center of the world for those who cherish liberty .
I can testify that , outside the United States , the Mises Institute brings a unique intellectual support to all those who are longing for a rigorous analysis in the defense of a free world and who could feel so isolated — in the absence of such a support — that they might become doubtful about the relevance of their own thinking .
Unhappily , I had not heard of the Mises Institute until late in my academic career , and I am somewhat jealous of all these young scholars who have the unique chance of being educated through the seminars and publications of the Mises Institute .
However , from another point of view , I was lucky not to have known the Mises Institute at the dawn of my professional life , since , in the French intellectual context , I would have never been appointed as a professor … .
The title of my presentation refers to Austrian economics .
In fact , I would like to deliver some thoughts along the lines of Austrian economics , mainly , but not exclusively , about the working of monetary systems , a topic which has been splendidly developed in the present conference .
But I would also like — as it has been suggested to me — to explain how I happened to discover Austrian economics and to draw some lessons from my intellectual trip in the world of individual liberty .
I. The Coherence of Austrian Economics
For many years I had been an Austrian economist without knowing it .
But when I did discover Austrian economics , I was amazed , because economics appeared as it ought to be : not as a patchwork of partial theories , of different fields of thought without any link between them , but as a logical process of thought founded on realistic assumptions about individual action .
Economics became coherent .
As Mises rightly wrote , " There are no such things as ' economics of labor ' or ' economics of agriculture . '
There is only one coherent body of economics . "
He could have added , " There is no such thing as microeconomics and macroeconomics . "
Thus , when I was asked to write a textbook on macroeconomics , I was first tempted to decline the offer .
But , I finally accepted it , because it gave me an opportunity to express the view that it is impossible to understand so - called macroeconomic problems — such as inflation , unemployment , growth — without referring to individual behavior .
What is fascinating in economics — or , at least in Austrian economics — and which does not exist in other fields of knowledge , such as physics or biology , is the fact that all economics can be deduced from one single principle , the axiom of action or the principle of individual rationality .
In physics there can be a change of paradigm , a complete intellectual revolution with a complete change in the basic assumptions .
This cannot happen in economics : it is meaningless to try to develop an economic theory based on the assumption that man is not acting or that individuals are basically irrational !
The founding principles of economics are eternal and universal , and it is completely foolish to believe that there can be a specific economic theory dependent on specific conditions of time or place ( contrary to what a French professor believed when he wrote a textbook with the title Economics for Arab People ) .
I , for long , taught a course on the theory of monetary systems and international monetary systems .
But , when beginning the course , I would warn the students : " By teaching this course , I do not mainly intend to make you learn ideas and facts about the international monetary system .
I just take this specific field as an example of the economic way of thinking . "
And I demonstrated to them how , starting from the assumption that individuals are rational , one could logically deduce how monetary systems could develop and be spontaneously organized .
I explained to them that , in order to fully understand the working of monetary systems , what was important was not to focus on monetary techniques , but to have a coherent theory of competition , monopolies , and cartels .
In other words , there is not on the one hand a theory of competition and on the other hand a theory of monetary systems .
There is one single economic theory .
" It is impossible to understand so - called macroeconomic problems without referring to individual behavior . "
However , there is a strange phenomenon in economic theory : although all economists start from the same basic assumption — that of a rational individual who is able to make choices — there are a lot of different and even completely opposite economic schools .
It seems to be a paradox , since , if economists are starting from the same initial assumptions and if they are able to reason logically , they ought to arrive at the same conclusions .
I will not elaborate on this fundamental problem right now .
But let me just stress the following : at the very beginning of economic textbooks and treatises , one always finds a chapter on the behavior of the consumer and one about the behavior of the producer , as if they were two different persons with differing behaviors .
This is in full contrast with the coherent view of Ludwig von Mises about human action : a man is an acting individual who acts ( or produces ) to obtain satisfaction .
Mainstream economics is thus full of such inconsistencies — for instance when defining an optimal quantity of money or developing a theory of economic policy — and only Austrian economics is rigorously coherent .
Now , if it is so , one may wonder why Austrian economics is not recognized as purely and simply economics — in contrast with opinions , prejudices , and value judgments .
This is a great mystery .
But one explanation may be that Austrian economics , precisely , itself is at odds with common prejudices and people cannot accept that .
But , paradoxically , instead of recognizing the scientific character of Austrian economics , they quite often blame this approach as ideological .
II .
My Journey Towards Austrian Economics
It is this outstanding coherence of Austrian economics which is so appealing to me and which has been since I discovered it .
Let me , therefore , go back to my past and say some words about my intellectual journey , although I do not like to speak about myself .
But , it was suggested to me to do so in the present speech .
When I was a schoolboy or a student at the university , there were no strong ideological debates in public opinion , as people generally accepted a sort of mild social - democratic approach .
However , in intellectual circles and at the university , Marxism was more or less the mainstream doctrine .
Personally , even as a child , I have been strongly anticommunist and I could never understand Marxism , which seemed to me to be completely incoherent and arbitrary .
But I must confess that , in such an environment , I had anyhow a socialist leaning .
As part of my family was of the Christian - democrat tradition , I shared the view that social justice was one of the main roles of the state and that public firms should be managed in the public interest .
Before me there had never been an economist in my family .
Therefore , my decision to become an economist was rather surprising .
How did it come about ?
I wanted to understand how large differences in levels of development between countries were possible .
Moreover , I had some spontaneous interest in social problems and I wanted to understand how a society works .
The education I received at the university was far from what students in economics get now .
It was a sort of mix of good feelings , history of economics , and some concepts of economic theory more or less well interpreted .
Mathematics , statistics , and econometrics were introduced only at the end of the curriculum .
In spite of this rather defective education , I got two important things from it .
First , I discovered that economic theory does exist and that it is the only way to understand economic reality .
From that time I got the conviction — which I have always tried to hand down to my students — that there is nothing more practical than theory .
Second , I understood from microeconomics that you cannot understand the workings of a society without referring to individual behavior .
Anyhow , I was unsatisfied because I had the feeling that economic theory did exist and was taught in many other countries , but I had not a sufficient knowledge of it .
Happily , this same feeling of dissatisfaction was shared by some other students from my university whom I knew .
In December 1961 , we decided to work together to learn on our own what had not been taught to us by our professors at the university .
We thus founded the Séminaire de théorie économique Jean - Baptiste Say ( Jean - Baptiste Say Economic Theory Seminar ) .
We met every week to discuss the research papers written by the members .
We also wrote together a book on the permanent income hypothesis .
We were thus introduced , in particular , to the work of Milton Friedman .
Although all of us were interested in different topics , it can be said that we became Chicagoans at that time .
We had the feeling that this approach was scientific , logical , and rightly based on individualistic principles .
Thus Chicago economics made it possible for us to reconcile our classical - liberal inclination and our desire for a scientific approach to economics .
These inclinations were reinforced by the influence of several books of Karl Popper I read at that time .
It is quite clear that by choosing such a name for our seminar , we wanted to stress two things : our great interest for economic theory and our classical - liberal inclination .
Both things were considered provocative in the intellectual environment of that time , but we did it on purpose .
Doing " collective research , " at a time when all researchers in economics were supposed to be completely isolated , was also considered to be somewhat shameful .
And , on top of that , we were reading Anglo - Saxon publications , such as the American Economic Review , which might have been our greatest sin !
It was said at that time by most of our professors that we had to develop a French economic science , completely different from the one developed outside .
As readers of these foreign reviews , we were accused of " following in American imperialism 's wake . "
Let me mention at this point that the Séminaire de théorie économique Jean - Baptiste Say still exists now .
It is located at University Paris - Dauphine .
Some of us are still Chicagoans or close to the public - choice school , some others are Austrian School economists , and so on .
But we are all liberals ( in the classical or European sense of the word ) because we believe that it is impossible to understand any economic or social problem without referring to individual behavior .
There are several ways to discover truth : for some it may be revealed at the outset , and , from this point of view , those who have discovered the Mises Institute early in their lives are lucky people .
Others discover it path by path .
Thus , after getting a rather loose education , somewhat inspired by Keynesian ideas , at the university , I became a Chicagoan and , more precisely , a Friedmanian .
But being a Friedmanian was somewhat taboo and it remains so .
Just to give an example , Michel Rocard , former prime minister , once said that " Friedman is a destroyer of civilizations . "
Very recently he said that it is unfortunate that Milton Friedman had died .
If not , he could have been convicted of being a criminal against humankind by the International Court of Justice ( according to Rocard , the free - market inclination of Friedman is the cause of the financial crisis ) .
Anyhow , Friedman was defending individual freedom and , to me , it was the first step in my intellectual journey away from the mainstream .
And , believe me , some courage was needed to be a supporter of Friedman at that time and to create something called the Jean - Baptiste Say Seminar .
I was a supporter of flexible exchange rates , which was also considered outlandish at that time ( for instance by Raymond Barre , a member of the defense committee of my doctoral dissertation , who became a prime minister later on ) .
I quite understand that one may dream of a world of fixed rates — for instance under a real gold standard — but , as far as national currencies exist and as far as monetary authorities want to do independent monetary policies , these currencies are different goods and their relative prices have to be determined on the exchange market .
I have seen so many countries in my life that were destroyed by officials who pretended to maintain a fixed exchange rate , but meanwhile were establishing inflationary policies and imposing drastic and destructive exchange controls in order to solve what are wrongly called balance - of - payments problems !
Therefore , if there is no means to limit the inflationary inclination of monetary authorities to create money , I still prefer flexible exchange rates .
I just mentioned my doctoral dissertation .
Its title was " Monetary Equilibrium in Open Economies . "
I was already fascinated — as I have been my whole life — by money and monetary systems .
My dissertation was mainly based on the theoretical approach developed by Robert Mundell .
When I began to do some research concerning my dissertation , I happened to find an article by Robert Mundell in the American Economic Review .
To me it was something of a shock : I had the necessary instruments to write my dissertation .
In fact , the approach developed by Mundell — known as the policy mix — was both Chicagoan and Keynesian .
I became most critical of it later on .
But it was a necessary step in my intellectual trip .
Later on , I discovered Hayek ( " The Use of Knowledge in Society " or , maybe , " The Confusion of Language in Political Thought " ) .
It was another intellectual shock .
This was the approach I was longing for !
About in the same period , I had been invited to present a report on monetary problems at a conference on the working of free markets .
I just read one page of Hayek 's " Choice in Currency " and I was so excited that my mind worked by itself and I immediately wrote my report .
Then , I came back to the reading of the other pages of this booklet of Hayek .
F.A. Hayek
In fact , I had heard of Hayek while a student , but he was presented as an old - fashioned economist of the past and I even believed he was dead .
Later on , I had the pleasure of getting to know him .
I have many anecdotes , but I 'll relate just one :
In 1980 a small group of free - market economists and members of the Parliament invited Friedrich Hayek to deliver a lecture at the National Assembly .
After this event , we went for dinner to the famous Paris restaurant , La Tour d'Argent .
Suddenly , during the dinner , Hayek took a postcard from the restaurant and wrote this sentence :
The market is not merely a better adaptation , but an adaptation to the constant necessity of re-adaptation to ever changing circumstances .
Is n't that pure Hayek ?
Unhappily , I never had the chance to meet Ludwig von Mises .
In any event , after discovering the writings of Hayek , I discovered Mises and Rothbard with the same sort of enthusiasm .
This gradual approach led me to a conviction : one has to be tolerant with people , not tolerant with ideas .
Most people have not had the privilege of being confronted with right ideas ; they have to discover them and there are several possible ways to make such a discovery .
This is why one has to be tolerant with persons and accept that they may have different views or , why not , a tiny bit of truth .
But , whenever you have strong convictions , you must not be tolerant in the sense that you must not accept any compromise of your beliefs .
Austrians are often considered extremist and intolerant .
They have strong convictions , but they must be open to discussion and accept that a gradual approach does exist and that , sometimes , the convergence or the compatibility between different approaches may be possible .
III .
Chicago and the Austrians
I already mentioned that the first Mundell — the one of the policy mix — was more than debatable because of his Chicagoan - Keynesian inclination .
But I would not say the same of the second Mundell , the one of the " monetary approach of the balance of payments . "
To be sure , we need not care much about the balance of payments , which is nothing more than an account .
And the best way to cure so - called balance - of - payments problems consists in stopping the collection and publication of statistics about the balance of payments .
However , the monetary approach of the balance of payments shed some useful light on the interdependence between monetary policies of different countries under fixed rates .
There is also one element that is worth emphasizing .
Contrary to most economists who fear deflation , Robert Mundell stressed that not only must one not fear deflation — a decrease in the quantity of money — but that deflation is desirable .
In fact , when the quantity of money is decreasing in comparison to the quantity of goods and assets , the purchasing power of money is increasing , so that individuals hold more real - cash balances .
Meanwhile , as real balances can be considered to be a factor of production , the more abundant they are , the higher the return on other factors of production .
Thus , the real interest rate is increased by deflation .
" And the best way to cure so - called balance - of - payments problems consists in stopping the collection and publication of statistics about the balance of payments . "
This is certainly accepted by Austrians .
But it remains true that a Chicagoan like Robert Mundell cares only about the overall effect of money creation — or money destruction — on the general price level .
He has not incorporated an essential element of the business - cycle theories of Mises and Hayek , namely that we have to care about the way money enters into the economy and about the consequences of money creation on relative prices .
The present financial crisis — to which I will come back later on — is a perfect illustration of this view : what is most disturbing is not the inflationary effect of the past expansionary monetary policy of the United States but the drastic changes in relative prices and interest rates , and the deep disequilibria , brought about by this policy .
Contrary to mainstream opinions , Austrian economists know that in any society there is no need to create money .
In other words , as soon as a certain quantity of money exists , there is no need to create additional units of it — quite the contrary .
In fact , individuals need real - cash balances and not nominal - cash balances .
The only way to create real - cash balances consists in destroying nominal - cash balances .
This is an important truth , but most people do not accept it , maybe because they are reasoning in the limited framework of the existing monetary systems of our time in which new money is created as a counterpart to a creation of new credits .
And they believe that these new credits are able to stimulate the economy .
But Austrian economists have made clear that such a process is a dangerous illusion : monetary authorities pretend that the amount of savings is higher than the amount freely decided by acting individuals .
Unhappily , illusions cannot last for long , as we can see right now .
IV .
Views About Monetary Systems
But before addressing the present problems of the financial crisis , I would like to give some more thoughts about monetary systems .
It is not my intention to develop here a whole theory of monetary systems .
But , drawing once more from my own past intellectual experience , I would like to stress again the uniqueness of economic theory , at least in the coherent approach of Austrians .
In the 1980s , I was asked by a friend , who was a minister of telecommunications , to write a report on the liberalization of this sector .
I did not know much about telecoms and I had to deal with advisers of the ministers who were technicians and who used a specific language , with words I did not know .
But I rapidly understood that the ideas I had encountered or developed when studying monetary systems could be applied to any network activity , at least if one has a correct approach to competition , monopolies , and cartels .
Mainstream economics is founded on a completely arbitrary definition of competition — pure and perfect competition — implying in particular that competition prevails whenever there are a great number of producers producing exactly the same product .
This theory has nothing in common with reality and it might be considered a purely intellectual game .
But it is accepted as a norm and forms the basis of most antitrust policies .
If one clings to this theory , it is obvious that one cannot accept the idea of competition in network activities such as telecoms , nor in money , since it appears that there are a lot of reasons not to have a great number of producers of the concerned goods and services .
There are , as they are called , " natural monopolies . "
In such cases , in which competition cannot prevail , there would be a need for public intervention , according to mainstream economists .
But this traditional definition of competition is meaningless for Austrians , both because they consider it to be unrealistic and because they care about processes and not about results .
They do not care about the number of producers , but they care about the process by which a market is developing : competition prevails whenever there is free entry and whatever is the result of this process .
Now , competition means differentiation — contrary to the assumption of pure and perfect competition — since competition induces producers to do better than others , to differentiate themselves .
But for many goods there is a demand for homogenization from producers or consumers .
Finding the optimal degree of differentiation — which also means the optimal degree of homogenization — is certainly one of the great problems that have to be solved in any society .
There are two ways to determine the degree of differentiation : either it is discovered through the free interplay of individuals ; or it is decided a priori by the state ( as has been the case with the creation of the euro ) and no one can know whether the productive structure that has been chosen is optimal , i.e. , that it corresponds to the wishes of individuals .
In fact , a free determination on the market is the only meaningful solution , since optimality cannot be determined from outside — contrary to what mainstream economists assume — but only by the individuals who are concerned .
According to the activity to be considered , the optimal degree of differentiation or homogenization is not the same .
It has to be revealed by those who are concerned and not decided from above .
With the " Austrian " definition of competition , things become clear : what is important is the process ( freedom of entry ) not the result ( number of producers ) .
But whenever homogenization appears to be desirable , it does not imply that the only possible market structure consists of having a monopoly producing the homogeneous good .
It may be produced by many producers who decide , by various means , to produce the same product .
In other words they decide to create a cartel .
This is the reason why , in an article on cartels I published in the Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics , I developed a positive view of cartels .
Cartels are usually defined as arrangements between producers to create a monopoly position and to try to extract an extra profit from consumers .
But , in reality a cartel is just a cooperative arrangement by which different producers make efforts to homogenize their products and to make them substitutable one for the other .
Thus , a cartel means cooperation ; but while cooperation is viewed as good when it occurs between officials , it is considered as harmful when it takes place between private entities , in which case people quite often speak of collusion .
This is one illustration of the difficulty of choosing the right words , since many of them contain an implicit normative meaning .
As an additional example , people are easily convinced that harmonizing policies inside the European Union is beneficial because " harmonization " suggests the existence of harmony between nations and individuals .
But " harmonization " does not mean anything different from " forced cartelization " or " lack of competition . "
In a freely created monetary cartel without a public central bank , different banks are issuing their own currency , but they make arrangements for these currencies to be perfectly substitutable one to the other , which is profitable for money users .
For instance , in a genuine gold standard , banks give two sorts of convertibility guarantees for the currency they issue :
A guarantee in terms of gold , with each bank being responsible for its own guarantees .
This means that if one is ever creating too many units of currency , it may be unable to reimburse them in gold and may go bankrupt .
Thus money producers are induced not to issue too much money .
A guarantee by which all banks recognize the currencies issued by the other members of the monetary cartel , thus producing substitutability between the different currencies , which means that each currency has a potential larger area of circulation and becomes more desirable .
In such a case , the optimal dimension of the monetary area is discovered by the market .
The risk of overissuance is low because
Each bank is responsible for giving convertibility guarantees .
There may be a system of mutual surveillance .
Therefore , systemic risks have no chance to occur in such a system , contrary to present monetary systems with a public central bank in which the banks are protected from outside competition by legal - tender laws and are induced to overissue money , because of the role of " lender of last resort " of the central bank .
Now , we need not decide from outside that a gold standard is the best monetary system or that a 100 % reserve system is to be preferred .
We have to experiment , to let producers of currency and users of currency freely enter onto the market for currencies .
I am sorry to say , here , at this Mises Institute event , that I am not necessarily a supporter of a 100 % reserve ratio .
But I am a defender of free currency and capitalist solutions .
You cannot prevent banks and other institutions from creating fiat currency .
But you can design a system in which there are limits to money creation and to instability in money creation .
V. The Financial Crisis
It may seem somewhat presumptuous for me to speak of the financial crisis here , in the temple of the right theory of business cycles .
By the way , during past months , I have been intellectually fed by the Mises Institute , which has helped me to better understand the events and to better explain them in France .
To be sure , the present crisis ought to induce people to recognize that there is no valid theory of the business cycle except the Austrian one .
But , although it is obvious that the crisis has not been caused by an excess of capitalism — quite the contrary — all over the world , the same statements are endlessly repeated : self - adjustments by markets have failed and we have to celebrate the coming back of the state .
A lot of important things have been said by Austrian economists and it is not my intention to try to analyze the financial crisis in detail .
Allow me just to make some remarks about this crisis in order to emphasize that this crisis is not a crisis of capitalism but of state interventionism .
There is a lack of real savings , at least in many developed countries , and more precisely a lack of equity capital , i.e. , a lack of real property rights on capital , a lack of capitalists .
Capitalism means ownership of capital , property rights on capital .
But we have more or less a pseudocapitalism without capital and capitalists .
The world needs more capitalists .
One major reason for this low level of equity capital comes from tax policies .
Contrary to what is usually said , capital is overtaxed in most tax systems .
Monetary authorities try to find a substitute for this lack of voluntary and real savings in money creation and credit .
The business cycle of our time is a sort of joint outcome of tax policy and monetary policy :
In the present crisis , due to the expansionary monetary policy of the Fed in the beginning of the 21st century , the world has been flooded with huge amounts of liquidities that could be obtained at a low interest rate , so that there were huge opportunities for short - term financing for financial institutions .
Anyhow , one may wonder why financial institutions have been so short term and were unable to forecast the future .
One reason may be ignorance : most bankers do not know the Austrian theory of the business cycle .
But there is another reason , namely the existence of a shortfall of real capitalists , i.e. , owners of capital .
Big banks are bureaucracies in which the decisions are not taken by the innumerable shareholders but by managers .
Managers are wage earners and not capitalists .
And wage earners — contrary to capitalists — are shortsighted : they rationally try to maximize their incomes in the short run .
If their bank fails , they do not lose any capital .
They may lose their job for a while , but their human capital remains intact .
Banks in the 19th century were owned by real capitalists and the equity capital of banks was about 60 – 80 % of their balance sheets : bankers were lending or investing their own money , so they were responsible and did not accept excessive risks .
We are now in a world of limited capitalism , with central banks and banking decisions made by managers and not capitalists .
This is the deep cause of the financial crisis .
Contrary to what is claimed by the French President Nicolas Sarkozy — along with so many politicians , journalists , or academics — there is no need to regulate capitalism and to improve the morals of capitalism .
There is a need for a revival of capitalism .
VI .
Curing the Crisis and Restoring Capitalism
How to do it ?
In the short run , it seems that only states are able to save the financial system .
There is a general lack of confidence , making banks reluctant to lend to each other for fear of the failure of their potential partners .
The state appears to be the only possible intermediary because it cannot fail — it benefits from this unique privilege .
Ironically , people interpret this fact as a proof that state intervention is necessary .
More precisely , it seems to justify the idea according to which a financial system needs a lender of last resort and that this lender has to be a public institution .
But , as happens so often , it seems that the one who destroys something is the only one who can also save it .
But instead of celebrating monetary authorities for their rescue decisions , one ought to blame them for having created the problem .
" I am not convinced that economies of scale exist , at least in all banking activities . "
The threat of a general collapse of financial institutions is one of the main arguments offered by the supporters of state intervention .
Had it not existed , more banks would have failed , as is normal in a system of responsible capitalism .
But it is characteristic , anyhow , that in recent months , several failing banks have been bought by other banks , which means that there is a great diversity of situations within the financial system .
It is also obvious that the managers of failing banks prefer to be saved by the state , because they may keep their job , whereas in the case of a purchase by another bank , they would probably be fired .
The solution in the long run is certainly a revival of capitalism .
It implies a decrease in the role of the state and tax systems more friendly to capital accumulation .
It implies the end of monetary policy and , if possible , the disappearance of central banks .
Finally , I would like to address a specific problem : it seems that , in financial matters , there are gains from economies of scale .
But there is the risk that very big firms be managed by managers and not by capitalists , as is presently the case .
I am not convinced that economies of scale exist , at least in all banking activities .
They may exist , in particular , in market activities that have a high intellectual content : once an analysis of the financial market has been done , it can be used to buy and sell at any scale .
There are fixed costs and there is a gain from increased scale .
There is also a risk : as far as the analysis can be wrong , the decision that is taken can bring about a huge loss .
From this point of view , a diversification of analyses may be as useful as a diversification of assets in a portfolio .
Anyhow , it appears to me that the best institutional solution would consist of the creation of financial cartels , that is , systems composed of a great number of capitalist banks , owned by capitalists who are responsible and who know they can fail , but linked together by all sorts of coordinating processes .
Thus , if ever economies of scale do exist — for instance as regards investment and risk - taking decisions — the members of a banking cartel may use a common subsidiary of all of them to perform this specific task .
One advantage of such a structure is that members are responsible and they are induced to organize systems of mutual surveillance .
A monetary and financial cartel makes it possible to reconcile a great dimension for some activities and management by real capitalists .
Conclusion
The present crisis is not a crisis of capitalism but a crisis of state interventionism , and it is also a consequence of a mechanicist approach to economic problems .
I have already stressed the role of monetary policy and the fact that big banks are managed by managers and not by capitalists .
But we may also add that there has been too much confidence in mathematical models of management without a sufficient concern about the behaviors and incentives of individuals .
A banker who would have been educated in the Austrian tradition would not have accepted such high degrees of risk and he would have been doubtful about the most lax monetary policy of the beginning of the 21st century .
But we now have a vicious circle of destruction of capitalism .
Under the pretext of curing the ills brought about by the capitalist system , states are reinforcing the noncapitalist aspects of the financial system :
States become shareholders of banks and financial institutions .
There are big mergers , which create ever bigger banks .
Monetary authorities are decreasing interest rates and distributing too much money , thus preparing another monetary cycle .
How can we create a virtuous circle ?
People have to be convinced that the capitalist system is self - adjusting and that regulations are not the necessary way to obtain adjustment .
But there is a terrific job to carry on , in educating people and in persuading governments that they have to reverse the stream , not gradually and piece by piece but through a complete and rapid change of system .
From this point of view , the Mises Institute has a historical responsibility as one of the rare places where a correct analysis of the working of free markets can be found .
As Lew Rockwell wrote ,
Great change must originate in the world of ideas .
But we will never bring about a monetary revolution without mobilizing the people .
And great popular movements cannot be built on repealing legal tender .
Gold and anti-central banking , as our own history shows , are mobilizing issues .
They also have the not - inconsiderable virtue of being true .
To end , let me recall some statements I have made in the present lecture and which may be acceptable for all those who are here :
There is no need to create money .
There is never any balance - of - payments problem .
The financial crisis is not a crisis of capitalism but of state intervention .
One ought to suppress central banks and the IMF .
Such statements — which I strongly believe — are not easily accepted by public opinion or even by most economists .
When expressing such views , I may be considered as foolish or as a dangerous extremist — an ultraliberal — and I must confess that I need some courage to go on with such ideas , especially in my country .
But I can not do it alone .
I need the support of people I admire , and that is why I want to thank the Mises Institute and you all here , from the bottom of my heart .
Literary Hostage Crisis in Cuba !
The Cuban government has been trying to normalize relations with America for decades now , like an ex-boyfriend who calls in the middle of the night once a week and then hangs up , just to see who answers the phone .
Who 's with America now ?
Some Banana Republic with bigger bananas ?
The last time America slept over , America left something behind that Cuba has been using as a bitter conversation - starter every time both countries accidentally show up to the same awkward party : Ernest Hemingway 's house and all of his old papers Hemingway beat Castro once in a fishing contest , and Castro has been mad ever since .
Even still , Hemingway willed away his famous home at Finca Vigia and all of its contents to the Cuban government when he killed himself in 1961 after leaving for Idaho as a result of Castro 's revolution .
The Cuban government has been holding these properties hostage , claiming that they do not have the money to keep the house in good repair or to analyze , restore , digitize , and collate his old manuscripts .
Yet , the Cubans have been unwilling to turn the papers over to those who can take care of them .
Among Hemingway 's final papers are : 1 ) .
A rejected epilogue to " For Whom the Bell Tolls ! " 2 ) .
His personal screenplay for " The Old Man and the Sea ! " 3 ) .
Coded letters about hunting for U - boats off the coast of Cuba during World War 2!4 ) .
Over 3000 other documents and letters , probably including love letters to Marlene Dietrich and letters to F. Scott Fitzgerald apologizing for " that whole ' Moveable Feast ' scene .
" After Maxwell Perkins ' granddaughter went down to Cuba and saw that Hemingway 's house and the documents were falling apart due to neglect , a joint U.S. / Cuban task force went in and restored things to keep them from disappearing forever .
American writers , actors , and politicians from both parties joined in the fund - raising to show their support for The Man with the Beard who Wrote True Things .
However , these documents -- though digital -- will not be available for free .
Does n't this run counter to both the spirit of a free , democratic society and the spirit of a controlled , anticapitalist commune ?
There is a rationale behind this mercenary decision : Cuba wants to make money from American tourism , but the American government wo n't allow this because it does n't want hard currency flowing into a country without free speech and which brutally represses dissent .
So Cuba is trying to get money from American universities by making Hemingway 's documents only available through an expensive subscription .
President Obama !
Supposedly " For Whom the Bell Tolls " is your favorite book !
Do n't you want to know how it REALLY ends ?
Your first bold stroke of presidential foreign - policy genius ought to be the following gambit : you should temporarily allow Americans to visit Hemingway 's house by declaring it a joint American - Cuban landmark , but only if Cuba makes Hemingway 's documents available for free , so that every man , woman , and child in the world can read them at their leisure .
Let 's have lunch together , Cuba .
Just lunch .
JUST LUNCH .
And then we 'll see where this whole thing goes .
We 're NOT getting back together .
But wear that red dress ; the one with the sequins ; the one you wore that night ; that night we gambled , danced , and swore till dawn ...
Knitting is an acceptable Lisp So , I 'm a knitter .
And I pretend to be a designer some days , when I 'm not knitting endless swathes of k2 , p2 rib .
But first and foremost , I 'm an unabashed geek .
As such , I took a look at KnitML .
And it 's neat .
Well , in theory , it 's neat .
In practice , I have n't got the java dependencies set up on my computer yet to play with it .
I do intend to do that , and am downloading them , but while I wait for them , I want to ponder through an idea that 's been percolating in my brain .
Namely , I think of knitting patterns in two ways .
One is the chart .
This is how I write patterns , really .
And given the choice between a chart and a list of stitches , I 'll pick the chart every time .
It 's a question of information density .
The chart presents all the information that I need , in the least amount of space while still being human - readable .
So , let 's look at a chart .
It 's a fairly simple pattern , embedded moss stitch rib .
And can be easily transformed into a written pattern : p2 , k2 , p1 , k1 , repeat to end of round p2 , k2 , p1 , k1 , repeat to end of round p2 , k1 , p1 , k2 , repeat to end of round p2 , k1 , p1 , k2 , repeat to end of round
This is where my brain starts making clicky noises .
See , my immediate reaction to that is that it's a simple program .
One that generates a handsome little ribbing .
However , my second line of thought runs straight for a programming principle : Do n't Repeat Yourself .
My process for generating a pattern is to draw charts in Inkscape , test those charts by knitting them , then translate the chart into written instructions .
In future , I may also want to make my charts available in KnitML .
What this immediately says to me as a programmer is that I should have a single piece of data from which I can generate : PNG graphics
This is the format I use to show charts .
It 's a useful format in that it does a good job of reducing low - colour line drawings ( like knitting charts ) to a fairly small file size with no loss of detail or crispness .
This is an even worse format to use as a data source , though .
Rather than just interpreting the XML that SVG gives , I 'd have to start into OCR territory .
This is the format I use to show charts .
It 's a useful format in that it does a good job of reducing low - colour line drawings ( like knitting charts ) to a fairly small file size with no loss of detail or crispness .
This is an even worse format to use as a data source , though .
Rather than just interpreting the XML that SVG gives , I 'd have to start into OCR territory .
SVG graphics
This is the format that I actually use to make charts .
Unfortunately , it would be a considerable effort to use it as a starting point :
Anything more complicated than a knit or purl stitch are relatively complex " groups " , rather than simple objects .
However , they work admirably as a way to draw charts , and from my perusal of the spec , should be able to be drawn programmatically fairly easily .
This is the format that I actually use to make charts .
Unfortunately , it would be a considerable effort to use it as a starting point :
Anything more complicated than a knit or purl stitch are relatively complex " groups " , rather than simple objects .
However , they work admirably as a way to draw charts , and from my perusal of the spec , should be able to be drawn programmatically fairly easily .
HTML lists
This actually is n't a bad starting point .
Not good enough that I 'd want to use it as a data source , but not bad enough , either , to discard it out of hand .
Specifically , if I look at the HTML describing the pattern : < ol >
< li > p2 , k2 , p1 , k1 , repeat to end of round
< li > p2 , k2 , p1 , k1 , repeat to end of round
< li > p2 , k1 , p1 , k2 , repeat to end of round
< li > p2 , k1 , p1 , k2 , repeat to end of round
</ol >
Other than the < ol > and < li > tags , this actually is n't a bad representation of the data at all .
This actually is n't a bad starting point .
Not good enough that I 'd want to use it as a data source , but not bad enough , either , to discard it out of hand .
Specifically , if I look at the HTML describing the pattern : Other than the < ol > and < li > tags , this actually is n't a bad representation of the data at all .
Plaintext
What if I were to use the plaintext representation of the aforementioned list : p2 , k2 , p1 , k1 , repeat to end of round
p2 , k2 , p1 , k1 , repeat to end of round
p2 , k1 , p1 , k2 , repeat to end of round
p2 , k1 , p1 , k2 , repeat to end of round
That 's actually , as I alluded before , a programmatic representation of knitting .
And , were it not for that pesky " repeat to end of round " , would be nearly perfect .
In fact , this is relatively close to what KnitML uses as a human - readable format , according to my reading of the spec .
What if I were to use the plaintext representation of the aforementioned list :
That 's actually , as I alluded before , a programmatic representation of knitting .
And , were it not for that pesky " repeat to end of round " , would be nearly perfect .
In fact , this is relatively close to what KnitML uses as a human - readable format , according to my reading of the spec .
S - Expressions
These little gems are the core of Lisp , and are easily transformable to and from XML if the need arises .
The core elements to them are lists and atoms .
A list is multiple atoms surrounded by parentheses and separated by spaces .
An atom is some text representing something .
Thus , the pattern described above becomes : ( repeat 2
( repeat - to - end ( p2 k2 p1 k1 ) ) )
( repeat 2
( repeat - to - end ( p2 k1 p1 k2 ) ) )
And any Lisp programmer reading this just started twitching .
As that 's not properly - formed Lisp .
On the other hand , it does represent a very interesting way to mix data and instructions .
Patterns become lists of stitches and transformative operations performed on those stitches .
It 's knitting as a pseudo - mathematical notation .
So , taking s-expressions as a base , what does it all mean ?
Well , in that list of representations , the further along I went , the more the representation changed from being a depiction of the data to a representation .
By the time we reach the plaintext version of the pattern , it is recognisable as a rudimentary program .
The s-expression version is n't even a rudimentary one ; if it were fed into an interpreter that recognised the words and symbols used , it is a program to generate a knitting pattern .
Now that offers some interesting prospects , because the output of the interpreter by no means has to be fixed .
For instance , I could have one interpreter that reads the pattern as a way to generate a plain text file , another interpreter that generates an SVG graphic and a third that reads the pattern as a way to generate the equivalent KnitML file .
Why does all this matter ?
Well , I 've become interested , in the past weeks , in the idea of an editor where I type in a row of stitches and it appears on the screen as a graphical pattern .
Thinking about how to represent stitches is a first step on the road to knitting pattern zen .
Newer Post Older Post Home
It seems that after eXile ’s 11 long years of celebrating drug use , some of our more skeptical readers still do n’t think we ’ve been candid enough about our drugs use .
Well , it just goes to show that you people are n’t just cowards , you ’re imbeciles , too .
So bending to lowest denominator reader demands , we are going to start explicitly admitting our drug use so that you can work up the courage and be just like us .
John Dolan :
I ’d be happy to declare my obligation to drugs , starting with speed and including Imipramine , heroin , codeine and fluoxetine .
I ’ve said this before and I ’m happy to do it again , but this time maybe we at eXile should get smart at long last , and stop putting our necks on the windowsill while you cowardly lurkers watch us take the consequences .
How about some of you coat - holders actually joining the fight this time ?
All for one , one for all — that kind of thing .
Here , we could have a little motivational song :
If you ’re happy thanks to drugs , raise your hand !
If you ’re happy thanks to drugs , raise your hand !
If you ’re happy thanks to drugs , help enlighten all the mugs ,
If you ’re happy thanks to drugs , take a stand .
Yasha Levine :
I ’d also be happy to declare my close relationship with drugs .
Like any true love , they complete me .
They make me whole .
Without them , I see no reason to live .
Speed , codeine , dextroamphetamine , hydrocodeine , diazepam and zopiclone are just some of the substances that make my days productive and evenings relaxing .
It is not an abusive relationship , but one of mutual respect .
But they do wear the pants in the family .
And …I ’m ok with that .
See ?
Was n’t that easy ?
We ’re open about it and you should be , too .
For today ’s full disclosure meeting , we asked our design team to create a season ’s greetings card that you newly out - of - the - closet drug users can personalize and use .
What better time to profess your love of drugs than the holidays ?
Fill it out and send it to friends , family , coworkers , bosses — whoever .
Forget Hallmark .
Take a chance and let us help you share the holiday spirit !
You can bet we ’ll be sharing some of ours .
Instructions : Download this pdf file , fill in the blanks and press save .
That ’s it !
Now you ’re ready to send your own personalized season ’s greeting card .
Email it to everyone who ’s important in your life , but do n’t forget to cc us at sic@exiledonline.com .
( We ’ll be putting these up on our site . )
Here ’s Yasha Levine ’s card to all you eXiled readers :
I have noticed over the past six months , as a construction worker in Denver , a strange and steady change in the demeanor of tradesman on jobsites all over Colorado .
Once strong , proud and enterprising small businessmen , the tradesmen are now sullen , worried and taciturn .
Virtually the only banter passed between the thinning crews of workers on jobsites revolves around the prospect for new work .
The phrase " You keeping busy these days ? " echoes from jobsite to jobsite .
When the tradesmen do speak to one another for any extended period of time , the topic usually involves domestic politics or the economy .
" If they can force the banks to start lending , " I often hear in this regard , " maybe we can get rolling again this year . "
The claim is usually made somberly , however , as if the speaker does n’t really believe it himself .
It is truly heart wrenching to watch men gloomily and broodingly trudge through their work , when they were previously so sturdy and enterprising .
These tradesmen once formed a critical section of the backbone of the American economy .
They knew what it meant to go out and forge a life for themselves and their families with the sweat of their brows and the strength of their hands and minds .
They are now finally learning what it means to be citizens of a global empire — an empire run by the most powerful and wealthy government machine ever assembled by man .
Perhaps most importantly , they are learning that there are massive costs to be paid for the maintenance of the American Empire — and that they are going to have to pay a hefty portion of those costs themselves .
In other words , the tradesmen have found themselves at the complete mercy of the political classes of this country — mere cogs in the engine of the American Empire .
It was extremely easy in previous years to forget that the empire required constant maintenance and massive amounts of fuel .
Tradesmen , businessmen , and private employees of all other stripes in the United States were able to go about their daily business without bothering their busy little minds about the latest foreign and domestic schemes and boondoggles of the political classes in Washington and New York .
" What goes on in the gilded halls of our government has nothing to do with my own life , " many no doubt thought to themselves in the smug years of the past two decades .
This sentiment led many to the false idea that every individual American was the sole master of his own destiny — that each man could " do anything " with his life if he simply worked hard enough , got a college degree , or started a small business .
It also led to the equally false idea that government spending for war and welfare is irrelevant to the enterprising individual American , and that he need never worry that his life ’s work could be wrecked in an instant by inflation by the Federal Reserve .
These ideas have now been exposed as mere fantasies engendered by years and years of artificial prosperity financed through government debt and money creation .
The veil of artificial prosperity has finally been lifted , allowing many to see for the first time the awful costs of our imperial government .
What is also being discovered , moreover , is that our American Empire has conferred no real benefits to the ordinary Americans who continue to be forced to finance it .
On the contrary , it has only produced a great deal of death and destruction around the world ( which has unsurprisingly generated abject hatred and resentment for this country abroad ) , and it has produced a suffocating regulatory and welfare - based economy at home .
It has also had the inevitable consequence of devastating the American economy by inducing millions upon millions of Americans to start businesses and take up lines of work that were ( and remain ) unsustainable without more and more Federal Reserve money creation .
To be a citizen in the American Empire , these men are finding out to their horror , means to be forced to pay for interventionist adventures to bring " democracy " and " freedom " to the poor and hapless people of the world .
The leaders of our imperial government are not content to leave the poor masses of the world to their own devices ( or , to put it differently , to treat foreigners like human beings capable of taking care of themselves ) ; rather , they are convinced that they have a divinely - ordained mission to take money from their own population of increasingly impoverished and unemployed workers and either use that ill - gotten money to invade foreign lands or give it to other governments .
The American tradesman who has lost his job and has no prospect for future employment must content himself with the knowledge that his own misery has made it possible for our government to kill countless foreigners and prop - up foreign governments despised by their own people .
This knowledge offers precious little in the way of consolation for the tradesman who has no idea how he will keep a roof over the heads of his family members and food in their bellies .
It is a cost he must bear , however , because our imperial government lives and flourishes on money that is taken from its own people through brute force — that is , through the awful and infamous institution of taxation .
On the domestic scene , the tradesman is forced to bear equally onerous burdens in order to support the empire .
The empire ’s domestic tentacles have wriggled and forced their way into every nook and cranny of the American economy .
In order for the tradesman to make a living for himself he must bow down , ask permission , or hide from the legions of bureaucrat - regulators and policemen that claim the right to tell him what is permissible and impermissible in this so - called " free market " economy .
He cannot even hang sheetrock without first gaining permission to operate as a contractor from fat bureaucrats he has never met , filling out reams of paperwork to take care of the taxes and permits required by the empire ’s local henchmen , and then having his work " inspected " by someone who claims to know his trade better than he does .
If he is fortunate enough to jump every hurdle correctly , he will be rewarded with what the federal government calls the " self - employment tax , " robbing him of a massive portion of the fruits of his labor .
And where does his confiscated money go ?
It is used as fuel to keep the empire marching along : paying salaries for fat politicians and bureaucrats , paying for welfare to people who are unwilling to work for a living like our beleaguered tradesman , and paying for more foreign adventures in the name of " freedom " and " democracy . "
In fact , the only person who can be assured he will not benefit from the existence of the domestic and interventionist empire - machine , ( beside the innocent people murdered abroad by the empire ’s legions , that is ) , is the tradesman - taxpayer himself .
There is thus no reason to be surprised that tradesmen have become gloomy , brooding and increasingly dejected .
They have finally discovered that they are not the rugged and indomitable entrepreneurs they , until very recently , imagined they were .
They have found out that their lives and labor are , and will continue to be , the property of the imperial American government .
It is still too early to tell , however , whether the bureaucrats and politicians at the helm of the American Empire have scored a decisive victory over the enterprising American tradesmen .
For , while the fools and knaves in Washington and New York have indeed managed to destroy virtually everything the tradesmen labored to build up for themselves over the past few decades , they have not yet managed to erase the memory of the old , non-imperial America : the America that existed before the creation of the fraudulent Federal Reserve system ; the America before the emergence of predatory social engineers , welfare bureaucrats and regulators ; the America that existed before Washington and New York managed to wrest all control away from the rest of the empire ’s fifty colonies ; and the America that chose peaceful trade over military intervention and war .
Unless or until the architects and managers of the American Empire can conspire successfully to completely destroy the memory of the old , non-imperial America , there will always remain the possibility that the American tradesmen will stand up and fight the Washington and New York - based empire of today in the same way that their ancestors fought the London - based empire of their day .
The Best of Mark R. Crovelli
MORE than 4,300 metres ( 14,000 feet ) above sea level in Peru 's central Andes , the cold , windswept Bombón Plateau is not an obvious place to build a new town .
But plans are afoot to rehouse 70,000 people there over the next 10 to 15 years .
The reason : the town of Cerro de Pasco , some 35 kms ( 22 miles ) away , is being eaten up by opencast mining .
Last month local residents voted in an assembly in favour of the plan .
It is supported by Peru 's president , Alan García .
The country 's Congress has called for detailed studies of a site around the villages of Ninacaca and Shelby .
The plan is logical .
Cerro de Pasco has been mined , mainly for silver , lead and zinc , since the 17th century .
Opencast mining by an American company began in 1956 , and continued after it was nationalised in 1973 .
The city now teeters around a huge pit , two kilometres across and 350 metres deep .
“ There really is no city .
What we have is a network of streets that end at a cement wall and a pit , ” says Félix Rivera , the governor of the Pasco region , who favours the move .
Privatised again in 1999 , the mine is now owned by Volcan , a Peruvian company .
Its expansion plan would eat up 11 hectares of the city , pushing the wall closer to the main square .
Cerro de Pasco has never been a beauty spot .
But the few local landmarks , such as the main church , would disappear into the hole by 2014 .
Mr Rivera says that daily blasting at the pit has weakened urban areas , and that many homes are unsafe .
Studies have found that residents have high levels of lead in their bloodstream .
The regional government estimates the move will cost $ 500 m .
The mayor reckons the figure will be double that .
Mr Rivera recalls a past plan to uproot Cerro de Pasco , in the late 1980s during Mr García 's first term as president .
His government spent $ 30 m putting in electricity posts and building small houses at a spot on a highway out of the town .
But the project was abandoned .
Local politicians say Volcan should stump up half the cost of the move .
The company has said little .
A spokesman recognised that any position it takes would be “ controversial ” .
If it backs the move , critics of mining among Peru's NGOs and environmentalists will accuse it of literally wanting to dig the ground from under the townspeople 's feet .
It it opposes the plan , it will be branded as wanting to expose people to further health risks .
In neighbouring Junín , a Chinese company , Chinalco , is proceeding with a plan to move Morococha , a town of 5,000 people , to develop a big copper deposit .
This whole project will cost over $ 2.5 billion .
Cerro de Pasco is a much bigger place .
In the past few months the prices of minerals have plunged .
Work on Volcan 's expansion plan has slowed .
So Cerro de Pasco 's big move is far from certain .
Intel could push back the launch of its mainstream Core i7 desktop processors , codenamed Lynnfield , along with its P55 chipset by at least a month .
This according to DigiTimes , which claims the poor economic conditions have created significant overstock problems that will require motherboard makers to continue selling their current P4x - based hardware for a bit longer .
The two products were initially scheduled to be launched by the end of July this year , but apparently wo n't arrive until late August or early September , perhaps even at a later time depending on the market situation .
Considering that Intel just announced its Q4 2008 profits were down 90 percent from the same quarter in 2007 , one can only assume the chipmaker itself has plenty of unsold inventory , and is in no condition to argue with its motherboard partners .
In fact , rumor has it that these same overstock problems will force Intel to announce a price cut on Monday , affecting its line of Core 2 Quad processors .
Meanwhile , it is also being reported that Intel has been forced to put off their transition to DDR3 - only products until 2010 over pricing concerns , and they will be joined by AMD which has also delayed adoption due to technical difficulties .
By Steve Goodman
Getting a good education just keeps getting more expensive .
According to the College Board , the not - for - profit organization that created the SAT , annual expenses including room and board for a private university in 2007 was $ 23,000 , up from $ 18,050 in 2006 .
The stats for a public university do not look much better – $ 9,980 in 2007 , up from $ 7,650 in 2006 , including room , board and financial aid .
To make matters worse , interest rates on private student loans are topping 16 percent in some cases .
That ’s if you can even get the loan .
Citigroup and Bank of America pulled out of the student loan business in the spring and Wachovia recently reported it would stop financing undergraduate loans .
Add the mortgage and stock market crises leaving fewer parents able to tap into savings , fewer endowments and scarcer scholarships , and what ’s a cash - strapped parent or student to do ?
Federally funded student loans are always the preferred way to borrow for college because of their low interest rates and deferred payment schedules .
But if you do n’t qualify or have tapped out this source , try a social lending site geared toward students .
What to expect at social lending site for students
Student social lending sites work much like mainstream social lending sites like Prosper.com .
You post a profile asking for a certain loan amount and sit back and wait for lenders to fund your loan .
The site consolidates all of the small , individual loans you receive , applies a single interest rate and disburses your payments to your lenders .
The biggest difference in a social lending site geared for students is that the money you raise goes to your school , not directly to you .
( Nope , you ca n’t use the money to rent that apartment on the beach or spend spring break in Paris . )
These specialized sites also offer student - friendly features as 10 - year loan terms and deferred payments , which Prosper and LendingClub lack , despite their claim to offer student loans .
Mark Kantrowitz of FinAid.org , an information site for funding a college education , thinks peer to peer student lending is going to grow significantly in the years ahead , and is likely to catch on in other ways , too .
“ There is the potential here for colleges to set up their own peer to peer lending networks where they would connect alumni with current students as a way to increase enrollment , ” he said .
Good grades = guaranteed loans and lower fees at Fynanz.com
Currently two social lending sites specialize in student loans : Fynanz and GreenNote .
Good students with solid credit histories already under their belt might prefer Fynanz , a stranger - to - stranger lending site .
Student borrowers must have a FICO score of at least 640 or a co-signer .
The site assigns each loan one of six possible grades based on the student ’s academic characteristics , the institution , and whether they are enrolled full or part - time .
The better the grade , the lower the upfront fee , which ranges from 2.9 percent to 6.9 percent of the loan amount .
On the plus side , Fynanz guarantees its loans , which attracts quality lenders ’ and a lower interest rate for you .
The higher the grade a loan has been assigned , the more of the loan Fynanz will guarantee , ranging from 50 cents to 100 cents on the dollar .
Fynanz ’s up - and - coming competition , recently launched GreenNote , takes a more laid - back , personal approach .
It does not offer lenders a guarantee , but it has no credit requirements and lets borrowers invite family and friends to contribute to a loan .
It ’s up to you whether your loan profile can be viewed publicly .
All loans are assigned an initial interest rate of 6.8 percent , which generous lenders can lower or even waive .
It ’s all about tapping into people who know and like you , says GreenNote CEO Akash Agarwal .
( You invite people , those people go to people .
It includes local employers in the area , community - based organizations , places of worship , sports teams , anything . )
Already have a loan lined up ?
Go Virgin
A third option worth noting if you already have your money lined up and just need to document it : Virgin Money USA , a loan servicing site aimed at formalizing pre-arranged loans between family and friends .
Virgin has some cool calculators aimed at students ( the “ Lender Blender ”  lets you see what your final interest rate would be after combining various types of loans including federal , bank , personal and even credit card advances ) .
Plus , Virgin ’s Student Payback plan offers a processing fee break on up to 10 sequential loans , a boon for parents who plan to dole out money to their students a semester at a time .
Which one ’s best ?
With its lower fees , one interest rate for all , simple process , and no credit score requirement , GreenNote is probably the best choice for the majority of students looking to raise college funds through a social lending site .
A hang - loose student - oriented site , GreenNote encourages students to stay in touch with lenders during their school career and offers lenders the opportunity to forgive all or part of loan , before it comes due .
With its loan guarantee and rating system , Fynanz is weighted more heavily in favor of lenders ; however , it is the site ’s ability to attract competitive lenders that results in interest rates as low as 3.5 percent .
For parents with financial means , good credit , or sources of equity funding , the Virgin Money approach is a good one .
It allows parents to obtain loans at good interest rates and share those funds with the student .
It keeps it ( all in the family )  , but makes it official .
Graduate student Christina Christopher is happy with her choice .
Christopher was entering the last year of her MBA program when she discovered she had maximized the amount she could receive in federal student loans .
With time running out she turned to GreenNote .
( The process was very simple .
All I did was create a profile , put in my situation and the time I needed the funds by , and the amount needed , send e-mails out to all the people I know , and within a month the funds were issued to the school . )
From the pains Democrats take to out - argue and / or to compromise with the fringe minority party called the Republicans you'd think no other course of action was available , specifically you 'd have to assume that the filibuster -- the power of senators representing 11 percent of us to block all work by the House and Senate -- is written in stone .
In reality , 51 senators could eliminate the filibuster or change the number of votes required to use it .
This nation got along for many years without the filibuster and could do so again .
It is no more a part of our Constitution than the CIA , enemy combatants , corporate persons , or the political parties that allow the filibuster to wreak such havoc with our so - called democracy .
For the most part we no longer have representatives in Congress , because of the corruption of money , the weakness of the media , and the strength of parties .
There are not 535 opinions on Capitol Hill on truly important matters , but 2 .
Our supposed representatives work for their party leaders , not for us .
Luckily , one of the two parties claims to want to work for us .
When the Democrats were in the minority and out of the White House , they told us they wanted to work for us but needed to be in the majority .
So , in 2006 , we put them there .
Then they told us that they really wished they could work for us but they needed bigger majorities and the White House .
So , in 2008 , we gave them those things , and largely deprived them of two key excuses for inaction .
We took away the veto excuse and came very close to taking away the filibuster excuse , and -- in fact -- the filibuster excuse could be taken away completely if the Democrats did n't want to keep it around .
This is not to say that either excuse was ever sensible .
The two most important things the 110th Congress refused to do ( ceasing to fund illegal wars , and impeaching war criminals ) did not require passing legislation , so filibusters and vetoes were not relevant .
But the Democrats in Congress , and the Republicans , and the media , and the White House all pretended that wars could only be ended by legislation , so the excuses for not passing legislation loomed large .
The veto excuse is now gone .
The filibuster excuse could be gone this week if Senator Harry Reid wanted it gone , or if President Obama appointed a Republican senator from a state with a Democratic governor to a cabinet position without allowing a corrupt deal on the senator 's replacement , or if the House and Senate were to give Washington D.C. voting representation .
The filibuster excuse works like this .
Any 41 senators can vote
No on " cloture " , that is on bringing a bill to a vote , and that bill will never come to a vote , and anything the House of Representatives has done wo n't matter .
Plus any of the other 59 senators , the 435 House members , the president , the vice president , television pundits , and newspaper reporters can blame the threat of filibuster for anything they fail to do .
Now , the Senate itself is and always has been and was intended to be an anti-democratic institution .
It serves no purpose that is not or could not be more democratically accomplished by the House alone .
The Senate should simply be eliminated by Constitutional Amendment .
But the filibuster is the most anti-democratic tool of the Senate , and can be eliminated without touching the Constitution , which does not mention it .
If you take 41 senators from the 21 smallest states , you can block any legislation with a group of multi-millionaires elected by 11.2 percent of the American public .
That fact is a national disgrace that should be remedied as quickly as possible .
The filibuster was created by accident when the Senate eliminated a seemingly redundant practice of voting on whether to vote .
Senators then discovered , after a half - century of surviving just fine without the filibuster , that they could block votes by talking forever .
In 1917 the Senate created a rule allowing a vote by two - thirds of those voting , to end a filibuster .
In 1949 they changed the rule to require two - thirds of the entire Senate membership .
In 1959 they changed it back .
And in 1975 they changed the rule to allow three - fifths of the Senators sworn into office to end a filibuster and force a vote .
Filibustering no longer requires giving long speeches .
It only requires threatening to do so .
The use of such threats has exploded over the past 10 years , dominating the decision - making process of our government and effectively eliminating the possibility of truly populist or progressive legislation emerging from Congress .
This has happened at the same time that the forces of money , media , and party have led the Democrats in both houses to view the filibuster excuse as highly desirable , rather than as an impediment .
Were the Democrats serious about eliminating the filibuster excuse , they would either take every step possible to get 60 senators into their caucus , or they would change the rule requiring 60 senators for cloture .
Possible steps to reach that magic number of 60 would include appointing Republican senators from states with Democratic governors to key jobs in the Obama administration and immediately seating their replacements , and providing Washington , D.C. , with a House member and two senators ( this last approach changing the magic number to 61 and potentially providing the 60th and 61st Democrats ) .
Simpler and more certain would be simply changing the rule , specifically Senate Rule 22 , which reads in part :
" ' Is it the sense of the Senate that the debate shall be brought to a close ? '
And if that question shall be decided in the affirmative by three - fifths of the Senators duly chosen and sworn -- except on a measure or motion to amend the Senate rules , in which case the necessary affirmative vote shall be two - thirds of the Senators present and voting -- then said measure , motion , or other matter pending before the Senate , or the unfinished business , shall be the unfinished business to the exclusion of all other business until disposed of . "
This would seem to suggest that it takes 60 senators to block a filibuster and 66 senators ( if 100 are present , otherwise fewer ) to end the power of 60 senators to block filibusters .
But that 's not the whole story .
William Greider recently explained :
" In 1975 the filibuster issue was revived by post - Watergate Democrats frustrated in their efforts to enact popular reform legislation like campaign finance laws .
Senator James Allen of Alabama , the most conservative Democrat in the Senate and a skillful parliamentary player , blocked them with a series of filibusters .
Liberals were fed up with his delaying tactics .
Senator Walter Mondale pushed a campaign to reduce the threshold from sixty - seven votes to a simple majority of fifty - one .
In a parliamentary sleight of hand , the liberals broke Allen 's filibuster by a majority vote , thus evading the sixty - seven - vote rule .
( Senate rules say you can't change the rules without a cloture vote , but the Constitution says the Senate sets its own rules .
As a practical matter , that means the majority can prevail whenever it decides to force the issue . )
In 1975 the presiding officer during the debate , Vice President Rockefeller , first ruled with the liberals on a motion to declare Senator Allen out of order .
When Allen appealed the " ruling of the chair " to the full Senate , the majority voted him down .
Nervous Senate leaders , aware they were losing the precedent , offered a compromise .
Henceforth , the cloture rule would require only sixty votes to stop a filibuster . "
The credibility of the filibuster excuse has collapsed , because the Democrats are now publicly admitting , through their actions , that they prefer to keep that excuse around .
Greider proposes reducing to 55 percent of the Senate the number of senators needed for cloture .
I propose reducing it to 50 percent plus one .
Either way , nobody is proposing that a minority be empowered to decide anything , only that a majority finally be permitted to ( even to the extent allowed by an anti-democratic body like the U.S. Senate in which both Wyoming and California have the same number of senators ) .
Should that happen , all I can say to Wall Street and the military industrial complex is : get ready to be shocked and awed !
The Democrats are choosing to keep the filibuster excuse around , meaning that our job is to overwhelm them and the media with our refusal to believe it .
Or , if you prefer , our job is to lobby for a change in the filibuster rule .
Otherwise , we can shout for peace and justice and stimulus and the right to organize , and it's all just shouting , because we are being played for suckers .
Samira Jassim is accused of recruiting dozens of female attackers Suspected militant recruiter Samira Jassim reportedly calls herself " the Mother of Believers " .
Detained in January by Iraqi security forces , the mother of six is accused of converting dozens of vulnerable women into suicide attackers .
In an apparent video confession , the middle - aged woman described how she identified potential bombers , helped supply them with explosives and led them to their targets .
She also explained , in a separate interview with the Associated Press , how insurgents used rape as a tool , with the " shamed " women persuaded to redeem themselves through suicide attacks .
Her apparent confession could help throw light on the recent increase in attacks in Iraq involving female bombers .
In 2007 , there were eight suicide attacks by women ; in 2008 there were 32 , the US military says .
In early January , a female bomber killed at least 35 Shia pilgrims in a blast near a Baghdad shrine .
Insurgents use female bombers because they can hide explosives under their robes and are less likely to be searched by male guards at security checkpoints .
' Bring her to us ' Samira Jassim worked with Sunni militants from the Ansar al - Sunnah group in Diyala province , one of the last remaining centres of Sunni insurgency , Iraqi security officials said .
Women can sometimes bypass the security checks in Iraqi cities
She had recruited 80 women to act as bombers , 28 of whom had gone on to launch attacks , a military spokesman told journalists at a news conference in Baghdad .
In a filmed confession , the black - robed Jassim described how she recruited one woman for an attack in the city of Mukdadiyah , 100 km ( 62 miles ) northeast of Baghdad .
" I talked to her a number of times , " she said .
" I went back to them ( the militants ) and gave them the details on her .
And they told me , bring her to us ...
And I took her to the police station and that 's where she blew herself up . "
She also described the long process of persuading a woman named Amal , who had family problems , to launch an attack .
" I talked to her many times , sat with her and she was very depressed , " she said .
In a separate interview with AP a week after her 21 January arrest , Jassim also described how insurgents used organised rape as a way of generating more bombers .
Her role was to persuade the traumatised victims that carrying out a suicide attack was their only way out .
That claim was impossible to verify , AP said , and during their interview with her police interrogators sat in an adjoining room .
But in a culture where rape is considered very shameful for the victim , it is not implausible , correspondents say .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Posted by Robby Russell
In my last post , Subdomain accounts with Ruby on Rails explaind , I mentioned that you ’d need to modify your /etc / hosts file to use custom subdomains for development / testing .
Apparently , there is a much better way to handle this that I was introduced to by Nathan de Vries .
Nathan suggests using a gem that I had n’t heard of before that bares the name of Ghost ( view project on github ) .
Ghost describes itself as …
“ A gem that allows you to create , list , and modify local hostnames in 10.5 with ease … ” —
If you ’ve ever had to modify your /etc / hosts file for anything local , I highly encourage you to check out this shiny gem .
Installing Ghost
Like most gems , you can just install Ghost with the following command .
~ : sudo gem install ghost Password : Successfully installed ghost -0.1.2-universal - darwin-9 1 gem installed Installing ri documentation for ghost - 0.1.2-universal -darwin-9 ... Installing RDoc documentation for ghost - 0.1.2-universal -darwin-9 ...
Okay , now that Ghost is installed , let ’s see what we can do with it .
Using Ghost for local domains / subdomains
Ghost is fairly straight forward .
It ’s essentially a friendly wrapper for dscl , which is the Directory Service command line utility for Mac OS X .
I ’ve never played with that directly , but it seems that with Ghost …
I should n’t need to . :-)
With Ghost , you can add , modify , and delete entries in the Directory Service by issuing any of the following commands .
Let ’s start out by running ghost to see what we have here .
~ : ghost USAGE : ghost add < hostname > [ < ip=127.0.1.1 > ] ghost modify < hostname > < ip > ghost delete < hostname > ghost list ghost empty
Okay , let ’s see if there is anything already listed .
~ : ghost list Listing 0 host (s ) :
Nope .
Let ’s test this out .
First , we ’ll try to ping a domain name that we hope does n’t exist .
~ : ping bigbrown.cow ping : cannot resolve bigbrown.cow : Unknown host
Alright , now we ’ll add bigbrown.cow with ghost .
~ : ghost add bigbrown.cow Password : [ Adding ] bigbrown.cow -> 127.0.0.1
As you can see , it required root credentials to do this as it ’s system - wide .
Let ’s now see if we can talk to bigbrown.cow .
~ : ping bigbrown.cow PING bigbrown.cow ( 127.0.0.1 ) : 56 data bytes 64 bytes from 127.0.0.1 : icmp_seq=0 ttl=64 time=0.047 ms 64 bytes from 127.0.0.1 : icmp_seq=1 ttl=64 time=0.035 ms ^C --- bigbrown.cow ping statistics --- 2 packets transmitted , 2 packets received , 0 % packet loss round - trip min/avg / max / stddev = 0.035/0.041/0.047/0.006 ms
Excellent !
If we run ghost list again , we should see this record .
~ : ghost list Listing 1 host (s ) : bigbrown.cow -> 127.0.0.1
We can modify the record to a non-localhost IP as well with ghost modify .
~ : ghost modify bigbrown.cow 192.168.10.104 [ Modifying ] bigbrown.cow -> 192.168.10.104 ~ : ghost list Listing 1 host(s ) : bigbrown.cow -> 192.168.10.104
I ’ll let you play with it yourself as there is n’t much to it .
This is a great little addition to my development environment .
Thanks to Nathan for pointing it out and to Bodaniel Jeanes for creating this useful gem .
GAZA  Palestinian militants fired a long - range rocket from Gaza into the Israeli coastal city of Ashkelon on Tuesday and Israel retaliated with airstrikes against smuggling tunnels and a Hamas outpost in southern Gaza , as Egyptian - brokered talks for a sustainable cease - fire continued in Cairo with no obvious progress .
No injuries were reported on the Palestinian or the Israeli side .
But the rocket that fell near a clinic in central Ashkelon was an imported Katyusha , the first of that more powerful type since a tenuous calm took hold more than two weeks ago .
It presented a new challenge to Israeli leaders ahead of elections next Tuesday and raised the possibility of a military escalation should the Egyptian initiative fail .
“ We promised peace and safety to those living in southern Israel , and we will deliver , ” the Israeli defense minister , Ehud Barak , vowed Tuesday .
Israel pulled its troops out of Gaza on Jan. 18 , ending a devastating three - week offensive that Israel said had been primarily meant to deter such rocket attacks .
Israel and Hamas , the Islamic group that rules Gaza , declared separate cease - fires .
But tit - for - tat attacks have increased since Jan. 27 , when Palestinian militants detonated a bomb that killed an Israeli soldier patrolling the border .
Climate change is " largely irreversible " for the next 1,000 years even if carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) emissions could be abruptly halted , according to a new study led by the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) .
The study 's authors said there was " no going back " after the report showed that changes in surface temperature , rainfall and sea level are " largely irreversible for more than 1,000 years after CO2 emissions are completely stopped . "
NOAA senior scientist Susan Solomon said the study , published in this week 's Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences journal , showed that current human choices on carbon dioxide emissions are set to " irreversibly change the planet . "
Researchers examined the consequences of CO2 building up beyond present - day concentrations of 385 parts per million , and then completely stopping emissions after the peak .
Before the industrial age CO2 in Earth 's atmosphere amounted to only 280 parts per million .
The study found that CO2 levels are irreversibly impacting climate change , which will contribute to global sea level rise and rainfall changes in certain regions .
The authors emphasised that increases in CO2 that occur from 2000 to 2100 are set to " lock in " a sea level rise over the next 1,000 years .
Rising sea levels would cause " irreversible commitments to future changes in the geography of the Earth , since many coastal and island features would ultimately become submerged , " the study said .
Decreases in rainfall that last for centuries can be expected to have a range of impacts , said the authors .
Regional impacts include - but are not limited to - decreased human water supplies , increased fire frequency , ecosystem change and expanded deserts .
- AFP
We are woken at 6 and counted in the cell .
Mine is 12 metres long and just over four metres wide , holding 50 or 60 prisoners , mostly Thais , mostly murderers and rapists .
The cell has one toilet , which is a hole in the ground , and poor ventilation .
I sleep in a face mask because tuberculosis and pneumonia are common .
I 've been in this jail for five months , since my arrest in September .
My book , Verisimilitude , was a rather clumsy first attempt at fiction - only 50 copies were printed and seven sold .
I love Thailand and respect the royal family .
It was never my intention to offend anyone .
For breakfast I have soy milk and a biscuit .
The prisoners wash and shave around troughs covered in grime .
The water is changed once a week .
Then there 's assembly .
We stand to attention as the Thai flag is raised .
We 're asked to pray to a large gold Buddha .
I use the time to collect my thoughts and think about my loved ones .
What Are Anxiety Disorders ?
Anxiety is a normal emotion .
It ’s your brain ’s way of reacting to stress and alerting you of potential danger ahead .
Everyone feels anxious now and then .
For example , you may worry when faced with a problem at work , before taking a test , or before making an important decision .
Occasional anxiety is OK .
But anxiety disorders are different .
They ’re a group of mental illnesses that cause constant and overwhelming anxiety and fear .
The excessive anxiety can make you avoid work , school , family get - togethers , and other social situations that might trigger or worsen your symptoms .
With treatment , many people with anxiety disorders can manage their feelings .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , December 9 , 2008
The Financial Times , one of the most respected and widely read newspapers on the planet , features an editorial today that openly admits the agenda to create a world government based on anti-democratic principles and concedes that the term “ global governance ” is merely a euphemism for the move towards a centralized global government .
For years we were called paranoid nutcases for warning about the elite ’s plans to centralize global power and destroy American sovereignty .
Throughout the 1990 ’s people who talked about the alarming move towards global government were smeared as right - wing lunatics by popular culture and the media .
Now the agenda is out in the open and in our faces , the debunkers have no more ammunition with which to deride us .
A jaw - dropping editorial written by the Financial Times ’ chief foreign affairs commentator Gideon Rachman entitled ‘ And now for a world government ’ lays out the plan for global government and how it is being pushed with deceptive language and euphemisms in order to prevent people from becoming alarmed .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ For the first time in my life , I think the formation of some sort of world government is plausible , ” writes Rachman , citing the financial crisis , “ global warming ” and the “ global war on terror ” as three major pretexts through which it is being introduced .
Rachman writes that “ global governance ” could be introduced much sooner than many expect and that President elect Barack Obama has already expressed his desire to achieve that goal , making reference to Obama ’s circle of advisors which includes Strobe Talbott , who in 1992 stated , “ In the next century , nations as we know it will be obsolete ; all states will recognize a single , global authority .
National sovereignty was n’t such a great idea after all . ”
Rachman then concedes that the more abstract term “ global governance , ” which is often used by top globalists like David Rockefeller as a veil to offset accusations that a centralized global government is the real agenda , is merely a trick of “ soothing language ” that is used to prevent “ people reaching for their rifles in America ’s talk - radio heartland ” .
“ But some European thinkers think that they recognise what is going on , ” says Rachman .
“ Jacques Attali , an adviser to President Nicolas Sarkozy of France , argues that : “ Global governance is just a euphemism for global government . ”
As far as he is concerned , some form of global government cannot come too soon .
Mr Attali believes that the “ core of the international financial crisis is that we have global financial markets and no global rule of law ” .
Rachman proceeds to outline what the first steps to an official world government would look like , including the creation of “ A legally binding climate - change agreement negotiated under the auspices of the UN and the creation of a 50,000 - strong UN peacekeeping force ” .
“ A “ world government ” would involve much more than co-operation between nations , ” writes Rachman .
“ It would be an entity with state - like characteristics , backed by a body of laws .
The European Union has already set up a continental government for 27 countries , which could be a model .
The EU has a supreme court , a currency , thousands of pages of law , a large civil service and the ability to deploy military force . ”
“ So , it seems , everything is in place .
For the first time since homo sapiens began to doodle on cave walls , there is an argument , an opportunity and a means to make serious steps towards a world government , ” concludes Rachman , before acknowledging that the path to global government will be “ slow and painful ” .
Tellingly , Rachman concedes that “ International governance tends to be effective , only when it is anti-democratic , ” citing the continual rejection of EU expansion when the question is put to a vote .
“ In general , the Union has progressed fastest when far - reaching deals have been agreed by technocrats and politicians – and then pushed through without direct reference to the voters , ” writes Rachman .
So there you have it – one of the world ’s top newspapers , editorially led by chief economics commentator Martin Wolf , a top Bilderberg luminary , openly proclaiming that not only is world government the agenda , but that world government will only be achieved through dictatorial measures because the majority of the people are dead against it .
Will we still be called paranoid conspiracy theorists for warning that a system of dictatorial world government is being set up , even as one of the world ’s most influential newspapers admits to the fact ?
Or will people finally wake up and accept that there is a globalist agenda to destroy sovereignty , any form of real democracy , and freedom itself in the pursuit of an all - powerful , self - interested , centralized , unrepresentative and dictatorial world government ?
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
This week ’s simple longest path exercise seems to have had more mileage in it than I expected .
Thanks to everyone ’s comments and suggestions , I ’ve updated with a number of times with , among other things , an improved Haskell version that acts on path elements instead of just characters .
But I had intended to do a version of this in Perl .
I mentioned last time that the typical approach in this language would be nested hashes … which elicited the comment :
Ugh , one of the absolute worst things with perl : nonsensical handling of nested data structures .
Every other modern language does this vastly better .
Em ’s fightin’ words !
So let ’s try it in Perl and see how it looks …
First of all we need to create the multilevel hash .
We want to end up with something like this :
{ '' => { ' a ' => { ' a ' => {} } , ' qux ' => { ' wibble ' => {} } , ' foo ' => { ' bar ' => { ' baz ' => {} } } , ' aa ' => {} } } ;
The usual way to do this is to maintain an idea of the node that we ’re currently in , and follow it to the next item of the path , changing the $ node variable to the next level down .
So , if we had a path / foo / bar / baz , we ’d start off with an empty hash {} , create the next node { foo= > {} } and start the process again with the new empty hash {} and the remaining path bar / baz .
Remind you of anything ?
I thought it looked a little like a fold with an accumulator variable : the $ node is the accumulator , which is initialised to {} and which gets set to each corresponding node in turn .
The path is the list that we fold over .
And it tickled me that we can write :
use List :: Util ' reduce ' ; sub mk_hash { my % hash ; reduce { $ a ->{ $ b} ||= {} } \ %hash , split '/ ' for @_ ; return \ %hash ; }
In polite company ( well , in Perlish polite company at last ) , calling map in a void context is frowned upon , as it ’s abusing a functional operator for its side effects .
Here we are abusing reduce , making it destructive on a tree , and discarding its ( useless ) return value ( the final leaf $ node element ) .
But it does work exactly as required : ( the for @_ means that we run this sick fold on each path in turn ) and returns a multilevel hash .
I ’m aware that the example above might confirm the original commenter ’s dislike of Perl hackishness .
Personally I think it ’s quite cute , mixing a beautiful functional idiom with pragmatic mutation .
This may be brought on by my dabbling with Perl and FP programming languages , and is probably incurable .
If you are either a ) disgusted or b ) confused by the Perl code above , you might like to try implementing the traditional algorithm ( please let me know ! )
We ’ll have a look at the equivalent in Haskell shortly .
There is n’t a leaves function built in for multilevel hashes ( we do find some in the Tree : : and Graph : : namespaces , but let ’s stick with the core datastructures for now ) , so let ’s build one .
This version is actually very similar to an FP language definition I think .
sub leaves { my ( $ node , $ path ) = @_ ; if ( keys % $node ) { #
We still have to descend into all the leaves map { my ( $ k , $ v ) =@$ _ ; leaves ( $v , [ @$ path , $ k ] ) ; } kv_list $ node } else { # the base case - we are at a leaf , so return path !
join '/' , @$path ; } }
Sadly , though there ’s an inbuilt iterator each , there is n’t a flat list of keys / values , so we ’ll have to define the function kv_list used above .
The easiest way would be :
sub kv_list { my $ hashref = shift ; map { [ $ _ => $ hashref - >{$ _} ] } keys % $hashref ; }
Though we could also create an “ iterator_to_list ” function that acts on each .
And now , the Haskell version : let ’s start with creating the tree .
Instead of a hash , we ’ll use Data .
Map which is similar , but has an implementation better suited to purely functional usage .
Of course , we ca n’t use the same technique as the Perl version : we do n’t have destructive mutation , and if we did a fold , it would merely return the final leaf node of each path .
So we start with a simpler recursive definition .
I say “ simpler ” , but I needed a lot of help with this .
Luckily #haskell came to the rescue : rwbarton pointed out that I ’d need a newtype to do a recursive map , Heffalump improved it with unNode , sjanssen and quicksilver helped with a missing node constructors etc .
So eventually my naive version of the code looked like :
import qualified Data .
Map as M import Text .
Regex newtype Node = Node { unNode :: M.Map String Node } deriving Show dive :: Node -> [ String ] ->
Node dive n [ ] = n dive n ( s:ss ) = let v = M.lookup s ( unNode n ) :: Maybe Node n' = case v of Nothing -> Node M.empty Just v' -> v' :: Node in Node $ M.insert s ( dive n' ss ) ( unNode n ) splitpath = splitRegex $ mkRegex " / " make_tree ps = foldl dive ( Node M.empty ) $ map splitpath ps
This is quite clumsy , and could be improved by replacing the lookup / insertion with a single insertWith .
The Data .
Map API is quite large and you need to play with it a bit to get your head around it !
And of course I got a better version , from sjanssen :
import qualified Data .
Map as M import Text .
Regex import Data .
Monoid newtype Node = Node { unNode :: M.Map String Node } instance Monoid Node where mempty = Node M.empty mappend ( Node x ) ( Node y ) = Node $ M.unionWith mappend x y splitPath = splitRegex $ mkRegex " / " nodeFromPath = foldr ( \x n -> Node $ M.singleton x n ) mempty .
splitPath nodeFromPaths :: [ FilePath ] ->
Node nodeFromPaths = mconcat . map nodeFromPath
There are a number of clever things here !
First of all , he returns the root node using a fold , which I was dubious about being able to do .
That ’s because instead of diving from the root , he starts from the right ( foldr ) and constructs the leaf node , then inserts that as the value of the node above , all the way up to the top .
Very cute .
Then note that he ’s using the Data .
Map API elegantly : notice how he uses M.singleton where I would have naively done a fromList of a single element , for example .
Also , instead of having to descend each tree , updating , he simply creates a set of single path trees , then merges them together at the end with M.unionWith .
Finally , it ’s using Monoid s , which ( as well as being a classic Doctor Who monster ) is a fancy way of saying “ they behave like appendable things ” ( more or less ) .
In fact you could write the snippet above without , but it does give us the convenient mempty and mconcat functions .
So , which version do you prefer ?
I mentioned to sjanssen that I thought the Haskell one had more “ concepts ” , but actually both versions use folds and some sort of mapping data structure .
One is destructive , the other pure .
Of course , as he pointed out , not knowing Perl , my version looked incomprehensible .
But if you did n’t know how to write the sick fold above in Perl , you could have easily written a simple recursive version .
Whereas the Haskell version does require some knowledge , like the use of recursive newtypes ( which I found very confusing — and hard to compile / debug ) and as I ’ve mentioned , the Data .
Map API is large , as befits its power .
I ’m too tired to attempt the leaves function in Haskell — please do comment if you give it a go !
A final version of the Gregg report will be sent to the Senate Budget Committee to guide Republicans preparing an alternative to the five - year budget blueprint that the White House issued last month .
But Republican officials indicated today that they expected few important changes in the report 's recommendations .
The draft offers the most specific recommendations for major deficit reduction proposed so far by leaders of either party .
They fall into five major areas .
One is health care .
The draft would require Medicare beneficiaries to pay a fifth of the cost of home health care and laboratory tests , both of which are now fully covered .
It would raise better - off retirees ' premiums for Part B services , primarily physician care .
In the longer term , it would also cut costs by giving retirees vouchers that they could use either to buy coverage from managed care organizations or pay their Medicare premiums ; the beneficiaries could keep most of the savings .
Those changes , with an additional $ 20 billion that the Republicans take from White House budget proposals , would reap a total Medicare saving of at least $ 120 billion , the draft says .
Medicaid , the insurance system for the poor , would be shifted entirely to the states and financed by a Federal block grant that would grow by 4 percent a year .
That would save $ 115 billion .
A second area of proposed cuts is welfare .
The draft adopts Republican governors ' plan to turn most Federal welfare services over to the states and finance them with block grants , saying this would save $ 40 billion .
Supplemental Security Income , a fast - growing benefit for the disabled , would be " fundamentally reformed " to limit eligibility and costs , at a $ 22 billion saving .
And the growth in the earned - income tax credit , which assists low - income working families , would be cut $ 27 billion , not only by eliminating fraud but also by closing loopholes that now prevent investment returns from being counted as income .
A third area is Federal pensions .
The draft proposes applying cost - of - living increases only to the first $ 13,800 of annual Federal retirement benefits , the same level used to calculate increases in Social Security checks .
The report also suggests increasing Federal workers ' contributions to some pension accounts .
Total saving : $ 17 billion .
January 26 , 2009 -- Against the dramatic background of a profound global food and general economic crisis the Spanish government organised the “ High Level Ministerial Meeting on Food Security for All ” on the January 26 - 27 , 2009 , in Madrid .
The emergency of today is rooted in decades of neoliberal policies that dismantled the international institutional architecture for food and agriculture and undermined the capacity of national governments to protect their food producers and consumers .
The central cause of the current food crisis is the relentless promotion of the interests of large industrial corporations and the international trade that they control , to the detriment of food production at the local and national levels and the needs and interests of local food producers and communities .
At the World Food Summit in 1996 , when there were an estimated 830 million hungry people , governments pledged to halve the number by 2015 .
Today , in the midst of a terrible food crisis , the figure of hungry people has risen to well beyond 1 billion .
Stop land grabbing for agrofuel and industrial food production
In this context the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) , World Bank and the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) are pushing for more trade liberalisation , more support for agribusiness and increased sales of fertilisers and genetically modified seeds .
As the vicious food price crisis deepens , transnational companies are moving into southern countries on a huge scale and starting to capture millions of hectares of land in order to bring agricultural production further under their control for industrial agrofuel and food production for the international market .
Millions of peasants will be pushed out of food production , adding to the hungry in the rural areas and the slums of the big cities .
The few that remain will work under full control of the transnational companies as workers or contract farmers .
This is the very model that the World Bank and the Alliance for a Green Revolution in Africa ( AGRA ) initiative are trying to impose with the funds they have designated to resolve the food crisis .
The solution exists : food sovereignty
Contrary to the impression that is given by confused officials , a solution to the crisis exists and is easy to implement if there is sufficient political will .
Peasant - based agriculture and livestock raising and artisanal fisheries can easily provide enough food once these small - scale food producers can get access to land and aquatic resources and can produce for stable local and domestic markets .
This model produces far more food per hectare than the corporate model , enables people to produce their own food and guarantees stable supply .
In June 2008 during the High Level Conference on the food and climate crisis , organised by the Food and Agriculture Organisation of the United Nations ( FAO ) , many concrete proposals were made by peoples ’ organisations and other non-governmental organisations in a declaration “ No More Failures as Usual ” that was supported by more than 800 organisations .
The declaration called on governments to :
Reinstate the right of governments to intervene and regulate in the food and agricultural sector in order achieve food sovereignty .
Reject Green Revolution models .
Industrialised agriculture and fisheries are no solution .
This view was clearly supported by the broad based international assessment .
Prioritise the participation small - scale farmers , pastoralists and fisherfolk in the formulation of policies .
Make food sovereignty and the right to food prevail over trade agreements and other international policies .
Restructure United Nations agencies involved in food and agriculture to make them more effective .
Governments at the Madrid meeting have yet to take these demands into account .
No effective response so far
Since the earlier food crisis in the 1970s , many initiatives have been taken to tackle the food crisis .
In the seventies , a so - called World Food Council was set up to tackle the crisis .
The council never functioned and was in the end abolished in the 1990s .
In 2002 the International Alliance Against Hunger was adopted by the FAO World Food Summit : five years later but it is totally ineffective .
At the moment France and other G8 countries and Spain are proposing a “ Global Partnership ” .
This initiative will generate more fragmentation and provide more of the same wrong recipes .
For the first time in the UN , this ``partnership '' would give transnational companies ( TNCs ) and the big foundations such as the Bill Gates Foundations an official seat at the table .
Last year , a UN - High Level Task Force was set up to coordinate actions of the UN agencies , the Bretton Woods institutions and the WTO , and a common framework for action ( CFA ) was developed .
Although increased coordination between UN agencies is desperately needed , the task force is mainly driven by the G8 donor countries and multilateral institutions like the World Bank , the WTO and IMF .
The CFA was written by the international bureaucracy without any serious consultation with governments and civil society .
Although support for small farmers is mentioned in the text , the interests of the multilateral institutions and the G8 countries dominate .
The text clearly pushes for more trade liberalisation and the World Bank wants to use this mechanism to channel big funding to agribusinesses for a second ``green revolution '' , particularly in Africa .
The FAO and other UN agencies , that have a mandate and the expertise to implement effective programs , are isolated and marginalised .
Where is the political will to address the crisis in a serious way ?
The show in Madrid orchestrated by Jeffrey Sachs and the Spanish government , that includes some “ panels with civil society ” , presents itself as a total sham .
By way of preparation for the meeting , the Spanish government presented a proposal for a " Global Partnership " in which " the voices of the poor shall be enhanced , heard and taken into account in the whole process " , but the way the Madrid meeting is set up hardly reflects this commitment .
One or two peasant representatives may perhaps speak a few minutes from the floor while transnational companies , such as Monsanto , and the Bill Gates Foundation , the WTO , World Bank and the IMF sit on the podium !
In the midst of the present financial crisis , when banks go bankrupt one after the other primarily due to excessive gambling , it is absurd to ask banks and financial institutions to solve the food crisis .
The principle of “ one dollar – one vote ” that the World Bank and the donor countries are trying to introduce has to be rejected .
No serious effort has been made to bring representatives of peasant farmers , fisherfolk , indigenous people and urban organisations that represent affected people to the table .
Once again , the main stakeholders in the debate on the food crisis have been completely sidelined .
Only some hand - picked NGOs are asked to give their opinions .
This event just serves to push through initiatives that lack any legitimacy and will again be totally ineffective or may even make things even worse !
Policies based on food sovereignty are desperately needed
National governments have to take up their responsibilities and urgently implement the following measures :
Bring the disastrous volatility of food prices in domestic markets to a standstill .
National governments should take full control over the import and export of food in order to stabilise local markets .
Set up policies to actively support peasant - based food production and artisanal fishing , local markets and the implementation of agrarian and aquatic reform .
Peasant - based production , based on agroecology , has proved to be more effective : it produces more food per hectare and gives work ( and access to food ) to many more people ) [ 1 ] .
Stop corporate land grabbing for industrial agro-fuels and food production .
The UN agencies have to support the initiatives of national governments and forbid the WTO , World Bank and the IMF from interfering in national policies regarding food and agriculture .
The WTO , WB and IMF should therefore be excluded from implementation of the proposals of the UN task force .
No more new structures and initiatives !
We protest vigorously against this circus of the ongoing creation of new structures and spaces .
They are bound to fail again and again as they undermine existing bodies yet continue to implement the same bad policies .
The space where the issue of food is discussed at the international level used to be concentrated in one agency , the FAO .
This space has been fragmented , since the last food crisis , into many different institutions that all have their say over food and agriculture : FAO , International Fund for Agricultural Development ( IFAD ) , the World Food Program ( WFP ) , the Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research ( CGIAR ) , WTO , WB , IMF , etc .
On top of this , exactly those who bear the heaviest responsibility for this crisis ( WTO , WB and IMF ) will dominate the new structures .
One single space in the UN system needed
Until now UN agencies ( FAO , IFAD , WFP ) as well as the CGIAR have dramatically failed to address the crisis in an effective way due to lack of funding , inefficient functioning and lack of focus on support for peasant and fisher - based domestic food production .
This has to change .
The global governance of agriculture and food has to be dramatically improved .
We need one single space in the UN system that acts in total independence of the WTO , the WB and the IMF , with a clear mandate from governments , a decisive participation of peasant , fisherfolk and other civil society organisations and a transparent and democratic process of decision making .
This has to be the unique space where food and agriculture issues are discussed , where policies and rules are set and where all financial resources are controlled .
Donor countries should show the same commitment to the financial crisis as to the food crisis and commit the necessary funding to the UN agencies to really tackle the issue .
Of the US $ 24 billion promised at the Rome Conference in June 2008 , only a small part has been provided .
Funding to solve the food crisis is important .
But we do n't want this money to be spent on providing more high - tech seeds , more chemical fertiliser and more of the same old recipes that have already failed in the past , as is happening now .
We want support for a true reorientation of the global food system towards food sovereignty .
This statement was facilitated by members of the International Planning Committee for Food Sovereignty ( IPC ) .
The IPC is a facilitating network in which key international social movements and organisations collaborate around the issue of food sovereignty .
For more info : http://www.foodsovereignty.org
Signatories of the statement “ Accelerating into disaster – when banks manage the food crisis ”
1. La Via Campesina
2. COAG ( Coordinadora de Organizaciones de Agricultores y Ganaderos ) -- Spain
3. Plataforma Rural -- Spain
4. GRAIN - International
5. Centro Internazionale Crocevia – Italy
6. Associazione Italiana per l’Agricoltura Biologica ( AIAB ) -- Italy
7. ETC Group -- Canada
8. Practical Action – United Kingdom
9. FIAN - International
10 . CENESTA – Iran
11 . The Development Fund – Norway
12 . Veterinarios Sin Fronteras – Spain
13 . CONAPACH – Chile
14 . Terra Nuova – Italia
15 . Associazione Rurale Italiana ( ARI ) – Italia
16 . Rete di Economia Solidale Italiana – Italia
17 . Arcipelago Moneta nazionale – Italia
18 . Distretto di Economia Solidale di Verona e Provincia - Italia
19 . Antenna Italiana AEFJN -- Italia
20 . KUMINDA - Associazione Cibopertutti -- Italia
21 . Chiama l’Africa -- Italia
22 . Movimento Campesino de Santiago del Estero ( MOCASE ) -- Argentina
23 . Ecological Society -- Philippines
24 . Southern Mongolian Human Rights Information Center
25 . BAFLF – Bangladesh
26 . Zones Arides
27 . Economic Justice and Development Organisation ( EJAD ) – Pakistan
28 . Sustainable Agriculture Action Group ( SAAG ) -- Pakistan
29 . Potohar Organisation for Development Advocacy ( PODA ) – Pakistan
30 . Centre for Indigenous Peoples of Indus ( CIPI ) – Pakistan
31 . Associazione Italiana per la Cooperazione e lo Sviluppo ( AUCS ) – Italy
32 . Coordination Nationale des Organisations Paysannes – Mali
33 . ACRA
34 . CISV
35 . Haica Europe ( Faith and Justice Network )
36 . CRBM
37 . Help Local Trade
38 . Terre Contadine / Italiafrica
39 . FAIR Italy
40 . Plataforma Rural
41 . Amigos de la Tierra
42 . Comité de Apoyo al MST
43 . Ecologistas en Acción
44 . Mundubat
45 . Red África Europa
46 . Sindicato Lábrego Galego ( SLG )
47 . Ekologistak Martxan
48 . Entrepueblos y Red Solidaria Ítaca
49 . Comité de solidaridad con África Negra
Notes
1. see http://www.foodfirst.org/en/node/246.
See more concrete proposals in the declaration “ No more failures as usual ” published at the occasion of the FAO High Level Conference , June 2008 , and supported by over 800 organisations ( http://www.nyeleni.eu/foodemergency).
See http://www.agassessment.org, this is the so - called International Assessment of Agricultural Knowledge , Science and Technology for Development ( IAASTD ) .
Surprise ending in Madrid :
No consensus on a G - 8 driven partnership against hunger ... for now
Final declaration of farmers and civil society organisations
January 28 , 2009 --
As representatives of peasant farmers and other small scale food producers , together with organisations that support them ( * ) , we want to express the following :
We gathered in Madrid with low expectations .
We were extremely unhappy with the process and the contents of this conference .
Although WE are the ones who produce most of the world ’s food , we had not been offered a serious space to give our opinion on what should be done , either in the preparatory process or in the conference programme itself .
As a consequence , the meeting was not focussed on the crucial question of how to solve the dramatic food crisis that we are facing , but rather on a discussion by donors about how to spend their money .
Without serious questioning the real structural causes behind the food crisis , any discussion about more or less aid money targets symptoms rather than addressing the real issues .
This explains the simplistic `more of the same ' recipes to solve the crisis presented in Madrid : more fertiliser , more hybrid seeds and more agrochemicals for small farmers .
This approach has already been a total failure in the past , and has been the source of elimination and suffering of millions of small producers , environmental destruction and climate change .
It is also clear that none of the actors here were prepared to deal with the crucial and conflictual issue of how local food producers are being denied access to land and territories , which constitutes the single most important threat to local food production .
Many of the communally held land territories are now under threat from privatisation and land grabbing by transnational corporations to plant agrofuels or other commodities for the international markets .
We need fundamental agrarian and aquatic reforms to keep land in the hands of local communities to be able to produce food .
But several factors combined to squash the organisers ’ hope of ending the conference with the triumphal proclamation of an ethereal Global Partnership for Agricultural and Food Security crafted by the G8 with agribusiness corporations panting to take up residence .
One factor was the fact that many developing country governments rejected a proposal on which no one had bothered to consult them .
Another was the strong stand taken by FAO to keep global governance of food and agriculture centred in the Rome - based UN agencies .
And our participation – both within the conference and in actions outside – helped to remind delegates that there can be no successful approach to the food crisis that does not build on the alternatives that millions of small food producers are developing day by day .
The solution to the food crisis exists , and is being fought for in many communities .
It is called food sovereignty .
An approach oriented towards peasant - based agriculture and artisanal fisheries , prioritising local markets and sustainable production methods and based on the right to food and the right of peoples to define their own agricultural policies .
To be able to achieve this , we need to :
Reinstate the right of governments to intervene and regulate in the food and agricultural sector .
The right to food , as already accepted by the UN , should be the central cornerstone on the basis of which the solutions to the food crisis are to be constructed .
Dominate the disastrous volatility of food prices in domestic markets .
National governments should take full control over the import and export of food in order to stabilize local markets .
Reject Green Revolution models .
Industrialised agriculture and fisheries are no solution .
Set up policies to actively support peasant - based food production and artisanal fishing , local markets and the implementation of agrarian and aquatic reform .
Stop corporate land grabbing for industrial agrofuels and commodity production .
We need one single space in the UN system that acts in total independence of the international financial and trade institutions , with a clear mandate from governments , decisive participation by peasant , fisherfolk and other small scale food producers , and a transparent and democratic process of decision making .
This has to be the unique space where food and agriculture issues are discussed , where policies and rules are set .
We see the proposed Global Partnership as just another move to give the big corporations and their foundations a formal place at the table , despite all the rhetoric about the ``inclusiveness '' of this initiative .
Furthermore it legitimates the participation of WTO , World Bank and IMF and other neoliberalism - promoting institutions in the solution of the very problems they have caused .
This undermines any possibility for civil society or governments from the Global South to play any significant role .
We do not need this Global Partnership or any other structure outside the UN system .
The battle was won in Madrid , but we have no illusions that the promoters of the Global Partnership have given up the fight , and we will continue to engage them .
(*)
These include Via Campesina , COAG , and many NGOs .
The organisations present at the Madrid meeting presented a detailed statement with our assessment and proposals “ Accelerating into disaster – When banks manage the food crisis ” .
It can be downloaded from the website of the IPC , which has facilitated our participation in this conference :
http://www.foodsovereignty.org
Phelps lost a lucrative sponsorship after being photographed smoking pot .
He was diagnosed with ADHD as a child .
( GETTY IMAGES )
After a British tabloid photo of Michael Phelps apparently smoking marijuana at a college party surfaced early this month , the Olympic swimmer apologized to his fans and to the public , citing his youth , his “ regrettable ” behavior , and his “ bad judgment . ”
What he did n't mention — and what may or may not have influenced his behavior — was attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) , a condition with which he was diagnosed at age nine .
About 60 % of children with ADHD have symptoms that persist into adulthood .
Phelps no longer takes medication for ADHD , and his mother has said he is now able to focus his attention using physical training ( including swimming ) and behavioral modification he learned as a child .
While the 14 - time Olympic gold medalist is generally seen as an all - American role model , this most recent photo was not the first blemish on his record :
In November 2004 , Phelps — just 19 at the time — ran a stop sign and was arrested for driving under the influence .
More about adult ADHD
In recent days , several blogs have raised Phelps ADHD in connection with the party photo , suggesting that he may have been " self - medicating " ; that lots of people with ADHD smoke pot ; or , at the very least , that they tend to act before thinking .
Other commentators have suggested that Phelps is simply a normal 23 - year - old cutting loose after years of rigorous training and self - discipline .
No one can say if ADHD played a role in Phelps behavior .
However , the episode does serve as a reminder that there are unanswered questions about ADHD 's impact on impulsive decision making and substance use — and the importance of seeking diagnosis and treatment as soon as possible , before problems develop .
[ pagebreak ] Research suggests that children with ADHD are more likely than their non-ADHD peers to drink alcohol and use drugs later in life , specifically as teenagers .
A 2003 study published in the Journal of Abnormal Psychology found that more than a third of the ADHD participants ( out of 140 teenagers who had been diagnosed as children ) reported smoking marijuana , compared to just over a quarter of the non-ADHD control group .
Nearly twice as many in the ADHD group reported being drunk more than once in the previous six months .
For children whose ADHD continues into adulthood , the overall risk of developing a substance use disorder is as high as 50 % , by some estimates .
( Substance use disorders include a range of problematic drinking and drug-use patterns , not dependence or addiction alone . )
Inattention and impulsivity both play a role
Although the exact connection remains unknown , experts believe ADHD and substance use are linked by a complex blend of environmental and genetic factors .
Treatment Options for ADHD at Any Age
Image zoom
You may consider medication , talk therapy , or lifestyle changes Read moreMore about Adult ADHD
" Some of the risk factors for ADHD are also risk factors for substance abuse , " says Stephen Faraone , PhD , a professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at SUNY Upstate Medical University .
" The apparent genetic link between ADHD and substance abuse is pretty well validated by family studies and twin studies . "
Several questions about the link between ADHD and substance use remain unanswered , however .
It is unclear , for instance , whether the symptoms of ADHD — most notably impulsivity — lend themselves to substance use ( and abuse ) or whether negative effects of those symptoms ( such as difficulty with school , work , or relationships ) steer people toward drinking and drug use .
In the 2003 study , the use of drugs and alcohol was correlated most strongly to the adolescents ' levels of inattention , which , along with impulsivity - hyperactivity , is considered one of the main characteristics of ADHD .
This finding was somewhat surprising , says study coauthor Brooke Molina , MD , an associate professor of psychiatry at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine .
Researchers who study substance use and ADHD have tended to " zero in on impulsivity , " she explains , because studies have shown impulsivity can predict alcohol , drug , and tobacco use over the long term .
Although impulsivity clearly plays an important role in ADHD and substance use , Dr. Molina suspects that inattention — which can cause academic and social problems that can in turn contribute to substance use — may prove to a more important factor than has been thought .
Next Page : Job and relationship stress may affect ADHD adults
[ pagebreak ] The role of age in substance use among people with ADHD is also an open question .
Most studies have looked at teenagers , rather than adults in their 20s and beyond , so the ways in which ADHD affects substance use in different stages of life remain unclarified .
Treatment Options for ADHD at Any Age
Image zoom
You may consider medication , talk therapy , or lifestyle changes Read moreMore about Adult ADHD
In a 2007 study , Dr. Molina and her coauthors reported that childhood ADHD predicted heavy drinking in 15 - to 17 - year - olds , but not in 18 - to 25 - year - olds .
It 's not that the young adults with ADHD suddenly stopped drinking , Dr. Molina explains ; it 's that they entered the age bracket , which includes college students , in which frequent and heavy drinking is most common .
Dr. Molina and her colleagues plan to follow the study participants into their late 20s , when heavy drinking in the general population tends to subside as people marry and pursue careers .
But adults in that age range with ADHD , she notes , tend to experience difficulties with job performance , social relationships , and other common life experiences .
" We have a hypothesis that a substantial number of those ADHD heavy drinkers will not mature out of it , " Dr. Molina says .
" There are quite a few impairments that will follow a number of these kids that should in theory contribute to continued drinking problems . "
[ pagebreak ] Phelps was diagnosed with ADHD in elementary school , Phelps 's mother told the New York Times in 2008 , when his teachers remarked on his lack of focus and inability to sit still .
Between the ages of 9 and 11 , he took Ritalin , a stimulant medication prescribed for ADHD .
Ultimately , he asked to be taken off the medication because he felt stigmatized by going to the nurse 's office every day .
Treatment Options for ADHD at Any Age
Image zoom
You may consider medication , talk therapy , or lifestyle changes Read moreMore about Adult ADHD
Some research suggests that children with ADHD who are treated with stimulants may be less likely to use drugs and alcohol .
( Some observers , on the other hand , have suggested that stimulants , which can be abused , may actually predispose children with ADHD to substance use . )
A 2008 study that followed a group of adolescent women with ADHD for five years found that the participants who had been treated with stimulants were nearly 75 % less likely to develop a substance - use disorder than those who were not , while other research has shown that the use of ADHD medication in young men reduces the risk of later substance - use disorders by 85 % .
Although the reason for this apparent " protective effect " remains unknown , Faraone ( who was involved in both of the studies ) says the symptoms of ADHD seem to play a role .
" It 's very possible that symptoms such as impulsivity put adolescents at risk for substance abuse , " Faraone says .
" If you 're an impulsive adolescent , and you 're at a party where someone is passing around a marijuana cigarette , you 're more likely to say ' I 'll try that ' if your impulsive symptoms are not controlled well by stimulants . "
Is the ADHD brain drawn to drugs and alcohol ?
Another explanation may be genetic .
Both stimulant treatment and substance use involve dopamine and catecholamine , chemicals in the brain involved in pleasure , reward , and stress .
Studies in hyperactive rats have shown that stimulant therapy decreases hyperactivity as well as the appetite for alcohol and other substances , according to Faraone , which suggest that stimulants may act on ADHD symptoms and substance use in similar ways .
" A medication like a stimulant affects the way the brain works , " Faraone says .
" And when you affect the way the brain works in a child , what you 're doing in the child 's brain to help ADHD may somehow also be preventing substance abuse at a neurological level , as opposed to a behavioral level . "
Virtualization is all the rage these days ; it 's used by developers , Mac users , Windows aficionados , and Linux fans to make life a little easier in a multi-OS world .
As more non-enterprise users begin taking advantage of virtual machines , virtualization companies are stepping up their offerings in order to make things as easy as possible .
For instance , VMware 's vCenter Converter enables users to create VMware virtual machines from physical machines as well as disk images , and was updated to version 4.0 last week .
It now contains even more options for generating virtual machines .
VMware Fusion , the company 's Mac virtualization software , has become very popular , but it can do even more when combined with something like Converter .
As the name suggests , VMware Converter creates VMware virtual machines from a wide range of sources , including physical machines .
Converter 4.0 now supports the creating of virtual machines from Windows Server 2008 physical machines , as well as Linux machines running Red Hat Enterprise Linux , SUSE , and Ubuntu .
Even better , Converter can now create virtual machines from third - party formats like Norton Ghost , and ( of course ) Parallels Desktop .
Although Converter does n't actually run on OS X , all of the virtual machines that it creates can be used on VMware Fusion , so Mac users now have an easier way to create Linux virtual machines if they need it for development or just want to try out Ubuntu .
Converter 4.0 also contains a few other new features that i did n't discuss , but which can be found in the release notes .
The software is available for free from VMware , so give it a whirl if you 're curious .
She added : " Luckily the thief did not get my purse .
Years ago I would put it in my handbag but because muggings are becoming common I started putting it in my pocket .
I suppose it is a sign of the times that even nuns are not safe . "
We could be heading for an era of ' E - Enabled Open Government ' in the world of freedom of information in the UK .
That anyway is according to a new book , Constitutional Futures Revisited , which predicts the future of constitutional change in the UK .
The authors of the chapter on FOI , Mark Glover and Sarah Holsen , argue that a scenario of ' government on the web ' with an emphasis on proactive disclosure of information by public authorities is the most sustainable scenario , satisfying both government and openness advocates .
But they do point out that this is set against an international trend towards ' a gradual weakening of the FOI law through administrative or legislative means ' .
If public authorities do move towards much greater proactive disclosure , then one vehicle should be their publication schemes .
The Information Commissioner is introducing a new model scheme from 1 January 2009 , which public authorities will have to abide by ( the BBC has just revamped its FOI site here ) .
The current pattern of proactive disclosure certainly seems to throw up all sorts of apparent anomalies .
For example , if you want to know about cases where judges have imposed unduly lenient sentences , the full detail is available - name of judge , details of the initial and the increased sentence , nature of offence , etc .
But suppose you wanted comparable information for sentences reduced on appeal .
Some overall statistics are available ( and admittedly there are many more cases ) , but nothing like the same level of detail - and the Courts Service has refused to provide it to the BBC .
Glover and Holsen do see alternative possible scenarios of ' Death by a Thousand Cuts ' ( in which FOI is starved of resources ) or ' Legal Trench Warfare ' ( in which government resists disclosures in every way ) .
Of course some requesters will feel they are living through such experiences already .
This week the BBC received an apology from the National Offender Management Service , now part of the Ministry of Justice , which had spent several months claiming that it was considering the public interest in releasing certain items of information - information which it then turned out it did not actually possess .
The letter of apology to my colleague Nicola Beckford stated : ' The lapse in the handling of your request was caused by a breakdown in our procedures .
This resulted in officials being mistaken in judging that information existed when it did not . '
I have discussed the topic of ' NOMS and the ontological problem ' previously .
NOMS has a particularly bad reputation for its requests and records management , but perhaps it has n't quite got to the point of the German government .
A few days ago it was reported that the German government has lost more than 300 files that are so top secret no - one knows what was in them .
But whatever the problems that sometimes crop up with freedom of information , the latest MoJ quarterly statistics on FOI out this week indicate that the number of requests to central government bodies is remarkably stable , perhaps even slightly increasing .
This suggests that freedom of information is not so pointless that people are giving up on it , nor so fruitful that people are wanting to use it much more .
And my view is that things are likely to continue in this way for the moment , whatever scenarios may appear in the future .
Personally I 'm going to be concentrating on some other projects at the BBC for the next three months or so .
I may continue to post on this blog from time to time , but it will be more intermittent .
Vectorizing Barack Obama Posted on 29/1/09
Yes we can ( use the pen tool ) .
I 've been busy drawing a follow to the Summer 2008 State of the Web , and for the Winter 2009 version I 'm going to have a slide featuring Barack Obama .
I just finished turning him into a vector illustration and I 'm really pleased with how it turned out .
still feel very clunky using Adobe Illustrator , but it 's getting much easier .
Click for a larger version
One last thing : like I said I 'm drawing the followup to the State of the Web , so I 'm looking for any ideas on what to draw .
I 've already got a pretty good list going , including adultfriendfinder filing for IPO , sad [ something ] is sad , and a bunch of zunes crashing when the clock rolled over to 2009 .
If you have any additional items , feel free to let me know .
I 'm looking for popular memes ( such as rickrolling ) , but stuff that 's a bit more recent .
A topical microbicide that silences two genes can safely protect against genital herpes infection for as long as one week , according to a joint study by researchers at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine of Yeshiva University and Harvard Medical School .
Deborah Palliser , Ph.D.
The study , carried out in mice and published in Cell Host & Microbe , represents a major step toward developing a vaginal microbicide that offers women convenient , long - lasting protection against herpes infection .
Such a microbicide might also help in controlling the AIDS epidemic , since the blisters caused by genital herpes make people more susceptible to HIV infection .
The study 's principal investigators were Deborah Palliser , Ph.D. , assistant professor of microbiology & immunology at Einstein and Judy Lieberman , M.D. , Ph.D. , professor of pediatrics , Harvard Medical School .
An estimated one in five American adults is infected with herpes simplex virus 2 ( HSV - 2 ) , which causes the sexually transmitted disease known as genital herpes .
Most people do n't realize they 're infected , since symptoms are often mild and can be mistaken for other conditions .
When symptoms do occur , they usually appear as blisters on or around the genitals or rectum .
When the blisters break , they leave tender sores that usually take two to four weeks to heal .
HSV - 2 infection is incurable and persists in the body indefinitely , although the number of outbreaks tends to decrease over time .
The most effective way to prevent the transmission of HSV - 2 is to avoid sexual contact during an active outbreak and to use condoms for sexual contact between outbreaks .
When an outbreak occurs , promptly taking the suppressive antiviral drug valacyclovir can help minimize symptoms and reduce the risk of transmitting the virus .
The microbicide in this study is based on RNA interference ( RNAi ) , a mechanism cells use to protect their genetic machinery from viruses and other threats .
RNAi employs short , double - stranded RNAs called small interfering RNAs , or siRNAs .
In 2001 , scientists discovered that synthetic siRNAs can induce RNA interference in mammalian cells — a finding that has triggered interest in harnessing this strategy for biomedical research and drug development .
The HSV - 2 microbicide used in this study inactivates two genes via RNA interference .
One siRNA targets a viral gene , thereby silencing virus immediately following application , but suppression lasts for only a couple of days .
The second siRNA — specific for a cell - surface protein used by HSV - 2 to dock onto cells it infects — takes a few days to silence the gene , but then confers suppression for a week .
By combining the fast - acting - but - short - lived RNAi with the slower - acting - but - long - lived RNAi , the researchers created a vaginal microbicide offering protection that was both immediate ( even warding off an HSV - 2 " challenge " given shortly before the microbicide was applied ) and sustained ( protecting against HSV - 2 challenge for a week after application ) .
" A good microbicide for a sexually transmitted disease must offer long - term protection — compliance will be problematic if it has to be applied immediately before sexual intercourse , " says Dr. Palliser .
" Our microbicide , with its two siRNAs , provided sustained and uninterrupted protection against HSV - 2 infection .
And equally important , we achieved these results without causing inflammation of vaginal tissue — a side effect observed with other siRNAs that also risks neutralizing a microbicide 's benefits .
We 're hopeful that this experimental microbicide can be turned into a cost - effective therapy for use in developing countries where up to 80 percent of the population is infected with HSV - 2 . "
The researchers are currently working to refine the microbicide and as yet have no plans for clinical trials .
In addition to Dr. Lieberman , Dr. Palliser 's coauthors are lead author Yichao Wu , and Francisco Navarro , Ashish Lal , and Emre Basar , of Harvard Medical School , Cambridge , Mass ; Rajendra K. Pandey and Muthiah Manoharan of Alnylam Pharmaceuticals , Cambridge , Mass . ; and Yang Feng and Sandra J. Lee of the Dana Farber Cancer Institute , Boston , Mass .
After some hesitation , Debbie Weinglass , a Jewish West Bank settler , finally decided not to vote for her neighbour , Avigdor Lieberman .
She was worried he might tilt a little too far to the left .
To be fair , Mrs Weinglass does n't put it quite like that .
Instead , she says she was worried that Mr Lieberman , despite being routinely described as a neo - fascist by his more vociferous Arab and left - wing Israeli opponents , might deliver power to the centrist Kadima leader , Tzipi Livni , by joining her , rather than Benjamin Netanyahu 's right - wing Likud , in a coalition .
So she voted for the National Union , committed to a greater Israel stretching all the way from the Mediterranean to the Jordan river .
Mr Lieberman 's 15 seats have cast him in the role of " kingmaker " after last Tuesday 's Israeli election .
With a question mark still hanging over which way he will jump this week , Mrs Weinglass says : " I hope he goes with Netanyahu and not Livni .
I do n't like either of them , and Netanyahu is not really trustworthy .
But Kadima is for giving land for peace , and that 's not realistic .
If you give one inch to the Arabs they will want two . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Over cake and lemonade in the handsome new premises of the library she runs , with its picture window giving a stunning view of this stark landscape , south - east of Bethlehem , where the Judaean Hills meet the desert , the Detroit - born Mrs Weinglass , 51 , explains that she likes the main policies of Mr Lieberman , who vigorously opposed the withdrawal of settlers and troops by Ariel Sharon from Gaza in 2005 .
She agrees with what she says is his view that if 10,000 Jewish settlers were to be removed from Gaza , then 10,000 Israeli Arabs should have been transferred to Gaza in return .
In her opinion the rocket attacks from Hamas - controlled Gaza since disengagement are proof that any further territorial concessions to the Palestinians " will compromise Israel 's security " .
We are at the foot of Herodion , the cone - like artificial hill built for a fortress by King Herod two millennia ago .
Mrs Weinglass , one of the settlement 's founding members , says : " Nokdim is only seven minutes from Jerusalem , and if Herodion was in the land of the Arab , there would be rockets coming down from it on the holy city of Jerusalem . "
In theory , if much less so in practice , this reflects a slight difference between Mrs Weinglass and Nokdim 's most famous resident .
Mr Lieberman has not ruled out – some time in an unspecified future – dividing the land .
But as a precondition he would strip more than 100,000 Israeli Arabs in the northern Wadi Ara triangle of their citizenship by redrawing the borders to make them Palestinian instead of Israeli .
Indeed , Mr Lieberman 's ultra- hawkish stance towards Israeli Arabs is part of what has made him a pivotal political player .
Israeli Arab protests against Israel 's 22 - day offensive in Gaza sharply increased the popularity of his flagship proposal for a " loyalty " test under which Arab citizens would have to pledge allegiance to the Jewish state .
And that , in turn , helped him to take far - right support away from Mr Netanyahu .
The rise of the populist Moldovan - born former nightclub bouncer , alarming to some inside as well as outside Israel , may partly explain unconfirmed reports in the Israeli media yesterday that Washington would prefer a broad Likud - Kadima - Labour coalition – about the only one that could cut Mr Lieberman and his Yisrael Beitenu ( Israel Is Our Home ) party out of office altogether .
As a man who has suggested that Arab Knesset members who have any contact with Hamas representatives should be " executed " , and that Israel should treat Gaza as Russia did Chechnya , he has certainly courted controversy .
Yisrael Beitenu dismissed a recent Haaretz report that he had once been a member of Kach , the party outlawed in 1988 for being racist , as " orchestrated provocation " .
But the Haaretz columnist Akiva Eldar wrote earlier this year : " Even in his most fascist days , [ the late Jörg Haider ] never called on Austria to rid itself of citizens who'd been living in the country for generations .
Also , Haider never suggested standing up legislators representing these citizens in front of a firing squad . "
More substantively , Mr Lieberman resigned from Ehud Olmert 's government last year in protest at a peace process he certainly does not believe in .
This suggested he could still put the brakes on any Barack Obama - inspired attempt to persuade Israel to breathe new life into such a process .
Deep in occupied territory at Nokdim , this is a positive , of course , increasing the respect with which he is viewed by its residents .
Mrs Weinglass , who likes and works closely with Mr Lieberman 's wife , Ella , on educational services for the settlement , points out that it is a mixed religious and secular community .
Indeed , some individual families – like that of Mr Lieberman , whose wife and daughter are both religious – are themselves mixed in this respect .
That fact has helped him among some religious voters who would otherwise be put off by his fiercely secular espousal of civil marriage and the easier conversion of those immigrants with non-Jewish parents .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Both policies , like his Putin - style strongman image , are highly popular among Mr Lieberman 's base of right - wing secular incomers from the former Soviet Union .
Indeed , Rabbi Obadia
Yosef , the spiritual leader of the ultra- orthodox
Shas party , moved to stop the seepage of his own adherents by declaring that voting for Yisrael Beitenu " gives strength to Satan " .
This cuts little more ice with Nokdim residents than the corruption allegations which Mr Lieberman has been trying to shake off for a decade or more .
" With any politician if you look hard enough you will find something in the closet , " says Mrs Weinglass , " but I think he is one of the cleanest . "
Her fellow resident , Latvian - born Yona Frankel , 58 , a close friend of the Liebermans , says of the investigations of his financial affairs : " They have been looking at this for 10 years .
If there was something in it , they would have found it by now . "
The now - gated hillside settlement of 170 detached houses was originally called El David in memory of two residents of neighbouring Tekoa : Eli Pressman , who was killed in action in 1982 during the first Lebanon war , and David Rosenfeld , who was killed at Herodion by Palestinians a month later .
Mrs Frankel is clear that Mr Lieberman 's choice of the settlement was not accidental .
She points out that his family joined in 1988 , living in a caravan for five years .
Mr Lieberman 's 18 - year - old son was named Amos in recognition of the biblical connections with the prophet , a shepherd from neighbouring Tekoa , adds Mrs Frankel .
She says the Yisrael Beitenu leader , like her and her family , " came here out of ideology , because he wanted a Jewish homeland for a Jewish people " .
So how should Mr Lieberman use his " kingmaker " leverage when the coalition - making process starts in earnest ?
" All this coalition talk does n't concern me , " says Mrs Frankel .
" I just want him to be Prime Minister . "
What happens next ?
After results are officially published on Wednesday , President Shimon Peres will invite one party to form a coalition .
Typically , this will be the party with the most seats , but the task can be given to another party if it has more chance of commanding the necessary 61 seats for a majority – which Netanyahu may have .
The chosen leader has 28 days , which may be extended for another 14 .
If he or she fails , the President can give someone else 28 days to form a government .
If no coalition results , fresh elections are likely .
Players in the power game
Benjamin Netanyahu
Has complex relationship with Lieberman , who served as his first chief of staff when he was Prime Minister in 1996 .
They share right - wing positions – for example , believing the army should have toppled Hamas .
But Lieberman wants to replace Netanyahu as leader of the Israeli right , and was the main reason for Likud losing the poll lead it held before the Gaza war .
Tzipi Livni
Has been wooing Lieberman strongly , because his support is her main chance of stopping Netanyahu forming the next government .
A secular politician , she has been stressing their agreement on civil marriage and a willingness – in Lieberman 's case , heavily qualified – to see two states , Israeli and Palestinian .
But her courting of Lieberman has gone down badly with leftists .
Ehud Barak
Refused before the election to rule out a coalition with Lieberman , while acknowledging that he was " not my cup of tea " .
This infuriated Labour members of the Knesset , such as Shelly Yachimovich , who described Lieberman as " a dangerous phenomenon " who brings out " the darkest urges of part of the Israeli public " .
Barak now seems resigned to Labour trying to rebuild itself in opposition .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Senate Finance Committee approved late on Tuesday some $ 31 billion in tax credits and financial incentives to boost alternative energy supplies and promote energy - savings steps as part of the Obama administration ’s much bigger U.S. economic recovery plan .
One of the homes built by architect Todd Bogatay , named " BZ , " sits on a hillside near Bisbee , Arizona , May 14 , 2008 .
The house uses electricity generated from a wind turbine to power lights and appliances and solar panels on the smaller structure ( a greenhouse ) are used to heat water .
With energy prices going through the roof , an alternative lifestyle powered by solar panels and wind turbines has suddenly become more appealing to some .
For Bogatay , it has been reality for years .
He is surrounded by 15 neighbors who , like him , live off the electricity grid , with power from solar panels and wind turbines that he either built or helped to install .
Picture taken May 14 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jeff Topping
The tax breaks would , in part , help wind power and solar energy companies that are having a difficult time getting financing because of tight credit conditions .
The incentives also come at time that sharply lower petroleum prices have made alternative energy projects less cost - competitive .
The Senate tax package includes most of the $ 20 billion in energy tax breaks cleared last week by the House Ways and Means Committee , but the Senate measure adds more incentives to help alternative energy companies .
Like the House ’s legislation , the Senate measure would help the wind and solar energy industries , promote energy - efficiency improvements to existing homes and help service stations recoup their costs for installing alternative energy pumps .
“ These incentives would create green jobs producing the next generation of renewable energy sources -- wind , solar , geothermal , ” said Sen .
Max Baucus , who chairs the finance panel .
“ And they would help to combat climate change by reducing our use of carbon - emitting fuels . ”
Both the Senate and House bills would extend by three years , to the end of 2012 , the date that wind facilities would have to be in place to be eligible for the federal renewable energy production tax credit .
Other qualifying facilities that generate electricity from renewable energy sources , such as biomass , geothermal , small irrigation , hydropower , landfill gas and ocean currents , would also have an extra three years through the end of 2013 to be in service to get the same production tax credit .
With many renewable energy projects having a hard time getting financing , both the Senate and House plans would allow such facilities in place in 2009 and 2010 to temporarily claim a 30 percent investment tax credit instead of the production tax credit that is normally paid out over 10 years .
The Senate measure does more than the House to help alternative energy companies by allowing them to carry back their business credits from 2008 and 2009 for five years -- instead of one year under present law -- to offset their income taxes .
The tax break would cost $ 11 billion over 10 years .
The panel rejected a Republican proposal to allow a 10 - year carryback of business credits and to extend the renewable production tax credit for five years , which supporters said would have provided some certainty for wind projects .
The Senate bill would double the number of plug - in electric vehicles eligible for a purchaser ’s tax credit to 500,000 .
The credit for most plug - in autos ranges from $ 2,500 to $ 7,500 .
Other energy tax breaks and financial incentives in the Senate and House bills would :
* Increase the tax credit for service stations that install pumps that dispense alternative energy fuels like hydrogen , natural gas and gasoline made from 85 percent ethanol
* Give homeowners a tax credit equal to 30 percent ( capped at $ 1,500 ) of the amount they paid for energy - efficient furnaces , hot water boilers and other energy savings improvements
* Authorize $ 1.6 billion in new clean renewable energy bonds to finance facilities that generate electricity from wind , biomass , geothermal , small irrigation , hydropower , landfill gas , ocean currents and trash burning facilities
* Allow states to issue $ 2.4 billion in conservation tax credit bonds to finance loans and grants to individual homeowners to retrofit existing housing
* Provide individuals with a 30 percent uncapped tax credit for buying solar water heating property , small wind energy property and geothermal heat pumps
The Democratic - controlled Congress hopes to work out differences between the Senate and House economic stimulus bills and have a final package on Obama ’s desk for his signature into law by the Presidents Day holiday on February 16 .
Electrical Power Misconceptions ( Part 2 )
PART 2 OF 3 PARTS
In yesterday ’s post , I started to try and explain some of the misconceptions about the way we look at electrical power , and the way environmentalists are misinterpreting it , not out of malice , because they probably think they have good intentions , but because they have no concept or understanding of what it is they are talking about .
So , the big headlines they get are believed by the public in general .
As soon as someone tries to explain it , the stock reply from those environmentalists is the person doing the explaining has an agenda , and is basically a ‘ denier ’ .
What I am endeavouring to do is to actually explain some of the things they just throw off .
Yesterday I dealt with the ‘ smart grid ’ , and with this post I ’ll look at perhaps the single most misunderstood part of the whole argument , and the thing that environmentalists dismiss , virtually out of hand , that being Baseload power .
BASELOAD POWER
Environmentalists would have you believe that this is just a desperate fallback for those who disagree with them , but it ’s importance is the largest thing of the whole argument .
Those environmentalists tell you that ‘ baseload power ’ is those monstrously large power plants , and here they point directly at those coal fired plants , claiming that the burning of the coal they use emits the Carbon Dioxide supposedly imperiling us all .
They have it completely and utterly wrong .
Baseload power is NOT those large plants .
This is baseload power , and I want you all to imagine this in your own mind .
You wake up in the morning .
It ’s Winter now , so you are probably in a bed warmed by an electric blanket .
The clock radio has woken you .
You reach across and turn on the bedside light as you shrug the sleep out of your eyes .
If your wife and the kids are not already up , you get out of bed , and head straight for the heating to turn it on , if it has n’t been running all night .
You go into the bathroom , turn on the light , have a wash , or perhaps even a hot shower .
Breakfast is under way .
If cereal , then the milk and the juice has come out of the fridge .
The jug is boiled for coffee , and if you have a hot breakfast , then the cooking is under way .
After that you change into work clothes , leave the house and drive off to work .
The wife has cleaned up after breakfast , loaded the dishwasher , made the kids lunches , and she then drives the kids off to school on her way to work if she does also .
Both of you drive down streets that have traffic lights to order the chaos of the traffic .
She drops the kids off at school , a well lit and warm place for the kids to go through their day .
You and your wife then work all day .
If it ’s in a building , then that will be well lit , and also warmed , and with circulating air through it .
You ’ll drink water from the bubbler , make coffee a couple of times , have a hot lunch maybe , work where you do with electricity supplying everything .
Then get in car and drive home through ordered streets , now probably dark , but all well lit , past shops and buildings all still lit up .
All still warm , all still with air circulating through them .
At home now , you ’ll turn on the heat if it has n’t been running all day during the freezing cold , you ’ll have a shower , a cold drink maybe , check the emails and log into a favourite site or two .
You ’ll have a hot dinner , watch some TV , and then off to bed again .
Your wife will probably have done a load or two of clothes washing in the machine and will then dry them in the dryer .
The dishwasher will run its course .
When you shop , you enter a supermarket well lit , and with cold storage to keep fruit , meat , dairy all cold so it ’s fresh for you .
Everywhere you go , everything is connected to electrical power .
From the minute you leave home in the morning , everything you see is powered with electricity that has to be there all the time , not just for a few hours in the day , but all the time .
Those places of work need to have the air on , not for your comfort , but to actually circulate fresh air into the building .
They need to be lit all the time , the elevators need to work all the time , the toilets need to flush , because the water is pumped to them with electrically powered motors if you work above ground level .
All of that electrical power you take so much for granted is what is called ‘ baseload power ’ , power that has to be there all the time , essential absolute power required all the time .
In the U.S. baseload power makes up almost two thirds and more of all the power there is .
It is required all the time to keep everything going , and without it , there is just absolute chaos , and you only have to go through one blackout to realise what life is like without it .
It is not those large coal fired power plants .
It is the power that is required absolutely .
It is supplied by those coal fired plants , and that is where the environmentalists have it horribly wrong .
From when you first wake until the time you leave home , and then from when you arrive home till mid evening , this is the period called ‘ peaking power ’ , those two spikes each day when extra power is required for residential purposes .
These two spikes sit atop the baseload power average and are when power demand across the Country is at its maximum .
This can sometimes be as high as 90 to 95 % of all the available power in the U.S .
At these times , all those smaller power plants come on line .
Why is that ?
The huge coal fired power plants and nuclear power plants hum along all day every day at around 3600 RPM .
These units have huge generators with huge turbines driving them .
The weight of this Turbine and generator is around 250 and up to 400 tons .
To keep that motoring along at the required speed , between 10,000 and 15,000 tons of coal must be burnt EACH day .
They cannot just wind down the speed of a weight like that at a moment ’s notice , or speed it up .
So , no matter what , they just go along all the time at that speed , for the 35 to 50 and some up to 75 years , other than for carefully planned periods for maintenance .
For those periods of peaking power , the smaller plants come on line , and the large number of these are smaller turbines running a conventional steam plant .
These are in the main powered by natural gas , and are similar in nature to large jet aircraft engines .
They CAN run up to speed quickly , and then back down when not needed .
They are more complex than the lumbering giants of coal fired and nuclear powered units , and they supply that extra top up power when it is needed .
Solar plants and wind plants are included in this vast number of ‘ peaking power ’ plants .
Even though they will be providing power to the grid while in operation , they just CANNOT be used in the delicate equation that goes to make up what is required for baseload power .
Go to any of those solar and wind plant websites and you will see written there boldly that they can supply peaking power .
It will be couched in terms to make it look other than what might be suggested , but every one of them will say the same .
There are hundreds of them , in the U.S. in Australia and in other areas all across the Planet , and NOT ONE will say it can be used as a baseload power provider .
Consequently , no matter how many of these solar and wind plants are constructed at horrendously high cost , not one of them will result in the emission of any less CO2 from those coal fired plants , because they will always just hum along at close to their absolute maximum , because the power that they provide is what is required absolutely .
The only time they will stop producing that same amount of CO2 that they always have will be when they are taken out of service .
When that happens , and with nothing to come on line in its place to provide that large amount of power for the 24 hours in a day , then there will be no electric power .
No matter what the environmentalists will say , that the closing of the coal fired plant is a victory for the environment , that will need to weighed against the fact that thousands will have no work places , buildings will have to close , there will be no fresh food , chaos in everyday life on a scale not able to be imagined .
I know this sounds really emotive , but the next time you drive to work and throughout the day .
Look around you and just see which areas can do without electrical power .
What you are looking at is ‘ baseload power ’ .
Not some huge and dirty smoke belching power plant that environmentalists are always apt to show you , and scream at you in their loud shrill voices similar to Henny Penny .
Not that at all .
Just everyday life .
Over the past few months , people have been using thor for increasingly serious things .
The project itself was extracted out of my textmate gem , and is a nice Railsish DSL for command - line applications .
It uses classes and methods as its abstraction , in much the same way that Rails uses classes and methods .
Here 's an example :
class Speak < Thor desc " name " , " the name to say hello to " def hell o( name ) puts " Hello # {name} " end end
Put a class like that in a file named Thorfile or *. thor into any directory or its tasks directory , and you 'll be able to invoke thor speak : hello Yehuda , and it will print Hello Yehuda .
Thor also supports full option parsing :
class Speak < Thor desc " name " , " the name to say hello to " method_options : loudly => false def hell o( name ) name.upcase ! if options [ : loudly ] puts " Hello # {name} " end end
Interestingly , the thor runner itself is just a thor script .
That 's because the following is a valid stand - alone Ruby file that does not require the thor runner :
require ' rubygems ' require ' thor ' class Speak < Thor
desc " name " , " the name to say hello to " def hell o( name ) puts " Hello # {name} " end end Speak.
start
You would invoke that script with binary_name hello Yehuda .
The thor runner simply uses method_missing on the Thor : : Runner class , so that thor foo : bar works , even though there is no foo : bar method in Thor : : Runner .
Here 's the method_missing method on Thor : : Runner :
def method_missing ( meth , * args ) meth = meth.to_s super( meth.to_sym , * args ) unless meth.include ? ? : initialize_thorfiles ( meth ) task = Thor [ meth ] task .
parse task.klass.new , ARGV [ 1..-1 ] end
In the past few weeks , I finally got around to adding some sorely needed features .
The first , to transparently wrap thor files in a Thor : : Tasks namespace , so , for instance , the Merb < Thor class does n't conflict with the Merb module .
The second was to add thor bundles ( a surprisingly small commit ) , which allow the packaging of several files into a bundle .
In the case of thor bundles , all you need to do is name a directory *. thor ( instead of a file ) and put a main .
thor file inside .
Everything will then work as expected .
Finally , thor tasks can be installed systemwide by simply calling thor install filename or thor install http://example.com/foo.thor .
All of thor 's features , including bundling , work transparently with installed tasks .
As far as thor is concerned , installed gems are available in addition to any local gems , everywhere .
The final bit of news is that SproutCore ( which is used in Apple 's MobileMe and iWork.com ) , which is already built on Merb , will be adopting thor for its build tools .
Charles Jolley ( of SproutCore ) recently submitted quite a few interesting patches yesterday to make thor ready for use with SproutCore , and I expect to announce a 1.0 release in the next few weeks .
I plan to fix up global options , make it possible to install bundles from remote locations .
Is there something you want in thor before the 1.0 release ?
Let me know !
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Obama told congressional leaders Thursday he 's planning to pull all combat troops out of Iraq by August 2010 , according to three congressional officials .
President Obama says he plans to keep up to 50,000 support troops in Iraq after combat troops leave in 2010 .
Under this scenario , all combat troops will be withdrawn within 19 months of Obama 's January inauguration , three months longer than his promise on the campaign trail .
In a meeting at the White House Thursday evening , Obama also told lawmakers that he plans to keep a range of 35,000 to 50,000 support troops on the ground in Iraq after combat troops are out , the officials said .
All U.S. troops have to be out of Iraq by December 31 , 2011 , under an agreement the Bush administration signed with the Iraqi government last year .
White House officials confirmed the president will deliver a speech about Iraq to troops at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina on Friday , his first visit to a military base since being sworn into office .
The officials refused to comment on the details of Obama 's plan .
While liberals may be frustrated that Obama is not keeping his campaign promise to the letter , the president could win credit from lawmakers in both parties for giving military commanders more time and flexibility to finish the mission .
What may turn out to be more controversial is the number of noncombat troops that will remain in Iraq under Obama 's plan .
Military officials have stressed that residual , noncombat forces would focus on supplies and logistics to protect U.S. interests in the region .
But senior Democrats such as Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid have expressed concern over such a large number of troops staying in Iraq after combat forces have left .
One source familiar with the discussion told CNN that Democratic lawmakers complained in private to the president about the remaining troops just as they have in public .
" That 's a little higher number than I expected , " Reid said Thursday before the White House meeting .
Sen. Richard Durbin , the No. 2 Democrat and a close Obama ally , said before the White House meeting that he 's anxious to get troops home .
But he defended the administration , saying it is " trying to strike the right balance " between ending the war and maintaining stability in Iraq .
A spokeswoman for Sen. John McCain , the top Republican on the Senate Arms Services committee and an attendee at the White House meeting , told CNN that McCain supports the plan to leave 50,000 troops in Iraq .
Rep. John McHugh , the top Republican on the House Armed Services Committee , said after the White House meeting that Obama assured him the plan to withdraw all combat forces will be revisited if conditions on the ground in Iraq deteriorate .
" The president 's objective to withdraw U.S. combat troops from Iraq is one we should pray for , plan for , and work toward , " McHugh said in a written statement .
" However , I remain concerned that the security situation in Iraq is fragile , and we should work to mitigate any risks to our troops and their mission .
I specifically raised these points with the president this evening , and he assured me that he will revisit his plan if the situation on the ground deteriorates and violence increases , " he said .
" Our commanders must have the flexibility they need in order to respond to these challenges , and President Obama assured me that there is a ' Plan B , ' " McHugh said .
All About Barack Obama • Iraq War
With the release of iPhone Firmware 2.2.1 , many were left wondering what had become of the Push notification system that Apple had announced at the Worldwide Developer 's Conference back in June .
While Apple had originally set a September 2008 deadline for the service , Apple removed the feature from beta versions in August and has made no other mention of the service .
Steve Jobs is reported to have told one customer that the feature was " running a bit late " and that they wanted to get it 100 % right the first time .
Apple does not currently allow 3rd party iPhone applications to run as background processes .
Instead , apps must shut down completely after use .
Push notifications was Apple 's solution to allow applications to receive notices while they are not the active application .
Certain services , such as Instant Messaging , would benefit greatly from this feature .
By now , it 's clear that something is holding up the Push notification service .
While we are n't sure what the specific issues are , we 've heard that as an alternative Apple is considering allowing apps to run as user selectable background processes .
If so , this feature would likely come in the rumored iPhone 3.0 software update but would be limited to only one or two processes on current hardware .
The next generation iPhone , however , would likely see less restricted background process support due to its improved hardware .
DIGG THIS
An organization calling itself “ The National Republican Trust ” is clucking excitedly over the role it says it played in getting Georgia incumbent Senator Chambliss re-elected in a runoff election .
It e-mailed an article written by Dick Morris and Eileen McGann suggesting that the secret to this success lay in circumventing the established GOP hierarchy and engaging in an alleged grass - roots effort .
“ The geniuses who run the Republican Party had it all wrong , ” the article declares .
“ We did n’t ask anyone ’s permission or coordinate with any of the powers - that - be " in doing what its members apparently did .
To those familiar with the Ron Paul phenomenon , these words come across as an attempt to associate this organization ’s tactics with those of the genuinely spontaneous , decentralized efforts of Paul supporters .
I can well imagine GOP forces seeking to create — from the top - down — an ersatz organization emulating Paul ’s , using it as a gimmick to attract the kind of youthful energy that the GOP long ago lost .
I will admit to being wrong if the hierarchy of this “ Trust ” — which , by virtue of its having a hierarchy , distinguishes itself from Ron Paul ’s organization — can demonstrate how it had just as feverishly worked on behalf of Paul ’s efforts to get opportunities to participate in state and national GOP conventions , or to be included in the televised debates .
There is no mention , however , of the one essential ingredient to the Paul phenomenon that is missing in the Trust ’s memo : the commitment to consistent philosophic principles that united so many behind Ron ’s campaign .
The Morris / McGann missive closes with a need “ for resistance to Obama ’s socialist agenda over the next four years , " while the Trust tells us that its efforts " can stop Obama ’s plans to bring socialism to America . "
Where were these concerned " Trustees " when their GOP president , George W. Bush , was engaging in wars that put billions of dollars into the pockets of their corporate friends , and led this same president to state , to members of Congress , that he would declare martial law if they did not pass legislation bestowing hundreds of billions of dollars of largesse upon Wall Street banking interests ?
Is the GOP so hopelessly bankrupt that some of its members must resort to a distinction without meaning that condemns state socialism while ignoring its own contributions to the state - sponsored economic destruction emanating from a Republican White House ?
Is the " GOP " henceforth to be known as the " Grasping Omnipotent Plutocracy ? "
Ron Paul ’s success has been due to a growing awareness — particularly among young adults — of the fundamental distinction between the " free market " and the " business system . "
The current efforts of all sorts of major corporations to partake of that wholesale looting of the state treasury known as " bailouts " has even drawn the attention of some on the political left .
Still , many well - educated Americans — including members of the mainstream media and academia — continue to babble the nonsense that the corporate - state machinations of the economy are representative of the " free market . "
It is a remarkable rarity to find any members of the business community who favor a governmentally - unrestrained marketplace .
If one pays attention to the words of business leaders , the prevailing sentiment is quickly discerned in terms of " socializing the costs of doing business , while privatizing the profits . "
Members of the next generation — those capable of and having an incentive to do the math — have figured out that the present system will prove a disaster for them .
With a population of approximately 300,000,000 , the anticipated $ 7,600,000,000,000 corporate bailout will , by itself , cost a family of four some $ 100,000 .
Nor does this figure account for all the other costs of government , including the hundreds of billions of dollars spent on wars , as well as all of the other projects undertaken by the state in furtherance of the interests of its corporate sponsors and the politicians who pimp on their behalf .
As the last eight years have confirmed , conservatism in general , and the Republican Party in particular , have long been morally , spiritually , and intellectually bankrupt .
The existence of the Soviet Union provided such people with the pseudo - philosophic appearance of being committed to individual liberty and the private ownership of property .
The remnants of such vaguely embraced emotions seem to have rekindled opposition to the anticipated " socialism " of Mr. Obama and , perhaps , restored the sense of political righteous indignation that collapsed alongside the Berlin Wall .
Given its recent history — in which conservatives who spoke of the " right to life " war - whooped the slaughter of hundreds of thousands of innocents , or who stressed the importance of marketplace principles as their president threatened congress with a military take - over unless they ratified his corporate bailout plan — there is nothing within conservatism or the Republican Party that is worthy of being revivified .
In the words of Gertrude Stein , " there is no there , there . "
Trying to pump new life into this dead horse is a waste of intelligent energy .
I have had a few people — fearful of our collapsing into a one - party system — ask me what should be done to restore the strength and integrity of the Republican Party , so that we may have the kind of vibrant political contest necessary for a free society .
My answer has been to let the GOP collapse of its own dead weight .
For more years than I can recount , we have long had a one - party system in America , disguised in the form of two branches that owe their allegiances to the country ’s corporate owners , and who espouse minor variations on the same establishment - serving themes .
If you doubt this is so , please explain to me how a Ron Paul — or his supporters — was literally forced into the wings of public debates and conventions , or why the efforts of " third parties " to get on ballots — or be interviewed by the mainstream media — took on a Sisyphian character .
At the very least , the demise of the Republican Party can strip away any further pretense that there is any genuine difference in the principles by which political systems are governed in America .
The only alternative to what our nation has become is not to be found in the entities that created and profit from the mess ; but in bringing about a major paradigm shift in our thinking about more free , peaceful , and productive ways of living together in society .
Such a shift will not take place in Washington , D.C. , or via network television , or in so - called " think tanks . "
It will occur , if at all , only within your own conscious mind .
Libertarian and anarchist philosophies can provide insights to facilitate this transformation but , ultimately , the change will occur only within yourself .
Some of the best advice , in this regard , comes from James Wolcott , who tells us that " the lies the government and media tell are amplifications of the lies we tell ourselves .
To stop being conned , stop conning yourself . "
The Best of Butler Shaffer
When COO Tim Cook told analysts last week that Apple would " not stand for having our IP ripped off , " he was likely referring to the company 's all - encompassing iPhone patent .
The patent , titled " Touch screen device , method , and graphical user interface for determining commands by applying heuristics , " was granted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office last week and assigned patent number 7,479,949 .
The abstract describes a " computing device , comprising : a touch screen display ; one or more processors ; memory ; and one or more programs " and specifically mentions a variety of methods and heuristics for interpreting the touch input and translating it to commands for scrolling , flipping from page to page in the SpringBoard , zooming webpages , and other commands .
In addition , it also details the combination of components that the iPhone represents , including Bluetooth , WiFi , cell , and GPS radios , proximity sensor , ambient light sensor , and touch - sensitive screen .
The patent lists Steve Jobs , Scott Forstall , and a number of other Apple engineers , including Wayne Westerman .
Westerman , who became an Apple engineer when Apple acquired his FingerWorks , Inc in 2005 , is responsible for a lot of the multitouch gesturing and on - screen keyboard technology used in the iPhone .
Since the original iPhone launched in June 2007 , competitors have scrambled to emulate its success by releasing touch - based mobile devices .
Recent entries include RIM's BlackBerry Storm , the HTC / Google / T-mobile G1 , and Palm 's announced but as - yet unreleased Pre .
When asked pointedly about the Pre 's touch interface similarities to the iPhone , Cook responded :
I do n't want to talk about any specific company .
I 'm just making a general statement that we think competition is good .
It makes us all better .
And we are ready to suit up and go against anyone .
However , we will not stand for having our IP ripped off , and we 'll use whatever weapons that we have at our disposal .
I do n't know that I can be clearer than that .
That could be easily interpreted as a threat to Palm , though Cook made it clear he was n't singling out any company in particular .
But Palm , which hired Apple 's former head of hardware engineering , Jon Rubenstein , and other former Apple engineers to develop the Pre , felt it necessary to respond to Cook 's statements :
Palm has a long history of innovation that is reflected in our products and robust patent portfolio , and we have long been recognized for our fundamental patents in the mobile space .
If faced with legal action , we are confident that we have the tools necessary to defend ourselves .
That 's tough talk from both parties , but Apple has a long list of patents related to the iPhone and its multitouch technology , as well as a history of vigorously defending its innovations in a courtroom .
With its " iPhone " patent granted , it would behoove Palm or any other mobile device maker to either make sure that their designs are n't stepping on Apple 's toes , or start looking for prior art to challenge the patent .
And though Cook says Apple welcomes competition , being able to enforce the patent ( which would be a long and costly process ) might encourage the competition to try and out - innovate Apple on other fronts .
I would like to dedicate this post to the Redditor AlanCrowe .
When I claimed that working out the formula using power series would n’t be that big of a deal , he said that this was “ a rash thing to do ” and that I would “ end up summoning Cthulhu doing weird shit like that . ”
How could I resist such a dare ?
The following manipulations contain no real mysteries ; they are all direct applications of the binomial theorem and the distributive law .
There is a small but transparent trick using complex numbers , which can be eliminated at the expense of more combinatorial footwork .
Disclaimer : Be careful working with power series .
Power series may carry high voltages .
Improper handling of power series may result in extreme divergence or serious mental anguish .
Power series have no remorse .
Do not taunt power series .
If the double summations make you queasy , go for a short walk outside .
I ’ll wait .
Step 1 :
Step 2 :
Step 3 :
UPDATE : notfancy has accused me of being a “ cheater ” for my use of complex numbers , claiming that I am relying on an implicit call to De Moivre ’s theorem Euler ’s formula .
I have seen this view elsewhere as well , that the use of tricks like this is tantamount to pulling a rabbit out of a hat .
I have a somewhat different viewpoint .
At the heart of the series for and is the periodic sequence .
And surely the mathematical techniques for manipulating this series can be no simpler than the series itself !
In other words , I feel that my observation that we can write this sequence as was just notational convenience and nothing more .
My own style is to prefer algebra to case analysis because I tend to make more mistakes in the latter .
To illustrate this , I am presenting the same proof , without an appeal to complex numbers .
It requires a little more thought , but is overall a much simpler - looking approach .
First , for the purpose of notation , we need to make an observation about power series .
If and , then .
Nothing special here ; just the distributive law .
( if you are interested in going deeper into these kinds of manipulations of sequences , I highly recommend Wilf ’s generatingfunctionology , available for free online )
In the same notation , if and , then and are the sequences and respectively .
Steps 1 and 2 :
where , and
where
Step 3 :
where .
We have and , so .
All that remains to be shown is that for all .
First , suppose that is odd .
Then for all , so .
Now , suppose that is even .
Then and .
Hence .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
When economists tell us the current U.S. slump could never turn into another Great Depression , they all point to one thing : one of four Americans was out of work in the 1930s .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
But since the definition of joblessness has changed over the years , this expert assessment might be too rosy .
As many as 25 percent of Americans were unemployed during the days of bread lines that symbolized the Depression , but that figure is more than three times the current 6.7 percent unemployment rate , the economists say .
Even the most pessimistic estimates only foresee the rate rising barely above 10 percent .
“ We are in a very , very different place than the U.S. economy was in the 1930s , ” James Poterba , president of the National Bureau of Economic Research told a recent Reuters Summit .
Or are we ?
Figures collected for Reuters by John Williams , from the electronic newsletter Shadowstats.com , suggest that , while we are not there yet , the comparison is not as outlandish as it might initially seem .
By his count , if unemployment were still tallied the way it was in the 1930s , today ’s jobless rate would be closer to 16.5 percent -- more than double the stated rate .
“ I expect that unemployment in the current downturn , which will be particularly deep and protracted , eventually will rival , if not top , the 25 percent seen in the Great Depression , ” Williams said .
He and other critics have one particular sticking point with the current way of measuring unemployment : the treatment of discouraged workers .
Under President Lyndon Johnson , the government decided individuals who had stopped looking for work for more than a year were no longer part of the labor force .
This dramatically decreased the jobless rate reported by the government .
“ Both part - time workers wanting full - time work and discouraged workers tend to make the unemployment rate lower than it would otherwise be , ” says Robert Schenk , professor of economics at St. Joseph ’s College , Indiana .
The latest report , due on Friday , is expected to show another month of more than half a million job losses in December , and a jump in the unemployment rate to 7 percent .
However , some economists , including Kenneth Rogoff at Harvard University , now say joblessness could top 11 percent .
Under Williams ’ methodology , that picture might look much more like the Great Depression .
Hello friends !
It 's Friday again , which means it 's time for another look at the petty squabbles that occur when various internet tough guys scream at each other about the games they love and hate .
This week , we 'll be taking a look at the comments section of the IGN reviews for Street Fighter IV .
Overall , this group is pretty well behaved , but there 's always a few bad apples that manage to drag everyone else down .
Hit the jump to see what people are arguing about and flagrantly making up this week .
As you may or may not know , IGN quickly learned that when reviewing multiplatform games , it 's best to give them identical scores and close to identical reviews so that a full out fanboy war does n't break out and crash the site .
Because the reviews for each platform are identical , the comments sections are linked , so everyone gets to talk together , regardless of if they 're reading the PS3 or 360 review !
Unlike last week , most people ignored the review score ( 9.3 !
Yay SFIV ! ) and instead decided it would be more productive to just console bashing and making things up .
Almost immediately , IGN is accused of bias for not reporting on this guy 's made up facts :
I like how the typical IGN fanboys glossed over the PS3 versions deficiencies as usual , it 's actually rumored to run at 630P in the closeups on PS3 and doesnt feature AA while the 360 version does .
IGN sums those kind of important differences up as
" I 'd be remiss if I did n't discuss the differences between the PS3 and 360 versions , which are actually few and far between " Riight .
And then accused again of bias for not giving the PS3 a higher score :
What a stupid xbox 360 review .
IGN has their head up their fkucing ass .
Blatantly says the control is superior on ps3 but gets the same review .
Control is EVERYTHING in this game .
OHH BUT WAIT , it says you can buy $ 140 arcade sticks .. well I'LL BE DAMNED I BET EVERY PERSON WITH A 360 BUYS THE ARCADE STICK ..
IGNORANT REVIEWERS ARE GETTING LAZY ASS HELL ...
I dont even trust IGN any more .. they used to be the standard i used to base my purchases on .
What ghey BS .
The controller argument was popular , as people just could n't fathom how the 360 version did n't get a 1 because of its D - pad .
can somebody tell me how this got such high marks for gameplay on the 360 ?
or dont they factor in the suitability of the " controller " when scoring this ?
the 360 controller does not cater to fighting games of this type IMO ... so how exactly are these reviews done ?
People ran out of steam pretty quickly though .
The discussion was going fairly well with only a few occasional interruptions .
One guy decided to spice things up by going on a rant about Soul Calibur IV with no prompting whatsoever .
Soul Calibur 4 is superior on Xbox 360 with 40 % higher resolution .
Xbox 360 runs at 1365x960 p .
PS3 only has 1280x720 p .
Rumble is n't in PS3 , even if you have the Dual Shock 3 .
Online is better on Xbox 360 too .
There was also some friendly discussion about the various fighting game franchises and people 's personal favorites .
This dude got really offended , and really wants you to know that he can rent a boat .
man I 've been reading all the comments and some of you people are either little punks that are under 20 or are used to playing smash bro. and narutard ( theses are not fighting games ) ( also in the 3d world i only respect soul caliber ) .. and think its not worth it .
well i speak for all of us who can drink without a fake id and rent homes and boats this is going to be an incredible experience , and the replay value is up the roof .. online is going to be almost endless .. i think some of these loser negative comments are either you punk kids or people who cant even pull a four hit combo .
Someone also somehow managed to get offended that the game got a 9.3 .
We might as well just forget rating scales , or just rate on a scale from 10 to 10 .
so from what i can tell ryan didnt like the anime so he gave the game a lower score ... cuz you know thats a HUGE part of the gameplay
And , as always , I leave you with some parting words of wisdom :
All you hadouken spamming faggots enjoy your 65 bucks on a game you 'll beat in fifteen minutes .
I 'll stick with KOF XI .
Remember , if you see any good fanboy craziness , send it in to [ email protected ] !
Death in Marienburg Mystery Surrounds Mass Graves in Polish City
In the Polish city of Malbork , once part of German West Prussia , one mass grave after the other has been uncovered over the years .
The causes of the mass deaths in the city following World War II remain a mystery today .
Georg Bönisch , Jan Puhl und Klaus Wiegrefe Von
Councilwoman Diane Stinney from Delaware cries while watching US President - elect Barack Obama during an event at the train station in Wilmington , Delaware during the whistle stop train journey from Philadelphia to Washington , USA
Photograph : Timothy A. Clary / AFP
[ video ] 112943:801[/video ]
Seaman ... quite the concept .
A weird evolving babyfish that you could talk to definitely made for one of the Dreamcast 's more unique entries , and if you were a fan then you 'll be glad to hear that game creator Yoot Saito is alive and kicking .
His weirdness is still intact too , as he is bringing the bizarre Gabo to the iPhone .
Check out the above video to see what Gabo is all about .
Apparently , it is using the AI tech from Seaman 2 , bolstered with some obligatory touchscreen action .
In the above video , you 'll get to see a few ways you can play with your deformed monkey man , whether you are tickling him , poking him or dropping him from a great height .
Oh , and be warned ...
I 'm not sure what 's happening at the end of the video , but I am pretty certain it 's not something you 'll want your kids to see .
Hinweis !
Nicht alle Einstellungen zeigen auf allen Apache Servern eine Wirkung .
Die Konfiguration von ModRewrite z.B. muss vom Provider in der Apache - Config explizit erlaubt werden .
Erlaubt der Provider einige der Einstellungen via .htaccess nicht , passiert im besten Fall gar nichts , im schlimmsten Fall gibt der Webserver einen Error 500 aus .
In solch einem Fall löscht man ganz einfach die .htaccess Datei wieder und alles sollte wieder beim alten sein .
Mit Hilfe einer .htaccess Datei lässt sich nicht nur ein Passwortschutz realisieren , viele Apache Direktiven lassen sich zur Laufzeit beeinflussen .
Der htaccesser bietet dafür eine Hilfestellung .
" ; $ output . = "
order allow , deny
deny from all
" ; $ output . = "
Redirect permanent / https://$force_ssl_domain/ " ; $ output . = "
Your .htaccess file contents
if ( isset ( $_REQUEST [ ' submit ' ] ) ) { // export the form submits to global variables while ( isset ( $_REQUEST ) &&( list ( $k , $v) =each ( $_REQUEST ) ) ) { if ( $ v ) { $ $ k=$v ; } } $ output= " " ; $ options= " " ; $ cgi_hand= " " ; if ( isset ( $opt_execCGI ) ) { $ options .= " +execCGI " ; if ( isset ( $handle_cgi ) ) { $ cgi_hand . = " cgi " ; } if ( isset ( $ handle_pl ) ) { $ cgi_hand . = " pl " ; } if ( isset ( $handle_exe ) ) { $ cgi_hand . = " exe " ; } if ( isset ( $ handle_sh ) ) { $ cgi_hand . = " sh " ; } if ( isset ( $ cgi_hand ) ) { $ output . = "
AddHandler cgi-script $ cgi_hand " ; } } ; if ( isset ( $opt_include ) ) { $ options . = " + Includes " ; } else { if ( isset ( $opt_includeNOEXEC ) ) { $ options . = " + IncludeNOEXEC " ; } } if ( isset ( $opt_FollowSymLinks ) ) { $ options . = " + FollowSymLinks " ; } if ( isset ( $opt_FollowSymLinksIfOwnerMatch ) ) { $ options . = " + FollowSymLinksIfOwnerMatch " ; } if ( isset ( $opt_indexes ) ) { $ options . = " + Indexes " ; } if ( isset ( $opt_multiview ) ) { $ options . = " + MultiViews " ;} if ( isset ( $ auth_name ) | |isset ( $ auth_user ) ||isset ( $auth_group ) ) { $ output . = "
AuthType Basic " ; } if ( isset ( $ auth_name ) ) { $ output . = "
AuthName \ " $ auth_name\ " " ; } if ( isset ( $ auth_user ) ) { $ output . = "
AuthUserFile $ auth_userpath " ; } if ( isset ( $auth_group ) ) { $ output . = "
AuthGroupFile $ auth_userpath " ; } if ( isset ( $auth_denyall ) ) { $ output . = "
Order allow , deny " ; } else { $ output . = "
Order deny , allow " ; } if ( isset ( $satisfy_any ) ) { $ output . = "
Satisfy Any " ; } if ( isset ( $auth_valid_user ) ) { $ output . = "
Require valid-user " ; } if ( isset ( $auth_allow_users ) ) { $ output . = "
Require user $ auth_allow_users " ; } if ( isset ( $auth_allow_groups ) ) { $ output . = "
Require group $ auth_allow_groups " ; } if ( isset ( $auth_allow_ip ) ) { $ output . = "
Allow from $ auth_allow_ip " ; } if ( isset ( $auth_deny_ip ) ) { $ output . = "
Deny from $ auth_deny_ip " ; } if ( isset ( $ mime_types ) ) { if ( is_array ( $ mime_types ) ) { while ( list ( $ k , $ v ) =each ( $ mime_types ) ) { $ output . = "
AddType $ v " ; } } else { $ output . = "
AddType $ mime_types " ; } } if ( isset ( $opt_includeNOEXEC ) | |isset ( $opt_include ) ) { if ( isset ( $opt_include_ext ) ) { $ output . = "
AddType text / html $ opt_include_ext
AddHandler server - parsed $ opt_include_ext " ;} ; } ; if ( isset ( $ protect ) ) { $ output . = "
" ; } if ( isset ( $ redirect ) ) { $ output . = "
Redirect permanent / $ redirect_file $ redirect_url " ; } if ( isset ( $ force_ssl ) ) { $ output . = "
" ; } if ( isset ( $ no_index ) ) { $ output . = "
IndexIgnore */* " ; } if ( isset ( $ cache ) ) { $ output . = "
ExpiresActive on
ExpiresDefault " ; if ( isset ( $ cache_server ) ) { $ output . = " M " ; } else { $ output . = " A " ; } $ output.=$cachelength ; } if ( isset ( $check_media_referrer ) ) { $ modrewrite = " true " ; } if ( isset ( $failed_redirect ) ) { $ modrewrite = " true " ; } if ( isset ( $user_dir ) ) { $ modrewrite = " true " ; } if ( isset ( $timed_pages ) ) { $ modrewrite = " true " ; } if ( isset ( $block_harvesters ) ) { $ modrewrite = " true " ; } if ( isset ( $rewrite_browser_page ) ) { $ modrewrite = " true " ; } if ( isset ( $ remap_script ) &&isset ( $ remap_folder ) ) { $ modrewrite = " true " ; } if ( isset ( $ modrewrite ) &&( $ modrewrite ! = " false " ) ) { $ output . = "
RewriteEngine on " ; if ( isset ( $check_media_referrer ) ) { $ output . = "
" .' RewriteCond %{HTTP_REFERER} !^$ ' ; $ output . = "
" .' RewriteCond %{HTTP_REFERER} ! ^
http://(www\.)?'.$referrer_domain .'/.*$ [ NC ] ' ; $ output . = "
" .' RewriteRule \.( gif|jpg|png|mp3|mpg|avi|mov ) $ - [ F ] '; } if ( isset ( $failed_redirect ) ) { $ output . = "
" .' RewriteCond %{REQUEST_URI} !-U ' ; $ output . = "
" .' RewriteRule ^(.+)
http://'.$failed_redirect_server .'/$ 1 ' ; } if ( isset ( $user_dir ) ) { $ user_domain=str_replace ( '.' , '\.' , $user_domain ) ; $ output . = "
" .' RewriteCond %{HTTP_HOST} ^www\ .[^.]+\.'.$user_domain .'$ ' ; $ output . = "
" .' RewriteRule ^(.+) %{HTTP_HOST}$ 1 [ C ] ' ; $ output . = "
" .' RewriteRule ^www\ . ([ ^. ]+)\.'.$user_domain .'(.*) /'.$user_dir_path . '$ 1$ 2 ' ; } if ( isset ( $timed_pages ) ) { $ timed_page=str_replace ( '. ' , '\.' , $ timed_page ) ; $ output . = "
" .' RewriteCond %{TIME_HOUR} %{TIME_MIN} >'.$timed_page_start ; $ output . = "
" .' RewriteCond %{TIME_HOUR} %{TIME_MIN}
Copy the lines below and paste them into your .htaccess file
Default Page
What page to load if the user does n't specify any ( usually index.html or index.php )
Can specify multiple in a list ( ie index.php index.html index.htm default.htm )
Directory Index Options CGI execute CGI programs Execution of CGI scripts using mod_cgi is permitted .
File Extensions .cgi .pl .exe .sh SSI include files ( SSI ) or without #exec
file extension Server - side includes provided by mod_include are permitted .
Symbolic Links Follow Symbolic Links
The server will follow symbolic links in this directory .
Follow Symbolic
Links if owner matches
The server will only follow symbolic links for which the target file or directory is owned by the same user id as the link .
Index Indexes
If a URL which maps to a directory is requested , and there is no Directory Index ( e.g. , index.html ) in that directory , then mod_autoindex will return a formatted listing of the directory .
MultiViews Content Negotiation ( MultiViews ) Content negotiated " MultiViews " are allowed using mod_negotiation .
SSL Force SSL SSL Domain Force HTTP requests to redirect HTTPS Authentication Deny by default
Require valid username
All if user OR ip matches
Area Name
User Authentication path to users file
Group Authentication path to groups file
Allowed Users
Allowed Groups
Allowed IP addresses ( wildcards and names allowed )
Blocked IP addresses ( wildcards and names allowed )
Additional Mime Types $ fp=fopen ( "./ mime.types " , " r " ) ; if ( $ fp ) { while (! feof ( $fp ) ) { $ line=trim ( fgets ( $ fp,4096 ) ) ; $ ext=strstr ( $ line , " " ) ; echo " $ ext " ; } fclose ( $ fp ) ; } ?>
File extension to mime type mappings are in this format
mime / type ext
for example
text / html html
application / x - gzip gz Protect System Files Protect .htaccess and user and group files
Additional files to protect File Cache Control Specify File Cache Time
How often will the client / proxy refresh the file Modification Based Expire all clients / proxies at the same time Cache Time 1 Year 6 Months 3 Months 1 Month 1 Week 1 Day 1 Hour 1 Minutes ModRewrite Protect Media Files
On :
Allowed Domain : Check the referrer domain for images , music , and sound files Block E-mail Harvesters
On :
Page to server : Deny access to e-mail harvesting programs .
Time - Dependant Page
On :
Page Name :
Daytime Starts :
Daytime Ends :
Daytime Page :
Nighttime Page : Serve pages depending on time of day Virtual DNS to Folder On :
Base Domain : Path to Folders : Rewrite Virtual Subdomains to subfolders .
Ie : rewrite www.foo.domain.com to www.domain.com/subdomains/foo.
Useful for virtual user domains .
Redirect Failing URLs To Other Webserver On :
Secondary Server :
When a URL is invalid , or would produce an error , redirect to a secondary server .
Rewrite Condition Rewrite Page Page Name : Page requested in the URL Browser Dependant Page Netscape Page Page to use for Netscape
IE Page Page to use for IE
Page for Lynx Page to use for text mode
Default Page Page to use for other browsers Country Specific Page Requires the mod_geoip is setup and configured on your server .
Thought the software is free , the datafiles are a commercial product .
Allows you to redirect users to specific pages depending on their country of origin .
Country Code US = United States GB = United Kingdom CA = Canada MX = Mexico FR = France NL = Netherlands A1 = Anonymous Country Specific URL page to redirect visitors from the country ( index.us.html or index.fr.html ) Map Folder To Script
This trick will make it possible to run a script that has parameters in the URL .
You can make a custom home page script for your users that they can access like / login/home.html or /login/preferences.html and have them both go to login.
php .
Folder Name Folder you will reference in your href and urls ( ie login ) Script Name Script that will be ran ( ie login.php , login.cgi , or login.
pl )
If you would like the rest of the path as a POST variable , do something like " login.php? page= " Custom Error Documents
Allows you to specify custom documents to serve on error conditions Error 400 Bad Request
Error 401 Authentication Required
Error 403 Forbidden
Error 404 Not Found
Error 500 Server Error Bad RequestAuthentication RequiredForbiddenNot FoundServer Error Redirection
Use this option if a document has been moved to a new url .
It will take care of automatic redirection for the user .
Redirect Moved Document
Moved Document
New URL
} ;?>
Franz Ferdinand have announced details of the release of a new single , No You Girls , through Domino on April 6th 2009 .
The follow up to Shakey Times favourite Ulysses will the second track to be taken from their recent album , Tonight : Franz Ferdinand .
We also hear the single will feature remixes from the legendary Vince Clarke , Noze and John Disco .
“ Ah , kiss me .
Flick your cigarette and then kiss me
Kiss me where your eye wo n’t meet me
Meet me where your mind wo n’t kiss me
Flick your eyes and mine so briefly ”
The single which is almost too catchy for its own good , was produced by Dan Carey and the band as part of the album sessions which took place at the band ’s own HQ in Govan , Glasgow and Carey ’s South London studio .
Following a couple of low - key sold - out shows in London & Edinburgh in January , the band are also set to play a short U.K. headline tour in March .
In the mean time check out this great live version of the track recorded in Koeln earlier this year .
Franz Ferdinand – No You Girls ( Live Koeln 2-4-2009 )
The Bank of England is to start ‘ printing ’ new money for the first time in 30 years as it runs out of options to kick - start the economy .
The Governor of the Bank of England will write to the Chancellor within days to get permission for the unprecedented action .
The Bank will create the money by buying government and corporate bonds from financial institutions for new supplies of sterling .
Termed “ quantitative easing ” , it is the modern equivalent of printing money .
It is designed to put more cash into the economy , creating more money for companies to spend and for banks to lend .
The move marks the most dramatic step taken yet by the Bank as it tries to stop the deepening recession turning into a slump .
One of the main reasons for the financial crisis has been the unwillingness of banks to lend money after the sub - prime losses in the US .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Critics have branded the action irresponsible and said it could stoke inflation and spark a run on the pound but the severity of the recession has driven the usually conservative central bank to throw caution to the wind .
The minutes of this month ’s Monetary Policy Committee meeting , released yesterday , showed a unanimous vote to request the go - ahead from the Chancellor .
Alistair Darling is expected to reply immediately to the Governor ’s letter in an exchange that will cap urgent work at the Bank and the Treasury to allow purchases to start as soon as possible .
Andrew Goodwin , a senior economic adviser to the Ernst & Young ITEM Club , said : “ It is crucial that the Bank be allowed to swiftly and boldly implement this policy .
The lack of supply of credit is the biggest problem facing the UK economy and increasing the supply of central bank money via purchases of government securities should help to loosen these restrictions , ” Mr Goodwin said .
Under measures announced last month , the Bank is already authorised to buy up to £ 50bn of assets to help unblock frozen markets but without increasing the supply of money to the economy .
The Bank ’s rapid move to the extreme option of creating new money in exchange for the bonds underlines the increasing sense of crisis .
The Bank ’s nightmare is a sustained period of deflation – general falling prices – which would prolong and deepen the recession by encouraging consumers and businesses to delay spending .
A short period of falling prices is expected later this year , driven by dropping energy costs , but with inflation falling and the economy contracting quicker than forecast , the Bank wants to act to prevent a downward spiral .
The results of a CBI survey released yesterday showed manufacturers ’ order books shrinking at their fastest rate since 1992 and companies expecting to cut output at a pace not seen for nearly 30 years .
The measure of export orders slumped to its lowest since November 2001 , quashing hopes that sterling ’s recent sharp fall would boost overseas sales for British businesses .
The Bank has never taken such a radical step to boost the money supply before but similar measures were used by Japan in the early 1990s and during the 1970s when the supply of sterling was increased .
Critics argue that creating new money did not prevent Japan ’s “ lost decade ” of stagnation .
The Bank has started a softening - up exercise to rebuff accusations that quantitative easing amounts to recklessly turning on the printing presses in a way that has driven countries such as Zimbabwe into hyperinflation .
Charles Bean , the deputy governor for monetary policy , said on Monday the aim was to boost the supply of money and credit to achieve the Bank ’s 2 per cent inflation target and not to finance a government budget deficit as happens in corrupt regimes .
With the economy “ undergoing a significant and sustained adjustment ” and inflation heading for negative territory , the Monetary Policy Committee decided it would need more than rate cuts to limit the recession and keep inflation close to its 2 per cent target in the medium term .
The minutes showed doubts growing about the impact of further interest - rate cuts as the committee agreed to slash borrowing costs to a record low of 1 per cent .
It voted 8 - 1 in favour of the half - point reduction .
David Blanchflower called for a one - point fall but the majority rebuffed his call for a bigger cut because it could deter banks from lending .
“ There was a great deal of uncertainty about what would happen to banks ’ and building societies ’ ability and willingness to lend at low levels of interest rates , ” the minutes said .
“ There might even be a point where further cuts in bank rate could have an adverse impact on the economy . ”
Mr Blanchflower said past errors were due to cutting too late and not too soon .
I SCRATCH EM AND I GET RELIEF .
THEN HOURS LATER I WANT TO SCRATCH EM AGAIN CAUSE THEY ITCH
IF I DO'NT THE FEELING GOES AWAY
IF I DO I ANT TO SCRATCH EM ALL DAY
W.T.F .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Ok , I lied .
You can't make a girl do anything she does n't want to , especially if she has a strong spirit , and I hope she does .
But you sure can help your case along , and it usually does n't take too much .
Even if she 's already fallen , Valentine 's Day is fast approaching , and it could n't hurt to up the ante , Gentlemen !
Pixabay
Love is a two - way street !
You may want to check out my article 50 Ways to Make a Guy Fall for You - please offer any further suggestions or tips in the comments section to spread the love .
Listen to what she has to say .
Remember what she says .
Paying attention even when she is n't around .
Example ?
" I remember you telling me you love that song by So - and - so .
It was playing the other day and it made me think of you . "
Let her know she comes into your mind even when she is n't around .
Compliment her .
Make her smile .
Give her enough space to maintain her desired Independence .
Be there when she needs you .
Even if it seems silly to you .
Problems affect different people differently , so try to understand .
Do n't let her get away with disrespecting you .
This may come as a surprise , but in every relationship , there will times where boundaries are tested .
She wo n't fall for someone who lets themselves be walked all over .
Let her know that you will always respect her , and you expect the same in return .
Trust her .
Jealousy is only attractive to those immature enough to find it flattering .
In reality , jealous can be a very ugly thing when it goes to great extents .
Trust her .
If you do n't and can't trust her , then you do n't belong in a relationship with this person .
Be worthy of her trust , and expect her to trust you as well .
This is one of the keys to make or break a relationship .
Surprise her .
It does n't have to be anything big .
Maybe just showing up at her house or work to say hello , if she likes that sort of thing .
Maybe the next time she comes over you have her favorite dessert waiting , or anything you know she likes .
Make her feel welcome in your home .
It can be awkward in the beginning of a relationship getting comfortable in a new place .
Assure her and do small things to make sure she feels at ease .
Later on , do n't make a huge fuss about letting her leave a few things at your place .
If you want her to stay over , then it 's nice for her to have some toiletries or extra garments around , so she can feel fresh and prepared .
Do something out of your comfort zone , especially for her .
If you never cook , cook her something .
If you can't dance , but she loves dancing , take a class together .
Try something she loves , even if it is unusual for you .
Who knows ?
You might even end up loving it .
Be happy .
Sometimes all it takes to brighten someone else 's day is to have a good one yourself .
Happiness is infectious .
Be a fun loving person , and she 'll want to be around you .
Give her something to look forward to .
Let her know that on Wednesday or Monday or Friday or the 24th , you have something planned .
It may not be your anniversary , it may not be Valentine 's Day - it 's just any old day .
But something is going to happen on it , she does n't know what , and that makes it special alone .
She 'll look forward to it all day , all week , or all month - however long you think is long enough and short enough to make her feel excited .
Make things special without spending any money .
Flowers , chocolates , wine , dinners on the town are all great , but it's also important that even when the weather is dull and you do n't want to leave the house , or you 're saving your funds for something else , that fun wo n't be forfeited .
Light some candles and give each other massages .
Watch a great movie that you both love , and prepare some special treats for the evening .
Cozy up with some tea , coffee , hot chocolate in a big arm chair and just talk .
Laugh off the small mistakes .
Do n't make a big ordeal out of every minor , little thing she might do wrong .
Be easygoing .
Dress up for her .
Maybe you 're a casual type of guy , but once in awhile , throw on that tuxedo t- shirt and let her know you want to look nice for her .
I 'm sure you love it when she dresses up for you .
Be active together .
Whether you run , walk , swim , hike , ice skate , hit the gym , snowboard , ski , toboggan - get the blood pumping and have fun getting active together .
Send her a random e-mail .
Or an IM .
Or a text .
Even if you live together and see each other everyday , it 's nice to get those sweet little notes .
Sneak a note into her pocket .
Explore a new place .
There 's something about experiencing something entirely new for both people that 's a very good bonding experience .
Unlock her car door first .
Chivalry is n't dead .
Mind your manners .
Some guys like to burp , shovel in their food , make outrageous innuendos with their buddies .
Keep in mind that your girl might not have the same sense of humor .
Give her an endearing pet name .
Know each other 's boundaries , and know whether these pet names are to be used only amongst yourself , or in public .
Discuss it before to avoid embarrassing either of yourselves .
Keep your sexual business private .
Avoid hashing all of the dirty , or not so dirty , details of what goes on between you .
This shows her you respect her .
Ask her opinion on different things .
She may just offer it anyways , but she will definitely notice if you ask for it before she had the chance to offer .
This shows it matters to you what she thinks .
Encourage her in her passions .
If she is taking up a new hobby or pursuing her career , tell her you think it 's awesome that she 's happy , and that you know she 's going to hit it out of the ballpark if she puts her mind to it .
Misbehave together once in awhile .
Stay up really late .
Eat that chocolate cake .
Indulge in something you probably should n't , but do it together .
Reminisce .
This might sound silly if you 've only known each other for a day , but a lot of girls are sentimental .
Re-hashing good memories feels good .
Take those photo booth pictures together in the mall .
Let her pick her two favorites , and you take the other two .
It might be silly , but it 's fun , and it leaves her with a token of a time where you acted like goofy kids and had a great time doing it .
Smile , smile , smile .
Especially in the early days .
If you 're smiling and looking happy , this is reassuring to a girl that you 're having a good time that you 're happy with her .
Go traditional , and get her flowers .
Or a flower .
For no reason .
Buy tickets to a special event .
A concert , the symphony , the theater , a comedy show , a sports game , a movie she 's looking forward to .
Be the perfect gentleman around her family .
Make an effort to get along with them , be polite , and inquire as to how things are going in their lives .
Get a fortune cookie made up with a hilarious message inside that could only be for her .
Be honest .
Be confident .
Be yourself .
No false advertising .
If she does n't like you for who you are then you do n't belong together anyways .
Tell your friends that she 's great .
It 's not like you have to ramble on for hours , but it goes a long way if , upon meeting her , your friends can genuinely say ' I 'm so glad to finally meet you , my buddy has told me so many good things about you . "
She will be beaming .
Wrestle .
Play .
Tickle her .
Have some childish fun .
If you 've been together for awhile , kiss her like it 's the first time all over again .
If it 's your first kiss , start off gently .
There 's nothing worse than a halfway assault .
Relax and take it easy .
Look through photo albums with her Mom , if she invites you to .
Enjoy it , even if she is a little embarrassed .
It shows her you 're interested in her , more than just a hook up or a fun fling .
Being interested in where she 's come from and how she grew up let 's her know you want to know what she 's all about .
Make her feel smart .
It 's one thing to be constantly told you look hot / pretty / cute / sexy , but it 's incredibly empowering to have your man let you know he thinks you 're smart , too .
Give her credit where credit is due .
Is she an unreal cook ?
Say so .
Is she good with numbers ?
Acknowledge that .
Does she make beautiful jewelry ?
If you 're out at a social gathering and it comes up , let people know in a casual way .
" Yeah , Angela actually dabbles in photography and it's really good . "
She might be a little embarrassed if she 's modest , but it will feel good anyways .
If you know she 's coming over after a long day , draw up a big bubble bath .
Even if you 're not getting in with her .
This gives her the opportunity to unwind and relax .
It feels good to have someone acknowledge your hard work , and it will feel just as good when she returns the favor .
Write her a poem , or make her a song , paint her a picture .
Whatever you strength is , create something for her .
If she 's so wonderful , let her be your muse and show her how she inspires you .
Take care in the details .
Know what 's important to her - birthdays , anniversaries - and take care of those things .
For most girls it is n't about huge , groundbreaking things .
It 's about all the little things that make you smile in your day to day , that keep your relationship and life exciting and fresh .
Happy Valentines
Day and best of luck to all you lovebirds !
have
Q : My car does not have an anti lock
My car does not have an anti lock braking system - i am interested in an abs light for my dash - i cannot afford nor am i interested in the actual braking benefits of an abs system - i am solely interested in tricking people into thinking my car is safer than it is .
do you or are you looking into prototyping this product - it seems like its up your alley .
A : We are working on new ideas , thank you .
Question & Answer
Not all of us can afford to check the option box for a sunroof when buying a new car , but thanks to a guy and his dream , the days of cruising with unadorned sheetmetal over your head are over , even for the cheapest tight wads among us .
The DECANO self - adhesive sunroof is a miracle of technology that 's comprised of a " series of flexible laminated layers , weatherproofed and framed with a self - adhesive tape . "
When affixed to the roof of your car , you 'll be known around town as the guy with enough bucks to buy a sunroof .
The public will never know your sunroof is actually a giant black sticker with a frame around it .
Yes , you can fool them all , but the question is whether your integrity and standing in the community is worth $ 25 plus $ 6 shipping and handling .
This candidate for Invention of the Year is available on eBay , which fortunately gives buyers the ability to ask this inventor some questions about his self - adhesive sunroof .
Below is perhaps the best one , and the rest you can read , no , youto read ( they 're that funny ) , after the jump .
You know , the '99 Alero does n't have a some roof .
It will soon !
Thanks for the tip , Brent !
[ Source : eBay via Mustang Evolution Q : Do I get a discount in shipping if I buy 2 ?
I want to put one on the roof and one on the inside of my car so when I look up a can pretend to be looking outside , also can you make one that simulates looking up at the stars I think chicks would really dig it or put a scary face on it so when People in my car look up the think there is somebody on the roof I think you have endless possibilities with this product .
Thanks .A : We give free shipping when you buy 3 or more .
Q : my car does not have an anti lock braking system - i am interested in an abs light for my dash - i cannot afford nor am i interested in the actual braking benefits of an abs system - i am solely interested in tricking people into thinking my car is safer than it is .
do you or are you looking into prototyping this product - it seems like its up your alley .
A : We are working on new ideas , thank you .Q : I honestly think this is the greatest product i've seen on ebay in a while .
Honestly if i did n't have a sunroof i think i would buy two and make it look like my car was a T top ..
I think you should sell that as a seperate product as well .... and if you do , give me a free one for the idea .
A : Thanks !Q : I do n't understand why someone would want the look without the functionality ?
Is this a gag to fool your friends ?
A : We came with this idea , sometimes people just want to have the look of a sunroof , and can´t afford or don´t have the permission to make a hole to their / parent´s car .Q :
Do you have a holographic version so that if someone looks from a certain angle , the sunroof will look like it 's open ?
Do you also have a sunroof visor that I can stick on to look like I have a real sunroof visor ?
Do you also sell controls that I can stick on the ceiling of the car so I can act like I have a sunroof controls ?
I 'm curious ,
If I stick it on the hood of my car would this then be called sunhood ?
This is one of the best ideas I have ever heard of .A : We are still working on having more products like this , at this moment we only have this self adhesive sunroof .
You can put it in the hood if you want .
Thank youQ :
What kind of tool would I use for cutting the whole ?
will it leak ?
A : This sunroof is ornamental , it´s only a sticker with the shape of a sunroof that you put in your car´s roof and gives your car the look of a real sunroof , but you don´t make any holes to the car , and you can´t see through it .
You don´t make any modifications to your car .Q :
So what type of motor does it take and how do i go by wiring it all up and locating the switch ??A :
This sunroof is ornamental , it´s only a sticker with the shape of a sunroof that you put in your car´s roof and gives your car the look of a real sunroof , but you don´t make any holes to the car , and you can´t see through it .
You don´t make any modifications to your car .Q :
How much would it cost for a shop to do the install on this sunroof on a 1994 Subaru Legacy L?A :
This is only a sunroof sticker that gives your car the look of a real sunroof .
You can install it yourself , you don´t need to make holes in your car and you will not be able to see through it .Q : Will I have to declare the addition of this modification to my insurance company and will it compromise the structural integrity of my car ?
A :
It doesn´t compromise the structural integrity of your car because it´s just a sticker with the shape of a sunroof that you put in your car´s roof .Q : I would really love the open - roof experience of a sunroof .
I 'm very excited to see that this can give me that feeling without drilling holes .
What a product !
How does it work ?
A : First you clean your car´s roof
You select a place where you want you Selfadhesive sunroof to be , check for any bubbles .
Remove the peripherical edge binding and press the molding frame against the car .
As I told before , this self adhesive sunroof is just ornamental , and will give only the look of a sunroof .Q : Will this work with my convertible ?
A : If it has a solid top you can use it .Q : can I get away with only buying one , for two cars ... and switch which one I put it on depending on my mood ?
A : Once you install the sunroof if you take it off , the sunroof won´t damage your car , but it will not be able to use on another car , this is for prevent burglars to steal it .Q : Can this be put on other parts of the car , such as the hood or trunk lid , or do you have to put it on the roof ?
Does it fit all models ?
I have a Dodge Stratus right now , but I 'm probably gonna get a Dodge Viper pretty soon .A : Yes , you can put it on other parts of the car .
If fits all models .Q : How does the sun get thru the roof ?
A : The sun won´t get thru the roof , because the self adhesive sunroof is a sticker that gives your car the look of a real sunroof , but you don´t make a hole to the car .Q : Does this sunroof come with all of the installation tools necessary for proper install ?
A :
This sunroof is ornamental , it´s only a sticker that you put in your car´s roof and gives your the look of a sunroof , but you don´t make any holes to the car .
It comes with step to step instructions , it ´s very easy because you only have to put the sunroof sticker in the car .
Q : how much horsepower does this add ?
A :
The self adhesive sunroof doesn´t add any horsepower to the car .Q : I would love to have a sunroof - is it guaranteed to be waterproof ?
do you have pictures from the inside of the car after install ?
A :
This sunroof is ornamental , it´s only a sticker in the car´s roof , and it´s waterproof and weatherproof , there´s no need to make holes on the car .
From the inside the car will look the same since you´ll only be attaching the sticker sunroof in the carroof .Q :
What is this magnetic technology ?
so is it a sticker or a magnet ?
A : It ´s a magnet and a sticker so it can stick better to the car .Q :
Is this the kind of sunroof that slides back or only pops up ?
A : This sunroof is only ornamental , it´s a sticker that gives your car the look of a real sunroof , but it doesn´t slides back or pops up .Q : Does the product come with instructions on how to cut the hole in the car roof ?
A :
This sunroof is ornamental , it is only a layer of stickers that attaches to your car , without any holes and gives the car the appearance of a sunroof .
Netbook shipments will see tremendous growth this year but wo n't be enough to boost overall worldwide PC shipments , which will sink due to the global economic downturn , according to surveys from IDC and Gartner released on Wednesday .
Shipments of netbooks , or mini-notebooks as IDC calls them , totaled 10 million in 2008 and will likely double this year , IDC said in a study .
But the growth will be outweighed by slow or even declining sales of traditional laptop and desktop PCs , IDC said .
IDC defines netbooks as devices with 7 - to 12 - inch screens and a fully functional OS like Windows XP or Vista .
Even Microsoft's Windows 7 OS wo n't give PC shipments a big lift if it ships this year ahead of schedule , as some expect , said Doug Bell , research analyst at IDC .
There may be an initial spike as early adopters climb on board , but most consumers will likely wait until the economy recovers .
As usual with a brand - new OS , corporations will delay adoption until bugs have been worked out , which could run into the middle of 2010 or beyond , Bell said .
After six consecutive years of growth , worldwide PC shipments fell 0.4 percent year - over - year in the fourth quarter of 2008 , according to IDC .
Shipments of mainstream laptops and desktops will continue to be slow this year but should recover by mid-2010 as economies recover and consumer spending increases .
A main concern for vendors is the lack of corporate spending on IT equipment , Bell said .
Budgets are frozen and not likely to open up soon to refresh PCs , he said .
Price - sensitive consumers are also increasingly opting for cheaper PCs like netbooks priced between US$ 300 and $ 500 .
Netbooks are having the trickle - down effect of driving down prices for mainstream laptops , Bell said .
That has driven down margins of PC makers , who have been forced to introduce cheaper systems to meet demand .
All major vendors including Hewlett - Packard , Dell , Acer and Lenovo are now offering netbooks .
Netbooks are also reaching buyers in new ways , which could boost their shipment numbers .
They are being offered as part of telecommunication bundles to consumers in Europe , for example .
That trend has already started to appear in the U.S. , with the Acer Aspire One being offered by RadioShack for US$ 99.99 with a two - year AT&T mobile broadband plan .
Netbooks helped Acer record a 25.3 percent growth in its worldwide PC shipments during the fourth quarter , Bell said .
By contrast , top vendors Hewlett - Packard and Dell struggled to record solid growth .
HP shipped 15 million PCs in the fourth quarter , a 3.1 percent year - over - year gain , to give it 19.6 percent market share .
Dell saw its shipments fall year - over - year by 6.3 percent to 10.6 million .
Acer 's shipments were 9.1 million , followed by Lenovo , which saw a 4.8 percent drop in shipments to 5.6 million .
Toshiba saw its shipments climb 20.2 percent to 3.7 million for fifth place .
Acer 's growth was particularly strong in the U.S. , where shipments jumped 55 percent in the fourth quarter , increasing its lead over Apple as the third - largest PC vendor , according to Gartner .
Acer shipped 2.38 million PCs in the U.S. , while Apple 's sales increased 8 percent year - over - year to 1.26 million units .
Dell and HP , the top two PC vendors in the U.S. , saw their sales decline .
Dell 's shipments fell by 16.4 percent to 4.47 million units , giving it 28.6 percent of the market .
In close second , HP saw its shipments drop 3.4 percent to 4.3 million .
Toshiba came in fifth place .
Some people in California need answers !
Did they actually buy a rare painting of Barack Obama from before he was famous ?
Or just an ugly painting of a random black guy in a garish shirt ?
Two Obama supporters bought this painting a year ago .
Who is that guy ?
Scrawled on the back is a notation that says : " BARACK OBAMA ( casual attire ) . "
Strokes of teal and burgundy provide a vibrant contrast to Obama 's even more colorful striped shirt , evoking a late ' 70s disco vibe .
Indeed , the portrait appears to be the 44th president in his early 20s , casually seated in white slacks and that mod shirt , stylishly open at the collar .
Little is known about the artist , Alan Adams , other than that he worked in Los Angeles for many years and , possibly , briefly in Hawaii .
But nobody can find out anything about the artist and Barack himself is just too busy to answer any questions , and the lady who donated the painting is n't saying where she got it , so it 's all a BIG MYSTERY .
Points in favor of it being real : the notation on the back ; the physical resemblance to Obama ; and the fact that Obama reportedly lived in Cali and maybe Hawaii at the same time as the painter .
Points against it being real :
What is that shirt , there ?
Mystery ! [ LAT ]
Israel admits using white phosphorus in Gaza , but says it was used legally International Criminal Court officials are considering an application by the Palestinian Authority that could allow it to investigate war crimes in Gaza .
The Palestinians have accused Israel of breaking the laws of war during its recent 22 - day offensive in Gaza .
The PA hopes recognition of the court 's jurisdiction will allow it to investigate allegations .
Israel does not recognise the ICC 's jurisdiction .
The ICC 's founding statute says only states can recognise its jurisdiction .
Prosecutor Luis Moreno - Ocampo said it could take some time to decide whether the Palestinian Authority was legally able to make this move .
The court has made public a letter from Palestinian Justice Minister Ali Khashan recognising the authority of the ICC - the world 's first permanent war crimes tribunal .
What is a state in international law , in particular in the Gaza territory - that is the discussion
Prosecutor Luis Moreno - Ocampo
" My work now is to analyse if this is in accordance with the law , " Mr Moreno - Ocampo said .
Human rights groups have called for international investigation of alleged war crimes during the conflict by both Israeli forces and Hamas militants .
Mr Moreno - Ocampo said he had received 150 separate communications alleging war crimes during the Gaza conflict .
Some analysts said the Palestinian plan was unlikely to succeed because the ICC is only open to states and the PA could not unilaterally recognise its authority .
" Who is the state in Gaza ? " Mr Moreno - Ocampo was quoted saying .
" What is a state in international law , in particular in the Gaza territory - that is the discussion .
It is a complicated discussion . "
If the prosecutor accepts Palestinian jurisdiction , he must then determine whether war crimes were been committed in Gaza and whether national criminal proceedings had been launched .
If not , the court could authorise an official investigation .
Israel 's military tactics came under intense scrutiny as evidence emerged of the high numbers of Palestinian civilians killed in Gaza .
Among complaints made by human rights groups were accusations of indiscriminate firing and the use of white phosphorus shells in civilian areas .
There was no immediate Israeli response to the announcement at the Hague - based ICC .
Israel admitted using white phosphorus in Gaza but said it did not break international law in doing so .
Outgoing Prime Minister Ehud Olmert announced the state would keep serving soldiers " safe from any tribunal " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Brazil 's disappearing rainforests have long been of concern Brazil has announced a plan to reduce deforestation rates in the Amazon region by 70 % over the next ten years .
The plan follows a call for international funding to prevent further loss of the Amazon rainforest .
This year , the rate of Amazon deforestation increased after falling for the past four years .
The new initiative by the Brazilians came as the UN 's latest round of climate talks began in the Polish city of Poznan .
Tasso Azevedo , head of the Brazilian government 's forestry service said : " We can now adopt targets because we now have the instruments to implement them . "
He was referring to a new Amazon fund , where foreign nations are being encouraged by Brazil to contribute financially to the conservation of the vast Amazon region .
Last month , Norway announced its intention to support the fund , saying it will give $ 130 m ( euros 103 m ; £ 88 m ) next year , the first instalment of $ 1bn to be given over the next seven years .
However Norway will only make each year 's donation on the condition that there has been a reduction in deforestation during the previous year .
The 70 % figure comes from averaging levels of deforestation in the 10 years up to 2005 .
The new plan aims to see a reduction in deforestation of nearly 6,000 sq.km .
per year , or about half the current annual rate of deforestation .
Long - term commitment A crackdown on illegal settlements and increased policing in the Amazon region came earlier this year , following an estimated 3.8 % increase in deforestation compared with the previous year .
Burning of the forests has contributed to increases in global atmospheric carbon dioxide levels , but Brazil 's Environment Minister Carlos Minc said the initiative showed the country was committed to reducing global emissions .
" Just in terms of avoided deforestation in the Amazon , the plan foresees a reduction of 4.8bn tons of carbon dioxide that wo n't be emitted up to 2018 - which is more than the reduction efforts fixed by all the rich countries , " he said .
But environmental campaigners have said more needs to be done .
" The biggest Brazilian contribution to the fight against climate change is to bring deforestation to an end in the Amazon , " said Sergio Leitao , Greenpeace director of public politics in Brazil .
" In adopting timid targets the government is showing that it is going in the right direction , but at the wrong speed , because the problem requires urgent solutions , " he told the BBC .
" By connecting the reduction of deforestation to obtaining international resources , in a moment of economic crisis , the government has an argument ready for not achieving targets in the future , " Mr Leitao said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As programmers , our code should be readable , not cryptic ; but sometimes it ’s fun to surprise , obfuscate or conceal .
Wikipedia says :
Steganography is the art and science of writing hidden messages in such a way that no - one apart from the sender and intended recipient even realizes there is a hidden message .
By contrast , cryptography obscures the meaning of a message , but it does not conceal the fact that there is a message .
Lemon juice on paper never worked for me , and ( as I discovered when I tried to devise a title for an earlier post ) it ’s hard work hiding a text message as a pattern within a larger text message .
Sadly my hair is too fine for Histiaeus ’s inspired shave - a- slave trick .
In a digital age , steganographers have it easier .
The larger the carrier message the easier it is to disguise a payload within it .
My mobile phone has a 3 megapixel camera ; I could embed the entire text content of this website ( tarred and bzipped ) within a single one of its photos without anyone noticing .
The Wikipedia page on steganography has a remarkable example of a picture of a tree which , after some bit - shifting , turns into a passable picture of a cat !
The Python Imaging Library ( PIL ) makes tinkering with images a snip .
Here ’s a short program to hide messages in images , and to reveal such messages .
PIL is n’t ready for Python 3.0 yet , so I ’m using 2.6 .
Note in passing the use of a couple of recent additions to my favourite module , itertools .
product and itertools.izip_longest .
PIL steganography ''' Digital image steganography based on the Python Imaging Library ( PIL )
Any message can be hidden , provided the image is large enough .
The message is packed into the least significant bits of the pixel colour bands .
A 4 byte header ( packed in the same way ) carries the message payload length . ''' import Image import itertools as its def n_at_a_time ( items , n , fillvalue ) : ''' Returns an iterator which groups n items at a time .
Any final partial tuple will be padded with the fillvalue >>> list ( n_at_a_time ( [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ] , 2 , ' X ' ) ) [ ( 1 , 2 ) , ( 3 , 4 ) , ( 5 , ' X ' ) ] ''' it = iter ( items ) return its.izip_longest ( *[ it ] * n , fillvalue=fillvalue ) def biterator ( data ) : ''' Returns a biterator over the input data . >>> list ( biterator ( chr ( 0b10110101 ) ) ) [ 1 , 0 , 1 , 1 , 0 , 1 , 0 , 1 ] ''' return ( ( ord ( ch ) >> shift ) & 1 for ch , shift in its.product ( data , range ( 7 , - 1 , - 1 ) ) ) def header (n ) : ''' Return n packed in a 4 byte string . ''' bytes = ( chr(n >> s & 0xff ) for s in range ( 24 , - 8 , - 8 ) ) return ( ' %s ' * 4 ) % tuple ( bytes ) def setls b ( cpt , bit ) : ''' Set least significant bit of a colour component . ''' return cpt & ~ 1 | bit def hide_bits ( pixel , bits ) : ''' Hide a bit in each pixel component , returning the resulting pixel .''' return tuple ( its.starmap( setlsb , zip ( pixel , bits ) ) ) def hide_bit( pixel , bit ) : ''' Similar to the above , but for single band images .''' return setls b ( pixel , bit [ 0 ] ) def unpack_lsbits_from_image( image ) : ''' Unpack least significant bits from image pixels . '''
# Return depends on number of colour bands .
See also hide_bit(s ) if len( image.getbands ( ) ) == 1 : return ( px & 1 for px in image. getdata ( ) ) else : return ( cc & 1 for px in image. getdata ( ) for cc in px ) def call ( f ) : # ( Used to defer evaluation of f ) return f( ) def disguise ( image , data ) : ''' Disguise data by packing it into an image .
On success , the image is modified and returned to the caller .
On failure , None is returned and the image is unchanged .
''' payload = ' %s %s ' % ( header ( len ( data ) ) , data ) npixels = image.size [ 0 ] * image.size [ 1 ] nbands = len(image.getbands ( ) ) if len( payload ) * 8 <= npixels * nbands : new_pixel = hide_bit if nbands == 1 else hide_bits pixels = image.getdata ( ) bits = n_at_a_time ( biterator ( payload ) , nbands , 0 ) new_pixels = its.starmap( new_pixel , its.izip( pixels , bits ) ) image.putdata( list( new_pixels ) ) return image def reveal ( image ) : ''' Returns any message disguised in the supplied image file , or None . ''' bits = unpack_lsbits_from_image( image ) def accum_bits ( n ) : return reduce ( lambda a , b : a << 1 | b , its.islice ( bits , n ) , 0 ) def next_ch ( ) : return chr(accum_bits ( 8 ) ) npixels = image.size [ 0 ] * image.size [ 1 ] nbands = len(image.getbands ( ) ) data_length = accum_bits ( 32 ) if npixels * nbands > 32 + data_length * 8 : return ''.join(its.imap( call , its.repeat ( next_ch , data_length ) ) ) if __name__ == " __main__ " : import urllib droste = urllib.urlopen ( " http://is.gd/cHqT " ) .read( ) open ( " droste.png " , " wb " ) .write ( droste ) droste = Image.open ( " droste.png " ) while droste : droste.show ( ) droste = reveal ( droste ) if droste : open ( " droste.png " , " wb " ) .write ( droste ) droste = Image.open ( " droste.png " )
The code is available via anonymous SVN access at http://svn.wordaligned.org/svn/etc/steganography.
☡ For brevity , I have n’t provided a nice user interface to disguise ( ) and reveal ( ) .
The short main program is ( intentionally ) lightly obfuscated .
Disguise ( ) modifies the supplied image argument — use Image.copy ( ) if this is a problem .
You must also choose a lossless format to save the disguised image : I recommend PNG , but please do check reveal ( ) works on any saved image .
Keen on quines and cocoa ?
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
Rose Atoll - " the highest proportion of live coral cover anywhere in the world "
The US is to establish what it calls " the largest area of protected sea in the world " around its Pacific islands .
Commercial fishing and mining will be banned in the protected zones which include the Marianas Trench , the deepest area of ocean on the planet .
The area totals 500,000 sq km ( 190,000 sq miles ) of sea and sea floor .
While welcoming the protection package , environmental activists said that without curbing climate change , the other measures would be meaningless .
President George W Bush will formally announce the measure during an address on Tuesday evening in Washington .
Mr Bush has protected more special places in the sea than any other person in history
Joshua Reichert
Pew Environment Group Earth Watch blog : Bush 's legacy
Briefing journalists in advance , his environmental advisor James Connaughton said the move meant the US was " setting the mark for the world with respect to effective marine management " .
" The conservation action is going to benefit the public and future generations through enhanced science , knowledge and awareness , and just good old - fashioned inspiration , because these places are exceptionally dynamic when it comes to the marine environment , " said the chairman of the White House council on environmental quality .
The areas covered include some of the islands most remote from the world 's large populations centres , which have not so far encountered the intense fishing present across much of the oceans .
They also encompass some of the most biologically diverse places on the planet , undersea volcanoes and hot seafloor vents , and submarine pools of sulphur thought to be unique on Earth .
War monuments
The measure involves establishing three new " national monuments " around different US territories in the Pacific .
Bush 's legacy as a climate criminal will far outweigh his ocean legacy
Brendan Cummings
Center for Biological Diversity Together they encompass the Marianas Trench and the long arc of volcanoes and undersea vents along the Mariana Islands chain , south of Japan and north of Papua New Guinea ; coral reefs around the three northernmost islands of the Marianas ; and eight more coral atolls and islands .
The Marianas group includes islands such as Saipan and Tinian which played significant roles in World War II , and Guam which is still a major US base .
One of the other places now receiving protection , Johnston Atoll , was formerly used to stockpile chemical weapons .
Mr Connaughton said the national monuments would be established in a way " that also fully respects our nation 's national security needs by ensuring freedom of navigation for all vessels in accordance with international law and by ensuring that our military can stay ready and be globally mobile " .
The pink corals of Palmyra Atoll can reflect on their new protection
The Marianas Trench , which reaches depths of about 11 km ( about seven miles ) , and the string of volcanoes and vents will be protected from mineral exploration .
The coral areas will also see a complete ban on commercial fishing out to 50 nautical miles from shore .
" It 's very significant both from an ecological and biological perspective as well as in its political symbolism , " said Joshua Reichert , managing director of the Pew Environment Group .
THE PROTECTED AREAS Marianas Trench , volcanic arc and northern coral reefs " Remote Islands " : Kingman Reef , Palmyra Atoll , Howland Island , Baker Island , Jarvis Island , Johnston Atoll , and Wake Island Rose Atoll near American Samoa
Fish dance on sulphur cauldrons " In the Marianas alone , the area that 's been protected contains some of world 's most exceptional geology .
Rose Atoll has the highest proportion of live coral cover anywhere in the world . "
Brendan Cummings , oceans programme director at the Center for Biological Diversity which has brought several court actions against the Bush administration on climate change , also welcomed the commercial fishing ban but said curbing greenhouse emissions was also vital for the long - term preservation of corals .
" Unless we deal with global warming , all other protective measures for coral reefs will be rendered meaningless , " he said .
" Ultimately , Bush 's legacy as a climate criminal will far outweigh his ocean legacy , as any benefit coral reefs receive from this monument designation will be bleached away by warming seas . "
As well as warming the oceans , rising carbon dioxide emissions are slowly reducing the alkalinity of seawater , which is also projected to have a detrimental effect on coral growth .
President Bush 's administration has come under fire in recent months from environmentalists angered by its reluctance to cut carbon emissions , by its moves to weaken endangered species legislation and by its support for naval use of sonar systems that can kill whales .
But , said Mr Reichert , the outgoing president has " protected more special places in the sea than any other person in history " .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Buzzle
January 23 , 2009
With the banking crisis reaching new lows , the unthinkable is being thought : could Britain be the next Iceland ?
Both currencies have been through the mill .
Sterling yesterday hit a 25 - year low against the dollar and has lost roughly a third of its value against the euro in the past year .
The Icelandic krona plummeted against the dollar and lost more than half its value against the euro before it was suspended in October .
In one day the krona slumped 30 % against the euro .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
There is also an uncomfortable closeness in the liabilities stored up by banks in each country .
The debts of the big failed Icelandic banks totalled about 600 % of the country ’s GDP , which seems astronomical until you discover that the liabilities racked up by Britain ’s come to about 400 to 450 % of its GDP .
Iceland has recently had to get a $ 2.1 bn loan from the IMF to help bail out its banks and broken economy .
It happened in Britain in the 1970s .
But surely it could n’t happen again ?
“ When the banking sector collapses , the domestic currency of the country in question will obviously suffer , ” said Nick Fullerton , managing director at FC Exchange .
“ The events in Iceland reflected exactly this but to draw direct comparisons with the UK is difficult as the situation is complex .
“ There are a plethora of reasons for sterling plummeting , not just the state of the banks .
If you add in factors such as deflationary concerns and alarming economic indicators you have a collaboration of negativity manifesting in the fall in the value of sterling . ”
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Full text of " Secret armies ; the new technique of Nazi warfare "
i Exposing Hitler s Undeclared War on the Americas The Book and the Author John L. Spivak comes closer to the popular conception of the ace journalist than any other living writer .
Com bining the instinct of a detective with the resourceful ness of a reporter , and gifted with a hard - hitting , breezy style , he has time and again " scooped the world , " " gotten the story " despite powerful opposition and personal danger that might well have daunted less hardy souls .
But there is an important difference that sets Spivak apart from most other gentlemen of the press .
For sev eral years he has devoted his bright and sharp pen solely to uncovering evidence of fascist activities in the United States evidence that is credited with having set off several official investigations exposing un-American , foreign - dominated propaganda .
SECRET ARMIES climaxes Spivak s exposures .
His sen sational inside story of Hitler s far - flung , under - cover poison campaign in the Americas would seem scarcely credible , were it not so thoroughly documented with original letters and records , citing chapter and verse , naming names , dates and places .
His unanswerable , uncontradicted facts should go far toward jolting many of us out of our false sense of security .
Books by John L. Spivak THE DEVIL S BRIGADE GEORGIA NIGGER AMERICA FACES THE BARRICADES EUROPE UNDER THE TERROR SECRET ARMIES The New Technique of Nazi War / ore JOHN L SPIVAK MODERN AGE BOOKS , INC .
432 FOURTH AVENUE NEW YORK COPYRIGHT 1939 BY JOHN L. SPIVAK PUBLISHED BY MODERN AGE BOOKS , INC .
432 Fourth Avenue New York City
All rights in this book are reserved , and it may not be reproduced in whole or in part without written permission from the holder of these rights .
For information address the publishers .
First Printing , February 1939 Second Printing , March 1939 60 Printed in the United States of America CONTENTS CHAPTER PACE Preface 7 I Czechoslovakia Before the Carving 9 II England s Cliveden Set 17 III France s Secret Fascist Army 31 IV Dynamite Under Mexico 43 V Surrounding the Panama Canal 56 VI Secret Agents Arrive in America 73 VII Nazi Spies and American " Patriots " 84 VIII Henry Ford and Secret Nazi Activities 102 IX Nazi Agents in American Universities 118 X Underground Armies in America 130 XI The Dies Committee Suppresses Evidence 137 XII Conclusion 155 ILLUSTRATIONS PACE Application in the Secret Order of 76 by Sidney Brooks 77 Letter from Harry A. Jung 82 Anti-Semitic handbill 85 Letter from Peter V. Armstrong 89 Letter to Peter V. Armstrong 90 Account card of Reverend Gerald B. Winrod 104 Sample of " Capitol News & Feature Service " 106 Letter from Wessington Springs Independent 107 Letter from General Rodriguez Ill Letter from General Rodriguez 113 Letter from Henry Allen 115 Anti-Semitic sticker and German titlepage of book by Henry Ford 117 Letter from Olov E. Tietzow 125 Judgment showing conviction of E. F. Sullivan 138-139 Letter from Carl G. Orgell 151 Letter from G. Moshack 153 Letter from E. A. Vennekohl .. , 154 Preface THE MATERIAL IN THIS SMALL VOLUME just barely scratches the surface of a problem which is becoming increasingly grave : the activities of Nazi agents in the United States , Mexico , and Central America .
During the past five years I have observed some of them , watching the original , crudely organized and directed propaganda machine develop , grow and leave an influence far wider than most people seem to realize .
What at first appeared to be merely a distasteful attempt by Nazi Government officials at direct interference in the affairs of the American people and their Government , has now assumed the more sinister aspect of also seeking American naval and military secrets .
Further studies in Central America , Mexico and the Panama Canal Zone disclosed an espionage network directed by the Rome - Berliri - Tokyo axis and operating against the peace and security of the United States .
A scrutiny of the Nazi Fifth Column * in a few European countries , especially in Czechoslo vakia just before that Republic was turned over to Germany s *
When the Spanish Insurgents were investing Madrid early in November , 1936 , newspaper correspondents asked Insurgent General Emilio Mola which of his four columns would take the city .
Mola replied enigmatically : " The Fifth Column . "
He referred to the fascist sympathizers within Madrid those attempting to abet the defeat of the Spanish Government by means of spying , sabotage and terrorism .
The term " Fifth Column " is today widely used to de scribe the various fascist and Nazi organizations operating within the borders of non-fascist nations .
8 SECRET ARMIES mercy by the Munich " peace " and in France where Nazi and Italian agents built an amazing secret underground army , has made the fascist activities in the Western Hemisphere somewhat dearer to me .
I have included one chapter detailing events which cannot , so far as I have been able to discover , be traced directly to Nazi espionage ; but it shows the influence of Nazi ideology upon England s now notorious " Cliveden set , " which maneuvered the betrayal of Austria , sacrificed Czechoslovakia and is working in devious ways to strengthen Hitler in Europe .
The " Cliveden set " has already had so profound an effect upon the growth and in fluence of fascism throughout the world , that I thought it ad visable to include it .
The sources for most of the material , by its very nature , naturally cannot be revealed .
Those conversations which I quote directly came from people who were present when they occurred or , as in the case of the Cagoulards in France , from official records .
In the chapter on Czechoslovakia I quote a conversation between a Nazi spy and his chief .
The details came to me from a source which in the past I had found accurate .
Subsequently , the spy was arrested by Czech secret police , and his confession substantiated the conversation as I have given it .
Much of the material in this volume has been published in various periodicals from time to time , but so many Americans feel that concern over Nazi penetration in this country is exag gerated , that I hope even this brief and incomplete picture will serve to impress the reader , as it has impressed me , with the gravity of the situation .
J. L. S. Czechoslovakia Before The Carving IT IS PRETTY GENERALLY ADMITTED ROW that the Munich " peace " gave Germany industrial and military areas essential to fur ther aggressions .
Instead of helping to put a troubled Europe on the road to lasting peace , Munich strengthened the totalitarian powers , especially Germany , and a strengthened Germany in evitably means increased activities of the Nazis Fifth Column which is , in all quarters of the globe , actively preparing the ground for Hitler s greater plans .
If we can divine the future by the past , the Fifth Column , that shadowy group of secret agents now entrenched in every important country throughout the world , is an omeri of what is to come .
Before Germany marched into Austria , that unhappy country witnessed a large influx of Fifth Column members .
In Czechoslovakia , especially in those months before the Republic s heart was handed to Hitler on a platter , there was a tremendous increase in the numbers and activities of agents sent into the Central European country .
During my stay there in the brief period immediately pre ceding the " peace , " I learned a little about the operations of the Gestapo s secret agents in Czechoslovakia .
Their numbers are vast and those few of whom I learned , are infinitesimal to the actual numbers at work then and now , not only in Czechoslo vakia but in other countries .
What I learned of those few , how - 10 SECRET ARMIES ever , shows how the Gestapo , the Nazi secret service , operates in its ruthless drive .
For years
Hitler had laid plans to fight , if he had to , for Czechoslovakia , whose natural mountain barriers and man-made defensive line of steel and concrete stood in the way of his an nounced drive to the Ukrainian wheat fields .
In preparation for the day when he might have to fight for its control , he sent into the Republic a host of spies , provocateurs , propagandists and saboteurs to establish themselves , make contacts , carry on propa ganda and build a machine which would be invaluable in time of war .
In a few instances I learned the details of the Nazis inex orable determination and their inhuman indifference to the lives of even their own agents .
Arno Oertel , alias Harald Half , was a thin , white - faced spy trained in two Gestapo schools for Fifth Column work .
Oertel was given a German passport by Richter , the Gestapo district chief at Bischofswerda on what was then the Czechoslovak - Ger man frontier .
" You will proceed to Prague , " Richter instructed him , " and lose yourself in the city .
As soon as it is safe , go to Langenau near Boehmisch - Leipa and report to Frau Anna Suchy . *
She will give you further instructions . "
Oertel nodded .
It was his first important espionage job as signed to him after the twenty - five - year - old secret agent had fin ished his intensive course in the special Gestapo training school in Zossen ( Brandenburg ) , one of the many schools established by the Nazi secret service to train agents for various activities .
After his graduation Oertel had been given minor practical * Frau Suchy was one of the most active members of Konrad Henlein s Deutscher Volksbund , a propaganda and espionage organization masquerading as a " cultural " body in the Sudeten area .
She is today a leading official in the new German Sudetenland .
CZECHOSLOVAKIA
BEFORE THE CARVING 1 1 training in politically disruptive work in anti-fascist organiza tions across the Czech border where he had posed as a German emigre \
There he had shown such aptitude that his Gestapo chief at sector headquarters in Dresden , Herr Geissler , sent him to Czechoslovakia on a special mission .
Oertel hesitated .
" Naturally I ll take all possible precautions but accidents may happen . "
Richter nodded .
" If you are caught and arrested , demand to see the German Consul immediately , " he said .
" If you are in a bad predicament , we ll request your extradition on a criminal charge burglarly with arms , attempted murder some non-po litical crime .
We ve got a treaty with Czechoslovakia to extradite Germans accused of criminal acts but "
The Gestapo chief opened the top drawer of his desk and took a small capsule from a box .
" If you find yourself in an utterly hopeless situation , swallow this . "
He handed the pellet to the nervous young man .
" Cyanide , " Richter said .
" Tie it up in a knot in your hand kerchief .
It will not be taken from you if you are arrested .
There is always an opportunity while being searched to take it . "
Oertel tied the pellet in a corner of his handkerchief and placed it in his breast pocket .
" You are to make two reports , " Richter continued .
" One for Frau Suchy , the other for the contact in Prague .
She ll get you in touch with him . "
Anna Suchy , when Oertel reported to her , gave him specific orders : " On August 16 [ 1937 ] , at five o clock in the afternoon , you will sit on a bench near the fountain in Karlsplatz in Prague .
A man dressed in a gray suit , gray hat , with a blue handkerchief showing from the breast pocket of his coat , will ask you for a light for his cigarette .
Give him the light and accept a cigarette from the gentleman .
He will give you detailed instructions on 12 SECRET ARMIES what to do and how to meet the Prague contact to whom in turn you will report . "
At the appointed hour Oertel sat on a bench staring at the fountain , watching men and women strolling and chatting cheer fully on the way to meet friends for late afternoon coffee .
Occa sionally he looked at the afternoon papers lying on the bench beside him .
He felt that he was being watched but he saw no one in a gray suit with a blue handkerchief .
He wiped his fore head with his handkerchief , partly because of the heat , partly because of nervousness .
As he held the handkerchief he could feel the tightly bound capsule .
Precisely at five he noticed a man in a gray suit with a gray hat and a blue handkerchief in the breast pocket of his coat , strolling toward him .
As the man approached he took out a package of cigarettes , selected one and searched his pockets for a light .
Stopping before Oertel , he doffed his hat and smilingly asked for a light .
Oertel produced his lighter and the other in turn offered him a cigarette .
He sat down on the bench .
" Report once a week , " he said abruptly , puffing at his cigarette and staring at two children playing in the sunshine which flooded Karlsplatz .
He stretched his feet like a man relaxing after a hard day s work .
" Deliver reports to Frau Suchy personally .
One week she will come to Prague , the next you go to her .
De liver a copy of your report to the English missionary , Vicar Robert Smith , who lives at 31 Karlsplatz . "
Smith , to whom the unidentified man in the gray suit told Oertel to report , was a minister of the Church of Scotland in Prague , a British subject with influential connections not only with English - speaking people but with Czech government officials . *
Besides his ministerial work , the Reverend Smith led * The Rev. Smith returned to England when he learned that the Czecho - slovakian secret police were watching him .
At the present writing he had not returned to his church in Prague .
CZECHOSLOVAKIA BEFORE THE CARVING 13 an amateur orchestra group giving free concerts for German emigres .
On his clerical recommendation , he got German " em igre " women into England as house servants for British govern ment officials and army officers .
The far - flung Gestapo network in Czechoslovakia concen trated much of its activities along the former German - Czech bor der .
In Prague , even today when Germany has achieved what she said was all she wanted in Europe , the network reaches into all branches of the Government , the military forces and emigre anti-fascist groups .
The country , before it was cut to pieces and even now , is honeycombed with Gestapo agents sent from Ger many with false passports or smuggled across the border .
Often the Gestapo uses Czech citizens whose relatives are in Germany and upon whom pressure is put .
The work of these agents consists not only of ferreting out military information regarding Czech defense measures and establishing contacts with Czech citizens for permanent espionage , but of the equally im portant assignment of disrupting anti-fascist groups of creating opposition within organizations having large memberships in or der to split and disintegrate them .
Agents also make reports on public opinion and attitudes , and record carefully the names and addresses of those engaged in anti-fascist work .
A similar procedure was followed in Austria before that country was in vaded , and it enabled the Nazis to make wholesale arrests im mediately upon entering the country .
Prague , with a German population of sixty thousand is still the headquarters for the astonishing espionage and propaganda machine which the Gestapo built throughout the country .
Before Czechoslovakia was cut up , most of the espionage reports crossed the frontier into Germany through Tetschen - Bodenbach .
The propaganda and espionage center of the Henlein group was in the headquarters of the Sudeten Deutsche Partei at 4 Hybernska 14 SECRET ARMIES St . A secondary headquarters , in the Dcutscher Hilfsverein at 7 Nekazanka St. , was directed by Emil Wallner , who was ostensibly representing the Leipzig Fair but was actually the chief of the Gestapo machine in Prague .
His assistant , Hermann Dorn , liv ing in Hanspaulka - Dejvice , masqueraded as the representative of the Muenchner Illustrierte Zeitung .
Some aspects of the Nazi espionage and propaganda machine in Czechoslovakia hold especial interest for American immigra tion authorities since into the United States , too , comes a steady flow of the shadowy members of the Nazis Fifth Column .
It is well to know that the letters and numbers at the top of pass ports inform German diplomatic representatives the world over that the bearer usually is a Gestapo agent .
Whenever American immigration authorities find German passports with letters and numbers at the top , they may be reasonably sure that the bearer is an agent .
These numbers are placed on passports by Gestapo headquarters in Berlin or Dresden .
The agent s photograph and a sample of his ( or her ) handwriting is sent via the diplomatic pouch to the Nazi Embassy , Legation , Consulate or German Bund in the country or city to which the agent is assigned .
When the agent reports in a foreign city , the resident Gestapo chief , in order to identify him , checks the passport s top number with the picture and the handwriting received by diplomatic pouch .
Rudolf Walter Voigt , alias Walter Clas , alias Heinz Leonhard , alias Herbert Frank names which he used throughout Europe in his espionage work will serve as an illustration .
Voigt was sent to Prague on a delicate mission .
His job was to discover how Czechs got to Spain to fight in the International Brigade , a mystery in Berlin since such Czechs had to cross Italy , Germany or other fascist countries which cooperate with the Gestapo .
Voigt was given passport No. 1,128,236 made out in the name of Walter Clas , and bearing at the top of the passport the letters CZECHOSLOVAKIA BEFORE THE CARVING 15 and numbers i A 1444 .
He was instructed , by Leader Wilhelm May of Dresden , to report to the Henlein Party headquarters upon his arrival in Prague .
Clas , alias Voigt , arrived October 23 , 1937 , reported at the Sudeten Party headquarters and saw a man whom I was unable to identify .
He was instructed to report again four days later , since information about the agent had not yet arrived .
Voigt was trained in the Gestapo espionage schools in Potsdam and Calmuth - Remagen .
He operates directly under Wilhelm May whose headquarters are in Dresden .
May is in charge of Ges tapo work over Sector No. 2 .
Preceding the granting to Hitler of the Sudeten areas in Czechoslovakia , the entire Czech border espionage and terrorist activity was divided into sectors .
At this writing the same sector divisions still exist , operating now across the new frontiers .
Sector No. i embraces Silesia with headquar ters at Breslau ; No. 2 , Saxony , with headquarters at Dresden ; and No. 3 , Bavaria , with headquarters at Munich .
After the an nexation of Austria , Sector No. 4 was added , commanded by Gestapo Chief Scheffler whose headquarters are in Berlin with a branch in Vienna .
Sector No. 4 also directs Standarte II which stands ready to provide incidents to justify German invasion " because the situation has got out of control of the local authorities . "
Another way in which immigration authorities , especially in of antries surrounding Germany , can detect Gestapo agents is by the position of stamps on the German passport .
Stamps are placed , in accordance with German law , directly under the spot provided for them on the passport on the front page , upper right hand corner .
Whenever the stamps are on the cover facing the pass port title page , it is a sign to Gestapo representatives and Con sulates that the bearer is an agent who crossed the border hur riedly without time to get the regular numbers and letters from 16 SECRET ARMIES Gestapo headquarters .
The agent is given this means of tempo rary identification by the border Gestapo chief .
Also , whenever immigration authorities find a German pass port issued to the bearer for less than five years and then ex tended to the regulation five - year period , they may be certain that the bearer is a new Gestapo agent who is being tested by controlled movements in a foreign country .
For his first Gestapo mission in Holland , for instance , Voigt was given a passport August 15 , 1936 , good for only fourteen days .
His chief was not sure whether or not Voigt had agreed to become an agent just to get a passport and money to escape the country ; so his passport period was limited .
When the fourteen - day period expired , Voigt would have to report to the Nazi Consulate for a renewal .
In this particular instance , the passport was marked " Non-renewable Except by Special Permission of the Chief of Dresden Police . "
When Voigt performed his Holland mission successfully , he was given the usual five - year passport .
Any German whose passport shows a given limited time , which has been subsequently extended , gives proof that he has been tested and found satisfactory by the Gestapo .
II England s Cliveden Set THE WORK OF FOREIGN AGENTS does not necessarily involve the securing of military and naval secrets .
Information of all kinds is important to an aggressor planning an invasion or esti mating a potential enemy s strength and morale ; and often a diplomatic secret is worth far more than the choicest blueprint of a carefully guarded military device .
There are persons whom money , social position , political prom ises or glory cannot interest in following a policy of benefit to a foreign power .
In such instances , however , protection of class interests sometimes drives them to acts which can scarcely be dis tinguished from those of paid foreign agents .
This is especially true of those whose financial interests are on an international scale and who consequently think internationally .
Such class interests were involved in the betrayal of Austria to the Nazis only a few months before aggressor nations were invited to cut themselves a slice of Czechoslovakia ; and it will probably never be known just how much the Nazis Fifth Col umn , working in dinner jackets and evening gowns , influenced the powerful personages involved to chart a course which sacri ficed a nation and a people and which foretold the Munich " peace " pact .
The story begins when Neville Chamberlain , Prime Minister of England , accepted an invitation to spend the week - end of 17 18 SECRET ARMIES March 26 - 27 , 1938 , at Cliveden , Lord and Lady Astor s country estate at Taplow , Buckinghamshire , in the beautiful Thames Valley .
When the Prime Minister and his wife arrived at the huge Georgian house rising out of a fairyland of gardens and forests with the placid river for a background , the other guests who had already arrived and their hosts were under the horse shoe stone staircase to receive them .
The small but carefully selected group of guests had been in vited " to play charades " over the week - end a game in which the participants form opposing sides and act a certain part while the opponents try to guess what they are portraying .
Every man invited held a strategic position in the British government , and it was during this " charades party " week - end that they secretly charted a course of British policy which will affect not only the fate of the British Empire but the course of world events and the lives of countless millions of people for years to come .
This course , which indirectly menaces the peace and security of the United States , deliberately launched England on a series of maneuvers which made Hitler stronger and will inevitably lead Great Britain on the road to fascism .
The British Parlia ment and the British people do not know of these decisions , some of which the Chamberlain government has already car ried out .
And without a knowledge of what happened during the talks in those historic two days and what preceded them , the world can only puzzle over an almost incomprehensible British foreign policy .
Present at this week - end gathering , besides the As tors and the Prime Minister and his wife , were the following : Sir Thomas Inskip , Minister for Defense .
Sir Alexander Cadogan , who replaced Sir Robert Vansittart as adviser to the British Cabinet and who acts in a supervisory ENGLAND S CLIVEDEN SET 19 capacity over the extraordinarily powerful British Intelligence Service .
Geoffrey Dawson , editor of the London Times .
Lord Lothian , Governor of the National Bank of Scotland , a determined advocate of refusing arms to the Spanish democratic government while Hitler and Mussolini supplied Franco with them .
Tom Jones , adviser to former Premier Baldwin .
The Right Honorable E. A. Fitzroy , Speaker of the House of Commons .
The Baroness Mary Ravensdale , sister - in - law of Sir Oswald Mosley , leader of the British fascist movement .
To understand the amazing game played by the Cliveden house guests , in which nations and peoples have already been shuffled about as pawns , one must remember that powerful Ger man industrialists and financiers like the Krupps and the Thys - sens supported Hitler primarily in order to crush the German trade - union and political movements which were in the late igao s threatening their wealth and power .
The Astors are part of the same family in the United States .
Lady Nancy Astor , born in Virginia , married into one of the richest families in England .
Her interests and the interests of Viscount Astor , her husband , stretch into banking , railroads , life insurance and journalism .
Half a dozen members of the family are in Parliament : Lady Astor , her husband , their son , in the House of Commons ; and two relatives in the House of Lords .
The Astor family controls two of the most powerful and influential news papers in the world , the London Times and the London Ob server .
In the past these papers , whose influence cannot be ex aggerated , have been strong enough to make and break Prime Ministers .
Cliveden House , ruled by the intensely energetic and ambitious American - born woman , had already left its mark upon current 20 SECRET ARMIES history following other week - end parties .
Lady Astor and her coterie had been playing a more or less minor role in the affairs of the largest empire in the world , but decisions recently reached at her week - end parties have already changed the map of Europe , after almost incredible intrigues , betrayals and double - crossings , carried through with the ruthlessness of a conquering Caesar and the boundless ambitions of a Napoleon .
The week - ends at Cliveden House which culminated in the historic one of March 26 - 27 , began in the fall of 1937 .
Lady Astor had been having teas with Lady Ravensdale and had en tertained von Ribbentrop , Nazi Ambassador to Great Britain , at her town house .
Gradually the Astor - controlled London Times assumed a pro-Nazi bias on its very influential editorial page .
When the Times wants to launch a campaign , its custom is to run a series of letters in its famous correspondence columns and then an editorial advocating the policy decided upon .
During October , 1937 , tne Times sprouted letters regarding Hitler s claims for the return of the colonies taken from Germany after the war .
Rather than have Germany attack her , England preferred to see Hitler turn his eyes to the fertile Ukrainian wheat fields of the Soviet Union .
It meant war , but that war seemed inevitable .
If Russia won , England and her economic royalists would be faced with " the menace of communism . "
But if Germany won , she would expand eastward and , exhausted by the war , would be in no condition to make demands upon England .
The part Great Britain s economic royalists had to play , then , was to strengthen Germany in her preparations for the coming war with Russia and at the same time prepare herself to fight if her calculations went wrong .
Cabinet ministers Lord Hailsham ( sugar and insurance inter ests ) , Lord Swinton ( railroads , power , with subsidiaries in Ger many , Italy , etc. ) , Sir Samuel Hoare ( real estate , insurance , etc. ) , ENGLAND S CLIVEDEN SET 21 were felt out and thought it was a good idea .
Chamberlain himself had a hefty interest ( around twelve thousand shares ) in Imperial Chemical Industries , affiliated with /. G. Farbenindus - trie , the German dye trust which is very actively supplying Hitler with war materials .
The difficulty was Anthony Eden , British Foreign Minister , who was opposed to fascist aggressions because he feared they would eventually threaten the British Empire .
Eden would certainly not approve of strengthening fascist coun tries and encouraging them to still greater aggressions .
At one of the carefully selected little parties the Astors invited Eden .
In the small drawing room banked with flowers the idea was broached about sending an emissary to talk the matter over with Hitler some genial , inoffensive person like Lord Halifax ( huge land interests ) for instance .
Eden understood why the Times had suddenly raised the issue of the lost German colonies to an extent greater even than Hitler himself , and Eden em phatically expressed his disapproval .
Such a step , he insisted , would encourage both Germany and Italy to further aggressions which would ultimately wreck the British Empire .
Nevertheless , the cabinet ministers who had been consulted brought pressure upon Chamberlain and while the Foreign Sec retary was in Brussels on a state matter , the Prime Minister announced that Halifax would visit the Ftihrer .
Eden was furi ous and after a stormy session tendered his resignation .
At that period , however , Eden s resignation might have thrown England into a turmoil so Chamberlain mollified him .
Public sympathy was with Eden and before he was eased out , the country had to be prepared for it .
In the quiet and subdued atmosphere of the diplomats draw ing rooms in London they tell , with many a chuckle , how Lord Halifax , his bowler firmly on his head , was sent to Berlin and Berchtesgaden in mid-November , 1937 , with instructions not to get into any arguments .
Lord Halifax , in the mellow judgment 22 SECRET ARMIES of his close friends , is one of the most amiable and charming of the British peers , earnest , well meaning and not particularly bright .
In Berlin Halifax met Goering , attired for the occasion in a new and bewilderingly gaudy uniform .
In the course of their conversation Goering , resting his hands on his enormous paunch , said : " The world can not stand still .
World conditions cannot be frozen just as they are forever .
The world is subject to change / " Of course not , " Lord Halifax agreed amiably .
" It s absurd to think that anything can be frozen and no changes made . "
" Germany cannot stand still , " Goering continued .
" Germany must expand .
She must have Austria , Czechoslovakia and other countries she must have oil "
Now this was a point for argument but the Messenger Ex traordinary had been instructed not to get into any arguments ; so he nodded and in his best pacifying tone murmured , " Natur ally .
No one expects Germany to stand still if she must expand . "
After Austria was invaded and Halifax was asked by his close friends what he had cooked up over there , he told the above story , expressing the fear that his conversation was probably misunderstood by Goering , the latter taking his amiability to mean that Great Britain approved Germany s plans to swallow Austria .
The French Intelligence Service , however , has a different version , most of it collected during February , 1938 , which , in the light of subsequent events , seems far more accurate .
Lord Halifax , these secret - service reports state , pledged Eng land to a hands - off policy on Hitler s ambitions in Central Europe if Germany would not raise the question of the return of the colonies for six years .
Within that period England esti mated that Hitler would have expanded , strengthened his war machine and fought the Soviet Union to a victorious conclusion .
Late in January 1938 , Lord and Lady As tor invited some ENGLAND S CLIVEDEN SET 23 guests for a week - end at Cliveden .
The Prime Minister of Eng land came and so did Lord Halifax , Lord Lothian , Tom Jones and J. L. Garvin , editor of the Astor - controlled London Observer .
When Chamberlain returned to London , he asked Eden to open negotiations with Italy to secure a promise to stop killing British sailors and sinking British merchant vessels in the Mediterranean .
During this time the British Foreign Office was issuing statements that Mussolini was " cooperating " in the hunt for the " unidenti fied " pirates .
British opinion , roused by the sinking of English ships , might hamper deals with the fascist leaders if such attacks were not ended .
In return for the cessation of the piratical attacks , Cham berlain was ready to offer recognition of Abyssinia and even loans to Italy to develop her captured territory .
It was paying tribute to a pirate chieftain , but Chamberlain was ready to do it to quiet opposition at home to the sinking of British vessels and to give him time in which to develop his policy .
Eden , who had fought for sanctions against the aggressor when Abyssinia was invaded , obeyed orders but insisted that Italy must first get her soldiers out of Spain .
He did not want Mussolini to get a stranglehold upon Gibraltar , one of the strategic life lines of the British Empire .
Mussolini refused and told the British Ambassador in Rome that he and Great Britain would never to able to get together because Eden insisted on the with drawal of Italian troops from Spain , and that it might help if a different Foreign Secretary were appointed .
Hitler , working closely with Mussolini in the Rome - Berlin axis , also began to press for a different Foreign Secretary but went Mussolini one better .
Von Ribbentrop informed Chamberlain that Der Fiihrer was displeased with the English press attacks upon him , Nazis and Nazi aggressions .
Der Fiihrer wanted that stopped .
The Foreign Office of the once proud and still biggest empire in the world promptly sent notes to the newspapers in Fleet 24 SECRET ARMIES Street requesting that stories about Nazis and Hitler be toned down " to aid the government , " and most of the once proud and independent British newspapers established a " voluntary cen sorship " at what amounted to an order from Hitler relayed through England s Foreign Office .
The explanation the news papers gave to their staffs was that the world situation was too critical to refuse the government s request and , besides that refusal would probably mean losing routine Foreign Office and other government department news sources .
The more than average British citizen doesn t know even today how his govern ment and " independent " press took orders from Hitler .
In the latter part of January , 1938 , the French Intelligence Service , still not knowing of the secret deal Halifax had made , learned that Hitler intended to invade Austria late in February and that simultaneously both Italy and Germany , instead of withdrawing troops as they had said they would , planned to intensify their offensive in Spain .
When the French Intelligence learned of it , M. Delbos , then French Foreign Minister , and Eden were in Geneva attending a meeting of the Council of the League .
Delbos excitedly informed Eden who , never dreaming that Great Britain had not only agreed to sacrifice Austria and betray France but was also double - crossing her own Foreign Minister , telephoned Chamberlain from Geneva .
The Prime Minister listened attentively , thanked him dryly , hung up , and promptly telephoned Sir Eric Phipps , British Am bassador to France .
Sir Eric was instructed to get hold of M. Chautemps , the French Premier at the time , and ask that Chau- temps instruct Delbos to stop frightening the British Foreign Secretary .
But all during February the French Intelligence kept getting more information about the planned invasion of Austria and the proposed intensified offensive in Spain , and relayed it to England with insistent suggestions for joint precautions .
Eden in turn relayed it to Chamberlain who always thanked him .
ENGLAND S CLIVEDEN SET 25
The date set for the invasion was approaching but Eden was still in office and Hitler began to fear that perhaps " perfidious Albion " with all her overtures of friendship might really be double - crossing Germany .
If England could send a special emis sary to offer to sell out Austria and double - cross her ally France , she might be quite capable of tricking Germany .
Simultaneously the Gestapo stumbled upon information that the British Intel ligence had reached into the top ranks of the German Army and was working with high officers .
Hitler , not knowing how far the British Intelligence had penetrated , shook up his cabinet , made Ribbentrop Secretary for Foreign Affairs , and prepared for war in the event that England was leading him into a trap .
There are records in the British Foreign Office which show that Hitler , before invading Austria , tested England to be sure he wasn t being led into a trap .
Von Ribbentrop informed Eden and Chamberlain that Hitler intended to summon Schuschnigg , the Austrian Chancellor , and demand that Austria rearrange her cabinet , take in Dr. Seyss - Inquart and release imprisoned Nazis .
Hitler knew that Schuschnigg would immediately rush to Eng land and France for aid .
If they turned Austria down it was safe to proceed with the invasion .
The British Foreign Office records show that Schuschnigg did rush to England and France for support , that France was ready to give it , but that England refused , thereby forcing France to keep out of it .
While these frantic maneuvers were going on , the Astor - con - trolled Times and Observer , the Nazi and the Italian press simul taneously started a campaign against Eden .
The date set for the sacrifice of Austria was approaching and Eden had to go or it might fail .
The public , however , was with Eden ; so another kind of attack was launched .
Stories began to appear about the For eign Secretary s health .
There were sighs , long faces , sad regrets , but Eden stuck to his post in the hope that he could do some - 26 SECRET ARMIES thing .
On February 19 , Hitler , tired of waiting , bluntly de manded that he be removed , and with the newspaper campaign in full swing , Chamberlain " in response to public opinion " removed him the very next day .
The amiable Lord Halifax was appointed Foreign Secretary .
Pro-fascists like A. L. Lennon - Boyd , stanch supporter of Franco and admirer of Hitler and Mussolini , were given ministerial posts .
The Austrian invasion was delayed for three weeks because of the difficulty in getting Eden out .
When the news flashed to a startled world that Nazi troops were thundering into a country whose independence Hitler had promised to respect , M. Corbin , the still unsuspecting French Ambassador , rushed to the Foreign Office to arrange for swift joint action .
This was at four o clock in the afternoon of March 11 , 1938 .
Instead of receiving him immediately , Lord Halifax kept him waiting until nine o clock in the evening .
By that time Austria was Nazi territory .
There was nothing to do but protest ; so Lord Halifax , with a straight face , joined France in a " strong protest . "
It was not until a week after Austria had been absorbed that the French Intelli gence Service learned the details of the Halifax deal and finally understood why England had side - stepped the pleas for joint action and why the French Ambassador had been kept cooling his heels until the occupation of Austria was completed .
From Austria
Hitler got more men for his army , large deposits of magnesite , timber forests and enormous water - power resources for electricity .
From Czechoslovakia , if he could get it , Hitler would have the Skoda armament works , one of the biggest in the world , factories in the Sudeten area , be next door to Hun garian wheat and Rumanian oil , dominate the Balkans , destroy potential Russian air and troop bases in Central Europe , and place Nazi troops within a few miles of the Soviet border and the Ukrainian wheat fields he has eyed so long .
ENGLAND S CLIVEDEN SET 27 Five days after Austria was invaded , on March 16 , at 3:30 in the afternoon , Lord Halifax personally summoned the Czecho - slovakian Minister .
At four o clock the Minister came out of the conference with a dazed and bewildered air .
Lord Halifax had made some " suggestions . "
Revealing complete ignorance of what had happened and was happening in Czechoslovakian politics , Halifax was nevertheless laying down the law .
It was obvious that the British Foreign Secretary was getting orders from someone else , for Halifax suggested that the Central European Republic try to conciliate Germany ( which it had been doing for months ) and that a German be taken into the cabinet ( there were already three in it ) .
On March 22 there was another meeting at which the Minister learned that Halifax wanted the Czech Government to take a Nazi into the cabinet as Austria took Dr. Seyss - Inquart at Hitler s orders .
This pressure from England for Czechoslovakian Nazis to be given more power in the government was virtually telling the beleaguered little democracy to fashion a strong rope and hang itself .
Subsequent events showed that Chamberlain personally supplied the rope .
Then came the historic week - end of March 26 - 27 , 1938 .
The walls of the small drawing room at - Cliveden House are lined with shelves filled with books .
The laughing and chatting guests had gathered there after a delightful dinner .
For the Prime Minister of England to go through all sorts of contortions in a game of charades might prove a trifle undignified ; so the hostess suggested that they play " musical chairs . "
Everyone thought it was a splendid idea and men servants in their impressive blue liveries arranged the chairs in the required order , carefully spacing the distances between them .
One of the laughing and bejeweled women took her place at the piano .
In " musical chairs " there is one person more than the number of chairs .
When the music starts the players march around the 28 SECRET ARMIES chairs .
The moment the music stops everyone dives for the near est chair leaving the extra person standing and subject to the hil arious jibes of the other players and those rooting from the bleachers .
It s one of the ways statesmen relax .
The music started and the dour Prime Minister of the greatest empire in the world , the Minister in charge of the Empire s de fense measures , the editor of England s most powerful newspaper , the Right Honorable Speaker of the House of Commons , the sister - in - law of England s leading fascist and several others started marching while the piano tinkled its challenging tune .
The Prime Minister , perhaps because he is essentially conservative , marched cautiously and stepped quickly between the spaces while Lady Astor eyed him shrewdly and the others suppressed giggles .
The Prime Minister tried to maintain at least the dignity of his bank ing background but managed " to look only a little porky " as one expressed it afterward .
Suddenly the music stopped .
Every one lunged for the nearest chair .
The Prime Minister managed to get one and plopped into it heavily .
After half an hour or so some of the strategic rulers of Great Britain got a little winded and quit .
A conversation started on foreign affairs and most of the wives retired to another room .
When the discussion was ended the little Cliveden house party had come to six major decisions which will change the face of the world if successfully carried through .
Those decisions ( maneuvers to put some of them into effect have already begun ) are : 1 . To inform France that England will go to her aid if she is attacked , unless the attack results from a treaty obligation with another power .
2 . To introduce peace time conscription in England .
3 . To appoint three ministers to coordinate industrial defense ( conscription in peace time ) ; supervise military conscription ; and , ENGLAND S CLIVEDEN SET 29 coordinate the " political education of the people " ( propaganda ) .
4 . To reach an agreement with Italy to preserve the legitimate interest of both countries in the Mediterranean .
5 . To discuss mutual problems with Germany .
6 . To express the hope to Germany that her methods of self - assertion be such as will not hinder mutual discussions by arous ing British public opinion against her .
The two most important decisions in this plan are the one for the conscription of labor in peace time and the effort to force France to break the Franco - Soviet pact by choosing between Eng land and Russia .
Consider conscription first and the motives behind it :
When any country whose workers are strongly organized starts veering towards fascism , it must either win over the trade - unions in one way or another or destroy them , for rebellious labor can prevent fascism by means of the general strike .
British labor is known to hate fascism since it has learned that fascism destroys , among other things , the value of the trade - unions and all that they have gained after many years of struggle .
Any veering by England toward fascism and fascist alliances spells trouble with the trade - unions ; hence , the decision " to coordinate the political education of the people . "
This move is particularly necessary since some trade - union leaders , especially in the important arma ment industry , have already stated publicly that unless the work ers were given assurances that the arms labor was manufacturing would be used in defense of democracy and not to destroy it , they would not cooperate .
Hence " the education of the people " and the conscription of labor in peace time which would ultimately lead to government control over the unions .
With some variations it is the same procedure followed by Hitler in getting control of the once extremely powerful German trade - unions .
A few days after this historic week - end , the Times came out SO SECRET ARMIES for " national organization " and the wisdom of " national regis tration . "
National registration , as the history of fascist countries has shown , is the first step in the conscription of labor .
With this opening gun having been fired , it is a safe prophecy that if the Chamberlain government remains in office British labor will witness one of the most determined attacks ever made upon it in its history .
All indications point to the ground being laid and it may result in splitting the trade - union movement , for some of the leaders are willing to go with the government while others have already indicated that they will refuse unless they know that it s for democracy and not for fascism .
The second important decision is to exert pressure upon France to break her pact with the Soviet Union something Hitler has been unsuccessfully trying to accomplish for a long time .
At the moment it appears that Great Britain will succeed just as she has already succeeded in breaking the Czechoslovakian - Soviet pact another rupture Hitler was determined upon .
England has a reputation for shrewd diplomacy .
In the past she has used nations and peoples , played one against the other , betrayed , sacrificed , double - crossed in the march of her empire .
Since the Cliveden week - end , however , with its resultant in trigues , England has , to all appearances , finally double - crossed herself .
Those who guide her destiny and the destinies of her millions of subjects have apparently come to the conclusion that democ racy , as England has known it , cannot survive and that it is a choice between fascism and communism .
Under communism , the ruling class to which the Cliveden week - end guests belong , stand to lose their wealth and power .
It is the fatuous hope of the economic royalists that under fascism they will still sit on top of the roost , and so the Cliveden week - enders move toward fascism .
Hitler s Fifth Column finds strange allies .
Ill France s Secret Fascist Army NEITHER HITLER nor Mussolini could have foreseen the devel opment of a Cliveden set or England s willingness to weaken her own position as the dominant European power by sacrificing Austria and a good portion of Czechoslovakia .
The totalitarian powers proceeded on the assumption that when the struggle for control of central Europe , the Balkans and the Mediterranean came they would have to fight .
The Rome - Berlin axis reasoned logically that if , when the ex pected war broke out , France could be disrupted by a wide spread internal rebellion , not only would she be weakened on the battlefield but fascism might even be victorious in the Re public .
In preparation for this , the axis sent into France secret agents plentifully supplied with money and arms , and almost succeeded in one of the most amazing plots in history .
The opening scene of events which led directly to the discovery of how far the foreign secret agents had progressed took place in the Restaurant Drouant on the Place Gaillon which is frequented by leaders of Paris financial , industrial and cultural life .
Precisely at noon , on September 10 , 1937 , Jacqueline Blondet , an eighteen - year - old stenographer with marcelled hair , sparkling eyes , and heavily rouged lips , passed through the rotating doors of the famous restaurant and turned right as she had been in - 31 32 SECRET ARMIES structed .
She had never been in so luxurious a place before - dining rooms done in gray or brown marble with furniture to match .
Two steps lead from the gray to the brown room and Mile .
Blondet , not noticing them in her excitement , slipped and would have fallen had not the old wine steward who looks like Charles Dickens , caught and steadied her .
The two men with whom she was lunching were at a table at the far corner of the deserted room .
The one who had invited her , Francois Metenier , a well - known French engineer and in dustrialist , powerfully built , with sharp eyes , dark hair , and a suave self - assured manner , rose at her approach , smiling at her embarrassment .
The other man , considerably younger , was M. Locuty , a stocky , bushy haired man with square jaws and heavy tortoise - shell eyeglasses .
He was an engineer at the huge Miche - lin Tire Works at Clermont - Ferrand where Metenier was an im portant official .
The industrialist introduced the girl merely as " my friend " without mentioning her name .
With the exception of two couples having a late breakfast in the gray marble room , which they could see from their table , the three were alone .
" Shall we have a bottle of Bordeaux ? " asked Metenier .
" I or dered lunch by phone but I thought I would await your presence on the wine . "
" Oh , anything you order , " said Locuty with an effort at casual - ness .
" Yes , you order the wine , " said the stenographer .
" Garfon , a bottle of St. Julien , Chateau Leoville - Poyferre 1870 . "
The ghost of Charles Dickens , who had been hovering nearby , bowed and smiled with appreciation of the guest s knowledge of a rare fine wine and personally rushed off to the cellars for the Bordeaux .
When the early lunch was over and the brandy had been set FRANCE S SECRET FASCIST ARMY 33 before them , Metenier studied his glass thoughtfully and glanced at the two portly men who had entered the brown dining room and sat some tables away .
From the snatches of conversation the three gathered that one was a literary critic and the other a publisher .
They were discussing a thrilling detective story just published which the critic insisted was too fantastic .
Metenier said to Locuty : " You will have to make two bombs .
I will take you to a very important man in our organization , a power in France .
He will personally give you the material and show you how to make them .
Then I will take you to the places where you will leave them .
I do not want them to see me . "
In low tones , they discussed the bombing of two places .
Me tenier , a pillar of the church , highly respected in his community and well - known throughout France , cautioned them as they left .
Why the vivacious blond stenographer was permitted to sit in on this conversation , Locuty did not know , unless it was to tempt him , for , as she bade him good - by , she squeezed his hand sig nificantly and said she wanted to see him again .
Metenier drove Locuty to an office building where he intro duced him to a man he called " Leon " actually Alfred Macon , concierge of a building which Metenier and others used as head quarters for their activities .
Within a few moments the door of an adjacent room opened and Jean Adolphe Moreau de la Meuse , aristocrat and leading French industrialist , came in .
He had a monocle in his right eye which he kept adjusting nervously .
His face was deeply marked and lined with heavy bluish pouches under the eyes .
With a swift glance he sized up Locuty as Metenier rose .
" This is the gentleman whom I mentioned , " he said .
" He understands his mission ? " De la Meuse asked .
" Yes , " said Locuty .
" You will teach me how to make them ? "
De la Meuse nodded .
" It will be a time bomb which must 34 SECRET ARMIES be set for ten o clock tomorrow night .
There will be nobody in the building at that time , so no one will be hurt . "
An hour later Locuty , who had made both bombs and set the timing devices , wrapped them into two neat packages .
Metenier took him to the General Confederation of French Employers Building in the Rue de Presbourg .
In accordance with instruc tions he left one of the packages with the concierge , after which Metenier took him to the Ironmasters Association headquarters on the Rue Boissiere , where Locuty left the second package .
On the evening of September 11 , the General Confederation of French Employers was scheduled to hold a meeting in their building .
This meeting was postponed ; and , as De la Meuse had assured the Michelin engineer , the concierges and their wives , contrary to custom , were not in their buildings that evening .
At ten o clock , both bombs exploded .
The plans had gone off as arranged except for an accident , the investigation of which made public the whole amazing conspiracy .
Two French gen darmes standing near one of the buildings were killed .
Immediately after the bombs exploded , the Employers Con federation and the Ironmasters Association issued statements charging the Communists and the Popular Front with being responsible for the outrages and accusing them of planning a reign of terror to seize control of France .
The accusations left a profound effect upon the French people despite the Communists assertions that they never countenance terrorism .
The Surete Nationale , the French Scotland Yard , opened an intensive in vestigation which was spurred on by the deaths of the unfortunate gendarmes .
It was not long before the French people heard of the almost incredibly fantastic plot to destroy the Popular Front and establish fascism in France a plot directed by leading French industrialists and high army officers cooperating with secret agents of the German and Italian Governments .
The ramifications of the plot are so packed with dynamite in FRANCE S SECRET FASCIST ARMY 35 the national and international arena that the French government , under pressure from England as well as from some of its own industrialists , government officials and army officers , has clamped the lid down on further disclosures lest continued publicity seri ously affect the delicate balance of international relations .
It was obvious from what the police uncovered that it had taken several years to organize the gigantic conspiracy .
Within the teeming city of Paris itself , steel and concrete fortresses had been secretly built .
Other cities throughout France were similarly ringed in strategic places .
Every one of these secret fortresses was stocked with arms and munitions , and throughout the country , once the confessions began , the police found thousands upon thousands of rifles and pistols , millions of cartridges , hundreds of machine guns and sub-machine guns .
The fortresses them selves were fitted with secret radio and telephone stations for communication among themselves .
Code books and evidence of arms - running from Germany and Italy were found .
A vast es pionage network and a series of murders were traced to this secret organization whose official name is the " Secret Committee for Revolutionary Action . "
At their meetings they wore hoods to conceal their identity from one another , like the Black Legion in the United States , and the press promptly named them the " Cagoulards " ( " Hooded Ones " ) .
Just how many members the Cagoulards actually have is un known except to its Supreme Council and probably to the Ger man and Italian Intelligence Divisions .
Lists of names totaling eighteen thousand men were turned up by the Surete Nationale , and the hundreds of steel and concrete fortresses and the arms found in them point to a membership of at least 100,000 .
The way the fortresses were built and their strategic locations ( blow ing down the walls of the buildings where the fortresses were hidden would have given them command of streets , squares and 36 SECRET ARMIES government buildings ) indicate supervision by high military officials .
When contractors buy enormous quantities of cement for dug outs , when butchers and bakers lorries rattle over ancient cob blestones with enormous loads of arms smuggled across German and Italian borders , when thousands of people are drilled and trained in pistol , rifle and machine - gun practice , it is impossible that the competent French Intelligence Service and the Surete Nationale should not get wind of it .
As far back as September , 1936 , the Surete Nationale knew that some leading French industrialists with the cooperation of the German and Italian Governments were building a military fascist organization within France .
Nevertheless it quietly per mitted fortresses to be built and stocked with munitions .
The General Staff of the French Army , from reports of Intelligence men in Germany and Italy , knew that those countries were smuggling arms into France , but they permitted it to go on .
The General Staff knew that some eight hundred concrete fortresses were being built under the supervision of M. Anceaux , a build ing contractor of Dieppe , and that skilled members of the Secret Committee for Revolutionary Action had been recruited for the building and sworn to secrecy under penalty of death .
They knew that these fortresses were equipped with sending and re ceiving radios , knew that some were within the shadow of mili tary centers , knew that the Cagoulards had a far - flung espionage system .
But the French General Staff made no effort to stop it .
The Popular Front Government was in power at the time , and heads of the Supreme War Council apparently preferred a fascist France to a democratic one .
In fact , officers and reserve officers of the French Army cooperated with secret agents of their traditional enemy , Germany , to build up this formidable secret army .
The investigating authorities , stunned by their discoveries and FRANCE S SECRET FASCIST ARMY 37 the high officials and individuals to whom their investigations led , either did not dare go further with it , or , if they did , sup pressed the information .
Some of it , however , came out .
At the top of the Cagoulards is a Supreme War Council or General Staff whose members have not been disclosed .
Working with them are several other organizations , all with innocent names , as for example the " Society of Studies for French Re generation . "
The Cagoulards activities are divided into broad general lines , each directed by an individual in complete com mand and embracing : Buying war materials within France and smuggling war ma terials into the country from Germany , Italy and Insurgent Spain , along with the simultaneous weaving of an espionage network under Nazi and fascist direction and leadership .
Building concrete fortresses at strategic centers and storing smuggled arms in them .
Military training of secretly organized troops .
Getting the money to carry on these extensive activities .
Extreme care was , and still is , taken to conceal the identities of the ordinary members and especially the leaders .
For instance , one of the leaders known to his subordinates as " Fontaine " is in reality Georges Cachier , director of a large company in Paris and chief of the Cagoulards " Third Bureau , " which is in charge of military movements .
Cachier is an Officer of the French Le gion of Honor and a reserve Lieutenant - Colonel in the French Army .
The Cagoulards are still very active .
Members are being re cruited with leaders pointing out to the fearful ones that there is nothing to worry about almost all of those arrested in the early days of the investigation are free , out on bail or kept in a " gentleman s confinement " where they can do virtually as they please .
" Our power is great , " new members are told .
As is customary in secret terrorist societies , the members are 38 SECRET ARMIES sworn to silence with death as the penalty for indiscretion .
The penalty when it is employed is usually administered in American gangster fashion .
Each member is allotted to a " cell , " the basic unit of the military organization , and assigned to a secretly for tified post for training .
One of these posts discovered by the Surete Nationale was in an old boarding house run by two ancient spinsters with equally ancient guests who spent their time in rockers , knitting and reading and not dreaming that underneath the porch on which they sat so tranquilly was a for tress with enough explosives to blow the whole street to smith ereens .
Into this particular fortification , the cell members would steal one by one after the old maids had retired , entering by a concealed door three feet thick and electrically operated .
There are two different kinds of cells in the Cagoulards , " heavy " and " light " ones .
They differ in the number of men and the quantity of armaments assigned to them .
The " light " cell has eight men equipped with army rifles , automatics , hand grenades , and one sub - machine gun ; the " heavy " one has twelve men simi larly armed but with a machine gun instead of a sub- machine gun .
Three cells form a unit , three units a battalion , three bat talions a regiment , two regiments a brigade and two brigades a division of two thousand men .
The battalions ( one hundred and fifty men ) are subdivided into squads of fifty to sixty men with ten to twelve cars at their disposal for quick movement throughout the city .
These automobile squads are given intensive training .
Members are not required to pay dues , for enough money comes in from industrialists and the German and Italian Govern ments to eliminate the need of collecting money from members for operating expenses .
Every effort is made to function without written communications .
No membership cards are issued .
No tices of meetings , drill and rifle practice are issued verbally , and FRANCE S SECRET FASCIST ARMY 39 so far as the mass membership is concerned , nothing in writing is placed in their hands .
A twenty - page handbook with instructions on street fighting was issued to group commanders and , lest a copy fall into wrong hands and betray the organization , it was boldly entitled : Secret Rules of the Communist Party .
The instructions are specific and are based upon the insurrectionary tactics issued to the Nazi Storm Troopers .
They fall into six sections : General Remarks ; Group Fighting ; Section Fighting ; Choice of Terrain ; Commis sariat ; and Policing Groups .
One or two excerpts from these instructions for street fighting follow : " The particular force for street fighting is infantry , provided with automatic weapons and hand grenades .
Members of the detachments should be instructed that automatic weapons must always be used in preference .
Essential arms are : sub-machine guns , rifles including hunting rifles , hand grenades , revolvers , petards . "
( Petards are small bombs used for blowing in doors . )
With regard to " mopping up " in houses , the instructions state : " If the door is barricaded , it must be opened with tools or explosives .
If it is a heavy door , break it in by driving a lorry at it .
Clean up basements and cellars by throwing bombs down through the air holes or other openings after your men have got into the house .
Only after these have exploded should the cellar doors be forced .
Then , when ascending the stairs , keep close to the walls while one of your men keeps firing straight up the shaft .
Mop up as you go down floor by floor .
If necessary , pierce holes in the ceilings and mop up by throwing down hand grenades . "
The chief of the Cagoulards espionage system is Dr. Jean Marie Martin , a bushy - haired stocky man with dark , somber eyes .
Dr. Martin usually travels with several false passports and with the utmost secrecy .
At the moment he is in Genoa where he 40 SECRET ARMIES went to meet Commendatore Boccalaro , Mussolini s personal representative in charge of smuggling arms into foreign countries .
The preparations by the Rome - Berlin axis point to plans for a fight to a finish between fascist and non-fascist countries .
A feeble or disrupted democracy will obviously strengthen the fascist powers in any coming struggle with anti-fascist powers .
Germany and Italy , faced on their own borders with a demo cratic France allied with the Soviet Union in a military defense pact , would face a powerful enemy in the event of war .
But if France were torn by a bloody civil war , she would be virtually unable even to defend her borders .
Consequently , it is essential for Germany and Italy to weaken and if possible destroy France s democracy .
France and Germany have been traditional enemies in their struggle for land containing raw materials needed by their in dustries to compete in the world markets .
But the growth of the French labor movement and the power of the Popular Front which threatened the control and the profits of French industrial ists and financiers , made them find more in common with fascist and Nazi industrialists than with French workers who menaced their economic and political control .
The result was that leading French industrialists were willing to cooperate with Nazi and fascist agents to destroy the Popular Front and establish fascism in France .
About half of the 200,000,000 francs , which it is es timated the fortresses and arms cost , was contributed by French industrialists .
The other half came from the German and Italian Governments .
Germany and Italy sent swarms of secret agents into France to supervise the building of the underground military machine and to carry on intensive espionage with the assistance of the French Army and Government officials who were members of the Hooded Ones .
The espionage service was organized by Baron de Potters , an old international spy who travels with two or more FRANCE S SECRET FASCIST ARMY 41 passports under the names of Farmer and Meihert .
De Potters gets his funds from the Nazis strongly guarded " Bureau III B , " established in Berne , Switzerland at 21 Gewerbestrasse .
" Bureau III B " is the official name of this branch of the Gestapo .
At the head of it is Boris Toedli whose activities include not only espionage but underground diplomatic intrigue and propaganda .
He works directly under Drs. Rosenberg and Goebbels .
Toedli supplies not only the Baron but other espionage directors with money and there is plenty of it at his disposal for quick emer gency uses .
The money is deposited in the Societe des Banques Suisses , account No. 60941 .
The head of the Italian espionage system directing the work in France and cooperating closely with the Nazis is Commenda - tore Boccalaro , head of the Italian Government s Arsenal in Genoa .
One of his specialties is the smuggling of arms into for eign countries .
Boccalaro s history shows that the not so fine Italian hand is interfering in the internal affairs of foreign governments .
As far back as 1928 , he secretly supplied carloads of arms from the Genoa Arsenal to Hungary , and in 1936 he supplied Yugoslavian terrorists with war materials in efforts to get those countries under Mussolini s sphere of influence .
Boccalaro , too , seems to have had reasons to suppress information in at least one case where the death penalty was inflicted upon a member of the Cagoulards .
Among the Hooded Ones who have been found with bullets or knives in them was an arms runner named Adolphe - Augustin Juif , who tried to charge the secret organization a little more than he should for smuggling guns and munitions into France .
When the organization threatened him , he advised it not to resort to threats because he knew a little too much .
On February 8 , 1937 , his bullet - riddled body was found in 42 SECRET ARMIES San Remo , Italy .
When Juif s wife , not hearing from him , sought information about his whereabouts , she wrote to Boccalaro , since she knew he was working with the Genoa director .
The Italian papers had announced the finding of his body ; nevertheless , on March 3 , Boccalaro wrote to the murdered man s widow : " Your husband , my dear friend , is carrying on a special and delicate mission ( perhaps in Spain or Germany ) and has special reasons of a delicate nature not to inform even his own family where he is at the present moment . "
Among the men whom Juif met before he was murdered was Eugene Deloncle , director of the Maritime and River Transport Mortgage Company and one of the most important industrialists in France .
Deloncle , a high official in the Cagoulards , used the name of " Grosset " in his conspiratorial activities .
The other man whom the murdered Juif met is General Edouard Arthur Du- seigneur , former Air Force chief and Military Adviser to the French Air Ministry .
The General is one of the military heads of the Cagoulards and frequently met with Baron de Potters .
The Surete Nationale , the French Intelligence Service , and the examining magistrate have documentary evidence that Germany and Italy were and are deliberately conspiring to throw France , as they did Spain , into a civil war .
Publication of these docu ments would have far - reaching effects , internally and externally .
Great Britain , however , planning to establish a four - cornered pact between England , France , Germany and Italy , brought pressure to bear upon France to suppress further disclosures about the Cagoulards .
To England s pressure was added that of leading French industrialists , financiers , government and army officials .
Gradually , news about the Cagoulards is dying out .
The real heads of the Hooded Ones either have not been named or , if arrested in the early days of the investigation , have been released on bail .
And recruiting for the underground army is still going on .
IV Dynamite Under Mexico MOST PEOPLE IN THE UNITED STATES feel secure from European or Asiatic aggression since wide oceans apparently separate us from the conquering ambitions of a Fuhrer or a Son of the Sun .
However , despite our desire to be left in peace , the Rome - Berlin axis , which Japan joined , has cast longing eyes upon the Western Hemisphere .
The Monroe Doctrine is of value only so long as aggressor nations feel we are too strong for them to violate it ; recent history has shown what pieces of paper are worth .
In the process of trying to get a foothold in the Americas , the Nazis have sent agents into all of the countries , but because most of the Central and South American republics are still resentful of past acts by the " Colossus of the North , " they offer the most fertile fields .
The two spots on the Western Hemisphere most vital to the United States are the Panama Canal Zone and Mexico the Zone because it is our trade and naval life line between the oceans and Mexico because potential enemies could find in it perfect military and naval bases .
Let us see what the totalitarian powers are doing in Mexico : On June 30 , 1937 , the S.S. " Panuco " of the New York and Cuba Mail Steamship Co. steamed into Tampico , Mexico , from 43 44 SECRET ARMIES New York with a mysterious cargo consigned to one Armeria Estrada .
As soon as she docked , the cargo was quickly trans ferred to the Atchison , Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad freight car No. 45169 , which was awaiting it .
A gentleman known around the freight yards as A. M. Cabezut , arranged for the car to leave immediately for the state of San Luis Potosi in the heart of Mexico .
There was no record on the bill of lading to show that the shipper was the Winchester Repeating Arms Company of New Haven , Conn. , and that the cargo , ordered on January 23 and February 23 , 1937 , by an Italian named Benito Estrada , was a large quantity of rifles , pistols and one hundred and forty cases of cartridges for various caliber guns .
When the car arrived in San Luis Potosi , it was met by an elderly , mustached German named Baron Ernst von Merck , who took the shipment to General Saturnino Cedillo , former gov ernor of the state * and a well - known advocate of fascism .
One week later the elderly German met a carload shipment of " farm implements . "
When it was unloaded in San Luis Potosi , the farm implements turned out to be dynamite .
Von Merck , who has been Cedillo s right - hand man , was dur ing the World War a German spy stationed in Brussels .
A mem ber of Cedillo s stafff he traveled constantly between San Luis Potosi , where the arms were cached , and the Nazi Legation in Mexico City .
On December 21 , 1937 , Baron von Merck flew to Guatemala the same day that a cargo of arms from Germany was to be landed off the wild jungle coast of Campeche in Southern Mexico . *
In May , 1938 , Cedillo launched an abortive rebellion and is now being hunted by the Mexican government .
t After Cedillo s defeat von Merck fled to New York and went to Germany .
DYNAMITE UNDER MEXICO 45 Guatemala , just south of Mexico , is the most thoroughly or ganized fascist country in Central or South America .
Its chief industries , coffee and bananas , are virtually controlled by Ger mans , whose enormous plantations overlap into the state of Chiapas , Mexico .
But President Jorge Ubico , who is not much of an Aryan , prefers Mussolini s brand of fascism because the Nazi theory of Nordic supremacy does not strike a sympathetic chord in the President s heart .
As a result , the Italian Minister to Guatemala is Ubico s adviser on almost all matters of state .
Guiseppe Sotanis , a mysterious Italian officer who sits in the Gran Hotel in San Jose " , Costa Rica , collecting stamps and studying his immaculate fingernails , arranges for shipments of Italian arms into Guatemala .
A few months ago Sotanis , the Italian minister to Guatemala , and Ubico met in Guatemala City .
Shortly thereafter the Italian arms manufacturing company , Bredda , sent Ubico two hundred eighty portable machine guns , sixty anti-aircraft machine guns and seventy small caliber cannon .
But President Ubico is not hopelessly addicted to one brand of fascism .
Nazi ships make no attempt to conceal their landing of arms and munitions at Puerto Barrios .
From there they are transported by car , river and horse into the dense chicle forests in the mountain regions , then across the Guatemalan border into Chiapas and Campeche .
During March , 1938 , mysterious activities took place in the heart of the chicle forests in Campeche .
The region is a dense jungle inhabited by primitive Indian tribes .
There is little reason for anyone to build an airport in this territory , much of which has not even been explored .
But if the Mexican Govern ment will instruct its air squadron to go to Campeche and fly forty miles north of the Rio Hondo and a little west of Quin - tana Roo border , they will find a completed airport in the heart of the chicle jungle ; and if they will fly a little due west of the 46 SECRET ARMIES small villages of La Tuxpena and Esperanza in Campeche , they will find two more secret airports .
The Mexican Government knows that arms are being smuggled in through its own ports , across the Guatemalan border , and across the wide , sparsely inhabited two - thousand - mile stretch of American border .
Both American and Mexican border patrols have been increased , but it is almost impossible to watch the entire region between Southern California and Brownsville .
Few contraband runners are caught , apparently because neither the American nor Mexican Governments seem to know the routes followed or who the leading smugglers are .
On February 12 , 1938 , Jos Rebey and his brother Pablo , who live in the Altar district of Sonora and know every foot of the desert , drove to Tucson , Arizona , where they met two unidenti fied Americans .
On February 16 , 1938 , Jose Rebey and Fran cisco Cuen , old and close friends of Gov. Roman Yocupicio , drove a Buick to the sandy , deserted wastes near Sonoyta , just south of the American border where one of the two unidentified Americans delivered a carload of cases securely covered with sheet metal .
As soon as the cases were transferred into Rebey s car , he turned back on Sonera s flat , dusty roads , passing Caborca , La Cienega , and turning on the sun-dried rutted road to Ures , which lies parched and dry in the semi-tropical sun .
Ures is the central cache for arms smuggled into Sonora by Yocupicio , and the Rebey brothers and Cuen are among the chief contraband runners .
The load they carried that day con sisted of Thompson guns and cartridges , and the route followed is the one they generally use .
A secondary route used by one of Cuen s chief aids , a police delegate from the El Tiro mine , lies over the roads to Ures by way of Altar .
If in time of war it becomes necessary for guard or patrol work to deflect any troops from the army , or ships from the navy , it is DYNAMITE UNDER MEXICO 47 of advantage to the enemy .
If a coming war found the United States lined up with the democratic as against the fascist powers and serious uprisings broke out in Mexico , it would require several U. S. regiments to patrol the border and a number of U. S. ships to watch the thousands of miles of coast line to prevent arms running to American countries sympathetic to the Berlin - Rome - Tokyo axis .
The three fascist powers that have cast longing eyes upon Cen tral and South America have apparently divided their activities in the Americas , with Japan concentrating on the coast lines and the Panama Canal , Germany on the large Central and South American countries and Italy upon the small ones .
In Mexico , Nazi agents work directly with Mexican fascist groups , and have undertaken to carry the brunt of spreading anti-democratic propaganda to turn popular sentiment against the " Colossus of the North , " and to develop a receptive attitude toward the totalitarian form of government .
Italy concentrates on espionage , with particular attention to Mexican aid to Loyalist Spain .
It was the Italian espionage net work in Mexico which learned the course of the ill - fated " Mar Cantabrico " which left New York and Vera Cruz with a cargo of arms for the Loyalists and was intercepted and sunk by an Insurgent cruiser .
Though Germany , even more than Italy , is utilizing her propa ganda machine in the Americas markets , the Japanese are not troubling about that just yet .
Their commercial missions seem to be much less interested in establishing business connections than in taking photographs .
The chief commercial activity all three countries are intensely interested in is getting concessions from Mexico for iron , manganese and oil materials essential for war .
President Lazaro Cardenas , however , has stated his dislike of fascism on several occasions .
Since Germany , Japan and Italy 48 SECRET ARMIES must obtain these products wherever they can get them , it would be to their advantage if a government more friendly to fascism were in power .
But , should that prove impossible , the existence of a strong , fascist movement would have , in time of war , tre mendous potentialities for sabotage .
Hence , Mexico is today being battered by pro-fascist propagan da broadcasts from Germany on special short - wave beams , and Nazi and fascist agents surreptitiously meet with discontented generals to weave a network throughout the country .
The radio propaganda is devoted chiefly to selling the wonders of totalitarian government , and to the dissemination of subtle , indirect comments calculated to turn popular feeling against the United States .
In addition to regular broadcasts , material printed in Spanish and in German by the Fichte Bund with headquarters in Hamburg , Germany , is smuggled into Mexico in commercial shipments .
A Nazi bund to direct this propaganda was organ ized secretly because of the government s unfriendly attitude toward fascism .
The bund operates as the Deutsche Volksgemein - schaft and its propaganda center functions under the name of the " United German Charities . "
This organization , on the top floor of the building at 80 Uruguay Street , Mexico City , is actually the " Brown House , " in direct contact with Nazi propa ganda headquarters in Hamburg .
Some of the propaganda distributed in Mexico is smuggled off Nazi ships docking in Los Angeles , and is transported across the American border by agents working under Hermann Schwinn , director of Nazi activities for the West Coast of the United States .
The propaganda sent by Schwinn across the American border is chiefly for distribution around Guaymas , where a spe cial effort is being made to win the sympathy of the people .
Meanwhile Yocupicio caches arms in Ures and the bland Jap anese continue charting the harbors and coast lines .
DYNAMITE UNDER MEXICO 49 The Nazis began to build fascism in Mexico right after Hitler got into power .
In 1933 Schwinn called a meeting in Mexicali of several Nazi agents operating out of Los Angeles , including General Rodriguez , and several members of a veterans organi zation .
It was at this meeting that the Mexican Gold shirts were organized .
Under the direction of Rodriguez and his right - hand men ( Antonio F. Escobar was one of them ) , the fascist organi zation drilled and paraded , but little official attention was paid to them .
Five years ago few people realized the intensity and possibilities of Nazi propaganda and organization .
The only ones in Mexico who watched the growth of the fascist military body were the trade - unionists and the Communists .
They remembered what happened in Italy and Germany when the Black Shirts and the Brown Shirts were permitted to grow strong .
On November 20 , 1935 , Rodriguez and his organization staged a military demonstration in Mexico City , and marched upon the President s palace .
Trade - unionists , liberals and Com munists barred their way .
When the pitched battle was over , five Gold Shirts were dead , some sixty persons wounded , and Rod riguez himself had been stabbed by a woman worker , on her lips the furious cry , " Down with fascism ! "
When the Gold Shirt leader was discharged from the hospital , he found that his organization had been made illegal , and he himself exiled .
Rodriguez went to El Paso , Texas , and im mediately , working through Escobar , set about establishing the " Confederation of the Middle Class " to take over now the illegal Gold Shirt work and consolidate the various Mexican fascist groups .
Its headquarters was established at 40 Passo de la Reforma .
Rodriguez kept in touch with Schwinn through Henry Allen , a native American of San Diego , who acts as liaison man .
It was Allen , on orders from Schwinn , who last year secretly met in Guaymas Ramon F. Iturbe , a member of the Mexican Chamber 50 SECRET ARMIES of Deputies .
Iturbe is in constant touch with the fascist groups in Mexico City .
The Gold Shirts smuggled arms into Mexico along the border between Laredo and Brownsville , and cached them in Monterrey .
On January 31 , 1938 , Gold Shirts attempted to attack Matamoros , near Brownsville .
A Mexican policeman was killed and another wounded in the fighting .
Two days later Gold Shirts surrounded Reynosa , some distance west of Matamoros , but met peasants armed with rifles , pistols and knives .
The fascists withdrew and Rodriguez vanished , only to appear in San Diego , California , on February 19 , 1938 for a secret meeting with Plutarco Elias Calles , the former President of Mexico .
After a three - hour con ference Rodriguez went to Los Angeles , met Schwinn , and pro ceeded to Mission , Texas , where he established new headquarters .
A few days after these conferences , he sent two men into Mexico under forged passports to discuss closer cooperation among the fascist leaders .
The men sent into Mexico were an American named Mario Baldwin , one of Rodriguez s chief assistants , and a Mexican named Sanchez Yanez .
They established headquarters at 31 Jose " Joaquin Herrera , apartment i-T , and met for their secret conferences in Jesus de Avila s tailor shop at 22 Isabel la Catolico ,
In the latter part of June , 1935 , an amiable bar fly arrived in Mexico City from Berlin as civilian attache " to the German Lega tion .
A civilian attache is the lowest grade in the diplomatic ranks and the salary is just about enough to keep him going .
Nevertheless , Dr. Heinrich Northe , at that time not quite thirty , and not especially well - to - do , established a somewhat luxurious place at 64 Tokyo St. and bought a private airplane for " pleas ure jaunts " about Mexico .
Northe is seldom at the Nazi Lega tion .
He is more apt to be found in Sonora , where Yocupicio is storing arms and where the Japanese fishing fleet is active , or DYNAMITE UNDER MEXICO 51 in Acapulco , whose harbor fascinates the Japanese .
He used to make frequent visits to Cedillo just before the General started his rebellion .
On March 4 , 1938 , Northe took off " for a vacation " in the Panama Canal Zone .
He stopped off in Guatemala on the way down .
The persistently vacationing commercial attache , before com ing to Mexico , was part of the Gestapo network in Moscow and Bulgaria .
Immediately after the Nazis got control of Germany , Northe went into the German " diplomatic service , " and was one of the first secret agents sent to the German Embassy in Moscow .
The Russian secret service apparently watched him a little too closely , for he was shifted to Sofia , Bulgaria , where he bought a private plane and flew wherever he wished .
In 1935 , when the signers of the " anti-Communist pact " decided to concentrate upon Mexico , Northe was transferred to Mexico City .
One of Northe s chief aids is a German adventurer who was a spy during the World War .
When the War ended , Hans Hein - rich von Holleuffer , of 36 Danubio St. , Mexico City , worked hard at earning a dishonest penny in Republican Germany .
When the law got after him , he skipped to Mexico , where , without even pausing for breath , he went to work on his fellow countrymen in the New World .
Berlin asked for his arrest and extradition v and von Holleuffer fled to Guatemala .
That was in 1926 .
He came back to Mexico in 1931 under the name of Hans Helbing .
When Hitler got into power von Holleuffer s brother - in - law became a high official in the Gestapo .
Since there was no danger of the Nazis extraditing him on charges of fraud and forgery , Hans Helbing became Hans Heinrich von Holleuffer again and , without any visible means of support , established a swanky resi dence at the above address , got an expensive automobile , a chauffeur , and some very good - looking maids .
Since he has not defrauded anyone lately , the German colony in Mexico still wonders how he does it .
52 SECRET ARMIES
He does it by being in charge of arms smuggling from Ger many to Mexican fascists .
During the latter part of December , 1937 , ne directed the unloading of one of the heaviest cargoes of arms yet shipped into Mexico .
Northe had informed von Holleuffer that a German vessel whose name even Northe had not yet been given , would be ready to land a cargo of guns , munitions and mountain artillery somewhere along the wild and deserted coast of Campeche where there are miles of shore with not even an Indian around .
Von Holleuffer was instructed to arrange for unloading the cargo and having it removed into the interior .
On December 19 , 1937 , von Holleuffer arranged a meeting in Mexico City with Julio Rosenberg of 13 San Juan de Letran and Curt Kaiser at 34 Bolivar , the latter s home .
He offered them fifty thousand pesos to take the contraband off the boat and transport it through the chicle jungles to the destination he would give them .
Shortly after the Japanese - Nazi pact was signed , the Japanese Government arranged with the somewhat naive Mexican Govern ment for Japanese fishing experts to conduct " scientific explora tions " along Mexico s Pacific Coast in return for teaching Mexi cans how to catch fish scientifically .
The agreement provided that two Japanese , J. Yamashito and Y. Matsui , be employed by the Mexican Government for the exploratory work .
Matsui arrived in Mexico in 1936 and immediately became interested in the fish situation at Acapulco , which from a naval standpoint has the best harbor on the entire long stretch of Mexico s Pacific coast line .
In February , 1938 , he decided that it was important to the west - coast shrimp - fishing studies for him to do some exploratory work along the northeast part of the Mexican coast , near the American border , and there he went .
Immediately after the agreement was signed , three magnificent DYNAMITE UNDER MEXICO 53 fishing boats , the " Minatu Maru , " the " Minowa Mam " and the " Saro Maru , " which had been hovering out on the Pacific while the negotiations were going on , appeared in Guaymas .
Their captains reported to the Nippon Suisan Kaisha , a fishing com pany with headquarters in Guaymas .
Eighty per cent of this company s stock is owned by the Japanese Government .
Each ship is equipped with large fish bins which can easily be turned into munition carriers , each has powerful short - wave sending and receiving sets ; and each has extraordinarily long cruising powers ranging from three to six thousand miles .
These boats do not do much fishing .
They confine themselves to " ex ploring , " which Includes the taking of soundings of harbors , especially Magdalena Bay .
Apparently the explorers want to know how deep the fish can swim and whether there are any rocks or ledges in their way .
That Germany , Japan and Italy are not working toward peace ful ends in Mexico is slowly dawning upon the Mexican Govern ment .
Influential government and trade - union leaders have re peatedly shown their dislike of Nazism and fascism and have urged propaganda against them .
On the morning of October 5 , 1937 , Freiherr Riedt von Col - lenberg , Nazi minister to Mexico , telephoned the Japanese and Italian ministers to suggest a joint meeting to discuss steps to counteract the attacks on fascism and their countries .
The Jap anese minister , Sacchiro Koshda , suave and skilled in such matters , thought it would not be wise to meet in any of the legations .
The Italian minister suggested the offices of the Italian Union on San Cosne Avenue .
At half past one in the afternoon of October 7 , the ministers arrived , each in a taxi instead of the legation car which carries a conspicuous diplomatic license plate .
At this secret meeting 54 SECRET ARMIES which lasted until after four , they concluded that it would be unwise for them personally to take any steps to counteract the anti-fascist activities that it would be wiser to work indirectly through fascist organizations like the Confederation of the Middle Class and its associated bodies .
A few days earlier each minister had received a letter from several organizations allied with the Confederation of the Middle Class .
It was an offer to help the Berlin - Tokyo - Rome combination .
A free translation of the passage which the ministers discussed ( from the letter received by the Japanese minister which I now have ) follows : " We , exactly like the representatives of the three powers , love our Fatherland and are disposed to any sacrifice to prevent the intervention of these elements [ Jews and Communists ] in our politics , in which , unfortunately , they have begun to have great influence .
And we will employ , and are employing , all legal methods of struggle to make an end of them . "
The phrase " legal methods " is frequently employed by those who suggest illegal activity .
The German Minister knew that the Union Nacionalista Mexicana , one of the signers of the letter , was run by Escobar , and that Carmen Calero , 12 Place de la Concepcion , Mexico City , an elderly woman physician active in many fascist organizations , was a member of the Partido Anti- reelectionista Action , another of the signers .
One month later the various fascist groups got enough money to launch an intensive pro-fascist drive under the usual guise of fighting Communism .
Jose " Luis Noriega , Secretary of the Na tionalist Youth of Mexico , which also signed the letters to the ministers , left for the United States to organize an anti-Cardenas drive .
At the same time , Carmen Calero left on a mysterious mission to Puebla on November 12 , 1937 , with a letter from Escobar to J. Trinidad Mata , publisher of the local paper Avance .
She carried still another letter addressed to their " dis tinguished comrades , " without mentioning names , and signed by DYNAMITE UNDER MEXICO 55 both Escobar and Ovidio Pedfero Valenzuela , President of the Action Civica Nationalists
The " distinguished comrades " to whom she presented the letter were the Nazi honorary consul in Puebla , Carl Petersen , Avenida 2 , Oriente 15 , and a Japanese agent named L. Yuzinratsa with whom the consul has been in repeated conferences .
Six weeks after the secret meeting of the Japanese , German and Italian ministers , and one week after she went to Puebla , Dr. Carmen Calero got twenty - two kilos of dynamite and stored it in a house at 39 Juan de la Mateos , in Mexico City .
She , her sister , Colonel Valenzuela , and four others , met at her home and laid plans to assassinate President Cdrdenas by blowing up his train when he left on a proposed trip to Sonora .
On November 18 , 1937 , the secret police made a series of simultaneous raids upon Dr. Calero s and Valenzuela s homes and the house where the dynamite was cached .
They arrested every one in the houses .
But once the arrests had been made , the Mexican Government found itself in a quandary .
To bring the prisoners to trial would involve foreign governments and create an international scandal ; so Cardenas personally ordered the secret police to release them .
The arrests , however , scared the wits out of the ministers , and their horror was not lessened when they discovered that the letters from the fascist organizations had vanished from their files .
They wouldn t even answer the telephone when one of the released fascist leaders called .
It was then that the Mexican fas cists decided to send a special messenger to Francisco Franco in Spain ( November 30 , 1937 ) with the request that Franco inter cede to get money from Hitler to help overthrow Cardenas , since the Nazi minister was too scared to cooperate .
The special messenger was Fernando Ostos Mora .
He never got there .
Surrounding the Panama Canal r-piHERE is A LITTLE SHIRT SHOP in Colon , Panama , on Calle loa JL between Avenida Herrera and Avenida Amador Guerrero , whose red and black painted shingle announces that Lola Osawa is the proprietor .
Across the street from her shirt shop , where the red light dis trict begins , is a bar frequented by natives , soldiers and sailors .
Tourists seldom go there , for it is a bit off the beaten track .
In front of the bar is a West Indian boy with a tripod and camera with a telescopic lens .
He never photographs natives , and wan dering tourists pass him by , but he is there every day from eight in the morning until dark .
His job is to photograph everyone who shows an undue interest in the little shirt shop and particu larly anyone who enters or leaves it .
Usually he snaps your pic ture from across the street , but if he misses you he darts across and waits to take another shot when you come out .
I saw him take my picture when I entered the store .
It was almost high noon and Lola was not yet up .
The business upon which she and her husband are supposed to depend for a living was in the hands of two giggling young Panamanian girls who sat idly at two ancient Singer sewing machines .
" You got shirts ? " I asked .
Without troubling to rise and wait on me , they pointed to a glass case stretched across the room and barring quick entrance 56 SURROUNDING THE PANAMA CANAL 57 to the shop proper .
I examined the assortment in the case , count ing a total of twenty - eight shirts .
" I don t especially like these , " I said .
" Got any others ? " " No more , " one of them giggled .
" Where s Lola ? " " Upstairs , " the other said , motioning with her thumb to the ceiling .
" Looks like you re doing a rushing business , eh ? "
They looked puzzled and I explained : " Busy , eh ? " " Busy ?
No. No busy . "
There is little work for them and neither Lola nor they care a whoop whether or not you buy any of the shop s stock of twenty - eight shirts .
Lola herself pays little attention to the busi ness from which she obviously cannot earn enough to pay the rent , let alone keep herself and her husband , pay two girls and a lookout .
The little shirt shop is a cubbyhole about nine feet square , its wooden walls painted a pale , washed - out blue .
A deck which cuts the store s height in half , forms a little balcony which is covered by a green and yellow print curtain stretched across it .
To the right , casually covered by another print curtain , is a red painted ladder by which the deck is reached .
On the deck , at the extreme left , where it is not perceptible from the street or the shop , is another tiny ladder which reaches to the ceiling .
If you stand on the ladder and press against the ceiling di rectly over it , a well - oiled trap door will open soundlessly and lead you into Lola s bedroom above the shop .
In front of the window with the blue curtain is a worn bed , the hard mattress neatly covered with a counterpane .
At the head of the mattress is a mended tear .
It is in this mattress that Lola hides photo graphs of extraordinary military and naval importance .
I saw four of them .
The charming little seamstress is one of the most capable of the 58 SECRET ARMIES Japanese espionage agents operating in the Canal Zone area .
Lola Osawa is not her right name .
She is Chiyo Morasawa , who arrived at Balboa from Yokahama on the Japanese steamship " Anyo Maru " on May 24 , 1929 , and promptly disappeared for almost a year .
When she appeared again , she was Lola Osawa , seamstress .
She has been an active Japanese agent for almost ten years , specializing in getting photographs of military im portance .
Her husband , who entered Panama without a Pana manian visa on his passport , is a reserve officer in the Japanese Navy .
He lives with Lola in the room above the shop , never does any work though he passes as a merchant , and is always wandering around with a camera .
Occasionally he vanishes to Japan .
His last trip was in 1935 .
At that time he stayed there over a year .
To defend the ten - mile - wide and forty - six - mile - long strip of land , lakes and canal which the Republic of Panama leased to the United States " in perpetuity , " the army , navy and air corps have woven a network of secret fortifications , laid mines and placed anti-aircraft guns .
Foreign spies and international ad venturers play a sleepless game to learn these military and naval secrets .
The Isthmus is a center of intrigue , plotting , conniving , conspiracy and espionage , with the intelligence departments of foreign governments bidding high for information .
For the cap ture or disablement of the Canal by an enemy would mean that American ships would have to go around the Horn to get from one coast to another a delay which in time of war might prove to be the difference between victory and defeat .
Because of the efficiency and speed of modern communication and transportation , any region within five hundred to a thousand miles of a military objective is considered in the " sensitive zone , " especially if it is of great strategic importance .
Hence , espionage activities embrace Central and South American Republics which SURROUNDING THE PANAMA CANAL 59 may have to be used by an enemy as a base of operations .
Costa Rica , north of the Canal , and Colombia , south of it , are beehives of secret Japanese , Nazi and Italian activities .
Special efforts are made to buy or lease land " for colonization , " but the land chosen is such that it can be turned into an air base almost overnight .
For decades Japanese in the Canal Zone area have been photo graphing everything in sight , not only around the Canal , but for hundreds of miles north and south of it ; and the Japanese fish ing fleet has taken soundings of the waters and harbors along the coast .
Since the conclusion of the Japanese - Nazi " anti-Com munist pact , " Nazi agents have been sent to German colonies in Central and South America to organize them , carry on propa ganda and cooperate secretly with Japanese agents .
Italy , which had been only mildly interested in Central America , has become extremely active in cultivating the friendship of Central Ameri can Republics since she joined the Tokyo - Berlin tie - up .
Let me illustrate :
The recognized vulnerability of the Canal has caused the United States to plan another throu
« previous post | next post »
Orwell 's Politics and the English Language is a beautifully written language crime , though it pretends to lay down the law .
Furthermore I just noticed that its final law is rather curious .
We 'll get to that shortly .
Orwell begins with the unjustified premise that language is in decline – unjustified because while he viciously attacks contemporary cases of poor writing , he provides no evidence that earlier times had been perennially populated by paragons of literary virtue .
He proceeds to shore up the declining language with style suggestions that , regrettably enough , have never turned a Dan Brown into a George Orwell .
Customers who buy into Orwell 's shit also buy Strunk and White , and further milquetoast simulacra of one or the other , so it 's worth looking more closely at what he proposes .
Let 's start off in time honored Language Log style , by seeing how Orwell breaks his own rules .
Showing a lack of imagination that would be worthy of someone who lacked imagination , Orwell suggests the following rule , his fourth rule , a rule that in various forms has been heard many times both before and since .
Verily shall I yawn unto you Orwell 's unoriginal original ( c.f. this discussion of how it predates Orwell ) :
Never use the passive where you can use the active .
Are you still awake ?
Then get this , his third rule :
If it is possible to cut a word out , always cut it out .
And would n't you know it , the very first sentence of Orwell 's essay runs :
Most people who bother with the matter at all would admit that the English language is in a bad way , but it is generally assumed that we cannot by conscious action do anything about it .
So , Orwell writes " it is generally assumed " , which is passive .
Why did n't he say " people generally assume " , or " we generally assume " , both of which are perfectly grammatical , are one word shorter , and are not passive ?
Answer : because the passive is slightly better here .
But why ?
And how could rules like Orwell 's possibly help someone who did n't already know which version was better find out ?
I wish I could write like Orwell .
But his injunctions do n't help .
In fact , they cry out for him to be hoisted by his own pedantry and held up to public ridicule .
Let 's move to his first rule " Never use a metaphor , simile , or other figure of speech which you are used to seeing in print " ?
Yet we only need to read as far as the second sentence of his essay to see him talk of the " collapse " of civilization .
That would be a literal collapse would it ?
His second rule is " Never use a long word where a short one will do . "
The question of whether a short word will do is subjective , but one of my favorite aspects of Orwell 's writing is his free use of long words where short ones would have done .
When he says " A scrupulous writer , in every sentence that he writes , will ask himself at least four questions … " could he have used the shorter " careful " instead of " scrupulous " ?
Not quite the same meaning , of course .
But would it have done ?
If longer words generally have slightly different meanings to shorter ones , then surely the right injunction is to use a word which means what you want to say , regardless of length .
Orwell himself says : " let the meaning choose the word , and not the other way around . "
Quite .
But then , why do we need a rule that 's based on the length of the word and not its meaning ?
Is n't it imprecision of language that Orwell really objects to , the fact that poor writers settle for words that will do , instead of using words that fit ?
The same criticism applies to his fifth rule : " Never use a foreign phrase , a scientific word , or a jargon word if you can think of an everyday English equivalent . "
Orwell again misses the mark , to my mind .
Sure , people occasionally show off with big words , Greek words , French words , and technical terms .
( I blush . )
But an occasional display of grandiloquence , or of in - group language , is hardly a crime , and it certainly is n't evidence for the decline of language .
Our use of big , Greek , French , or technical words is only a problem if we do n't say what we mean , or if our intended audience can't understand us .
OK , fine .
Orwell 's rules were never likely to rescue the English language , whether it needed to be resued or not .
But I promised you a particularly curious rule .
Here it is , Orwell 's sixth and final rule , and a very sensible and pragmatic sort of a rule it might appear at first , though I will suggest that it is even more useless and peculiar than the others :
Break any of these rules sooner than say anything outright barbarous .
By intent , this is a meta - rule saying that the rules should be taken as defaults .
Now , with the other rules , it 's clear what it would mean to obey them , and what it would mean to break them .
But here 's my question : is it possible to break Orwell 's sixth rule , in the form that he wrote it ?
To break the rule , you 'd have to fail to do the following : break any of the rules sooner than saying something outright barbarous .
Now , to break any of the rules sooner than saying something outright barbarous , you 'd have to be breaking a rule , right ?
So , if " break any " is interpreted as " break at least one " in Orwell 's sixth rule , the way to fail to break any of the rules sooner than saying something outright barbarous would be not to break any rules , and to say something outright barbarous .
Let us assume that you are breaking the sixth rule itself .
Then a fortiori ( pardon my Latin ) you can't be failing to break any of the rules sooner than saying something outright barbarous .
Which means , contra assumption , that you are n't breaking the rule after all .
Doh !
What 's the point in a rule for which it 's impossible to know whether you 're breaking it ?
Or maybe that 's the best sort of rule ?
If only I was better at Doublethink …
ps .
The semantically minded among you may be able to come up with an interpretation of Orwell 's rule which is saner than the one I adopted , by taking " any " to be a wide scope universal .
In that case Orwell 's rule is ambiguous rather than mad .
I 'll leave you to puzzle it out .
Permalink
to Busch Gardens .
On weekends , we like to go there and hang out sometimes .
Busch Gardens has a " wild animal encounter " section where you can go nose to nose wih various animals , separated only by Plexiglass .
We went there last weekend .
Among my favorite animals at Busch Gardens are the hyenas ; I took a picture of this fellow some time ago : " Oh , those hyenas are ugly ! " when they look at the hyena display .
Hyenas look a bit like dogs ; but they look likedogs .
If you compare a hyena to a domesticated dog or to a wolf , they look all kinds of wrong -- heads too large , snouts shorter and sloping , necks longer , fur all short and spiky .
As dogs , yeah , they 're pretty ugly .
And I think that 's very interesting .
you start to notice something .
Most animated porn , like Japanese hentai , uses characters that are n't photorealistic by any stretch of the imagination .
The women in hentai tend to be completey disproportionate to real human beings -- huge eyes , tiny mouth , really only crude sketches of the basic form of a person .
And that works for us ; we look at these characters , who are only approximately human , and say " Aww , cute . "
( Well , some of us do , anyway .
others of us say " Satan !
The sins of the flesh !
Out ! Out ! Devil , begone ! "
Still others of us say " What 's with all the tentacles , anyway ? "
But I digress . )
If you watch animated porn that 's been rendered in 3D and strives to be photorealistic , though , you find that at a certain point , it becomes very , very creepy .
There 's a certain threshold that gets reached where our brains start interpreting the characters as ... but people who are , somehow , We 're very , very good at looking at people .
We have a part of the brain just dedicated to parsing faces .
Even tiny , almost unnoticable inconsistences in the way photorealistic characters move lookto us .
A character that is nowhere near a real human being is fun to watch ; a character that is rendered almost perfectly , but not quite , is creepy .
If there are tiny flaws in the way the characters move and the way the characters look , we notice .
( i had this problem withthe " Final Fantasy " movies -- the characters looked great as long as they were standing still , but whenever they moved , it just looked all kinds of weird . ) there 's a conversation about how significant a person 's physical appearance is to a relationship .
There seem to be two basic camps ; the " I could never date someone if he is n't gorgeous " camp ( which tends to resent being called ' shallow , ' even though that is in fact a shallow attitude ; the word ' shallow ' merely means ' penetrating only the easily or quickly perceived ' in this context , or so says my dictionary ; and if people want to base their relationships on the surface or easily perceived , hey , more power to 'em .
Nothing wrong with that , as long as they 're up front about it .
.. but again , I digress ) ; and the " If I love someone , I can see past their flaws and imperfections and be attracted to them in spite of the way they look " camp .
Me , I do n't belong to either camp .
And i think the hyenas are beautiful .are to some extent , I think , judging the heyenas on the characteristics of a dog .
And a hyena does not look like a dog .
If one looks at a hyena and tries to impose the shape of a dog on it , the heyena does n't fit very well .
Heyenas are damn ugly dogs , especially if your idea of what a dog should look like is informed by , say , a wolf .
But a hyena is not a wolf , nor a domestic dog ; and as an example of an animal viewed in its own light , it 's gorgeous .
If you look at a heyena without trying to impose the shape of a dog on it , it 's a beautiful , powerful , graceful animal .
I love hyenas .
For me , a hyena is beautiful because I appreciate it for what it is , not for what it is n't .
And the same is true for people .
they are physically all over the map .
And every one of them has been beautiful -- not because I have a standard of beauty that is flexible , but because my appreciation of what someone looks like is shaped by my experience with that person .
A person to whom I am deeply connected always looks attractive to me ; a person to whom I am not , does not .
I do n't fully understand " Well , if I love someone I 'm attracted to herwhat she looks like ; " when I love someone , I am attracted to herwhat she looks like .
Everything about that person is attractive to me ; it 's not a question of " getting past " or " looking beyond " whatever perceived ' flaws ' she has .
All of these things make her who she is .
I think what happens is that people try to impose an idealized model of " woman " onto their partners , rather like the people at Busch Gardens try to impose an idealized abstraction of what a dog looks like onto a hyena .
A hyena is not a domesticated dog , and an individual is not an abstraction .
I do n't think I was born with the gene that causes me to try to impose shapes on things , at least not that way ; certainly , I do n't try to impose an aesthetic shape onto the things around me .
It 's taken me a while to understand why people evenabout what physical traits they require in their partners , or even have those requirements in the first place , and I 'm not sure if I 'm quite there yet .
But the hyena is helping .
This yummy chicken dish is very , very cowboy - friendly , make no mistake about it .
It ’s hearty , exceedingly flavorful , and not the least bit fancy .
Is n’t that what cowboy food is all about ?
To begin , make the marinade .
In a large bowl mix together ½ cup Dijon or country / grainy mustard with ½ cup honey , juice of ½ lemon , ½ teaspoon paprika , and ½ teaspoon salt and whisk until smooth .
Sprinkle in some crushed red pepper flakes or cayenne if you like things a little spicy .
Set aside .
Next , rinse the chicken breasts , place between two sheets of waxed paper and pound to around ½ to ¾ inch thick with a mallet .
Next , add the chicken to the bowl with the marinade , cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator for 1 to 3 hours .
While the chicken marinates , fry up some bacon .
When finished cooking , reserve ¼ cup of the bacon grease and clean out the skillet .
When the chicken is done marinating , preheat the oven to 400 degrees .
Remove the chicken from the fridge and pour off excess marinade .
Heat half of the reserved bacon grease with an equal quantity of Canola Oil in the clean skillet over medium - high heat .
When the grease is nice and hot add two or three pieces of chicken to it .
Cook until brownish / blackish , about 1 to 1 ½ minutes per side .
Remove chicken to a large baking sheet .
If cooking many pieces of chicken , repeat skillet process and remove finished chicken to baking sheet .
Place chicken in preheated oven and cook for about 10 minutes .
Remove from over .
Lay a few pieces of bacon over each chicken breast .
Sprinkle shredded sharp cheddar cheese over the top of the chicken as generously as you like .
Return pan to oven for an additional five minutes until cheese is melted and bacon is sizzling .
Serve immediately .
This ingredient shopping module is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content on their web site .
“ Ranch Chicken ” — ha !
What a recipe name .
The truth is , this dish does n’t even have an official name .
I just make it .
Then I serve it to hungry men so I can hear them moan and groan .
Then I eat it myself .
But for some strange reason , when I put a recipe up for you here , I feel like I have to give it a designation .
And are n’t you impressed !
Of all the words in the English language at my disposal , I pulled “ Ranch Style Chicken ” out of thin air .
Why ?
Because I ’m eloquent , loquacious , and very , very creative .
Do n’t your ever forget that .
This yummy chicken dish is very , very Cowboy - Friendly , make no mistake about it .
It ’s hearty , exceedingly flavorful , and not the least bit fancy .
Is n’t that what Cowboy Food is all about ?
Note :
On the surface , this recipe may seem suspiciously similar to Marlboro Man ’s second favorite sandwich .
But it ’s not .
It ’s very , very , very , very , very , very different .
This one has …umm … PAPRIKA in it , after all .
I ’m all about variety here on The Pioneer Woman Cooks .
The Cast of Characters :
Boneless , Skinless Chicken Breasts
Thick cut bacon
Bacon grease
Honey
Dijon Mustard
Lemon juice
Paprika
Crushed Red Pepper ( optional )
Sharp Cheddar Cheese
Canola oil ( not shown , because I ’m an airhead . )
Are you ready ?
Let ’s do this thing .
To begin , mix together 1/2 cup Dijon or country / grainy mustard with 1/2 cup honey .
Add juice of 1/2 lemon , 1/ 2 teaspoon paprika , and 1/2 teaspoon salt .
And have some fun here !
Sprinkle in some crushed red pepper flakes or cayenne if you like things a little spicy .
Whisk it together until smooth .
Next , rinse the chicken breasts under cool water and pat them dry .
We ’re going to pound the chicken breasts so they have a more uniform thickness , which means they ’ll cook more evenly and wo n’t be dry around the edges .
Plus , I just like to pound things with my mallet .
It ’s an unbelievably effective stress reducer .
Place one chicken breast between two sheets of waxed paper …
Lightly pat the waxed paper so it adheres to the chicken .
The reason we ’re using waxed paper is that it will prevent teeny tiny bits of grody raw chicken from flying al over the kitchen .
Because nothing ruins your day more than finding a teeny tiny bit of grody raw chicken stuck to the side of your blender .
* Shudder .*
With a mallet or a rolling pin ( you can also use a heavy can ! ) lightly pound the chicken breast so that the thickness is uniform .
By the time it all evens up , it ’s usually around 1 / 2 to 3/4 ″ thick .
And just a hint : it ’s okay to LOVE the way this feels .
It really is .
See ?
Nice and even .
And you can go ahead and trim off the little pieces of fat if you ’d like .
Also , if the chicken breasts are overly huge , I often cut them in half just to create more manageable ( and kid- friendly ) pieces .
Next , just add all the chicken to the bowl with the marinade .
You ’ll want to cover this with plastic wrap and let it marinate in the fridge for at least an hour — usually I let it go about 2 to 3 hours , but that ’s only because I ’m always running behind .
While the chicken is marinating , go ahead and fry up some bacon :
I happen to think there ’s nothing better on earth than thick cut peppered bacon .
But not all areas of the country — or supermarket chains — agree .
So any kind of bacon will do ; just keep in mind that the bacon will eventually go into the oven , so you do n’t want to get it too crisp in the skillet .
A warning about thick cut ( or any ) bacon : make ten times ( not an exaggeration ) more than you think you ’re going to need .
This has been a public service announcement .
Next , and this is important , reserve 1/ 4 cup of the bacon grease , and go ahead and clean out the skillet .
Otherwise , it ’ll get too smoky .
When you ’re ready to prepare the chicken , preheat the oven to 400 degrees .
Remove the chicken from the fridge and pour off excess marinade into the sink .
Heat half of the reserved bacon grease with an equal quantity of Canola Oil in the clean skillet over medium - high to high heat .
( We want to sear the chicken , not cook it completely . )
When the grease is sufficiently heated , add a batch of chicken to the skillet .
Do n’t overcrowd the skillet — just 3 pieces is usually enough .
Watch the chicken , and when it starts to get brown / black on one side …
Flip it to the other side .
Cook just until brown / blackish areas appear .
Each side should cook for a maximum of 1 to 1 1/2 minutes .
Fact :
Your kitchen smells divine right about now .
Repeat with all the chicken breasts , then set them on a large baking sheet .
If you look a little closer , you ’ll notice the chicken is definitely not fully cooked .
Gross , man .
Go ahead and throw the pan of chicken into the hot oven for about ten minutes to continue cooking .
Then remove the pan from the oven …
And lay a couple of bacon slices over each chicken breast .
Next , grab some grated sharp cheddar and sprinkle it over the top as generously as you ’d like .
I really like to grate my own cheese .
I just like the way it melts .
Just return the pan to the oven for an additional five minutes , or until cheese is melted and bacon is sizzling .
Then serve immediately …
On a plate with Fluffy New Potatoes .
( Fluffy New Potato recipe will be up first thing tomorrow morning .
Tres yum . )
Enjoy !
Ranch Chicken Variation : Immediately press loaded chicken breasts between two halves of kaiser rolls , then wrap individually in foil and deliver to hungry workers .
They ’ll die right there on the spot , and their productivity will be ruined … but in a really good way .
[ slideshow id=2 ]
现代化的钢铁城市，各种遍布的机会，便利的交通，让离家才有更好的生活似乎成为大多数人无法逃避的宿命。家乡永远意味着贫瘠和没有斗志，无论你的家乡是在大城市还是这样的小县城。
熟悉的城市没有风景 ， “ 生活在别处 ” 让我们永远都在向往着远方的风景。而去了再多的地方，是否就可以找到真正内心的风景？
又是一年春节假期，我再次回到我的家乡，一如每年的如此。
这天阳光异样的好，突然就想带着相机出去走走。而这一天，才发现，其实我对这里的美丽如此的陌生。
很多很多的人和事物~
阳光下的风，每天都热闹到吵闹的市集，那些曾经儿时玩耍的地方如今的模样，河边放风筝的小孩，如同水墨画般的河岸...都是我第一次感触到的。
那些手工的红红棉鞋，戴着厚厚镜片的老花眼镜脸仍然快要贴到纸上认真为死去的人写字的老人...这些我才刚要认识和回想可能就要消逝的人和事物。
按下快门的一刻，嘴巴跟着微笑起来~
发觉，从这个时刻开始，我才真正的在认识我的家乡，而它在这里安静的美丽了几千年。
随手就可拈来绝美风景的地方，我的家乡，这个在新春中喜悦的边远小城。
The following two tabs change content below .
As I was student , the bracketed plurals were absolute ' NO , NO ' .
With this simple function you can cleanly avoid putting bracket plural (s ) after your numbers .
If the number deciding singular / plural should not be automatically included , you can make version with str(n ) + ' '+ eliminated .
If you want to put automatically space separator around the expression , you can add that also .
You can also put here number to words routine for small integers for " one apple " and " ten apples " .
P.S. In Finnish this is more useful still as we have various partitive form after number :
" The nature of reality is this :
It is hidden , and it is hidden , and it is hidden . "
- Rumi , 13th - century Sufi mystic
Alberto Gonzales : I ’ll Cooperate with Leahy Truth Commission
Created : February 19 , 2009 13:01 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales appeared at a forum on Republicans and the Hispanic vote at the Capitol Hill Club this morning , getting a standing ovation from the crowd when he was pointed out by the moderator .
As Gonzales left , I asked him whether he would participate in a “ truth commission , ” as proposed by Sen .
Pat Leahy ( D - Vt. ) , to look into alleged lawbreaking by the Bush administration .
“ My view has always been to be as cooperative as possible , ” said Gonzales , “ and that ’s what I ’ve been with respect to everything .
As far as I ’m concerned I ’ve got nothing to hide and I ’ll cooperate .
Every time I ’ve been asked to cooperate , I ’ve cooperated .
In terms of what happens in the future , I ’m not going to comment on that , but that is what I ’ve done in the past . ”
Gonzales went further : “ I think only a fool would be unconcerned about any kind of commission or investigation in this political town and in this political climate .
Having said that , again , because I feel like I ’ve got nothing to hide and I ’ve done nothing wrong , I ’m not worried about the truth , so long as what we ’re talking about is the truth and things do n’t become politicized . ”
Karl Rove , deputy chief of staff to former President George W. Bush , spoke last week at Loyola Marymount University as part of a campuswide 1st Amendment Week .
In his remarks , he reiterated his belief that government leaks can cause serious harm , and that newspapers should respect government secrecy .
What follows was excerpted from his speech .
Secrecy and confidentiality are necessary for every government , especially when you ’re at war .
Most citizens do n’t want our plans to stop an enemy attack splashed on the front pages of the newspaper .
So when the New York Times took it upon itself to describe an intelligence program that used electronic means of communication and information - gathering ... by which we listen in to the electronic communications of our enemy abroad -- their satellite phones , their Internet messages , anything of an electronic nature .
When the New York Times let it be known that we were doing this , it put America and our allies at risk .
Because by sharing this vital secret , we telegraphed to the enemy :
Do n’t you be sending e-mails , because virtually every e-mail in the world passes through a U.S. network , and we ’ll grab it .
Do n’t you be using a satellite telephone to communicate about your plans to attack Americans or our friends or allies , because we may be listening in .
Do n’t be using a cellphone , because we might have found some guy on a battlefield somewhere and gone through his pockets .
They call it pocket litter .
When we kill somebody on the battlefield , every piece of paper , every document , every item on their body is collected and analyzed , and that information goes into a gigantic database .
...
So do n’t be using that cellphone to communicate your plans because we might be listening in on it .
I love how the last eight years , this White House , the Bush White House , was criticized for being tight - lipped .
We did n’t leak .
I hope Barack Obama has a White House that does n’t leak , and let me tell you why .
The Oval Office is an incredibly powerful place .
It is the epitome of American democracy .
You can not imagine how powerful that office is on the psyche of people .
My office was 20 steps from the Oval Office .
I ’d have members of Congress come into my office and say , “ By God , the president ’s screwing this up . ”
They ’d be a little bit more colorful than that .
They ’d say , “ I ’m gonna go in there today for my meeting , and by God , I ’m gonna tell him what ’s going wrong and what he needs to do .
And by God , he needs to hear it from me ‘ cause he ’s not hearin ’ it from anybody else .
I ’m gonna go in there and tell him what for . ”
I ’d escort them into the Oval Office , and they ’d say , “ Mr. President , you ’re lookin ’ damn pretty today . ”
Really .
Because [ the Oval Office ] is so powerful , and as a result so confining and limiting , you want people to have the ability to walk in and say , “ Here ’s what I believe . ”
And in order to get that , you ’ve got to have people not worried about , “ You know what ?
If I say something somebody ’s gonna leak it to the Washington Post and make me look like an idiot tomorrow . ”
You do n’t want people to say , “ You know what , if I say that , how ’s it going to look on the front page of the New York Times ? ”
You want people to have respect for each other and have the ability to say , “ I disagree , ” and you want to have the ability for the president to get that kind of advice and not worry about having anything leaked to the newspapers .
You have people leaking left and right , and you ’ve got people pulling their punches .
And the last place that anybody needs to pull a punch is in the Oval Office .
The freedom of the press should not be allowed and should not be required [ to give ] such transparency to the policy process that that policy process is stifled in its operation .
One in an occasional series of excerpts from public lectures in Southern California .
Dear Cecil : I 've heard and read stories about musicians , specifically hand drummers , pissing blood after playing a particularly tough or long set .
The great Armando Peraza , Santana 's longtime bongo and conga player , told an interviewer : " Playing percussion for Carlos you had to be able to play hard , non -stop for sometimes up to three straight hours , and play loud enough to be heard over the electric instruments .
A lot of times I played so hard that I would piss blood after the shows .
Santana gigs were an endurance test of the highest order . "
What would the connection be here ?
Can blood really get into the urine through this kind of physical exertion ?
James
Cecil replies :
Music is a brutal business , James : String and keyboard players can suffer from focal dystonia .
Saxophone and clarinet players develop disorders of the temporomandibular joint .
At least one guitarist , Terry Balsamo of the metal act Evanescence , apparently gave himself a stroke by head - banging onstage .
And hand drummers risk rhabdomyolysis , the disorder you refer to .
Typically it ’s not blood they ’re seeing in their urine , though — it ’s muscle .
Rhabdomyolysis occurs when muscle cells are damaged to the extent that they break down in the body , releasing into the bloodstream several substances , including a protein called myoglobin that ’s excreted in the urine ( if you ’re lucky ) and imparts the reddish brown color .
The condition is sometimes called “ crush injury syndrome . ”
Some of the first recorded cases were seen during the London blitz in World War II , resulting from the battering people took when they were trapped inside collapsing buildings .
It ’s also found in the victims of earthquakes — after the 1988 Armenian quake more than 1,000 cases were reported — and auto accidents .
Some less typical cases have evidently been caused by lightning , centrifugal pilot training , CPR compressions , riding a mechanical bull , being attacked by a wolf , and taking advice from goons .
( See Springer , B. L. , and P. M. Clarkson , “ Two Cases of Exertional Rhabdomyolysis Precipitated by Personal Trainers , ” Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise , Vol. 35 , No. 9 , pp. 1499 –1502 , 2003 . )
Not all cases involve trauma , though .
The condition is also associated with alcoholism , use of cocaine and other controlled substances , and in rare cases with statins , the ubiquitous drugs used to control cholesterol .
Dehydration and abnormally acidic urine seem to make one more susceptible .
Rhabdomyolysis gets serious in about a third of all cases , when the broken - down muscle remnants reach the kidneys in sufficient quantity to block and injure the renal tubules .
Kidney damage and sometimes permanent failure can result .
Besides the discoloration of urine , symptoms include stiffness , tenderness , and weakness of muscles .
The overall prognosis is good if you get to the doctor quickly — which is the thing to do in any case of funky - colored urine , given the many bad things it can indicate .
( If you think rhabdomyolysis is a drag , you do n’t want to overlook acute intermittent porphyria . )
The doc will likely recommend ceasing the causal activity ( duh ) , increasing hydration ( with intravenous liquids containing sodium bicarbonate to make the urine more alkaline ) , and treatment for kidney failure , including dialysis , if necessary .
Hand drumming is a well - known cause of rhabdomyolysis .
A detailed study of Carnaval drummers in Uruguay found that 18 out of 26 turned in abnormal urine specimens after prolonged playing : six samples were rust - colored , and eight contained minute levels of blood , a sign of renal trouble .
We recently spoke with one rhabdomyolysis victim , Alan Tauber of the Boston drumming school the DrumConnection , who said he contracted a serious case after several months of intense practice for a performance before the president of Senegal .
He had seen the symptoms a few times before , but this time he was much sicker .
After two weeks of passing cola - colored urine , he started to experience dizziness and fever and wound up spending five days in the hospital .
“ When I grew up in the drumming community , ” Tauber told us , “ blood in your urine was considered to be a rite of passage , and was surrounded with a mystique — that is , when you got it , it meant you knew you had ‘ arrived , ’ and the spirit had entered you . ”
Given that Tauber temporarily lost 80 percent of his kidney function , he ’s probably lucky the spirit did n’t exit him .
Dear Cecil :
I would like to know if the end of the world can be predicted ?
And if so , when will it be ?
— Zellie
Cecil replies :
Of course the end of the world can be predicted .
Watch this :
The world will end next Thursday at four o’clock in the morning .
See ?
Now , if you want an accurate prediction , that ’s more of a trick .
Partly it depends on what you mean by “ end . ”
If what you have in mind is physical destruction of the planet , that will occur when the sun explodes , which is too far off for me to get anxious about .
If you mean the end of life as we know it … Zellie , do n’t you read the news ?
You ’d better get comfortable with the idea that the world has already ended , and we ’re like cartoon characters who ’ve run off a cliff , a sick grin on our faces , our legs bicycling in the air .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
# 768409 +( 3702 ) - [ X ] < Scotty >
Oh my fucking God .
I just spent the best 20 dollars of my life .
On a bet , anyway .
< Scotty >
After school , me and my friends went to the drug store .
< Scotty >
And my friend brought a box of condoms to the counter .
< Scotty >
And she scanned them .
< Scotty >
And he acted like he did n't have enough money .
< Scotty >
He was like , " Shit , I 'll be right back . "
< Scotty >
So he puts the condoms back , and comes back with a bag of rubber bands in one hand and a box of plastic wrap in the other .
< Scotty >
Oh my fucking God
< Scotty >
Until the day I die
< Scotty >
I will never forget that lady 's face .
< DanT > haha
< Scotty >
Best bet I 've ever lost .
Of the thousand ’s of buildings in Chicago , I ’d like to single out The Montgomery as one of my favorite buildings .
The once corporate headquarters for Montgomery Wards Catalog Company is now a 28 - story , 245 - unit residential tower in Chicago ’s emerging and posh River North neighborhood .
An Icon of Modernism
Montgomery Wards Company originally built their 26 story high - rise in 1972 as a corporate headquarters , on Chicago Avenue just east of the Chicago River .
Things were looking up for Wards at the time and they made a huge statement by hiring Minoru Yamasaki , the Japanese - American architect who was also working on the World Trade Center at the time .
Yamasaki ’s ground - breaking design was considered structurally & visually innovative at the time .
The rectangular structure was designed to have wide open floors uninterrupted by walls , so its support columns were sited in the center of the building and its corners were braced with massive concrete walls skinned in travertine marble , which remains today as one of its signature details .
An Amazing Renovation
The building has since undergone an intense renovation to residential condos through the collaborative efforts of Skidmore , Owings & Merrill and Pappageorge / Haymes .
They created a mirror - like wall of blue - green tinted windows & brushed aluminum framing anchored by the white travertine marble corners .
With this intense combination , The Montgomery commands a city skyline presence with its modern lines .
Additionally , they reconfigured the elevators for greater efficiency , added balconies to the east and west facades , and built a very unique glass parking helix .
The first residential units were offered in 2005 .
The units range in size from 1 to 4 bedrooms , have 10.5 ′ ceilings on the first 25 floors , 16 ′ ceilings on the 26th floor and 12′ to 27 ′ ceilings on the 27th and 28th floors ( you read that right ) .
The luxury common amenities include a concierge , rooftop zen garden , state - of - the - art fitness center , private dog run , enclosed bicycle storage room , storage lockers , dry cleaners , community room , 24 - hour doorman and on - site management , and restaurant on the first floor .
Stunning Lobby
Setting the stage for the building ’s modern asthetic , Darcy Bonner master - minded the stunning re-design of the 4,000 sqft lobby with 30 ′
ceilings to create its glass canopy entrance .
A glass wall underscores a narrow reflecting pool organizing the space into the lobby and mail room .
Bonner used luxurious finishes , such as Wenge paneling , travertine marble , oversized upholstered velour furniture , lighting
fixtures ( all custom Bonner designs ) to give the space intimacy and warmth .
The lobby has become the gateway to modern luxury in this building .
Many savvy Chicago fasionistas regard The Montgomery as an icon for modern living and the most significant , desirable high - rise in River North .
Those who have put down roots in The Montgomery are design savvy Chicagoans that include noted designers , dealers , and art collectors .
The Montgomery has become an icon for modern living .
It ’s easy to fall into two traps when it comes to doing our best work : 1 ) we can either be too critical about what we ’re not doing or 2 ) we can know that we need to do something but not be quite sure what we need to do .
Either state is counterproductive .
I ’ll start with the first .
To be human and creative is to constantly dream up a bunch of cool ideas to do .
Unfortunately , our ability to dream is not coupled with the ability to do everything we dream up — yet we often forget that as we ’re writing things down on our ToDo lists .
And those items that make it to the list but do n’t get done , in time , morph into hairy , warty , and growing - by - the - day frogs that require catching .
The second trap is a bit more complicated , but it has to do mostly with how we work .
It ’s often the case that we find jobs or other work that allows us to manage our own time or do our creative stuff in the time we own .
And those periods can carry the same terror for us as a blank screen can for writers — they ’re filled with so many possibilities that it ’s hard to focus on any one thing and get going .
So , on the one hand , we overcommit ourselves and get frustrated .
On the other , we do n’t commit ourselves and do n’t have a clear idea of what we need to be doing .
The middle ground is clearly where we want to be , but how do we get there ?
The Important Things We Do Fall into Create , Connect , and Consume Buckets
The important stuff that we need to do falls within three broad categories .
We need to create something .
We need to connect with people .
And we need to take in and digest information — we need to consume .
I used to describe what we need to do using breath metaphors : you ca n’t breathe in and breathe out at the same time .
Taking in information is breathing in , and creating something is breathing out .
The reason I liked this metaphor is that it helps us think about how off - balance we are .
Consider how much of our lives we spend in school , in training , or just reading the works of other people , when what we need to do is take that information and output something .
There ’s a balance in the rhythm of breathing , just as there should be a balance in the intake and output of information .
Where the metaphor breaks down , though , is that connecting with people is not something that should be squeezed in in the leftover time .
True , meaningful connections with people happen only when we take the time to invest in those relationships and people , and we ca n’t do that as a byproduct of creating or consuming .
We all know this on some level , yet it ’s both too easy to forget and hard to put on a list , so we leave connecting with people to chance , habits , and history .
Chance , habits , and history do n’t create meaning ; intentions ( and following through on those intentions ) make meaning .
Though I ’ve presented these as discrete categories , the reality is that it ’s possible to connect with people while you ’re creating and / or consuming .
For instance , making the deliberate choice to watch a movie with someone and being fully with them while watching is a way to both connect and consume .
Working on a collaborative project that all parties enjoy and find meaningful is a way to connect while creating .
Be real with this one , though ; it ’s far too easy to try to add one category to the other without asking whether you ’re fostering the connection or are merely just there .
Using the Create , Connect , and Consume Categories to Prioritize Your Work
Knowing that we have only those three categories of things that we actually need to do makes it easier on the day - to - day level to figure out what we need to be doing .
And the fact that they ’re all qualitative helps us get over the tendency to beat ourselves up — there ’s not a list of things to do per se , as much as a meaningful metric we can use to evaluate our day .
We can also use the categories to help us set priorities for the day .
We know on a gut level which component we need to be working on , and as we become more self - aware , we know what we ’re capable of doing .
There are some times in which we ca n’t be creative but we do have the energy and desire to connect with people .
There are times when we do n’t have it in us to either create or connect .
And there are times when all we want to do is create .
At the same time , though , we ca n’t leave all of this stuff to fate ; and this is especially true with connecting with people since they have their own lives and time .
This is the point behind the heatmapping ideas : grab the reins of your creativity by learning how to figure out the trends in your days and weeks — trust me , they ’re there — so that you can plan around when you ’re going to be able to do what you need to do .
If you ’re especially creative from 9:30 am – 11:30 am , that time block is probably not the best time to be consuming .
If you ’re dead past 4:00 pm , do n’t plan your creative work for that time .
But while you ’re at this planning stuff , do n’t leave your Connecting time to your dead time .
Do n’t give the people you love and enjoy being with what ’s left over .
They deserve the best parts of you , too .
I ’ll use my priorities as an example of what I mean by using the categories to prioritize your day .
In general , my default daily priorities are Create , Connect , and Consume , in that order .
I have a lot of projects to complete — a dissertation , some information products , etc. — and the only way they ’re going to get done is if they ’re my first priority .
I ’ve discussed this with the people I connect with , and they understand and agree with these priorities .
Then comes the connections , both online and offline .
Consuming gets what ’s left over , but in reality , I consume throughout the day anyway ; I ’m going to do that one way or the other , although I ’m now better about asking myself whether it fits in with what I need to be doing .
Converting the Create , Connect , Consume Categories into Action Items
Of course , knowing that you should be connecting ( for example ) is helpful only if you can connect that up with something you can actually do .
Here ’s where the rubber hits the road .
Develop a list ( I know , yet another list ) of action items that relate to those three categories .
For example , logging onto Twitter can be a great way to connect with people .
So can reading blogs with the intention to comment rather than just read .
Or see how your friends are doing .
Do a similar thing for consuming and creating .
What counts ?
What does n’t ?
Are there some activities that you can do that are synergistic , i.e. , both creating and connecting ?
It may help if you see this like building a deck of cards .
You may have a Create deck , a Connect deck , and a Consume deck .
They should all be things that are actually important to you .
Then you can use the deck in one of two ways .
The first way is probably the optimal way : put the things on your calendar and do them .
It does n’t matter whether it ’s “ personal ” or “ work ” or whatever — put it on there .
It takes the guessing game out of the equation and helps solve the “ I should be doing something but do n’t know what ” problem .
The second way is more intuitive and less structured , but it still has its place : use the decks either during those times that are unscheduled or when your schedule does n’t match what you ’re able to do .
The reality is that sometimes you ca n’t or would rather not do what you planned to do during a certain time , for instance , if your kids get sick and had to stay home from school , there ’s no amount of discipline that ’s going to allow you to both take care of them and do that creative project you had planned .
But you may be able to read during that time … or catch up with your friends … or do something else you had on your deck .
The decks , then , help solve the “ I was supposed to do that and did n’t ” problem .
Sure , you may not have written that chapter of your book , but you still rolled with things and managed to do some other things that were really important .
Still No Free Lunch
A pitfall to watch out for is always deferring the things you do n’t want to do for the things you actually do want to do .
For instance , you may know you need to Create but instead decide to Connect , not because you ca n’t create , but because you ’d rather not for one reason or another .
If this deferral becomes a habit , you may be further ahead because you ’ve done some other important stuff , but it ’s not really solving the problem .
Truth be told , though , there ’s no productivity system or bunch of creative tricks or tips that will help you with the continual deferring problem .
You ’ll have to have the discipline or fortitude to either stick with doing those things when they ’re hard to do or quit them and take them out of your deck .
Do them or do n’t do them , but get the hell out of the middle so you can have some peace .
The other thing to remember is that you can only really do one thing at a time .
If you ’re doing a Create task , do that task until it ’s done .
Do n’t bounce around between three or four Create tasks and a few Connect tasks sandwiched between some Consume tasks ( yes , I ’m looking at you , Twitizens – # twitter AA ) .
Do it , complete it , and move on .
( Tweet this . )
Rinse and repeat a few times , then call it a day .
The point of all this is to get you out of trying to figure out what you need to do when you should be doing it .
There ’s a time to plan and review ( a Weekly Review , perhaps ? ) and a time to do and hopefully , thinking about some of this helps you develop a system that works for you .
And in case you ’re wondering , this is one of my Create tasks for the day .
Thanks for consuming it !
Taking it to the next level : Can each aspect of our beings — the physical , emotional , mental , social , and spiritual — be viewed this way , too ?
During The Pirate Bay trial , the music industry placed the blame for the decline in their revenues squarely on the shoulders of file - sharers .
Their logic is clearly flawed , but it could sway the verdict if no alternative explanation is presented .
So , if piracy is n't to blame , then what is * actually * killing the music industry ?
According to Per Sundin , CEO of Universal Music , the decline in music revenues in the past 8 years can be fully attributed to ( read : blamed on ) illegal file sharing .
If this were actually true , many of us might even respect his decision to go after pirates as fiercely as the music industry is doing right now .
However , the past 8 years have seen a lot more changes in the landscape of home entertainment than Per Sundin would like to admit , and some of those changes have had a massive impact on music profitability — much more so than any amount of piracy .
Let us refresh our memories and take a look at what actually happened during and just before the past 8 years :
1. First , the explosive rise of computer and console gaming .
This competitive ‘ third element ’ has appeared in the entertainment landscape , beaten both music and movies to the curb and taken a huge cut out of the music industry ’s revenues .
Consumers do n’t have infinitely - deep pockets , and billions of ‘ recreation dollars ’ that used to go almost exclusively to music , are now going into gaming .
2. International trade agreements have allowed consumers to buy their music across borders , rather than accepting local prices on music based on the ‘ relative wealth ’ of nations , rather than the actual value of the product .
3 . New forms of distributable media , most notably MP3s but also CDs , have become mainstream .
These new media do n’t degrade over time and rarely break at all , making music rebuys a thing of the past , and allowing the second - hand market for music to thrive and expand – both of which take a cut out of the music industry ’s former revenues .
4. Radical technological innovation has taken place in the field of music creation , processing , mixing , and mastering .
Recording hardware , CD burners , music software , and media encoders have evolved to the point where most artists can actually afford decent - quality equipment to do their own recording and producing .
Furthermore , this has fostered literally thousands of smaller , specialized studios that are challenging the ‘ Big 4 ’ with lower prices , better terms for artists , genre - specific expertise , etc .
Successful artists can now leave the big labels and start their own recording outfits on relatively modest budgets .
Naturally , super stars like The Beatles or Frank Sinatra have always had this option , but the recent technological advances have lowered the bar drastically .
This development is depriving the ‘ Big 4 ’ of many of their former cash cows , who now use the major labels for their advertising and distribution infrastructure alone .
5 . The World Wide Web has become an omnipresent force in the world , allowing cheap , end - to - end distribution of digital music , increasingly cutting out the corporate music distributors , who deal in trucks and CD covers , rather than bytes and bandwidth .
With iTunes leading the way ( very successfully ‘ competing with free ’ , I might add ) , billions of songs are now purchased digitally rather than physically , no longer necessitating the big labels ’ distribution networks .
6 . The total number of radio stations , music television networks and other ‘ streaming ’ sources of music has grown exponentially , giving music fans a huge selection of free ( and legal ) music options .
Satellite radio , DAB , and internet radio broadcasts have made it trivial for consumers to simply tune into a channel broadcasting the exact sub - genre of music that they feel like listening to ( they can even have a stream created for them dynamically , e.g. on Pandora ) , making the * purchase * of music entirely optional for the casual listener .
7 . A massive selection of entertainment alternatives ( home computing , console gaming , mobile devices , etc. ) have appeared in the home , effectively marginalizing music as an activity .
15 - 20 years ago , youths would regularly visit each other just to listen to music together ; today , that is virtually unthinkable without some form of activity involved , such as playing Guitar Hero or Rock Band , or dancing at a concert .
8 . And finally , the music industry itself has embraced the opportunities of digital media , at last letting consumers buy * single * tracks at a time rather than forcing entire albums full of ‘ fillers ’ on them .
Looking at the RIAA ’s own sales figures for the past 10 years , there is a * direct * correlation between the break - off in album sales and the introduction and increase in single track digital sales .
Looking at the actual numbers , it is abundantly clear that the vast majority of consumers never wanted to buy full albums in the first place , but were merely forced to by the lack of affordable single - track media .
Now that the digital revolution has arrived , countless millions of 16 - track album sales are being turned into 1 - or 2 - track sales , * decimating * the former revenues on music .
THIS is the real reason why the music industry is hurting .
In other words :
The “ it ’s common sense ” argument that the music industry is peddling in their attempt to tie the declining revenues to piracy , simply does n’t hold .
It is not as clear - cut as the industry believes ; the true reason for the decline is something they are still unwilling to face , but will have to face sooner or later :
The fact is that the music industry ’s revenues have been artificially inflated for decades because of limited consumer options .
The last 15 years of innovation have lifted those limitations , effectively leaving the music industry with an obsolete , defective business model of monopolized production technology , forced album bundling , and almost nonexistent competition in the realm of home entertainment .
What is happening now – the decline of music profits and the piracy witch hunt by the music industry – is merely the panicked struggle of a dying business model , a complacent industry ’s refusal to accept its diminishing role in a digital world .
The pirates are not the reason , and the decline is the not the disease .
It is the cure .
This is a guest post by Jens Roland .
Jens is a computer scientist by training , but a technology forecaster by trade .
He has worked at international think tanks as a consultant and researcher in emerging technologies and has written more than 300 articles and a book on the subject .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————-
DATA : Net value of shipped music , in billion dollars
1991 7.83
1992 9.02
1993 10.0
1994 12.1
1995 12.3
1996 12.5
1997 12.2
1998 13.7
1999 14.6
2000 14.3
2001 13.7
2002 12.6
2003 11.9
2004 12.3
2005 12.3
2006 11.8
2007 10.4
( source : RIAA ’s annual reports )
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan ( CNN ) --
Seventeen people were killed Friday evening in two U.S. missile strikes in Pakistan 's tribal region , said one government and two military officials .
They are the first such strikes since President Obama took office Tuesday .
Both hits were near the Afghan border , said local political official Nasim Dawar .
The Pakistani military sources asked not to be named because they are not authorized to release such information .
Do n't Miss Security guards die intercepting car bomber
The first strike , which killed 10 people , occurred about 5:15 p.m. ( 7:15 a.m. ET ) in a village near Mir Ali in North Waziristan , the officials said .
Seven people died in the second hit at 7:30 p.m. ( 9:30 a.m. ET ) near Wana , the major town in South Waziristan , 17 miles ( 27 kilometers ) from Afghanistan , they said .
There has been no immediate response from U.S. officials .
The Pakistan military 's top spokesman called the attacks , which he said were by pilotless drones , " counterproductive , " because they undercut his country 's efforts to oust militants from the ungoverned tribal areas .
" It helps us in no way conducting our operations , " Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas told CNN .
" We are trying to create to wean away the tribe at large from the militant component of the tribe .
But it diminishes the line which divides the militant component and the tribe at large . "
Abbas said , " We face much more difficulty as a result of drone strikes , and we have conveyed our position on that " to the United States .
Former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf , interviewed on CNN's " The Situation Room , " repeated that public opinion in his country is strongly against the strikes on Pakistan territory .
Watch Musharraf 's exclusive interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer »
Musharraf was asked whether he is comfortable with the continuation of the attacks , even with a new U.S. president in place .
" As far as this issue of the new president , President Obama , having taken over and this continuing ...
I 've always been saying that policies do n't change with personalities .
" Policies have national interests , and policies depend on an environment . "
The former leader added that he believes the environment and national interests of the United States " are the same .
North and South Waziristan are among seven districts in Pakistan 's ungoverned tribal region , where the Taliban and other militants have sought haven .
The region has seen a sharp spike in the number of aerial attacks by unmanned drones on what are believed to be Taliban targets .
The United States has the only military with drones operating in the area .
In 2008 , there were 30 suspected U.S. missile strikes in Pakistan , based on a CNN count .
On New Year 's Day , two top al Qaeda terrorists were killed by a U.S. missile strike against a building in northern Pakistan , according to two senior U.S. officials .
The men , both Kenyans , were on the FBI 's Most Wanted Terrorist list , one of the officials said , and were believed to have been responsible for the September suicide bombing at an Islamabad hotel .
CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .
All About Al Qaeda • Afghanistan • Pakistan
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
January 17 , 2009
“ People do n’t remember what fascism was , I am afraid .
A lot of people think , especially here in the U.S. where people are ignorant , people believe that fascism is a purely top down phenomenon , ” author Webster Griffin Tarpley told the Dutch journalist Daan de Wit during an interview on May 11 , 2008 .
“ Fascism is the march on Rome ; fascism is the storm troopers fighting in the streets .
It is a gutter and street level movement ; it is a grass roots movement that has anti-authoritarian cover , anti-parliamentary , anti-congress cover .
It has left cover .
Mussolini of course was a revolutionary socialist and a lot of people in his movement were left wingers , you now , extreme trade union activists , syndicalists and stuff like this . ”
The Marxist Leon Trotsky understood this .
Speaking of German and Italian fascism , Trotsky said fascism requires “ a great deal of socialist demagogy .
This is necessary for the creation of the mass movement .
The genuine basis ( for fascism ) is the petty bourgeoisie .
In Italy , it has a very large base — the petty bourgeoisie of the towns and cities , and the peasantry .
In Germany , likewise , there is a large base for fascism . ”
Mussolini ’s fascist mass movement did not consist primarily of “ petty bourgeoisie ” followers as Trotsky seems to indicate , but had a large number of more affluent middle and upper class followers as well , an important and indeed required element due to the fact fascism is not a truly revolutionary ideology but one that preserves the socioeconomic status quo at all costs under the cover of revolution .
As the communist political theorist Antonio Gramsci correctly noted , fascism represents the “ Caesarism ” of the ruling elite .
( It should be noted that Gramsci was arrested by Mussolini and interned at Regina Coeli , the famous Roman prison . )
In order for the banksters and ruling elite behind Obama to realize their political agenda and wipe out all effective opposition in the process , the Obama mass movement — initially described as merely a grassroots political movement organized to get Obama elected — will now become “ Obama 2.0 , ” or officially “ Organizing for America , ” a “ new group … that aims to continue the grassroots advocacy that the former Illinois Senator began in his presidential campaign , ” according to the Washington Post .
The new group will work within the Democratic National Committee — led by Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine — to advance the Obama agenda .
“ President - elect Obama has laid the foundation to meet the great challenges facing our nation , but we can succeed only if we build grassroots support for the administration ’s agenda , ” said Kaine in a release announcing the formation of Organizing for America .
The new group had been long expected within Obama ’s inner circle and , although no details on how it would be staffed were released by the transition office today , it is expected that longtime Obama loyalists will be placed in charge — following the blueprint set out at the DNC .
In the above , simply trade “ grassroots ” for “ mass movement ” and you will have a better idea of what is going on .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
As Tarpley notes in Obama – the Postmodern Coup , “ the banking establishment ( Trilateral , Bilderberger , CFR , etc. ) appears determined to play the card of mass mobilization through the so - called Obama movement . ”
Not only will this “ notable shift in strategy and tactics … require the synthesis of a new form of mass demagogy ” and a new ideology ( in essence , the same old ideology repackaged ) for the sake of the neoliberal globalist agenda of foreign wars in the name of corporate domination , it will also require an authoritarian clampdown on domestic opposition .
“ Obama could , ” Tarpley writes , “ deploy his lemming legions in the form of a postmodern fascist mass movement , making political resistance to his regime inside the United States a very difficult enterprise . ”
Americans no longer read and learn from history and this will lead to their downfall .
As numerous historians note , including Tarpley , fascism begins as a mass movement covertly sponsored by the bankers and produces a system destined to crush all individuality .
“ As in the writings of Mussolini ’s ideologue , Giovanni Gentile , or the ravings of Michael Ledeen , the aspirations of the individual are rigidly subordinated to the exigencies of the regime , ” Tarpley warns .
Addendum
According to the Center for Responsive Politics , “ executives of finance , insurance and real estate companies and their family members ” are footing a large part of the inaugural bill .
“ Top donors from the world of high finance included George Soros , Ronald Perelman and David Shaw , the center said . ”
“ While Americans are hoping for real change in Washington , many deep - pocketed donors are hoping money still buys them access and influence , ” said Sheila Krumholz , executive director of the non-partisan money - in - politics watchdog group .
Unfortunately .
Ms. Krumholz is clueless — “ deep - pocketed donors ” not only have access , they in fact own the government lock , stock , and barrel .
It is not an exaggeration to claim that über - billionaire George Soros owns the Democrat party , as Saturday Night Live proffered as a joke back in October .
Obama has met repeatedly with the “ liberal ” Soros — as the neocons and faux conservatives foolishly call him — and the globalist fixer has lined up crucial support and fundraisers with the likes of Jim Torrey , Brian Mathis , Jamie Rubin , Orin Kramer , Paul Tudor Jones , Edgar Bronfman , Jr. , and Steven Gluckstern of Soro ’s globalist Democracy Alliance , among influential and criminal others ( see How Soros Financed Obama ’s Campaign ) .
You may remember Ronald Perelman , at one time billed as the richest man in America — he made billions on the stooped back of the average chump taxpayer .
In 1988 , “ the First Gibraltar Bank was merged with four failing S&Ls and sold to Ronald Perelman ( at the time , the fifth richest man in America ) .
Perelman and his partners paid just $ 315 million for $ 7.1 billion in good assets ; the government then gave them $ 5.1 billion to cover bad assets , plus $ 900 million in tax breaks .
In the first year Perelman et al. owned it , Gibraltar made a profit of $ 129 million and got an additional $ 121 million in tax breaks , ” write Mark Zepezauer and Arthur Naiman ( The S & L Bailout : $ 32 billion every year for 30 years ) .
David Shaw is a dwarf by way of comparison , a mere “ venture capitalist ” in pharmaceuticals , who is married to actress Glenn Close and spends time rubbing elbows over at the Council on Foreign Relations .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
WARNING : 25 Outrageous & Lame Gifts You Should NEVER Get Your Girlfriend
Unfortunately most guys leave their Valentine ’s Day gift shopping until the absolute last minute available .
That means they usually end up getting their girlfriend the old box - o - chocolates stand - by , exorbantly over - priced flowers or some crappy stuffed animal in varying shades of blinding red and pink .
Does this sound like you ?
If it does , boy do you have some making up to do this Valentine ’s Day .
Since you must have some other ‘ special ’ talents that make it possible for you to keep a girlfriend but you are a little pathetic in the shopping department , we have compiled a list of off - limit items for you .
No matter how cute or romantic you think anything is on this list , this is your warning to save you from the inevitable dumping you have coming soon .
Price : Free
It does n’t matter what you choose from their large virtual selection of flowers , jewelry , cars or vacations .
No matter what you pick you will look like the cheapest tool alive .
Price : $ 3.49
Your girlfriend has been hinting for diamonds so do n’t disappoint her by buying her this ‘ diamond ’ key ring .
I bet that fake diamond can do of lot of damage to your face once she throws it in yours .
Price : $ 4.99
This really seems like a gift for you .
It looks like a lightly veiled excuse to get her gnawing on your naughty parts .
Even if she falls for your ploy I bet that high - quality gummy substance will have her gagging in 30 seconds flat or leave you feeling sticky like you just did something bad in your pants .
Price :
It ’s homemade so it ’s cheap ( oh , and it looks cheap too )
Lot ’s of girls like homemade artsy crafty stuff but they do n’t really appreciate the effort until they get old and become a Mom .
So if you are hoping to get lucky this Valentine ’s do n’t even bother breaking out your drill or paints , your chick wants you to buy something with cold , hard cash .
http://www.metacafe.com/watch/877958/
Price : $ 13.49
If you were considering a real portable fireplace , well , that ’s pretty romantic .
But you must be a close relative of the baboon family if you think you are going to get any brownie points with this gift .
Seriously , she will be under - whelmed at best by this moronic attempt at romance .
Price : $ 14.99
Who does n’t like pizza ?
I mean c’mon , you probably had some cold pizza for breakfast this morning , did n’t you ?
That ’s the problem .
Pizza is just too ‘ everyday ’ .
Not only do you look like you picked this up at the last minute ( which you did ) , it also proves that you put absolutely no thought whatsoever into getting her a Valentine ’s Day gift .
But if you like eating your pizza in the doghouse , then go right ahead .
Price : $ 15.00 – $ 48.00
In the name of all that is good and green what in the hell were the folks in Thailand thinking when they made these roses out of elephant poop ?
I do n’t care how much your girlfriend wants to save the rain forests ; she will not appreciate any type of gift made out of recycled poop .
Price : Sometimes free but usually available from the SPCA for the price of their shots
I know you think that kittens and puppies look really cute and cuddly but they are actually more work then you think .
And what happens if she starts resenting you for giving her all this extra responsibility that she never asked for , or worse , she starts letting it sleep in the bed and she fusses over it more than you .
Price : $ 28.00
I know the words ‘ diamond ’ and ‘ gold ’ appear in the description , but believe me when I say she does not want any cheap - ass 1/10 - carat diamond or discount gold - plated pendant .
And she especially does not want anything you bought at Wal - Mart .
Price : $ 28.00 for the set
These adorable t- shirts may seem like a great idea at first and they will definitely let everyone know that she is your girl .
But seriously … are either of you really going to want to wear these in public ?
Price : $ 19.95
First of all , this thing is damn ugly no matter what color you choose and secondly , how the hell are you going to sneak your hand up under her sweater while you snuggle on the couch if she has this stupid thing on ?
Price : $ 54.99 – $ 74.99
See above comments dumb-ass .
Price : $ 35.00 for the set
This may seem like the perfect thing for those long , romantic walks in the brisk air but c’mon , how often do you forge out into the cold under the pretense of going on a lovely stroll ?
Besides , what happens when your hands get all sweaty and she does n’t want to hold them anymore ?
She is left wearing one over - sized , drafty mitten and you are left with one lame red mitten and one freezing hand .
Varying Prices
Basically what you are saying is that Valentine ’s Day is not going to be any better than any other day spent with you .
If this is the best that you can do you are lucky to even have a girlfriend .
Price : 9 cookies for $ 61.00
You may think that nothing says ‘ I love you ’ like baked goods .
But did you know that according to a study by Nutrition Journal 83 % of college women diet no matter how much they weigh ?
Now brainiac , leave the cookies alone .
Price : $ 49.99 – $ 349.99 depending on the appliance
Getting your girlfriend something pink that also supports a good cause like Breast Cancer Research just seems like a winner .
But , as soon as you enter the word appliance into the mix you have a recipe for disaster .
Basically , you ’ve just given her housework in a box .
Maybe she should get you that weed whacker you ’ve been wishing for .
Prices : Custom Package – $ 54.00
Deluxe Package – $ 109.95
Ultimate Package – $ 154.95
You love your girl up to the stars and back but naming a star after her is a little over - the - top .
Plus , how is she supposed to show it off to her girlfriends ?
… “ No , you ’re looking in the wrong spot , it ’s the shiny one over there . ”
Price : $ 129.99
Earlier we mentioned that lots of women diet on a regular basis , so now you are thinking that the WiiFit is a great idea .
WRONG .
Any type of exercising device will immediately make her assume that you think she is fat .
Even if she is , you better not let her know or those deadly curves she ’s got will be off - limits to your scrawny ass .
Price : $ 149.99 for the panda
If you get her a huge stuffed animal she is most likely going to set it on her bed .
Then when you go over to her place to get a little somethin’ , somethin ’ she ’ll take it off her bed and put it on the chair next to it .
Next thing you know , you feel like it is staring at you , judging you , mocking your performance .
That ca n’t go anywhere good .
Price : $ 105 – 125.00 + travel costs
A Singing Telegram has the potential to be a big hit for everyone at the office except for your girlfriend .
Her probable embarrassment and humiliation in front of her co-workers should be enough of a deterrent but if you need more reasons , thoughts of her vengeful wrath should keep you away from this likely disaster .
Prices Vary
Not every personal billboard has to announce someone ’s impending divorce , you could also rent one to announce your love to the world .
However , if you really love her you ’d get her something she could pawn after your break - up instead of something she ’ll talk about for hours on end to her therapist .
Price : $ 800 – $ 1100
Unless your girlfriend wears size 4 or less , you should not be getting her lingerie for Valentine ’s Day .
But if you like to balance on that high - wire of love and boldly go where others have failed , at least avoid any lingerie that includes a GPS .
You may think it ’s cute and funny but I bet she thinks it ’s creepy and stalkerish .
Prices start at $ 1500
Do n’t be a moron .
If you ’ve got over $ 1500 to blow , then buy her some gorgeous jewelry , take her away to a nice country inn and spend the weekend in bed getting rewarded for your thoughtfulness * wink wink * .
2. Any Type of Ring In a Ringbox
Varying prices
Unless you are planning on popping the BIG question this Valentine ’s Day , any type of ring in a box is a serious mistake .
Once she sees that box she will be expecting one thing and one thing only .
She will either try to avoid opening it like the plague or pounce on it and rip it open only to discover that she is dating a dipwad .
Price : Usually between $ 80 – $ 120.00/hr
Did you know that the divorce rate in America is still documented at around 45 % – 50 % ?
Did you know that a tattoo is permanent ?
And I ’m not talking permanent marker that eventually comes off , I ’m talking about ink injected into your skin kind of permanent .
" The days when Putin could escape blame for everything that goes wrong are ending , " one army colonel said .
" People are angry with Serdyukov , but they are angry with Putin too . "
Are we the only ones who think that Hilariously Failed Attempts at Guinness World Records would make a better book ?
We believe we have much to learn from these brave souls who , through lack of planning and / or ability , set an example for all of us not to follow .
Advertisement
8 Coconut Breaking The Goal
To break a row of coconuts open as quickly as possible with his bare hands , thus proving once and for all man 's dominance over nature .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement What Went Wrong
Imagine if coconut breaking was your ultimate goal in life .
Practicing long and hard on the lesser , punier fruits , calculating the ideal point at which to hit a coconut for maximum destruction , trying to find someone who actually cared about your hobby ... these are all part of the trials that a coconut smasher faces in life .
Imagine the anticipation when the big day comes , when you finally get that chance to join the hallowed ranks of famed fruit and vegetable destroyers that Guinness has produced .
So you invite your friends and family to watch .
You get the TV cameras there to record your triumph .
You line up many , many coconuts ...
Continue Reading Below Advertisement ... And while you manage to break both your spirit and probably your hand , you break not a single coconut .
Lesson Learned Look , we know coconuts are n't free .
But when you try to set a record of some kind , you might want to , you know , practice doing it at least once .
And do n't practice on , say , rotten watermelons or eggplant .
Spring for a couple of real coconuts , and do a dry run before the cameras get there .
You 'll thank yourself later .
7 Sandwich Making Continue Reading Below Advertisement The Goal
To make the longest sandwich ever prepared , proving that they 're better at wasting food than anyone else .
What Went Wrong
The record to beat was 1,378 meters , set by a group of Italians .
To top that , an Iranian women 's organization assembled more than 1,000 cooks with the goal of creating a 1,500 - meter long sandwich .
Even with that many people at work , making the sandwich was a process that took hours .
The event drew quite a crowd , as watching people make large sandwiches is one of Iran 's most popular past times .
Do you know what happens to people when they 're either working or standing around in a crowd for a number of hours ?
They get hungry .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Making another compelling argument for why you should n't let strangers watch your record attempts , the observing crowd forced their way past the cooks and started eating the sandwich before its record length could be verified .
Reports of a Scooby Dooesque scene where the crowd chomped at one end of the sandwich while the cooks frantically tried to out - build them at the other remain unconfirmed .
Lesson Learned
When inviting a hungry crowd to a lengthy event that revolves around not eating , maybe you should provide a snack or two .
The canonical example is modeling a front lawn , whose grass may be wet because it rained or because the sprinkler was on .
Since our knowledge is not perfect , we allow for 10 % chance that the grass may be wet for some other reason .
Also , if the rain was light , the grass might have dried up by the time we observe it ; a sprinkler may too leave the grass dry if , say , water pressure was low .
We admit these possibilities , assigning them probabilities 10 % and 20 % , respectively .
Suppose we observe the grass is wet .
What are the chances it rained ?
The following is the model written as an OCaml program :
let grass_model ( ) = (* unit -> bool *) let rain = flip 0.3 and sprinkler = flip 0.5 in let grass_is_wet = ( flip 0.9 && rain ) || ( flip 0.8 && sprinkler ) || flip 0.1 in if not grass_is_wet then fail ( ) ; rain
rain
sprinkler
[ ( 0.3 , true ) ; ( 0.7 , false ) ]
rain
[ ( 0.5 , true ) ; ( 0.5 , false ) ]
sprinkler
grass_is_wet
fail ()
grass_model
unit-> bool
rain
sprinkler
grass_is_wet
flip
fail
run_model grass_model ; ; - : bool distrib = [ ( 0.322 , false ) ; ( 0.2838 , true ) ]
7/15
CBS is taking the iPhone where no iPhone has gone before .
Today , it released an iPhone application for its TV.com site that can play full episodes of TV series , ranging from “ C.S.I. ” to the original “ Star Trek . ”
While Hulu , a rival video site owned by NBC and Fox , has kept its content only for computers connected to the Web , CBS has been far more open with its own content .
All sorts of video have been on the iPhone from the beginning by way of its YouTube application and its ability to play podcasts ( which now can be downloaded over a wireless connection ) .
The application for the Joost service can play some episodes from CBS and other producers ’ series .
NBC tried a special Web site set up to stream episodes of a few of its series for the iPhone .
But the TV.com application appears to be the first with a lot of mainstream network content that can gain access to full episodes over both the cellular network and Wi-Fi .
My test of watching Spock confront a strange cube - like object in space was perfectly acceptable in quality while I was riding on the bus in New Jersey .
As a commuter , I ’ve seen a huge increase in the number of people watching video on various types of portable devices over the last year or two , particularly on their way home from work .
So I would n’t be surprised if the TV.com service finds an audience , particularly if CBS can promote it widely .
I think this is an important and provocative development .
Companies like Qualcomm have been developing special services for watching video on cellphones , like MediaFlo , using dedicated cellular bandwidth .
If people can watch what they want using regular data services , it will make those extra fee services a much harder sell than they already are .
Of course , if streaming video becomes common , it may put pressure on the capacity of the wireless networks , forcing the carriers to consider how they price data service and whether they continue to offer unlimited bandwidth .
But once people start using a service , it will be hard for carriers to cut it off .
Pressure will also be applied to NBC , Fox and ABC if the CBS programming becomes popular on the iPhone .
As much as the networks are afraid of losing control of their distribution and cutting out their affiliate stations , they are equally afraid of falling behind rivals and losing potential audience .
A police car has been set on fire by vandals as officers attended a public meeting in County Down .
The officers were invited to the meeting in Mayobridge on Wednesday night to discuss how to combat a rise in anti-social behaviour .
" Fortunately no one was injured in the blaze which could have spread and caused damage to life and property , " said area commander Sam Cordner .
The meeting was being held at the village 's youth and community centre .
" Once again a few in society , who do not want to progress , have attempted to destroy the stability of the community , " continued Mr Cordner .
" I strongly advise them that we will not tolerate their behaviour or be distracted from assisting the majority of the local community .
" I would also thank those people attending the meeting who assisted my officers . "
A police spokeswoman said she understood the officers attending the meeting managed to drive the vehicle back to their station .
South Down MP Eddie McGrady said it was the second attack on community facilities linked to policing in a matter of days .
" Just last Friday the Cnocnafeola Centre near Attical was damaged following a meeting of the District Policing Partnership , " the SDLP man said .
" The community wants to deal with important issues such as anti-social behaviour and they want to work in partnership with the PSNI .
" They will not be put off by petty acts of political vandalism . "
I am continually amazed how much better my code becomes after I 've had a peer look at it .
I do n't mean a formal review in a meeting room , or making my code open to anonymous public scrutiny on the internet , or some kind of onerous pair programming regime .
Just one brief attempt at explaining and showing my code to a fellow programmer – that 's usually all it takes .
This is , of course , nothing new .
Karl Wiegers ' excellent book Peer Reviews in Software : A Practical Guide has been the definitive guide since 2002 .
I do n't think anyone disputes the value of having another pair of eyes on your code , but there 's a sort of institutional inertia that prevents it from happening in a lot of shops .
In the chapter titled A Little Help from Your Friends , Karl explains :
Busy practitioners are sometimes reluctant to spend time examining a colleague 's work .
You might be leery of a coworker who asks you to review his code .
Does he lack confidence ?
Does he want you to do his thinking for him ?
" Anyone who needs his code reviewed should n't be getting paid as a software developer , " scoff some review resisters .
In a healthy software engineering culture , team members engage their peers to improve the quality of their work and increase their productivity .
They understand that the time they spend looking at a colleague 's work product is repaid when other team members examine their own deliverables .
The best software engineers I have known actively sought out reviewers .
Indeed , the input from many reviewers over their careers was part of what made these developers the best .
In addition to the above chapter , you can sample Chapter 3 ( pdf ) courtesy of the author 's own Process Impact website .
This is n't just feel - good hand waving .
There 's actual data behind it .
Multiple studies show code inspections are startlingly effective .
the average defect detection rate is only 25 percent for unit testing , 35 percent for function testing , and 45 percent for integration testing .
In contrast , the average effectiveness of design and code inspections are 55 and 60 percent .
So why are n't you doing code reviews ?
Maybe it 's because you have n't picked out a coding buddy yet !
Remember those school trips , where everyone was admonished to pick a buddy and stick with them ?
This was as much to keep everyone out of trouble as safe .
Well , the same rule applies when you 're building software .
Before you check code in , give it a quick once - over with your buddy .
Can you explain it ?
Does it make sense ?
Is there anything you forgot ?
I am now required by law to link to this cartoon .
Thank you , I 'll be here all week .
But seriously , this cartoon illustrates exactly the kind of broad reality check we 're looking for .
It does n't have to be complicated to be effective .
WTFs / minute is a perfectly acceptable unit of measurement to use with your coding buddy .
The XP community has promoted pair programming for years , but I think the buddy system is a far more practical way to achieve the same results .
Besides , who would n't want to be half of an awesome part - time coding dynamic duo ?
That 's way more exciting than the prospect of being shackled to the same computer with another person .
Think about all the other classic dynamic duos out there :
Batman and Robin
Tango and Cash
Lennon and McCartney
Cagney and Lacey
Mario and Luigi
Starsky and Hutch
Siegfried and Roy
Turner and Hooch
Abbott and Costello
Crockett and Tubbs
Jobs and Wozniak
Thelma and Louise
Bert and Ernie
Ponch and Jon
Hall and Oates
Cheech and Chong
Individuals can do great things , but two highly motivated peers can accomplish even more when they work together .
Surely there 's at least one programmer you work with who you admire or at least respect enough to adopt the buddy system with .
( And if not , you might consider changing your company . )
One of the great joys of programming is not having to do it alone .
So who 's your coding buddy ?
WASHINGTON — Fresh from orchestrating a historic victory , President Obama ’s campaign manager , David Plouffe , headed to the remote seaside town of Baku for a lucrative speech .
For Mr. Plouffe , it was a chance to pocket an easy $ 50,000 .
But for the authoritarian government of Azerbaijan , it was a chance to burnish the reputation of a harsh system headed by the son of a K.G.B. general .
An outcry forced Mr. Plouffe to donate the cash to pro-democracy groups in the former Soviet Union , but to some policy experts it spotlighted a shift in American attitudes toward advancing the cause of democracy abroad .
Mr. Plouffe did not intend to give succor to a despot , friends said , but evidently did not think to determine whether the supposed civic group forking over the money had ties to an anti-democratic regime .
Four years after President George W. Bush declared it the mission of America to spread democracy with the goal of “ ending tyranny in our world , ” his successor ’s team has not picked up the mantle .
Since taking office , neither Mr. Obama nor his advisers have made much mention of democracy - building as a goal .
While not directly repudiating Mr. Bush ’s grand , even grandiose vision , Mr. Obama appears poised to return to a more traditional American policy of dealing with the world as it is rather than as it might be .
The shift has been met with relief in Washington and much of the world , which never grew comfortable with Mr. Bush ’s missionary rhetoric , seeing it as alternately cynical or naïve .
But it also underlines a sharp debate in Democratic circles about the future of Mr. Bush ’s vision .
Idealists , for lack of a better word , agree that democracy - building should be a core American value but pursued with more modesty , less volume and better understanding of the societies in question .
The realists , on the other hand , are skeptical of assumptions that what works in America should necessarily be exported elsewhere , or that it should eclipse other American interests .
by Deb Ng
One question we ’re asked a lot here at BlogTalkRadio is where to find royalty - free or podsafe music to download ( and upload ) for BlogTalkRadio shows .
Many of our hosts enjoy playing music for their listeners , but do n’t want to violate any laws .
Fortunately , there are plenty of places to find royalty free and podsafe music .
What follows are some places to find PodSafe music for your BlogTalkRadio shows .
Before downloading any music , please be sure to read the website ’s terms of use thoroughly , and to obtain any and all necessary permissions .
Also , many of these places charge per download .
Behold :
WASHINGTON , Jan. 13 , 2009 --
After a warm reception during the morning session on Capitol Hill , Sen. Hillary Clinton faced tougher questions this afternoon about potential conflicts of interest her husband 's fundraising could pose if she is confirmed as secretary of state .
Concerns about former President Bill Clinton 's financial ties to foreign governments were expected to be the biggest hurdle in the New York senator 's otherwise noncontroversial nomination to be the country 's top diplomat .
Clinton had tried to defuse the issue before the hearing by promising in a Memorandum of Understanding that donors to her husband 's Clinton Foundation would be made public in the future .
But Republicans sought additional assurances during confirmation hearings today before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , asking that Clinton agree to more stringent reporting rules concerning what donations her husband would accept , what would be disclosed and how frequently that information would be released .
Sen . David Vitter , R - La. , specifically called on Clinton to provide more reporting on contributions to the Clinton Global Initiative , which he said was not included in the Clinton Foundation 's donation reporting .
Clinton balked , saying the foundation is going " beyond even what the rules would call for " in disclosing and preclearing donors .
" I recognize that these are unique circumstances , to say the least , " Clinton said .
" It is not unique , however , for spouses of government officials to work , and there are very well - established rules . "
Clinton resisted Vitter 's insistence on tougher language , saying , " There is no intention to amend the MOU .
It has been worked out between the transition and the foundation . "
Earlier Tuesday , Richard Lugar , R - Ind. , said he worried about the " perception problems " of having Clinton in the post as Bill Clinton continues his overseas fundraising for his foundation .
Lugar asked that the former president " foreswear " taking any more donations from foreign governments .
" I share the president - elect 's view that the activities of the Clinton Foundation and President Clinton himself should not be a barrier to Sen.
Clinton 's service , " Lugar said .
" But I also share the view , implicitly recognized by the Memorandum of Understanding , that the work of the Clinton Foundation is a unique complication that will have to be managed with great care and transparency . "
The panel 's leader John Kerry , D - Mass . , concurred that Lugar 's concerns about the foundation 's donations were not partisan , but reflect the concerns of committee as a whole .
Still , in their opening statements , both Lugar and Kerry expressed support for Clinton 's nomination .
Lugar even called Clinton " the epitome of a big leaguer . "
Although Clinton 's daughter Chelsea was seated behind her , Bill Clinton watched the hearing from the Clinton 's Washington home .
The panel hopes to vote on Clinton 's nomination Thursday .
Clinton Talks Iran and Israel
The clash over donations to her husband 's charity was the only bump in an otherwise smooth appearance by Clinton before her Senate colleagues in which she outlined a foreign policy that indicated she would break sharply with the Bush administration .
Clinton described a geopolitical strategy that places greater emphasis on diplomacy and a strategy she called " smart power . "
" I believe that American leadership has been wanting , but is still wanted , " she said .
" We must use what has been called smart power , the full range of tools at our disposal -- diplomatic , economic , military , political , legal , and cultural ...
With smart power , diplomacy will be the vanguard of foreign policy . "
Clinton showed up at the hearing having crammed in recent weeks for the oral exam , easily handling in detail a wide range of subjects that included Darfur , Georgia , international women 's rights , OPEC and energy policy .
She said the administration of President - elect Barack Obama will take a new tack on such thorny issues as Middle East peace and Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
Clinton also said an Obama administration will focus on issues the Bush administration would n't touch , including climate change as a threat to security .
And she assured the panel that under a Clinton - run State Department , no option is off the table regarding Iran .
" It is going to be United States policy to pursue diplomacy -- with all of its [ tools ] -- to do everything we can to prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear weapon state .
As I also said , no option is off the table , " Clinton said .
While promising a " new strategy … that we believe will bear fruit , " Clinton was careful to say that she has " no illusions that engaging Iran could predict results . "
Clinton also commented for the first time on Israel and Palestinians , saying , " The president - elect and I understand and are deeply sympathetic to Israel 's desire to defend itself under the current conditions , and to be free of shelling by Hamas rockets .
However , we have also been reminded of the tragic humanitarian costs of conflict in the Middle East , and pained by the suffering of Palestinian and Israeli civilians . "
Addressing an issue that had been a point of contention between Clinton and Obama during the Democratic primaries , Clinton also spoke about whether she and Obama would meet with enemies without preconditions .
At one point Clinton had called Obama 's position to meet without preconditions " naïve . "
Today , she said preconditions before talking to groups like Hamas or Hezbollah were a must -- and said she was on the same page with the president - elect in her stance .
" When it comes to non-state actors like Hamas , as I said at the very end of the morning session , there are conditions , " Clinton said this afternoon .
" Hamas must renounce violence .
They must recognize Israel , and they must agree to abide by all previous agreements .
There are conditions that are usually part of the preliminary discussion that would lead to any kind of negotiation .
The president - elect believes that he has the right to claim the opportunity to speak with anybody at any time if it's in furtherance of our country 's national interest and security .
But he fully appreciates the preliminary work that has to be done in order to tee up any such discussion . "
On Iraq , Clinton reiterated Obama 's intentions to safety redploy troops , but signalled changes have already begun by announcing that the current U.S. ambassador to Iraq , Ryan Crocker , would be leaving his post for " health and personal reasons . "
And on another pressing problem , de-nuclearizing North Korea , Clinton said of the six party talks , " It is a framework that the president - elect and I believe has merit . "
In laying out her foreign policy priorities and values , Clinton highlighted her " steadfast faith in this country , " the need to renew America 's leadership on the global stage , and her differences with the Bush administration .
" Foreign policy must be based on a marriage of principles and pragmatism , not rigid ideology .
On facts and evidence , not emotion or prejudice , " she said .
Clinton Foundation and Foreign Donors
As expected , Clinton faced pointed questions during the confirmation hearings about her husband 's post - presidential financial ties .
The Clinton Foundation has raised hundreds of millions of dollars from some 200,000 private donors -- including the governments of nations with an enormous interest in U.S. policy , including Saudi Arabia , Qatar , Kuwait and Brunei .
The names of those donors have been made public , and future donations will also be disclosed , under an agreement reached by the Clintons and the Obama team to clear the way for her nomination .
The agreement also requires the State Department to pre-clear future donations from foreign interests .
Lugar , the committee 's top Republican , said months ago that he planned to use the hearing to press for more extensive disclosure requirements .
" I suspect ... that I 'm not alone in suggesting there will be questions raised and will probably be legitimate , " Lugar told ABC 's George Stephanopoulos on " This Week " in November .
Before the hearing , Andy Fisher , a Lugar spokesman , said the senator 's concerns remained .
He pointed out that The New York Times editorial page called for stricter disclosure rules , including review of all foundation donations by the White House counsel 's office .
" It 's ripe for potential conflicts of interest , or at least appearance problems .
So , every step needs to be taken to make sure there is n't a problem , " Fisher said .
" That said , it 's not going to be something that 's going to be derailing the nomination , " he said .
" The Senate continues to have a very good relationship with their colleagues , when they 're up for nomination . "
Those questions aside , the hearings predictably did not produce major fireworks .
No roadblocks have emerged to suggest Clinton will have any trouble winning Senate confirmation this week .
" She 's a very competent and qualified candidate , " said Sen. Johnny Isakson , R - Ga. , a member of the panel that questioned Clinton .
" I 've seen her work in the Senate .
I 've been on the same committees .
She 's proven herself to be a hard worker and a very competent individual . "
In part because Clinton is a colleague who has earned respect from her fellow senators , Republican senators and aides said before the hearing even began that they did n't expect the hearing on her nomination to become an extended referendum on Clinton - era scandals , or on Clinton 's extended primary battle with President - elect Barack Obama .
Aides said they did n't expect the hearing to be anywhere near as contentious as Condoleezza Rice 's hearing for the same post in 2005 .
That forum became a proxy battle over the Iraq war , with Democrats pressing her to acknowledge mistakes in the run-up to the conflict .
Kerry has scheduled just one day of hearings for Clinton , with a vote on her nomination expected Thursday .
ADVERTISEMENT
Sharpton : ' Stunning ' NY Post cartoon compares Obama to dead chimp David Edwards and Mike Sheehan
Published : Wednesday February 18 , 2009
Print This Email This Longtime Post cartoonist no stranger to controversy Civil rights activist and former presidential candidate Rev. Al Sharpton says that a cartoon in the Rupert Murdoch - owned New York Post compares President Barack Obama to a dead chimpanzee .
Sharpton , calling the publication of the panel " stunning , " sees it as a racial slur .
In the cartoon , a white police officer has just gunned down an ape and says to his white partner , " They 'll have to find someone else to write the next stimulus bill , " a reference to the massive bailout legislation heavily pushed and ultimately signed by the president .
The stimulus package was bitterly criticized by Republican lawmakers , with House Minority Leader John Boehner at one point even tossing a printout of the bill to the floor .
The ape in the cartoon is overtly patterned after Travis , a 14 - year - old pet chimp in Connecticut who just two days ago went berserk and mauled a woman before being shot to death by a police officer .
But Sharpton and others perceive something more sinister at work .
" People are saying that there 's no way you can't draw a racial reference here , " said Sharpton to MSNBC 's Tamron Hall .
" What does a chimpanzee have to do with the stimuli bill and the president ?
What does any of it have to do with a chimpanzee being shot , other than you 're trying to make a very shrewd inference that the president and a monkey is the same thing ? "
The longtime Post cartoonist , Sean Delonas , is no stranger to controversy , as earlier pieces attributed to him demonstrate .
" Fire Department brass and rank - and - file Bravest blasted the New York Post yesterday for a cartoon showing a firefighter telling a dying comrade at Ground Zero : ' Goodbye dear friend .
By the way , is your wife free Tuesday ? ' "
Post competitor Daily News reported in 2003 .
" Fire Commissioner Nicholas Scoppetta sent the Post a letter calling the cartoon ' tasteless , ' sources said . "
Sharpton himself has been a target of Delonas , such as when local politician Fernando Ferrer , who is of Puerto Rican descent , ran for mayor of New York City .
In one cartoon , Delonas depicted Sharpton and Ferrer , a supporter of same - sex marriage , being wed , as a white man with an ' I love New York ' shirt is shown objecting .
Another Delonas cartoon that featured Ferrer kissing Sharpton 's posterior was the subject of controversy after supporters of Democratic rival Mark Green passed it out before the 2001 primaries .
On at least one occasion , even the Post thought their cartoonist went too far .
" Delonas celebrated Ms. Bishop 's departure with a cartoon that was so offensive his superiors ordered it shredded , " The New York Observer reported in 1998 , after former Post women 's page editor Kathy Bishop resigned because her " job solicitation intended for Daily News editorial director Harold Evans wound up in the wrong hands . "
This time they 're sticking by him .
" The cartoon is a clear parody of a current news event , " editor - in - chief Col Allan said in a statement .
" It broadly mocks Washington 's efforts to revive the economy .
Again , Al Sharpton reveals himself as nothing more than a publicity opportunist . "
This video is from MSNBC's News Live , broadcast Feb. 18 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Some past Delonas cartoons found in the New York Post archives follow :
Gawker mocks that Delonas has " such a rich history " that they " assembled ten of his all - time classics of hate . "
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Green Phone Nokia App Maximizes Cell Phone Battery Life
February 3rd , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
There are very few experiences we all have in common , but I can say with relative confidence that most of us have been caught with dying cell phones at inopportune times .
A new application for Nokia phones called Green Phone attempts to remedy this problem by maximizing battery life through regulation of backlighting , WLAN , Bluetooth , and charger power consumption .
Green Phone is a finalist in Nokia ’s Calling All Innovators contest , which will award up to $ 150,000 to developers that generate cell phone applications to “ improve the quality of life on the planet . ”
More information on the Green Phone application is available in this video from Nokia :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/Jg4gkQz4ti8&hl=en&fs=1]
Photo Credit : Nokia
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
How many faces can you discover in this illusion ?
There is a great deal happening in this strange painting .
In the foreground is the head and shoulders of a bearded man .
Because his face is lit up , our eyes are drawn to this first , as well as the dark eyebrows above his eyes .
We then begin to see other faces .
The eyebrows are in fact hats of two men on horseback .
There are ghostly faces on the portrait ?s body and in the shadowy background are unsettling images of staring beasts with large teeth and a ghostly figure in the sky .
RAWSTORY — A group calling itself “ Arrest Bush 2009 ” has announced its intention to hold a “ Yes We Can Arrest Bush ” event in front of the FBI Building in Washington , DC during the Inaugural Parade .
However , coordinator Jose Rodriguez insists , “ It ’s not a protest ; it ’s a celebratory event . ”
Arrest Bush 2009 , which is sponsored by the Washington Peace Center , After Downing Street , and Shoes For Bush , is demanding that Bush be arrested for war crimes and for lying to the American people .
Calls for Bush ’s arrest began last March , when two Vermont towns approved a measure “ that would instruct police to arrest President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney for ‘ crimes against our Constitution . ' ”
In September , a large “ Arrest Bush / Cheney ” banner was hung on a ledge at the National Archives by members of Veterans for Peace .
According to the press release from Arrest Bush 2009 , “ We call for the arrest of George W. Bush for instigating war against a sovereign nation that posed no threat , wanton attacks on civilian populations , use of torture , and violations of the U.N. Charter .
We call for the arrest of George W. Bush for lying to Congress and the American people about the reasons for invading Iraq , for the deaths of US service members and Iraqi civilians , and for the abuse of the United States Constitution . ”
Shoes for Bush also plans a separate “ shoe hurling action ” on January 19 to protest what they anticipate will be Bush ’s “ unprecedented pardoning of crimes he authorized . ”
Veterans are encouraged to bring their combat boots to hurl .
During Bush ’s second inauguration in January 2005 , an estimated 10,000 antiwar protesters showed up in Washington , and there were protests in other cities as well .
However , it is not clear how much attention anti-Bush protests will garner on a day when most Americans may simply be glad to see him leaving town .
Original Publication
When it comes to the Canadian oil sands , we 'll paraphrase Daniel Plainview from There Will Be Blood :
There is an ocean of oil beneath Candian feet , it 's just going to be very difficult to get out of the ground .
FBR Research visited 13 public and private oil sands development companies .
The result of their work is a grim report that shows limited growth in the production of oil from Canadian oil sands and slashed capital spending .
Previous estimates thought that there would be 4 million barrels of oil being pulled from the sands by 2015 , FBR only sees 2 million a day .
That 's puny , especially when you consider that they currently pull 1.3 million barrels a day .
Capital spending ( chart below ) will be more than halved in 2009 compared to 2008 and it wo n't hit 2007 levels any time soon .
Here are some of the risks FBR sees within the industry :
Commodity risk : if the price of oil keeps falling , oil sands companies stand no chance .
Oil must be at $ 85 a barrel ( and costs need to drop ) for companies to get to break even .
Oil sands : Companies need a to upgrade their operations , and watch their budgets .
They also need to integrate their strategies so they are both mining and upgrading , which means refining the oil while it 's still in the ground ( explanation . )
Cost risks :
Cost overruns could occur , and government policy to limit emissions could negatively affect cash , earnings and valuations .
Currency exchange : Canadian companies pay expenses in Canadian dollars , but collect revenue in US dollars .
A strengthening of the Canadian dollar to the U.S .
dollar could have a negative impact on a company ’s earnings and valuation .
Here 's their specific company takeaways :
For Canadian Natural Resources Ltd. ( CNQ ) , the startup issues at Horizon are known and investors are already discounting the 80 –89 Mbbl / d 2009 Horizon guidance , but we believe that cash flow from the project could still disappoint given the high fixed - cost nature , which we estimate requires 40 – 50 Mbbl /d to breakeven .
We also expect additional conventional capex cuts , in turn hurting 2010 volumes , which are already declining entry to exit in 2009 .
For Suncor Energy Inc. ( SU ) , we expect positive operational improvements in 2H09 , including better visibility on production growth and potentially lower operating costs .
For Petro- Canada ( PCZ ) , we believe that there is a good chance the lease will be extended in mid 2009 , given the industry - wide drop in investment activity , which has gotten the attention of the government .
EnCana Corp. ( ECA ) is continuing to work to further improve its already best - in - class SAGD performance with wedge wells , Solvent Aided Process ( SAP ) 4D seismic , lower pressure techniques , along with other approaches .
The Wood River expansion is on time and on budget , but the real test will come as we get closer to completion date , which is when the real cost overruns start to materialize .
For Nexen Inc. ( NXY ) , steam capacity seems to be the reason why well production is lagging expectations , but individual well performance is up to expectations .
Steam - oil ratios ( SORs ) are at four currently and are still expected to decrease to three or below as full production is achieved .
CrunchBang , an Ubuntu - based Linux distribution that sports a snappy , low - drag interface and is perfect for thumb drives , live CDs , or speed - obsessed Linux fans .
Check out how it looks and runs in our screenshot tour .
Advertisement
Getting started is pretty simple .
Head to CrunchBang 's main site , find the Download section , and grab the main ISO file ( from BitTorrent or directly ) .
You can burn it to CD / DVD , load it as a virtual system in VirtualBox / VMWare , or install it on a flash drive with UNetbootin .
Put your CD or USB drive into your system , or boot your virtualization tool , and hit Enter at the boot prompt to load the live session of CrunchBang .
The first thing you 'll notice is that the default CrunchBang desktop is fairly sparse and almost entirely themed around dark grays and black .
There is , however , a pre-loaded Conky on - screen display in the upper - right corner .
A full desktop shot is below ; click to get the non-thumbnailed full view :
Advertisement
Conky is one of those Linux tools that gets better every time you open it up and poke around .
The basic setup in CrunchBang is pretty functional , giving you a list of the ( really helpful )
Windows key shortcuts ( it 's called the " Super " key in Linux land ) and basic system stats .
You can , of course , modify a single text file to customize Conky for ambient productivity , or try out a pre-configured setup out there , like this beautiful , minimalist setup well - liked by readers .
Customize Conky for Ambient Linux Productivity
Linux often gets criticized by the ease - of - use crowd for making its users occasionally edit a text Read more
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
You might boot up with a lower resolution than you 'd like , or ( more likely ) notice that your keyboard is set up for UK fingers .
Everything , and we mean everything , in CrunchBang is accessed through a desktop right - click menu , and the organization is pretty helpful .
I was fretting about how to take a time - delayed screenshot of the menu , for instance , until I saw that it could be done from the " Graphics " menu :
Advertisement
Peek around , and you 'll see that CrunchBang has many of the same default apps as Ubuntu and its lower - scale cousin Xubuntu .
I do appreciate their default of VLC Media Player for multimedia files , because it's one of the first things I end up changing on any new Linux install .
Here 's what a CrunchBang desktop looks like with some of its default apps open ( click for bigger image ) :
Package management is handled through the Synaptic tool familiar to any Ubuntu user .
For the most part , any app that works on Ubuntu and does n't require some specific , graphically - tied tool will work in CrunchBang .
Even the tools that requires 3D compositing — like the OS X - like AWN Dock — can be used by a right - click menu switch that enable compositing ( seen above ) .
Advertisement
Finally , if you 're not down with the strain - reducing black motif , or you want to change any other aspect of CrunchBang , the Openbox platform has its own configuration tool , obconf , that supports themes and tweaks lots of other stuff :
Advertisement
CrunchBang seems to Just Work on the two systems I tested it on , and it looks like a great fit for an on - the - go desktop for your thumb drive , or replacement for a slow - moving Linux boot .
Have you tried CrunchBang and like something in particular ?
Refuse to give up Puppy or Damn Small Linux ?
Give us your reviews in the comments .
CrunchBang
Posted on 22 February 2009 by ShepRamsey
Hey friends ,
Shep here , returning with the top five on my list of truly great films , nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture , that lost out on the coveted top prize .
You can find numbers ten down through six right here .
Let ’s continue , shall we ?
5 . There Will Be Blood ( 2007 )
Lost To : No Country for Old Men ( dir : Joel and Ethan Coen )
Daniel Plainview , an early 20th century oil driller , is the kinda bad guy you just have to root for in There Will Be Blood , Paul Thomas Anderson ’s cynical , epic - scale satire where business sells out to religion and religion sells out to business .
For all intents and purposes , it ’s sort of the Citizen Kane of the 21st century .
Gorgeously shot and brilliantly acted ( the film won Oscars for both aspects ) , many people dismissed this film as merely a performance piece , as Daniel Day - Lewis , admittedly , does do quite a bit of the ol ’ scenery - chewing .
But watch it again , folks .
This film is a total auteur ’s picture all the way and Day - Lewis ’s performance only compliments Anderson ’s big bombastic show .
Blood is a comedy of the darkest nature , a thick oily black that cakes the surface of the entire landscape and permeates its bleakest moments .
And who would have thought it was going to be such a quotable gem ?
It ’s been just over a year since this movie was released , but I ’ve been getting liquored up at the Peach Tree Dance and drinking other people ’s milkshakes ever since !
DRRRRAAAINAGE !!!
4. Raiders of the Lost Ark ( 1981 )
Lost To : Chariots of Fire ( dir : Hugh Hudson )
How did what is easily one of the most rousing and wildly entertaining films ever made wind up losing the Best Picture Oscar to one of the most boring films I ’ve ever seen in my life ?!
It ’s an outrage , quite frankly .
Raiders of the Lost Ark may well be Steven Spielberg ’s crowning achievement .
If the first ten minutes of this film do n’t put you on the edge of your seat , then you ’re obviously soulless and have no business watching movies .
Harrison Ford , in the role that cancelled him out as being forever remembered as Han Solo , is a perfect fit for our hero , Indiana Jones , in his first big - screen adventure as he and Karen Allen and a whole bunch of Nazis search ruthlessly for the Ark of the Covenant .
Raiders of the Lost Ark is why people go to the movies–it ’s pure entertainment , a classic slice of exciting , face - melting adventure .
Truth be told , I ’m more of a Temple of Doom guy , but there ’s no denying the cinematic excellence and technical prowess of this film .
The stunts , sets , and special effects are classically ridiculous , providing perfect eye candy as the plot twists and turns along with an intense urgency and a sharp sense of humor .
Let ’s just all agree to forget about that whole Crystal Skull thing , ok ?
3. Sunset Blvd. ( 1950 )
Lost To : All About Eve ( dir : Joseph L. Mankiewicz )
In the opening title shot of Billy Wilder ’s Sunset Blvd we find the title plastered on the bottom of the street , overtop of a gutter .
It ’s a perfect juxtaposition of an iconic cultural landmark and the washed - up trash that it harbors , and it gives you just the right idea about what kind of picture you ’re in for .
William Holden plays Hollywood screenwriter Joe Gillis , whose opening ( posthumous ) narration cynically spits in the face of the swarms of reporters at a murder scene , and , in a triumph for the truth - is - stranger - than - fiction philosophy , promises us the facts of the case before the newspapers and magazines distort the whole sordid affair .
And , in a feat of terrific irony , what follows is classic Hollywood production turned violently on its head .
Wilder shows us the story of how in the midst of car trouble ( what else ? )
Gillis happens across the home of eccentric has - been silent movie star Norma Desmond ( Gloria Swanson in a stirring and often frightening performance ) .
Upon learning what he does , Desmond keeps him in her house to help her finish her gargantuan epic script for what she ’s sure will be her major comeback .
Sunset Blvd is probably the best film about the movies ever made , finding a way to exist inside of every genre imaginable , which for the subject , is more than appropriate .
It ’s a big , gaudy presentation of film noir , black comedy , and twisted romance .
We watch in horrified amusement as Ms. Desmond , so deluded by countless nights sitting quietly in the projector - light of her own art , creates constant drama , milking all the theatricality she can from life , turning her own existence into the emulation of one giant film .
It exhibits a quality that other great film films , like Federico Fellini ’s 8 ½ , do n’t quite achieve .
Sunset Blvd succeeds on the highest levels because it knows how to manipulate cinematic spectacle and intrigue in the most classic sense while coldly subverting it .
If nothing else , it ’s my favorite film featuring a chimpanzee funeral .
2. Apocalyspe Now ( 1979 )
Lost To : Kramer vs. Kramer ( dir : Robert Benton )
Let me just start off by saying that I ’m intimidated by the very idea of writing about this movie .
If it ’s not the best war movie ever made , then it ’s certainly the most dense .
But good lord , ca n’t it be both ?
See , I ’m not much of a wordsmith .
I ’m sure you ’ve noticed I tend to repeat adjectives and sentence structure and general concepts of interpretation much of the time .
Francis Ford Coppola ’s Vietnam war film Apocalypse
Now deserves better than what I have to offer .
As I sit here , tapping away on my keyboard , I have the film playing on my TV and I ’m madly searching for something –some tool in its arsenal that I can possibly articulate to give the uninitiated a sense of just what they have in store for them .
From the opening shot , I ’m caught in its slow angry wrath , watching helicopters fly over a tropical landscape , slowly transforming it into a haze of napalm ; a harsh and deadly haze which we stay inside of for the rest of the two and a half hours of the film ( or three and a half , if Redux is your thing ) .
I ’m paused right now on Coppola ’s own cameo as a filmmaker , standing in the thick of combat , giving direction to the soldiers .
I ca n’t help but crack a wry smile .
Oh , the horror !
Though the film is n’t so much a satire as a frantic surrealist nightmare .
At the risk of sounding like a jackass , this is n’t your grandfather ’s war picture .
There ’s no John Wayne gloriously emerging in triumph from a blazing battle of excitement and testosterone .
Apocalypse Now , as its title suggests , is bleak despair and terror from the word go ; a furious outcry at the notion of war sold to the American public as cheap entertainment and propoganda .
Martin Sheen plays Captain Willard , who ’s been sent on a mission to “ terminate the command ” of Colonel Kurtz ( Marlon Brando in one of his many iconic performances ) , a decorated US military commander who has disappeared into the jungles of Vietnam and created a regime of complete madness–a sick , haunting response to the horrifying nature of war .
Based loosely on Joseph Conrad ’s Heart of Darkness , the film chronicles Willard ’s daunting journey down the river to the Kurtz compound and the further horrors he experiences once there .
Maybe it ’s not a film for every mindset , but it ’s complex and powerful filmmaking and one of the most important pictures ever made .
For a great companion piece , check out Hearts of Darkness : A Filmmaker ’s Apocalypse , a terrific documentary about the pains and self - doubt that Francis Ford Coppola endured to get this film made .
1. Dr. Strangelove or : How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb ( 1964 )
Lost To : My Fair Lady ( dir : George Cukor )
Stanley Kubrick made lots and lots of great movies .
He did n’t even really make a whole lot of movies .
But it ’s just a fact .
Look it up .
Stanley Kubrick made lots and lots of great movies .
But he never bested his manic Cold War satire Dr. Stangelove or : How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb .
US Military General Jack Ripper ( Sterling Hayden ) goes “ a little funny in the head ” and orders a last resort Wing Attack Plan R against the Soviet Union ( and for the most unusual of reasons ) .
The plan calls for communications to be shut off between land and air , so the Executive Branch and the military , quite obviously , are sent into a panic .
And so starts the best comedy ever made .
Kubrick ’s scathing indictment of nuclear proliferation rapidly escalates to the extremes and the laughs get darker and louder as the situation becomes all the more horrifying .
Kubrick knows that the best way to paint the complete absurdity of his subject is to make one big damn joke out of it , and he does so flawlessly .
Peter Sellers is at his best in this film , playing three roles , all to equally hysterical effect .
The President has easily some of the best and most quotable material in the film , particularly a scene in which he calls the drunken Soviet Premier , Dmitri Kissoff , to calmly let him know that there are nuclear - armed jets headed his way .
( “ Dmitiri , keep your feet on the floor when you ’re talking to me ! ” )
Group Captain Lionel Mandrake , his second character , is a British exchange officer stuck in the bunker with General Ripper , as the military tries to break through Ripper ’s barrier and apprehend him .
And finally , he plays the titular character , Dr. Strangelove , a former - Nazi nuclear war strategist and Presidential advisor , who ca n’t help slipping up and addressing the President as ” Mein Fuhrer . ”
But George C. Scott steals the show from all three of them as the chronically gum- chewing , thick - headed , cross-armed bumbling ball of supposed military know - how General Buck Turgidson .
Scott plays it so over - the - top that you ca n’t help bursting out in laughter just looking at his face .
Most film nerds know that the original ending of the film was a massive pie-fight set in the ficticious Washington DC “ war room ” that much of the film takes place in .
It seems a wise choice to leave this on the cutting room floor .
What makes the film so successful and so monstrously funny is the outlandish comedic performances presented through the eye of Kubrick ’s taut docu- drama style direction .
A pie fight seems like Kubrick simply giving up .
Roger Ebert said it best in his Great Movies article about the film : “ A man wearing a funny hat is not funny .
But a man who does n’t know he ’s wearing a funny hat …ah , now you ’ve got something . ”
It ’s a testament to great filmmaking that a script which could have ( and in any other filmmaker ’s hands would have ) been a serious drama , winds up as one of the most revered , quoted , and watched comedies of all time .
Just thinking about it right now , I ’m filled with an urgent need to watch it again and you know what ?
I think I just might .
And that concludes things for me right now .
In an effort to not duplicate directors or years , I admit that I had to leave off some incredible films like A Clockwork Orange , Double Indemnity , Dog Day Afternoon , 12 Angry Men , Taxi Driver , Raging Bull , and Jack .
( wait … Francis Ford Coppola ’s stirring Jack was n’t nominated ?!
OUTRAGE !!)
Not to mention other more recent favorites of mine like Pulp Fiction , Fargo , Good Night and Good Luck , and The Shawshank Redemption .
But at the end of the day , this is just what felt right .
I ’m signing out for now , but be sure to check back with us tonight at 7:30 pm EST for our live blogging and constant updates during the 81st Annual Academy Awards !
セフレが欲しい皆さんはどうやってセフレを探していますか？
おそらく殆どの方の頭に出てくるのが「出会い系サイト」。でも使ったことがないって人がほとんどだと思います。
初めに言っておきますと、めちゃくちゃ損してますよ。
たろちゃん はじめまして。このセフレ掲示板を作った、たろちゃんと申します。全国各地で体の関係を望んでいるエッチな女性たちをこのサイトでまとめています。
セフレ出会い系のイメージが悪いのが原因
「 セフレが欲しいなら出会い系サイト」頭では分かっているのに行動できないのは「出会い系がグレー」という悪いイメージがあるからだと思うんです。
かくいう私も初めはそういうイメージがありました。
恥ずかしながら昔の僕は、風俗とかキャバクラも同じように感じて全然行ったことがありませんでしたが、一度行くと全然イメージ変わりました。
それと一緒で出会い系も使ってみないことにはイメージが拭いきれません。
たろちゃん 初めて出会い家系のセフレ掲示板を使ったのは、22歳の時、もう10年以上前ですね。
さくっと今すぐセックスしたいなら出会い系のセフレ掲示板が優秀
もちろんお店にいけばサクッとセックスできますけど、10年以上セフレ掲示板を使ってきた僕から言わせてみれば、あまりに高すぎる。
お店の場合安いところでも10000円前後、ハズレを引かないお店に行くなら20000円は持っとかないといけませんよね。
でも、それがホテル代だけで済むとしたらどうでしょう。
宿泊でも高くて10000円前後、休憩で安いところなら5000円以内に収めることができます。
5000 円で素人を抱くのか20000円で玄人を抱くのかはあなた次第です。
たろちゃん 基本出会い系を慢性的に使ってる女性はいません。利用が初めてって人からまだ使って1ヶ月って女性がほとんどです。素人同然。
そういえば割り切りってなに？
よく 「割り切り」の意味を勘違いしている人がいるので、改めて整理するとこんな感じになります。
割り切った関係・・・ただのセフレ。
割り切り関係・・・基本愛人のこと。(中には援交目的の人もいる)
ややあやふやな表現として使われている割り切りですが、ちゃんと線引はあります。
基本的に金銭を目的にしたやり取りは法律で禁止されていて、特に援交は売春行為に触れますので法で罰せられます。
一方愛人 は 「特定の人」なので売春行為になりません。(援交は不特定な人を指すので法に触れます)
たろちゃん 当サイトの場合は前者の健全な 「割り切った関係」ができるただセフレを作るためのサイトです。
出会い系が安全である理由
基本的にどの出会い系サイトのセフレ掲示板は、年齢認証というものを行っています。
これはユーザーが未成年者との接触をなくすためです。
私達を守るだけでなく、運営側も不祥事がみつかれば営業停止、最悪の場合取締役が逮捕されますからね。
ちなみに、ユーザー間のメールのやりとりの監視をしっかりしていて、警備がしっかりしているのは下記のサイトです。
セクシャルフレンド Star 1 Point Star 1 Point Star 1 Point Star 1 Point Star 1 Point ( R18 ) ※18歳未満の方のご利用はご遠慮ください。※
男女ともアラサーが比較的に多いのがセクシャルフレンドの特徴。年下男性が人気のサイトで割り切り初体験を済ませましょう。
※新規無料登録/直アド交換OK
愛 Star 1 Point Star 1 Point Star 1 Point Star 1 Point Star 1 Point ( R18 ) ※18歳未満の方のご利用はご遠慮ください。※
セフレ募集専用マッチングサイトです。すぐに会うことができるセフレ募集中の女性を優先的に紹介してくれます。
※登録無料/無料ポイント特典あり
