Apple Patches Java Flaws , At Last
Apple on Monday shipped updates to plug more than two dozen security holes in its version of Java , including a particularly dangerous flaw that Java maker Sun patched back in early December .
Last month , Security Fix and others took Apple to task for taking too long to fix Java vulnerabilities .
In fact , I found that Apple patches Java flaws on average about six months after Sun had shipped its own updates to fix the same vulnerabilities .
At least two different researchers even released proof - of - concept exploits to shame Apple into quickly fixing an easy - to - exploit vulnerability that potential attackers had known about for six months .
This Java update appears to address most of the outstanding Java vulnerabilities .
From looking at the common vulnerabilities and exposures ( CVE ) numbers attached to each of the flaws fixed by Apple 's Java rollup , it looks like this update brings Mac OS X systems to the equivalent of Java 6 Update 13 ( Sun recently released Update 14 , but there do n't appear to be any security related fixes in that bundle ) .
Mac users can grab the latest Java version via Software Update or directly from Apple 's Software Downloads Web site .
Welcome to the home of Complete Annihilation
Complete Annihilation is a game for the Spring RTS engine .
It has a sizable and active playerbase , while still being under intense development , with updates every day .
To stay up to date , you should get the Spring Downloader to play ( now included in the Spring installer ) .
CA is based on several other modifications of Total Annihilation content ( with the eventual goal of replacing it with original content , one piece at a time ) , thus it is a fully playable , relatively balanced and complete game .
CA Introduction
Design goals
A large range of viable tactics .
Larger emphasis on unit decisions / selections and their micromanagement .
Less emphasis on economy micromanagement ( mex overdrive instead of TA 's moho metal extractors and metal makers ) .
All units useful throughout the battle ( T2 units dont replace T1 units - they work together ) .
Better visuals .
Powerful GUI enhancements to free your hands and allow you to focus on tactical decisions ( air transports automatically ferry units from factories , units can be set to retreat when damaged , etc . )
Faster and more demanding gameplay ( units move faster and unit selection is more important ) .
Unit differences achieved using game dynamics and not using special hidden damages / armor classes .
For Players
Download
Play
Start the Spring multiplayer lobby ( C: \Program Files \Spring \TASClient.exe by default ) .
Download Spring Single Player and RAI ( Extract to Spring / AI / bot - libs directory ) for solo play .
and for solo play .
Or add chicken bot to play ChickenDefense
Preview
Look at some Screenshots .
Support
Advertising and supporting CA
Discuss
Visit the Forum .
.
Check out what 's new .
.
Join the #ca channel ( type /j # CA ) in the lobby .
Reply to our thread in the official Spring forums .
in the official Spring forums .
Suggest a feature .
a feature .
Report a problem .
a problem .
Join a Tournament .
Documentation
Read the Manual .
Read the Credits .
For Developers
General
Design Documents
Artwork
Audio
Scripting
Map / Mod Downloader
The channel was part of Playboy Enterprises , founded by Hugh Hefner .
Ofcom has fined Playboy TV £ 22,500 for broadcasting unencrypted explicit " adult material " .
It said the channel had broken rules on broadcasting adult content by showing seven late night shows unencrypted on free - to - air channel Playboy One .
The media regulator said the fine was for the " explicitness of content , strength and / or sustained nature of the sexual content and language " .
Playboy
One has since been replaced by a new encrypted pay - to - view channel .
The channel was part of the Playboy Enterprises company , founded by Hugh Hefner .
Ofcom received five complaints that the explicit material was inappropriate .
Seven late - night programmes shown at the end of 2007 were investigated .
Titles included Sexy Girls Next Door and Blue Collar Babes .
In its report , Ofcom said the company had failed " to provide enough protection for viewers from harmful or offensive material " .
Playboy Enterprises said it was " toning down the content of the channel over time to fall well within Ofcom guidelines " .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Jill Richardson made a good catch on the GMO crop front the other day .
She dug up an article from a Boulder , CO newspaper that detailed the debate over local sugarbeet farmers ’ request to plant GM seeds within the city limits .
The farmers claim that without GM sugar beets , they ’ll be unable to meet their Western Sugar Cooperative quota .
But that ’s not the reason I ’m telling you all this ( nor is it for the useful fact that sugarbeets have been a staple crop in Boulder for a century ) .
I ’m telling you all this because the article contained this revelation :
Since it was approved a year ago , more than 90 percent of the nation ’s sugarbeet crop has been converted to Roundup Ready , according to a Boulder County staff report .
“ Roundup Ready , ” of course , refers to Monsanto ’s group of genetically engineered corn , soy , canola , cotton and now sugarbeet seeds that can withstand the direct application of the potent pesticide glyphosate ( aka Roundup ) .
In the course of a year , Monsanto ’s Frankensugar has taken over the national sugarbeet crop .
Yeesh .
As Jill observes , something like half of the refined sugar available in the US comes from sugar beets .
That , of course , means that no small amount of the sugar that you cook with or put in your coffee is genetically modified — and suggests that pretty much 100 % of conventional processed foods now contain GMOs .
Whatever our expectation of processed foods , few of us , I think , would have considered plain , old table sugar a potential GMO product .
I know I found this unsettling .
This would n’t be quite the same problem , of course , in Europe , which has mandatory GMO labeling laws .
You would n’t need crack bloggers digging around in local Boulder , CO newspapers to learn the truth .
It ’s enough to make you think that the big food companies just do n’t want you to know .
Nah .
I must just be getting paranoid .
Anyway , I think I ’ll take up Jill ’s suggestion and stick to organic sugar .
For better or for worse , the organic label , with its restrictions on the use of GMO ingredients , is the closest we ’ve got to GMO - labeling in this country .
UPDATE : Stephanie Ogburn in comments below flagged another sugarbeet battle going on in Oregon .
Turns out an organic farmer found viable GMO sugarbeet roots in a commercial soil mix .
His fear is that it could contanimate huge swathes of land with Roundup Ready sugarbeets when the roots sprout and then flower .
The farmer involved also has a “ lawsuit , now before a federal judge in California [ that ] contends that USDA officials violated federal law when they deregulated the genetically modified sugarbeets in 2005 and asks for an injunction to halt their planting , sale or distribution . ”
I doubt the suit will succeed but one can only hope .
This kind of unpredictable cross-contamination does make you feel like Monsanto has no real understanding of exactly what they ’ve unleashed on us .
I came across these pics in the terrific Sports Pros(e ) blog from the Sun Times and could n’t believe my eyes .
Glenn Timmerman , 45 , of Round Lake , IL showed off his 92 permanently emblazoned Bears autograph tattoos at former Bear Ruben Brown ’s Motorcycle Run last weekend .
Among the highlights of Earl ’s ink is Da Coach ’s John Hancock across the back of his dome .
I do n’t know about you , but I think this might be just a teeny , tiny bit over the top .
Do n’t get me wrong , I ’m not a tattoo prude or anything like that .
I think a tastefully done tat can be really cool .
I ’m as diehard a Bears fan as there is , but come on .
Do you really need Doug Buffone ’s autograph tattooed on your chest ?
And how exactly do you approach another grown man and say , “ Sign my chest Mr. Thayer ? ” or “ Could you autograph my head coach Ditka ? ”
This guy looks like he passed out at a frat party and woke up with the football team ’s practical joke written all over him .
( Not that anything like that ever happened to anyone I know ! )
If nothing else , I guess it ’s a conversation starter .
Hey , he got my attention .
So sports fans , what ’s your best tribute to your favorite team ?
E-mail me your best tats and I ’ll put a post together featuring the best fan ink out there .
Drop me a line with your name and what inspired your tattoo to beargoggles.boomer@gmail.com by June 19th .
Who knows , maybe someone will inspire me to get a Cedric Benson tattoo on my ass crack ?
Bear Down !!!
Follow me on Twitter at http://twitter.com/BearGogglesOn.
Latest Global Average Tropospheric Temperatures
Since 1979 , NOAA satellites have been carrying instruments which measure the natural microwave thermal emissions from oxygen in the atmosphere .
The intensity of the signals these microwave radiometers measure at different microwave frequencies is directly proportional to the temperature of different , deep layers of the atmosphere .
Every month , John Christy and I update global temperature datasets that represent the piecing together of the temperature data from a total of fifteen instruments flying on different satellites over the years .
A discussion of the latest version ( 6.0 ) of the dataset is located here .
The graph above represents the latest update ; updates are usually made within the first week of every month .
Contrary to some reports , the satellite measurements are not calibrated in any way with the global surface - based thermometer records of temperature .
They instead use their own on - board precision redundant platinum resistance thermometers ( PRTs ) calibrated to a laboratory reference standard before launch .
The digital data for the above plot , as well as for various sub-regions of the Earth and for three other atmospheric layers , are available at the links below .
You can copy and paste the data into a spreadsheet program like Excel to do your own plotting and analysis ( in Excel , you might need to use the “ Data > Text to Columns ” function to get the data separated into columns after pasting ) :
Lower Troposphere : http://vortex.nsstc.uah.edu/data/msu/v6.0/tlt/uahncdc_lt_6.0.txt
Mid-Troposphere : http://vortex.nsstc.uah.edu/data/msu/v6.0/tmt/uahncdc_mt_6.0.txt
Tropopause : http://vortex.nsstc.uah.edu/data/msu/v6.0/ttp/uahncdc_tp_6.0.txt
Lower Stratosphere : http://vortex.nsstc.uah.edu/data/msu/v6.0/tls/uahncdc_ls_6.0.txt
A blog about things that interest me , hyperlocal news , architecture , development , environment , history , dublin ireland tara secularism
Phish is teaming up once again with Reverb Rock to lighten their summer tour ’s carbon footprint !
[ Phish at Hampton Coliseum , 2009 .
Creative Commons photo by Bryan Sereny ]
Portland , Maine - based Reverb is a non profit organization that helps bands reduce their tours ’ impacts through education and action .
They ’ve worked on over 70 tours and 1000 events since their launch in 2004 , saving 62,608 tons of CO2 and reaching over 8 million fans !
They helped Phish reduce the impact of their Hampton Coliseum shows earlier this year , and now they ’ve announced some exciting initiatives for the summer tour !
Resources for Fans
Like they did for the Hampton shows , Phish and Reverb are teaming up with Pickup Pal to help fans find carpools to and from shows .
Since many fans hit up multiple shows , driving hundreds of miles from town to town , this has a huge potential impact !
Not only are they providing the resource , Phish has added an extra incentive !
Check out this blurb from their recent newsletter :
After each show on this summers ’ tour , we will pick twenty random Phish Ride Share participants to receive a free download of that night ’s show .
Please visit http://www.pickuppal.com/pup/erp/ for more information and to find the shows that you may be driving to or need a ride to .
The band set up a resource site through Reverb , Traveling Light , where fans can look up eco- friendly places to stay , eat , play , and even volunteer while on tour .
They ’re also encouraging fans to offset their trip ’s impact through Native Energy .
Phish shows are known for their lots , where folks hang out before and after the show .
This year the band is getting a little more involved !
There will be a Green Crew providing bags for both trash and recyclables .
There will also be recycling bins inside the venues , as well as a table for The Waterwheel Foundation , which organizes Phish ’s charitable activities .
There , fans will be able to learn about and support local non profits .
The Band
They ’re not leaving it all up to us , though .
The guys have some cool initiatives that they ’re taking on , too !
All of their tour trucks and buses are running bio diesel , and they ’re using eco-friendly cleaning supplies on tour buses .
They ’re also working with Reverb to reduce backstage waste and energy usage , as well as recycling backstage .
Even with all their efforts , all that traveling is still going to have an impact .
That ’s why they ’re using “ carbon offsets to neutralize all CO2 emissions from touring fleet , air travel , hotel accommodations , and venue energy use . ”
I was most excited to hear what they were planning in the way of food services .
The band and crew are all using reusable water bottles instead of bottled water , which is fantastic news !
All of their catering products are going to be biodegradable and compostable , and they ’re sourcing their food from local , organic farms .
The band is also working with local farmers to make sure that their food scraps get composted !
I just love seeing artists like Phish who take responsibility for their environmental impact .
Not only does it mean their tour has a lighter footprint , but they ’re spreading the word about sustainable practices to their thousands of fans .
Just for kicks , and mostly because I cannot wait to hit up the Asheville and Knoxville shows , here ’s Phish doing Antelope at the second Hampton Coliseum show from 3/7/09 :
As the hot weather kicks in , males in Japan are likely to find a definite improvement in the scenery .
Weekly Playboy ( June 1 ) reports that the number of women choosing to go braless in the warm weather has been soaring .
Note we said " braless " -- not topless .
Moreover , it 's not as if more ladies are risking Cooper 's droop by going entirely without support .
But from last year , camisoles and tank - tops with built - in cups , such as the " Bratop " from Uniqlo , have sold by the millions , indicating that more women are likely to be prancing around town in such garments this summer .
Uniqlo's Bratop models , whose prices begin from 1,500 yen for the camisole and tank - top varieties , incorporate cups of molded mesh material designed to wick off perspiration .
Their shoulder straps are also adjustable .
This summer 's new designs were modeled by actress Chiaki Kuriyama at a press conference last week .
One starlet enthusiastic for the Bratops is zoftig pinup model Yuri Morishita , who boasts a 90 - cm G-cup .
" I wish all my clothes felt this good , " the 24 - year - old model beams .
" I 've always had problems finding a bra that fit me well , to the point the I did n't want to wear one .
" But these new types with built - in cups give no feeling of constriction .
That 's because since they consist only of pads , my bosom can move about freely . "
She thereupon demonstrates her point to Weekly Playboy 's reporter by thrusting her arms out in front of her body to emphasize her impressive cleavage .
Some males , however , might regard the Bratop as a step in the wrong direction .
" Garments like Bratop may enable women 's breasts to protrude nicely , and also have the advantage of allowing bounce as the wearer walks , " observes Tetsuya Mori , who operates FOB , a website for fans of " kyonyu , " as massive mammaries are referred to in Japanese .
" But actually when and if things get to the point of making love , it means one less item to peel off ; so I guess men who have a fetish for women 's underthings are n't going to like them so much , " Mori says , complaining that the garments with built - in cups are not that revealing .
" It 's no exaggeration to say some men will feel like they 're losing out on half of the pleasures in life ! " he exclaims .
" Well , women 's chests perspire a lot and in the steamy summer heat , mine become smaller , to the point that I have to go down one size , " Morishita retorts .
" The Bratop allows good ventilation and prevents subcutaneous fat cells from burning off , so I wo n't need to change to a smaller size . "
Weekly Playboy 's reporter 's response is to nod enthusiastically .
Or perhaps his neck movements are merely moving along in synch , karaoke - style , with Morishita 's bouncing balls .
© Japan Today
Remember the Sega Mega Drive ?
Of course you do .
Well , it ’s back .
This Sega Mega Drive Twin Player Console comes pre-loaded with 15 cult classics including Alex Kidd and of course , Altered Beast – but will also accept any of your old Mega Drive cartridges ( should you have a dusty stash of them someplace ) .
Not only will this little gaming gem take you back to your childhood ( or whatever age you were at the time ) but it ’s also region free , so there ’ll be no hassles over where your cartridges originated ( and opens the door to worldwide internet searches for old favorites ) .
Grab yourself some classic 16 - bit entertainment over at Firebox.com who stock the Sega Mega Drive Twin Player Consoles for $ 65 | £ 40 | € 46 .
Source :
Firebox.com
I liked the new Star Trek , I really did .
Despite earlier concerns that it might ravage my Trekkie childhood , I came out of the gigantic IMAX theater across Broadway from Lincoln Center unscathed .
It did much of what a good Star Trek flick ought to do : portray a shimmering utopia built on technology , humanism ( “ Present company accepted , of course , ” as Chekov once assured a delegation of Klingons ) , and recklessness that always works out in the end .
It was fun .
Especially watching it on an enormous screen , sitting next to the guy who got me obsessed with the show during a week - long snowstorm in fourth grade — perfect , except that we forgot to bring our pointy ears .
But , having read this week ’s proclamations that this was a Star Trek for the brave new age of Obama ( in Slate and the Huffington Post ) , I found the film a political downer .
If this is Obama ’s Trek , it ’s the Obama that makes me wish I ’d voted write - in for Jean - Luc Picard .
As with the disappointing last couple of Star Trek movies , it runs on a silly good / evil storyline centered around containing the damage that a villain with a black ship , driven by derangement , wants to cause .
Just like 2002 ’s Nemesis , the villain happens to be from a disheveled Romulan star system and has a personal bone to pick with a member of the Enterprise crew .
As far as I can tell , the politics is pure Bush - era — where conflict is n’t even about politics to begin with so much as petty private vendettas between megalomaniacal men .
And though I shudder at the comparison , James T. Kirk ’s ne ’er - do - well youth and obsession with unilateralism is eerily familiar as well .
Only barely are we spared the requisite hand - to - hand fight over a bottomless - pit - area , which has made its way into most recent Star Trek ( and for that matter , Star Wars ) movies .
But in that same spirit , once again the villain is beaten mostly by well - placed brawn rather than anything more worthy of utopia .
Am I asking too much ?
It is , after all , just a sci - fi show .
Not really .
At least in retrospect , 1991 ’s The Undiscovered Country was a political masterpiece for the end of the Cold War — a tale of reconciliation between two long - opposed societies , of old warriors learning to overcome their hatreds .
Or the sometimes cheesy Voyage Home from 1986 , in which the villain turned out to be a benevolent force of nature bearing an environmentalist message .
Or even William Shatner ’s The Final Frontier , which made a somewhat bumbling , but partly effective , try at taking on God .
Another recent Slate article as well pointed to the poignant portrayal of torture in a latter - day Next Generation episode .
The latest offering aspires to none of these things , at least none that I can tell .
Admittedly , I have learned that these films tend to get deeper with age .
Politics has always been an inseparable part of the Star Trek universe ( the introductory international relations class at my college , in fact , was full of Star Trek references . )
There were multitudes of races and cultures and alliances ; to get by , the good guys had to learn how to deal with them , sometimes violently , but usually peacefully .
The central challenge of that universe , since our heroes were representatives of a federation of many planets , was getting along .
Star Trek was about overcoming petty differences in the presence of a universe too large and too full of mystery for squabbling .
It was , at its core , about creating a society .
Society , Freud wrote in Civilization and Its Discontents , rests on a dose of healthy repression .
This leads me to another point .
The golden ages of Star Trek have thrived on prolonged meditations on repression .
It began , actually , in the show ’s original 1966 pilot , in which the character Number One ( played by creator Gene Roddenberry ’s wife , Majel Barrett ) showed none of the emotional hysteria expected of onscreen women at the time .
Deemed too racy by the network , her demeanor was given to Spock , the half - Vulcan who spent the next three years ’ worth of episodes struggling to stay logical amid the raging passions of his friends .
While Spock was always trying to shun his human half , The Next Generation ’s android crew member Data wanted nothing more than to become more human .
Still , lacking an emotion chip , Data blundered his way through personal interactions with what turns out to be an uncanny charm and wisdom .
Star Trek , you would think , makes a bit of a case for self - control .
That is , until lately .
In the first Next Generation movie , Generations , Data plugged in an emotion chip , which goes in and out through successive films .
His adventures became a tango with sensual concupiscence .
Gradually Spock , too , became unhinged .
It began after his death in The Wrath of Khan and rebirth in The Search for Spock .
More and more , he picked up loopholes in logic that allowed for a bit of lying , a bit of illogical hope , and even enough religion to hang a Marc Chagall painting of the expulsion from Eden in his quarters .
In this latest iteration , where we see Spock in both young and old forms , he really lets loose .
His mother , father , and older self all give young Spock lots of encouragement to just be himself , dude , to feel stuff , and to talk about it .
The parting advice that old Spock gives to young Spock is no less than a ’60s individualist mantra : “ Do what feels right . ”
As opposed , of course , to what is logical .
I ca n’t help feeling that there is a connection between the loss of tortured - yet - sympathetic repression and the loss of political consciousness in the recent Star Trek .
Our society , and consequently our science fiction , has gotten so uncomfortable with self - discipline that Data needs an emotion chip and Spock needs to go in for Primal Scream therapy .
Meanwhile , politics goes off the map .
What were once complex enemy societies that might someday become allies have turned into Saddam Hussein - style villains .
Setting our emotions free , somehow , means the freedom to see our enemies as demonic madmen , to forget about a Great Society that might someday encompass us all .
Maybe Freud was right ; maybe it ’s time to start thinking about mastering our passions again , rather than unbridling them .
Part of what has made Star Trek such a powerful franchise has been its eerie habit of taking the barometer of its times ( often the best of its times ) , and of pointing a way forward .
It showed the first interracial kiss on American television , and it invented the flip - phone .
I hope , for our sake , that Star Trek has finally gotten out of touch .
One person is in custody in Canada and another in the U.S. after border guards seized 68 kilograms of B.C. marijuana near the Sumas border crossing .
Agent Michael Bermudez says border patrol agents were patrolling the area after midnight Wednesday when they " heard some commotion " and went to investigate .
Officers discovered the three large duffel bags filled with individually wrapped packages of marijuana near the Sumas Station .
Bermudez says the two people were carrying the marijuana across the border on foot .
The street value of the drugs is estimated to be US $ 750,000 , according to the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Agency .
Officers arrested one suspect after searching the heavily wooded area for more than three hours .
That person is now in custody with the Whatcom County Sheriffs Office awaiting charges .
After being tipped off by American authorities , RCMP apprehended a second suspect on the Canadian side of the crossing a short time later .
The citizenship of both suspects is not known .
This is the third drug bust made by U.S. border agents in less than a month , including one that contained thousands of ecstasy tablets .
Although Canadian - produced marijuana accounts for only two per cent of overall U.S. marijuana border seizures , Public Safety Canada says there has been a 259 per cent increase in marijuana border seizures overall since 2001 .
Loss of hair colour may be unwelcome to some , but the processes that produce it could be protecting us from damaged DNA ( Image : Colin Davis )
GREY hair may be unwelcome , but the processes that produce it are now better understood and could be protecting us from cancer .
Cells called melanocytes produce the pigments that colour hair and their numbers are kept topped up by stem cells .
Hair goes grey when the number of stem cells in hair follicles declines .
Now Emi Nishimura of Tokyo Medical and Dental University in Japan and colleagues have found what causes this decline in mice . …
Updates as July 1 , 2020 : Sonoma County Animal Services will be open to the public by appointment only for animal surrenders , reunifications , stray drop offs , and spay / neuter surgeries .
Please contact our staff directly by calling 707- 565-7100 to make an appointment .
We are currently closed for adoptions and do not need fosters at this time .
While customer relations staff are available to service transactions via phone , we encourage you to use our online services for license payments , Love Me Fix Me applications and general information .
All volunteer activities at the shelter are postponed .
For more information about lost / found animals , and to see if your lost pet is located at animal services , please visit our website , which is updated each hour , on the hour , at http://sonomacounty.ca.gov/Health/Animal-Services/Lost-and-Found/
For more information about general animal licensing , please visit : http://sonomacounty.ca.gov/Health/Animal-Services/License-Your-Dog/
To license your animal online , please visit : http://ow.ly/djg130bMlXa.
For more information about Coronavirus and Pets , please visit the CDC website at https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/faq.html#animals
For up - to - date Sonoma County information and sign up for alerts , please visit : https://socoemergency.org/emergency/coronavirus/
We will continue to provide updates as information becomes available .
Median home price : $ 99,648
Median family income ( per year ) : $ 72,243
The " City of Champions " is located a few minutes from downtown Dallas and a quick 20 minute drive from Fort Worth making Duncanville a popular place for commuters looking for easy access to major highways in northern Texas .
With a warm climate , the town is also becoming a popular spot for retirees .
A handful of golf courses and a nearby lake with boating and fishing facilities provide an outlet from the heat .
The city spends thousands of hours each year maintaining its landscape and parks , and a full time horticulturist is responsible for maintaining flower beds , walkways and fountains .
The recreation department plants almost 50,000 annual bulbs each year , adding color to the city .
While the main street is showing its age , the town is working to refurbish it .-- C.C.
See complete data and interactive map for Duncanville
For more than a month , Indian groups drawn mostly from the vast Peruvian Amazon have come out against a package of laws that would open their region to oil and gas drilling , hydroelectric projects and biofuels farming .
Wielding bows , spears and shotguns , activists have overtaken jungle oil facilities , blocked tourist destinations and cut off thoroughfares .
The effort is intended to press Peruvian President Alan Garcia to repeal decrees that are designed to bring the country ’s economic framework in line with a U.S. - Peru free - trade accord .
At one point , Peru ’s state oil company was forced to shut down a key pipeline after Indians overran a pumping station .
Although weeks of protests have been largely peaceful , a clash between police and protesters on Friday left 155 people wounded and at least 30 dead , including 22 police officers , according to the Peruvian government .
Mr. Garcia and many Peruvians argue that Amazon resources are part of the national patrimony .
Apart from seeking redress for historical grievances , Indian activists fear losing control of natural resources on land occupied by their ancestors long before European colonists arrived .
Some Peruvian officials see the onset of a nationwide insurgency backed by Venzuelan President Hugo Chavez , a socialist leader who is using his country ’s oil wealth to back like - minded politicians and activists throughout the region .
“ We have evidence that Venezuela is supporting the protesters , ” Peruvian Congressman Edgar Nunez told The Washington Times .
“ These people are extremely poor , so you have to ask how they can afford to travel large distances , camp and feed themselves for weeks at a time , ” said Mr. Nunez , chairman of the Peruvian Congress ’ national defense committee .
Mr. Nunez said his committee has evidence that Venezuelan funds appear to be flowing to the protesters through ALBA houses , grass - roots support centers named after Mr. Chavez ’s alternative trading bloc , known as the Bolivarian Alternative for the Americas ( ALBA ) .
“ We are going to close down those lines of financing , ” Mr. Nunez said , declining to elaborate on the nature of the evidence against Mr. Chavez or the means by which the government would try to close off purported lines of finance .
When asked whether Peru is planning to lodge a formal complaint against Venezuela , whose firebrand leftist leader has accused Mr. Garcia of being a pawn of the U.S. , Mr. Nunez said only that investigations are continuing .
The Venezuelan Embassy in Lima did not return phone calls seeking comment .
In the past , however , the Venezuelan government has denied any link , financial or otherwise , to ALBA houses in Peru .
In response to an investigation by a Peruvian congressional committee earlier this spring , Venezuelan Ambassador Armando Laguna said :
“ Venezuela has nothing to do with the ALBA Houses .
We do n’t finance them , or help them .
They have nothing to do with the Bolivarian Alternative for the Americas , ” according to an article on the Peruvian Times Web site .
The ALBA houses operate in poor areas and claim to offer locals access to free medical care in Venezuela .
Mr. Nunez , who belongs to Mr. Garcia ’s political party , said his committee also has evidence that the leftist party of populist politician Ollanta Humala is backing the protesters .
In 2006 , Mr. Humala lost a presidential runoff election to Mr. Garcia after being branded as an acolyte of Mr. Chavez .
Mr. Garcia , who has irked Mr. Chavez by recently granting political asylum to Venezuela ’s main opposition leader , Manuel Rosales , has made no declarations concerning the international financing allegations .
But the president did throw an apparent barb at Mr. Humala this weekend , saying in a public statement that some leaders have sought political gains by taking the side of “ savage extremism . ”
Mr. Humala in turn has accused Mr. Garcia ’s ministers of carrying out a massacre .
Likewise , Ruben Binari , the leader of a Quillabamba - based Machiguenga Indian federation known as COMARU , said the accusations were politically motivated .
“ Our communities have put up their own money and donated their services to make this happen , ” he said .
“ That is propaganda put out by President Garcia . ”
Alberto Pizango , a national leader of the protests who heads the National Organization of the Amazon Indigenous people of Peru , known by its Spanish acronym , AIDESEP , made headlines while wearing a feathered headdress in recent negotiations with Peruvian Prime Minister , Yehude Simon .
Mr. Pizango was recently charged with sedition and rebellion , and the government issued a warrant for his arrest on Saturday .
On the same day , a popular radio program , “ Radio Programas del Peru , ” cited intelligence sources saying he had fled to Bolivia .
Last week in Lima , while en route to make his official declaration against the charges , Mr. Pizango told The Washington Times that indigenous groups had reached their moment in history and that the charges against him would do little to quash their momentum .
“ They make me stronger , ” he said .
“ I am not speaking .
The people are speaking . ”
The outbreak of violence began Friday when security forces attempted to break up a roadblock constructed by Indian protesters more than a month ago .
Protesters seized police as hostages and at least 30 people were dead by the time the melee ended .
At a remote native settlement in Peru ’s southeastern Amazon , residents had overrun a natural gas pumping station before being ousted by police who arrived by helicopter late last week .
“ We will fight to the death , ” said Mario Silva , a Machiguenga Indian donning a headband , red streaks of face paint and a traditional Indian robe , or cushma .
Standing beside him , two men clutched arrows and a sign bearing a message for the president : “ Alan , listen .
These arrows are for you . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Home Lectures on Jacques Herbrand as a Logician Wirth , Siekmann , Benzmueller & Autexier .
Lectures on Jacques Herbrand as a Logician .
SEKI Report SR - 2009 - 01 .
Herbrand 's work , more than that of any other , provides the intellectual foundations of logic programming .
This very readable article discusses Herbrands ' contributions to proof theory and the formulation of the idea of a recursive function , and most importantly to PL , his fundamental theorem that yields a semi-decision algorithm for first - order logic and his unification algorithm .
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
Those partners are not being allowed to perform at this time and are being encouraged to test again in 14 days , said Brooke Hunter , the clinic 's administrator .
Hunter said the adult actress diagnosed with HIV works “ very infrequently . ”
“ This is really not a major event , ” Hunter said .
Initial HIV tests of the woman ’s partners have come up negative , according to officials from the Adult Industry Medical Healthcare Foundation , a clinic that primarily serves adult - film professionals in Sherman Oaks and Granada Hills .
A female performer in the pornography industry has tested positive for HIV , a San Fernando Valley - based clinic that serves adult performers said today .
The new case marks the first publicly confirmed HIV infection in an adult performer in Southern California since since 2004 when an HIV outbreak shut down porn production for four weeks .
The new HIV infection was confirmed publicly only after discussions of a possible HIV case appeared on adult industry websites .
Sharon Mitchell , the clinic 's founder , was quoted today on AVN , an adult industry website , saying they had recently changed their policies on disclosure of new cases " because if there is n't a widespread danger – if someone is n't completely virulent and has n't worked and there are n't a lot of people at risk , we do n't put a quote out there ; just blankets : Everyone should come in and test . "
Dr. Jonathan Fielding , health officer for Los Angeles County , said this afternoon that his office had received no reports about the incident but was launching an investigation .
Public health officials and the porn industry have been at odds for years over requiring porn stars to use condoms while filming .
“ We ’re concerned that the adult film industry is not complying with Cal / OSHA requirements that require the use of condoms , ” Fielding said .
The county has been receiving reports of 60 to 80 cases of Chlamydia and gonorrhea a month among adult performers , he said .
“ It is not surprising that there would be an HIV infection , ” Fielding said .
“ You would n’t send someone to work on a high - rise building without a hard hat , so why are we allowing these performers to perform without condoms ?
Why are we exposing them to potentially life - threatening diseases through work ? ”
He said the protocol developed by the Adult Industry Medical Healthcare Foundation recommends that adult performers get tested for HIV every 30 days .
But that protocol is n’t sufficient to protect against transmission of HIV .
It takes nine to 11 days after exposure for HIV to appear on test results .
“ Let ’s say you were infected on Monday , tested on Wednesday , and perform on Friday .
You would show up as negative , but you ’re not negative , ” Fielding said .
In 2004 , Darren James , a porn actor who had recently returned from working in Brazil spread the virus to three actresses who worked with him .
A transsexual performer unrelated to the other cases also tested positive at that time .
-- Rong -Gong Lin II and Kimi Yoshino
Related stories :
2 HIV Cases Put a Scare into Porn
See No Evil :
In California 's unregulated porn film industry , an alarming number of performers are infected with HIV and other STDs .
And nobody seems to care .
I cleaned up my desk at work right before leaving for Opal Creek Ancient Forest for the weekend , where I am now .
I ’m so proud of finally cleaning my desk it almost warrants a post of its own .
But a single sheet of paper I found in that process vibrates with life and trumps all other topics for me today .
A large Western state renowned for its wilderness actually became stripped of its fish and wildlife by 1890 ( yes , 1890 ) due to market - driven hunting and fishing for the prior three decades .
The state formed an agency that managed over the years , with much struggle and difficulty and several name changes , to bring the wildlife back via protection and regulation .
Here is the mission statement of that agency as of 100 years after the collapse of its state ’s fish and wildlife :
The Division of Wildlife is solely responsible for seeing to it that all kinds of wildlife , from big game to small critters , in our state continue to have healthy numbers now and into the future .
This means that if you enjoy your wildlife in any way , hunting , fishing , photographing or just knowing that it is there , we have a common interest .
The wildlife belongs to you and we ’re here to help make sure wildlife continues to be available to you to enjoy .
That also means that if any of you are planning to do something that may result in fish or wildlife being killed or even if you plan to build communities where wildlife lives , we need to determine if it ’s legal and you need a license or if we can avoid the loss of wildlife or loss of wildlife homes .
That ’s it .
No bureaucratic jargon , just plain English , the way you would explain something in a conversation with another person .
I love this mission statement for its straight - talking simplicity and because it brings people together into their shared common interest : we need wild creatures , even if just to know they are there .
Of course , sharp disagreements exist and always will on how wildlife and their homes ( habitat ) get protected .
But the beauty is that they are in fact protected , after being hunted and fished into collapse in the 1800′s by unregulated commercial interests .
Though I live in Oregon and am writing from the protected wilderness of Opal Creek forest ( which ironically has wifi in its cabins ) , the state I ’m writing of happens to be Colorado .
The only thing I see differently from the mission statement above is that I think wild creatures have a right to exist for their own sakes , aside from humans and our needs and desires altogether .
But that is a perspective I think only shared by some indigenous cultures .
The above success story of fish and wildlife brought back from a collapse that would never have happened in the first place with an attitude of basic respect for all life seems to be the best that the developed Western world can do at this point in its history .
I ’ll take it .
I ’m grateful for it .
But I ’ll always push for the basic respect for all life and species that goes beyond the also legitimate human desires to hunt , fish , and know that wild creatures are still alive out there .
photo courtesy of Tim Solley
Related Posts :
Bros had 11 top 10 hits in the UK as well as three top 20 albums Bros could become the latest boy band to reform and go on tour , singer Matt Goss has revealed .
Goss , together with twin brother Luke , on drums , and bassist Craig Logan , enjoyed huge success in the late 1980s with hits including I Owe You Nothing .
" If we can make the numbers work and the venues work , then we 're all up for it , " said Goss , now 39 .
He was speaking at the film premiere of his twin brother 's latest film Hellboy II : The Golden Army .
I think everyone that went to see Bros gigs had the best time and that 's the one reason we all agreed it'd be a good laugh if we did it
Matt Goss
" Being in a band is like being a politician , you 've got to make sure everyone is happy , " Goss said .
" But Luke , Craig and definitely myself - we 're all up for it . "
Bros had 11 hit singles , including When Will I Be Famous ? and Cat Among Pigeons , and three top 20 albums in the UK .
" I had the best time , " he said .
" I think everyone that went to see Bros gigs had the best time and that 's the one reason we all agreed it'd be a good laugh if we did it . "
Bassist Craig Logan has gone on to be a successful music business executive
He said he thought the band would still have the support of the original " Brosettes " .
" They 're still pretty insane , " he added .
" They were n't too cool for the room - they knew how to have a good time .
That 's the way I feel . "
Logan , who went on to become managing director of Sony BMG - owned RCA Records , left the band in 1989 .
Bros came to an end in 1992 .
Matt Goss is still recording music as a solo artist while Luke Goss has acted in a number of stage shows and US films .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
1 of 2 < >
Do not post links ( ads ) in posts or threads in non advertising forums .
Signatures may contain up to four lines
Webmaster related
Shopping related
Webmaster forum - Web Hosting Forum , Domain Name Forum , Web Design Forum , Travel Forum , World Forum , VPS Forum , Reseller Hosting Forum , Free Hosting ForumBoard - wide Policies : Forum RulesPosts are to be made in the relevant forum .
Users are asked to read the forum descriptions before posting .
Members should post in a way that is respectful of other users .
Flaming or abusing users in any way will not be tolerated and will lead to a warning or will be banned .
Members are asked to respect the copyright of other users , sites , media , etc.
Spam is not tolerated here in most circumstances .
Users posting spam will be banned .
The words and links will be censored .
The moderating , support and other teams reserve the right to edit or remove any post at any time .
The determination of what is construed as indecent , vulgar , spam , etc. as noted in these points is up to Team Members and not users .
Any text links or images contain popups will be removed or changed .
SignaturesText in signatures is subject to the same conditions as posts with respect decency , warez , emoticons , etc .
Font sizes above 3 are not allowedLinks are permitted in signatures .
Such links may be made to non-Freehostforum material , commercial ventures , etc .
Links are included within the text and image limits above .
Links to offensive sites may be subject to removal .
You are allowed ONLY ONE picture ( banner ) upto 120 pixels in width and 60 pixels in height with a maximum 30 kB filesize .
In combination with a banner / picture you can have ONLY ONE LINE text link .
Advertisingadvertising is allowed in Webmaster Marketplace section only .
Free of charge .( tangible goods ) advertising is allowed in Buy Sell Trade section only .
Free of charge .
No advertising allowed except paid stickies in other sections .
Please make sure that your post is relevant .
More to come soon ....
A fundraiser at the home of a lesbian couple in Encinitas , California for Francine Busby , a Democrat seeking the 50th Congressional District seat in 2010 , was interrupted on Friday night over an apparent noise complaint :
" It ended with Barman , 60 , being arrested and jailed on suspicion of
battery on a peace officer , and resisting , delaying and obstructing a
peace officer .
Pam Morgan , 62 , a Rancho Santa
Fe resident and one of the
guests , also was arrested and taken to the Encinitas Sheriff 's Station ,
where she was cited for resisting , delaying and obstructing a peace
officer .
Other partygoers were doused with pepper spray , and seven
deputies , a sergeant and a helicopter were dispatched to the
neighborhood of expensive homes . "
The incident is under review .
There were between 30 and 50 people at the fundraiser , and the only noise came from a megaphone Busby said she used for approximately half an hour .
Neighbors said they slept through it .
However : " During Busby 's speech , Barman said in a statement yesterday , a man
on the property behind her house shouted ' disparaging remarks ' about
Busby and gay people .
Barman lives in the house with her partner , Jane
Stratton , 55 .
After her talk , Busby said , people chatted .
' It was a quiet home reception , disrupted by a vulgar person shouting obscenities from behind the bushes , ' Busby said . "
But it was Deputy Marshall Abbott who attacked guests once he responded :
" When Abbott arrived , [ Sgt. Thomas ]
Yancey said , he told Barman about the
complaint , and she uttered an expletive about a neighbor .
Abbott asked
Barman for her birth date so he could issue a noise warning , but Barman
refused to give it , he said .
Barman tried to walk away , Yancey said , and Abbott grabbed
her .
The guests took Barman away , and Abbott used pepper spray on them .
In the chaos , someone kicked the emergency response team member , a
woman who is 5 - foot - 2 , Yancey said .
' He was pepper - spraying the faces of anyone who tried to
talk to him , ' Busby said .
' People were stunned .
It was something that
none of us has experienced . '
In her statement , Barman said she asked the deputy why he needed her birth date , because he knew her name and where she lived .
' He told me I was under arrest , grabbed my right arm , twisted it behind me and threw me on the ground , ' she said . "
Apparently the use of tasers was threatened as well .
Busby said she will demand an investigation .
Dear EarthTalk :
What effects do fertilizers , pesticides and herbicides used on residential lawns or on farms have on nearby water bodies like rivers , streams — or even the ocean for those of us who live near the shore ?
-- Linda Reddington , Manahawkin , NJ
With the advent of the so - called Green Revolution in the second half of the 20th century — when farmers began to use technological advances to boost yields — synthetic fertilizers , pesticides and herbicides became commonplace around the world not only on farms , but in backyard gardens and on front lawns as well .
These chemicals , many of which were developed in the lab and are petroleum - based , have allowed farmers and gardeners of every stripe to exercise greater control over the plants they want to grow by enriching the immediate environment and warding off pests .
But such benefits have n’t come without environmental costs — namely the wholesale pollution of most of our streams , rivers , ponds , lakes and even coastal areas , as these synthetic chemicals run-off into the nearby waterways .
When the excess nutrients from all the fertilizer we use runs off into our waterways , they cause algae blooms sometimes big enough to make waterways impassable .
When the algae die , they sink to the bottom and decompose in a process that removes oxygen from the water .
Fish and other aquatic species can’t survive in these so - called “ dead zones ” and so they die or move on to greener underwater pastures .
A related issue is the poisoning of aquatic life .
According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control ( CDC ) , Americans alone churn through 75 million pounds of pesticides each year to keep the bugs off their peapods and petunias .
When those chemicals get into waterways , fish ingest them and become diseased .
Humans who eat diseased fish can themselves become ill , completing the circle wrought by pollution .
A 2007 study of pollution in rivers around Portland , Oregon found that wild salmon there are swimming around with dozens of synthetic chemicals in their systems .
Another recent study from Indiana found that a variety of corn genetically engineered to produce the insecticide
Bt is having toxic effects on non-target aquatic insects , including caddis flies , a major food source for fish and frogs .
The solution , of course , is to go organic , both at home and on the farm .
According to the Organic Trade Association , organic farmers and gardeners use composted manure and other natural materials , as well as crop rotation , to help improve soil fertility , rather than synthetic fertilizers that can result in an overabundance of nutrients .
As a result , these practices protect ground water supplies and avoid runoff of chemicals that can cause dead zones and poisoned aquatic life .
There is now a large variety of organic fertilizer available commercially , as well as many ways to keep pests at bay without resorting to harsh synthetic chemicals .
A wealth of information on growing greener can be found online : Check out OrganicGardeningGuru.com and the U.S. Department of Agriculture ’s Alternative Farming System Information Center , for starters .
Those interested in face - to - face advice should consult with a master gardener at a local nursery that specializes in organic gardening .
CONTACTS : CDC , www.cdc.gov; Organic Gardening Guru , www.organicgardeningguru.com; USDA ’s Alternative Farming System Information Center , www.nal.usda.gov/afsic/pubs/ofp/ofp.shtml.
EarthTalk is produced by E / The Environmental Magazine .
SEND YOUR ENVIRONMENTAL QUESTIONS
TO : EarthTalk , P.O. Box 5098 , Westport , CT 06881 ; earthtalk@emagazine.com .
Read past columns at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalk/archives.php.
EarthTalk is now a book !
Details and order information at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalkbook.
Angeblich geschönter Lebenslauf SPD - Politikerin erzürnt Blogosphäre
Schlechter Einstieg in den Online - Wahlkampf : Nordrhein - Westfalens SPD - Chefin Hannelore Kraft geht juristisch gegen einen Blogger und Journalisten vor , der ihr eine Manipulation ihres Lebenslaufs vorwirft .
Die Internet - Community tobt , rüstet zur Verteidigung .
Y
ou of course have never heard of Desmond Hatchett , but he makes OctoMom look like Mary Poppins .
See , Mr. Hatchett , according to the state of Tennessee , has 20 possibly 21 children .
Mr. Hatchett is 29 .
Other numbers ?
Eleven mothers , possibly more .
The kids range in age from newborn to 11 .
The big number though , is that Hatchett makes minimum wage in Tennessee .
I do n't even know what min wage is in Tennessee but it all adds up to P.D.M. ( Pure D. Madness ) .
Apparently Mr. Hatchett is asking the state for assistance , as is his right , and of course the mothers all share a measure of responsibility in this .... but DAYAM .I 'm not mad at Mr. Hatchett , God made us so we could pro-cre --- wait , wait , yes , I am mad at you Mr Hatchett .
I 'm ..
I 'm kinda mad atcha .
I wonder if Mr. President Barack Obama would find it in his busy schedule to personally call Mr. Hatchett , and just talk to him .
( Perhaps an administration job ? )
I know it sounds farfetched but sometimes , we just need a hand .
We all do .
Sometimes .
See
the father with a tribe right here .
Why We Need It
It is interesting to note that the various pieces of Evolution are currently out - of - process components , and that CORBA deals with the inter - process communication nicely and transparently ; it would be possible to turn these components into shared libraries without any substantial changes to the code .
What 's Finished
A New Shell
Infrastructure
Shell Backends
What 's Unfinished
The Calendar
Plugins
Evolution Exchange
Third - Party Extensions
How to Help
Existing bugs that the branch may be able to address are tagged with evolution [ kill - bonobo ] in the Status Whiteboard field .
( Bug List )
in the Status Whiteboard field .
( Bug List )
Existing bugs that the branch has successfully addressed are tagged with evolution [ kill - bonobo ] in the Status Whiteboard field and the Summary field prefixed with [ KB - Fixed ] .
( Bug List )
in the Status Whiteboard field and the Summary field prefixed with .
( Bug List )
Regressions that the branch has introduced get tagged with evolution [ kill - bonobo ] in the Status Whiteboard field and the Summary field prefixed with [ regression ] .
These are what I 'm looking for .
( Bug List )
Credits
This is a combination announcement , history lesson , status report and call for help .
For nearly a year I 've been laboring over an Evolution branch named , whose goal is exactly that : eradicate Bonobo from Evolution once and for all .
According to the GNOME release schedule , I 'm due for a status report .
( Note , this only pertains to the application itself .
The data server is already being ported from Bonobo to D - Bus by Ross Burton .
The two projects are independent . )
Thebranch is strictly an internal cleanup effort , albeit a massive one .
It 'sabout adding features or radically changing the end - user experience .
It 's about making Evolution easier to maintain and enhance as we enter into the GNOME 3 era .
So if I 've done a good job , users will hardly notice any difference when the branch is finally merged .
Those who are interested in testing the branch can skip to the " " section .
I was not present for the early evolution of Evolution , so this account is based on historical research and discussions with some of the old - timers .
Hopefully they wo n't clobber me for getting the details wrong , or for calling them old - timers .
Evolution 's original design consisted of a simple skeletal " shell " which served as the framework for out - of - process Bonobo components .
Each component managed different types of information : one for email , one for calendar events , one for contacts , etc .
The components talked amongst themselves via CORBA , which handled all the IPC .
Ettore Perazzoli , in his paper for the 2001 Ottawa Linux Symposium , wrote :
And that 's exactly what happened .
The components were turned into shared libraries sometime later to help address some design issues and to make the application more debuggable .
Evolution then became — and has remained — one monolithic process .
Most of its functionality is still supplied by in - process Bonobo components loaded at run-time .
Bonobo was kept around in part for the menu merging capabilities of libbonoboui , but also because it was already very deeply ingrained in the application by then .
To this day , Bonobo still handles all thecommunication , even though it 's all one process .
Fast forward to present day .
Bonobo has fallen out of favor with the rest of the GNOME community and its libraries are now deprecated ( or planned to be deprecated — the distinction is unclear ) .
GTK + has gained a menu merging capability in GtkUIManager , GObject has gained a module loading system in GTypeModule , and developers are scrambling to migrate code away from deprecated libraries and API in preparation for GNOME 3 .
Moreover , the inability of Evolution components to interact directly with the central shell continues to be a major design impediment .
Certain bugs cannot be fixed and enhancements cannot be implemented with Bonobo in the way .
Even something as simple as setting the proper relationship between a dialog window and the main application window can't be done under the current design without breaking the component / shell abstraction .
In short , Bonobo 's time has passed and it needs to get gone .
I have rewritten Evolution 's shell from scratch .
While still adhering to the original design principles , it now loads components ( I 'm calling them " shell backends " just to get away from the CORBA nomenclature ) at startup via GTypeModule .
Each main shell window provides a central GtkUIManager instance for shell backends to merge and un-merge their menus and tool bars .
The new shell provides a bunch of other convenient services that it did n't , or could n't , before .
The API is now mostly stable , it 's documented !
( A trend I hope to continue . )
The shell itself is a subclass of UniqueApp from libunique , so Evolution is still a single instance application .
In fact , that feature has improved .
Starting a second Evolution instance with no command - line options will now raise and focus the current window instead of opening a new one ; a behavior greatly preferred by users .
Also , Evolution will now terminate when it 's finished handling a command - line URI and there are no other Evolution windows running .
Beyond the shell , it 's mostly been a matter of slogging through the rest of the code and adapting it to the new shell API and the more modern GTK +
APIs .
Turns out , Evolution has aof code , and a lot of infrastructure that piggybacks on Bonobo .
Needless to say , that 's why it 's taking so long .
All of the menus and tool bars , and many of the stand - alone buttons and combo boxes , are now proxy widgets for GtkActions .
EMenu and EPopup — the mechanisms that allow plugins to extend menus — are being phased out in favor of EPluginUI , which works with GtkUIManager .
In fact , many of the plugins themselves are being phased out — their features being properly integrated into the application .
Asynchronous activity tracking — that 's those percent - complete and error messages in the status bar — is now more object - oriented .
The shell even lends a hand in routing and tracking these activities .
I have a number of ideas for leveraging this new framework .
Eventually I 'd like to eliminate pop -up error dialogs altogether in favor of something less obnoxious , such as " inline " alert messages similar to those in Firefox , gedit , Sound Juicer and Evince .
Also , better shutdown management — where Evolution tells you what network activities are keeping it from shutting down and allows you to cancel them .
Just getting the thing to build was another challenge .
What I assume was once a nice layered design with clean separation of concerns has grown into a tangled mess of circular dependencies .
I 've managed to resolve most of the linking issues by shuffling source code around and routing application - wide events through the shell .
But there 's still the issue of library modules linking to library modules ( plugins linking to shell backends and shell backends linking to one another ) , which is not portable and in fact prevents Evolution from building on Mac OS X .
The contact , memo and task backends are done , and I 'm currently wrapping up some loose ends on the mailer .
All are usable and ready for testing .
I personally have been using thebranch for daily email and task management since February .
Calendars , however , are another story .
See below .
The branch is about 75 % complete .
It 's usable , but there 's still significant work to be done .
The calendar is half - finished and is not yet usable .
This is the last major piece left .
I was attempting to split up the massive GnomeCalendar class into smaller , more manageable pieces .
But I got burnt out and had to set it aside for awhile , and then never got back to it .
At this point I 'm in favor of just getting it working as quickly as possible .
I can take another shot at refactoring it later when I 'm feeling masochistic again .
Many of the plugins still have to be adapted to EPluginUI and the new shell .
This is a highly parallelizable area where I could use some help from volunteers .
The working and non-working plugins are listed in " configure.ac " ( search for PLUGINS NOT BUILDING YET ) .
Evolution Exchange ( formerly the " Ximian Connector for Microsoft Exchange Server " ) presents an interesting problem .
The evolution - exchange - storage process is the last out - of - process Bonobo component that talks to the shell .
Ximian originally released this software under a non-free license , and used the split process design to bypass the linking restrictions imposed by the GPL .
Later , after Ximian was acquired by Novell , it was released under an open - source license .
But the design remained unchanged , even after Evolution was collapsed into a single process application .
I 'm uncertain of what to do with this .
To me , the best solution would be to convert the storage process to shared library modules for the Evolution and Evolution Data Server processes .
But that could take some doing , and time is short .
Plus , Evolution Exchange is being phased out by Evolution MAPI anyway .
Another option is to hack together a quick and dirty D - Bus API for the shell , which the storage process can use .
But I 'm hesitant to expose a poorly thought out D - Bus API just for a corner case .
Third - party extensions such as evolution - rss evolution - brutus , and evolution - jescs will likely require some re-design .
I will lend a hand here as much as possible .
The best way to help right now is to test drive thebranch and file Evolution bug reports at http://bugzilla.gnome.org/ .
Since this is an unofficial branch I have my own little system for tracking reports in Bugzilla .
But really , if you do file a bug just mention that you 're running thebranch and I 'll take care of the rest .
Evolution developers and contributors looking to hack on stuff could start by picking a non-working plugin and getting it back on its feet ( see the previous section ) .
That would probably acquaint you with the new shell API , and possibly expose bugs or shortcomings in the design .
Catch me on GimpNet ( channel ) if you 're interested in this .
For Fedora users , I will attempt to publish aRPM repository for Fedora 12 / Rawhide in the near future .
Stay tuned .
Finally , I have to give props to my employer for humoring me through this ordeal , especially since I 've consistently underestimated the workload .
While the work has been largely exploratory and at times overwhelming , in the end it 's been highly educational and satisfying .
Lake County Drug Crime Attorney
Facing a Drug Offense in Illinois ?
Anytime you are faced with a drug - related charge , it is absolutely essential that you retain the representation of an aggressive defense attorney .
Mr. Albert L. Wysocki understands that a criminal charge can be difficult to deal with , but without the guidance of a lawyer , you could be facing very serious penalties .
When you work with Mr. Wysocki , he can take the time to help create a personalized defense for your case .
Whether you have been charged with the sale and manufacturing of an illegal or controlled substance , or if you have been charged with a marijuana - related crime , it is important that you contact his Lake County criminal defense firm .
Attorney Wysocki represents clients all throughout Illinois , including Warren , Gurnee , Grayslake , Libertyville , Fox Lake , Lake County , Benton , McHenry County , Shields , Zion , and Mundelein .
Charges for Drug- Related Offenses
The state of Illinois follows the federal Drug Enforcement Administration 's scheduling for illegal or controlled substances .
This drug schedule helps identify the danger and potential for addiction of any drug .
Drugs are classified on a scale , and if the drug you were found to be in possession or under the influence of is on the lower end of the drug schedule , then the penalties could be high .
Of course , each individual 's particular case will vary , and depending on the type , amount and intended use of the drug found on you , you could be facing a variety of sentencing possibilities .
It is important that you disclose the details of your case only to your attorney and that , immediately following an arrest , you contact Albert L. Wysocki as soon as possible .
Aggressive Representation Following an Arrest
If you are tried and convicted of the illegal sale , possession , manufacturing or control of an illegal substance , you could be facing prison or jail time , fines , restitution and mandatory court - approved drug awareness courses .
It is important that , following an arrest or investigation for a misdemeanor or federal drug - related crime , you contact Albert L. Wysocki right away .
Mr. Wysocki can work hand in hand with you to help understand your side of the story and to prepare a personalized defense for your case .
Contact Albert L. Wysocki today to speak with a dedicated and experienced Lake County drug crimes lawyer now .
A WORKER who says he drank raw sewage when he was picked up by a gush of effluent and carried down a pipeline is suing Sydney Water for damages .
Mark Jones says that he developed a burning skin rash , boils , scarring from the boils , diarrhoea and headaches after the incident on May 24 , 2004 , and can no longer work as a labourer .
He was laying sewer pipes at Liverpool Hospital under the direction of Sydney Water when sewage was discharged down the line , according to documents lodged with the Supreme Court .
" [ Sewage ] flowed down the sewerage line and washed the plaintiff along with it , causing him to be crushed and to swallow raw [ sewage ] , " his statement of claim says .
He sued Sydney Water and the South West Sydney Area Health Service for failing to secure the line and yesterday settled his claim against the health service on confidential terms .
Over the last 12 months or so I was starting to like Microsoft a bit because of their efforts in trying to connect to the users by opening up IE and Windows7 developers blog and taking inputs from everyone on what features and improvements they want to see on future versions .
That takes some balls considering the fact that many people were furious with IE & Vista in general .
They took a lot of these user suggestions and implemented on Windows 7 and IE8 ( not enough ) .
So , lets give them credit where its due : Windows 7 is the best Windows yet ( unlike Vista ) and IE8 is the best IE yet ( unlike IE6 - 7 ) .
They are not better than the alternatives but its their best effort yet .
Recently they doubled up on their efforts on IE8 promotion .
First the Browsing For the Better promotion where MS will donate 8 meals for each IE8 download ( partnering with Feeding America ) .
Even though its a bit shady , I am not going to sit in the comforts of my home and criticize something that will help those in need .
Their second effort is in the form of an online competition dubbed  Ten Grand is Buried Here , where you download and install IE8 and follow their twitter account to play a treasure hunting game .
You get hints to look for the location of $ 10 k somewhere hidden online , apparently it only works with IE8 .
Another shady move , but even on this one I am prepared to give them a pass , a lot of companies use this kind of promotions to get users .
But , then came the LIES .
Microsoft recently ( few months ? ) started IE8 mythbusting on their IE8  Get The Facts  campaign .
But lets take a closer look at them :
Myth # 1 :
The Lie : Internet Explorer is much slower than Firefox and Chrome .
The Truth : IE8 IS slower than every other browser worth mentioning .
In fact its the slowest in every factor of a browser performance you can think of .
Whether its Cold Startup , Warm Startup , JavaScript performance or page load performance in general .
Apparently IE8 teams thinks page load time is not important .
Their definition of browser speed , in the form of accelerometer , is more important than the performance of actually loading the website .
Accelerometer is a feature that is available on Firefox , Opera long before IE8 implemented it .
This is nothing to do with browser performance .
They want to define whats important for users and design accordingly , instead of designing based on whats important to the users .
No wonder they are so out of loop .
Myth # 2 :
The Lie : Internet Explorer is less secure than Firefox .
The Truth : First , the NSS Labs Study IE8 is referring to is sponsored by Microsoft .
Second , IE8 may be more secure than previous IE browsers its a bit too early to come to any conclusion specially since IE8 market share is ~ 5 % .
The same tainted report by NSS labs mentions ( pdf ) IE7 , which is the leading among IE browser share , ( exact quote )  Microsoft Internet Explorer 7 provided practically no protection against malware .
Third , Opera blog points out ( among many things ) that the NSS lab tested Opera 9.64 even before it was released .
Huh ?
Myth # 3 :
The Lie : Firefox is a richer , more adaptable browser than Internet Explorer .
The Truth : Can anyone in their right mind dispute Firefox on adaptability ?
Firefox has more than 1900 add - ons just on the other category .
Not to mention the fact that Firefox is open Source and you can rip it apart and adapt it to do whatever the hell you want with it .
Myth # 4 :
The Lie : Internet Explorer doesnt play well with Web standards .
The Truth : Internet explorer REALLY doesnt play well with web standards .
The myth refers to IE not IE8 which hold ~ 5 % market share .
However it is true that IE8 is the most standard compliant IE release yet .
Not the most standard compliant web browser in any stretch of imagination .
The test suite IE8 team is referring to is not approved or recommended by W3C .
Basically , IE8 team cherry picked 7000 tests ( which is yet to be peer reviewed ) from CSS 2.1 test suite and declared IE8 the winner .
Conclusion :
Just when you think you can finally start to trust Microsoft because of their recent commitment in trying to improve both Windows 7 ( which I think is very impressive ) and IE8 , they start resorting to lies and shady tactics .
When will they learn that quality product triumphs outright lies ?
Hopefully soon , for their own good .
When you have quality product you dont need to spend millions of dollars to promote it , your users will gladly promote it for you .
Just learn from Mozilla Firefox .
Filed under : Browser
Related Articles
No related posts
Comments :
Vikram
06/18/2009
Interesting article .
I would like to point out that nowhere in the scientific method does it state that the results are dependent upon who is paying .
A scientifically valid test holds up to scrutiny of the facts .
Regardless of funding .
However , since several Microsoft haters have been unable to criticize the actual test methodology or the results from a scientific perspective , they have managed to twist the fact that NSS Labs is a highly credible , professional organization into a negative by implying impropriety since NSS Labs was paid .
One example is Automobile State Inspection .
Just because you are paying for the inspection does not mean you will pass the test .
Same goes for independent financial audits .
Just because the company is paying does not mean they get a pass .
So the smear logic does not hold if you think about it .
Pavs
06/18/2009
Vikram ,
Paying couple of hundred dollars for Automotive Inspection from millions of users is not the same as paying ( hundreds ) of thousands of dollars from one company .
Automotive inspection can afford to fail individual inspection tests because there are millions of people who needs inspection .
They will have to get a paid inspection whether they pass or fail , whether they like it or not .
there is no second option .
How many thousands of companies approach NSS labs to test their browsers ?
One ?
If NSS labs test results shows that IE8 miserably failed security tests , will Microsoft ever come back to NSS labs for tests .
Are you that naive ?
MS has a product that needs a favorable review from a somewhat reputable security company .
MS pays NSS labs to conduct a test .
NSS labs gives IE8 outstanding grades .
How convenient !
Anywhere in your white paper does it mention that the test was sponsored by Microsoft , in BOLD letters ?
Blockbuster movies are less likely to portray smokers than they have in the past , according to a new study .
What 's more , this decline in on - screen smoking may have occurred in tandem with a drop in the number of adolescents who have lit up in real life .
Teenage smoking and the number of smoking scenes in movies have declined , according to a study .
While the study can't prove that one is related to the other , the findings would seem to support what critics have long said : Smoking by glamorous ( or even not - so - glamorous ) people on the silver screen is like free advertising for cigarettes .
A second study , also published in a letter in this week 's Journal of the American Medical Association , suggests that the portrayal of gun use has slightly declined in children 's movies as well .
" Reducing smoking in movies probably helped to reduce rates of smoking in kids , " said study author Dr. James D. Sargent , a professor of pediatrics at Dartmouth Medical School and the codirector of the Cancer Control Research Program at Norris Cotton Cancer Center , both in Lebanon , New Hampshire .
" We are on the right track aiming at movies , yet half of movies still contain smoking and more work needs to be done . "
Health.com : Quitting smoking can help halt heartburn
About one - third to one - half of adolescents who begin smoking may do so because they see smoking in the movies , some research suggests , and the tobacco industry has spent big bucks in the past to make sure cigarettes appeared in popular movies , according to Smoke Free Movies , a University of California San Francisco project .
For years , public health groups have encouraged the movie industry to voluntarily reduce depictions of smoking .
Their efforts may have paid off , at least in younger teens .
In the study , researchers looked at smoking scenes in the top 25 highest - grossing movies from 1990 through 2007 .
Each time a movie character handled or used tobacco , or even when tobacco was seen in the background , it was considered a smoking scene .
Health.com :
My smoker 's cough turned out to be emphysema
In 1990 , there were about 3.5 smoking scenes per box - office hit .
By contrast , there were only 0.23 instances of smoking in the highest - grossing films of 2007 .
At the same time , there was a corresponding decrease among eighth graders who smoked .
Smoking peaked in 1996 with 21 percent of eighth graders saying they had used cigarettes ( defined as having smoked in the previous 30 - day period ) and dropped to 7.1 percent in 2007 , the study showed .
Overall , smoking in eighth graders decreased by an average of 1.3 percentage points each year .
" It 's great to see smoking on the decline ; it 's the leading preventable cause of death , and most of those who take up the habit nowadays do so as teens , " said Jeff Stier , the associate director of the American Council on Science and Health , a New York City - based group that publicizes the health risks of smoking .
Health.com : 5 Celebrities who had ( or are at risk of ) the lung disease COPD
However , the picture in older teens is more complicated .
About 27 percent of children in grades 9 through 12 smoked cigarettes in 1991 , and that increased to 36 percent in 1997 .
There was a steep decline after that , hitting about 22 percent in 2003 .
Since then , teen smoking has plateaued or only declined slightly , and 20 percent of U.S. high school students were cigarette smokers in 2007 -- approximately 19 percent of females and 21 percent of males .
In the second study , researchers looked at gun violence in G - and PG - rated films that were marketed to children from 2003 to 2007 .
Firearms are commonly seen in children 's movies , but there was a decrease in the number of characters handling guns in that time period , when compared to data from a similar study conducted from 1995 to 2002 .
Of 125 G - and PG - rated movies from 2003 to 2007 , 27 percent included characters with firearms .
Of these , 99 percent were adults , one was a child , and 90 % were male .
More than half of those characters with weapons were police officers , security guards , or other members of law enforcement , and 36 percent were criminals .
Twenty - seven of these characters shot their weapons , with 59 percent aiming at a human .
The movies rarely showed the consequences of gunfire , according to the research team led by Jon Eric Tongren of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , in Atlanta , Georgia .
Dr. Victor C. Strasburger , a professor of pediatrics at the University of New Mexico School of Medicine , in Albuquerque , New Mexico , would like the Motion Picture Association of America ( MPAA ) to give an automatic R-rating to movies that show smoking or violence .
The MPAA is the primary group responsible for rating films in the United States .
Witnessing smoking scenes in movies may be the leading factor associated with smoking initiation among youth , Strasburger wrote in a JAMA editorial , which is based on research by his group .
Health.com : Ca n't stop coughing ?
8 causes of chronic cough
" [ The MPAA ] should have a pediatrician and child psychologist on board to help with ratings , " Strasburger said .
" They do n't rate heavily enough for violence .
Violence in mainstream movies is out of control and Hollywood needs to accept more responsibility . "
If the movie industry reigned in the violence , " I think there would be a decrease in violence in society , " said Strasburger .
" It 's not just guns -- it is interpersonal violence .
So the average 4 - year - old boy learns very early that it is OK to punch somebody out if he disagrees because that is what he sees in movies . "
However , Stier urged caution " about assuming that there 's a clear , causal connection between movie smoking and real - life smoking -- the two might well rise and fall together simply because of broader societal trends stigmatizing or valorizing cigarettes . "
Some studies that have shown a connection between movie smoking and behavior were " recall " studies in which smokers were more likely to say they remembered seeing a lot of smoking in movies .
But then , people who like doing something may be more likely to recall its depiction , Stier said .
" I would n't want to see a belief in strict , causal connection here lead to a law banning smoking in films , " he said .
" But the more people choose to avoid or quit the habit , and the less artists choose to glorify it , the better . "
Strasburger said that parents should know that even G- and PG - rated movies may portray drugs or violence , and PG - 13 and R - rated movies may have an abundance of violence , sex , or drug use .
" Go to see movies with your kids and talk about the content , " he suggested .
The same vigilance should be applied to TV shows and video games , he added .
Stanton Glantz , Ph.D. , the UCSF professor who launched Smoke Free Movies , says that the " important thing about this paper is that it is more evidence that smoking in the movies causes kids to smoke . "
His group 's data suggest that smoking in movies peaked three years ago and has declined by 30 percent since then , although he says there 's plenty of room for improvement .
" The fact that movie smoking remains high is one reason youth smoking did not drop more , " he says .
Both the World Health Organization and the American Medical Association Alliance recently said that movies with smoking should be R-rated , due to the link to youth smoking .
If you want to know what movies do or do not portray smoking , check out this list of films ( including current releases and DVDs ) provided by Smoke Free Movies .
Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com
Copyright Health Magazine 2009
All About Smoking • Movies • Journal of the American Medical Association
It took eight years from the time John Kennedy declared we would go to the moon to the day an American landed on it , 40 years ago this week .
It was also eight years ago this September that terrorists struck the World Trade Center , the site of which continues to be a hole in the ground and a national disgrace .
Yes , New York politics is complicated .
There were lawsuits over who owed what to whom , countless constituencies to please , and no single accountable political authority governing Ground Zero ....
Noctilucent Clouds over Kustavi , Finland .
Photo taken July 27 /28 , 2001 , at approximately 12:30 AM local time or 4 hours after sunset .
This image shows a noctilucent cloud illuminating the water below and a gold hue on the horizon .
Ever since something generated a huge explosion over Siberia in 1908 , flattening an area as big as a large city , scientists have been trying to figure out what caused it .
Among the enduring mysteries :
Following the explosion , the night skies shone brightly for several nights across Europe all the way to London , 3,000 miles away .
While there are some wild theories about the Tunguska event -- involving a UFO or black hole or a bizarre death ray -- astronomers have long known the culprit was either a comet or an asteroid .
Based on the lack of a crater , scientists say the object did not smack into the ground , but rather exploded above the surface , the damage being done by the resulting shock wave .
But which type of space rock was it ?
New evidence from an unlikely source -- water vapor in the exhaust plumes of space shuttles launched a century later -- points to a comet .
Mysterious clouds
The potential solution comes courtesy some strange clouds that scientists have only recently begun to understand .
Noctilucent clouds are brilliant , and visible only at night .
Made of ice particles , they are Earth 's highest clouds , forming in the mesosphere some 55 miles over the polar regions during the summer months when , up there , it is around minus 180 degrees Fahrenheit ( minus 117 degrees Celsius ) .
The ephemeral noctilucent clouds are relatively new , at least to scientists .
According to Gary Thomas , a professor at the University of Colorado , they were first seen in 1885 , about two years after the powerful eruption of the Krakatoa volcano in Indonesia , which hurled plumes of ash as high as 50 miles ( 80 kilometers ) into Earth 's atmosphere .
They were photographed by astronauts aboard a space shuttle flight in 2003 .
And in fact , space shuttle launches have been found to cause or enhance the formation of noctilucent clouds .
About 97 percent of the exhaust from a shuttle launch turns into water , a by - product of the liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen fuel .
A single shuttle flight pumps 300 metric tons of water vapor into the Earth 's thermosphere , and the water particles have been found to travel to the Arctic and Antarctic regions .
Noctilucent clouds were tied to the launch of Endeavour ( STS - 118 ) on Aug. 8 , 2007 .
And high - altitude clouds were detected over Antarctica shortly after the fateful launch of Columbia , which along with its crew was lost during re-entry .
Columbia 's plume was 650 miles long and 2 miles wide and reached Antarctica in three days .
Cornell University engineering professor Michael Kelley figured the bright night skies after the Tunguska event must have been the result of noctilucent clouds .
And since they require water vapor , Kelley assumed a comet was the culprit .
But physics suggests otherwise .
How it might have happened
The explosion on June 30 , 1908 , flattened some 500,000 acres ( 2,000 square kilometers ) of Siberian forest .
Estimates are the Tunguska Event was as strong as at least 10 megatons of TNT and perhaps a thousand times more powerful than the atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima .
Just last year , many experts were figuring it was an asteroid .
But Kelley 's team thinks a comet fits better , since comets are loaded with water ice ( asteroids are mostly rock and metals ) .
The comet would have started to break up at about the same altitude as the release of the exhaust plume from the space shuttle following launch , they calculate .
In both cases , water vapor was injected into the atmosphere .
But how did the water vapor travel so far ?
" There is a mean transport of this material for tens of thousands of kilometers in a very short time , and there is no model that predicts that , " Kelley said .
" It 's totally new and unexpected physics . "
Kelley and his colleague say a new model of upper - atmospheric physics is needed .
They propose counter - rotating eddies with extreme energy .
Once the water vapor got caught up in these eddies , it traveled very quickly -- close to 300 feet per second , they write in the June 24 issue of the journal Geophysical Research Letters .
" Our observations show that current understanding of the mesosphere - lower thermosphere region is quite poor , " said Charlie Seyler , Cornell professor of electrical engineering and a co-author of the research paper .
Meanwhile , the infamous Tunguska mystery has taken yet another turn .
" The evidence is pretty strong that the Earth was hit by a comet in 1908 , " Kelley said .
In 2001 , the Portugese government decriminalised recreational drugs including heroin and cocaine in an attempt to reduce the number of hard drug users in the country .
Eight years later , Claudia Hammond visited Lisbon to see whether the change in the law had been effective .
Lisbon was the European City of Culture in 1994
The first time I visited Lisbon was for a weekend break in 2001 .
I was expecting to spend the weekend seeing the sights , taking trams and wandering the old streets looking at the blue and white tiles covering the buildings .
But unintentionally , I came face to face with the consequences of the rising rates of drug use .
One evening I was looking for a particular bar and seeing a sign in a broad , covered alleyway went to have a look .
It was not the bar and as I turned a man blocked my exit and began backing me down the alleyway .
I screamed and screamed but no - one came .
He reached for my bag and for a while we wrestled with it .
Then looking into his eyes , I saw that he was high on drugs and decided to let go .
Later the police were helpful and drove me round the streets , looking for him in bars .
The first thing muggers on drugs did , they told me wearily , was to go to a bar to sell your camera for cash , so that they could buy some more drugs .
Although I did not know it at the time , the Portuguese government already had its own plans to address the drug problem and the crime associated with it .
Not long afterwards they decriminalised every drug - cocaine , ecstasy , even heroin - all decriminalised .
They are still illegal , but a person caught with less than 10 days ' supply is not considered a criminal , but a patient .
Instead they appear before a Dissuasion Commission .
Open discussions I was intrigued to see what this commission , which is so upfront about its aims , looks like .
In a concrete office block , I was shown into a room containing everyday office furniture .
In came a social worker and a psychologist dressed in jeans and shirts .
The whole idea is that even though the commission has the power to sentence someone to community service or even confiscate their driving licence , it looks and feels nothing like a court .
The panel assesses each person and decides whether they would benefit from going to a treatment centre .
The idea is to bring the subject of drugs into the open and that certainly seemed to be the case .
The first teenager they saw was happy to be interviewed on tape and to appear on the BBC using his own name .
He was super - confident and had hair shaved at the side with a tiny plait at the back .
He told me how he had been caught by the police smoking cannabis with his friends and more of the drug was found in his schoolbag .
Fears that Portugal would become a haven for drug tourists have not come true and the number of deaths from drugs has decreased
Because this was the second time he had been caught , he was sentenced to community service , which he thought was perfectly fair .
What had changed was that after talking to the Dissuasion Commission he was planning to cut down on his drug use .
But he told me quite openly in front of the panel that there was no way he had given up taking drugs completely .
Seeking help
The new system does mean that highly trained staff are spending 60 % of their time dealing with people for cannabis possession , but if this means they can get to the people with drug addictions , then they believe it is worth it .
Before decriminalisation Portugal had 100,000 hard drug users in 2001 Previously people were so afraid of being arrested that they would not come forward for help .
One doctor told me patients would even ask him to unplug his intercom to his secretary for fear that someone might listen in on the consultation .
And the results ?
Fears that Portugal would become a haven for drug tourists have not come true and the number of deaths from drugs has decreased .
The secretary of state for health told me it has been a great success , with police figures suggesting that the use of every drug has either gone down or remained stable , apart from cocaine which has recently become fashionable .
In Portugal just 8.2 % of people have tried cannabis at least once , compared with 42 % in the U.S.
But some argue that not enough figures are available to get the whole picture .
The most extraordinary thing for me was that wandering outside office blocks at lunchtime asking smokers on doorsteps what they thought about the drug policy , I could not find a single person who knew that all drugs had been decriminalised .
Feeling safe During my time in Lisbon I had not been intending to return to the alleyway where I was mugged , but walking along a street to an interview I saw a sign for a clothes shop .
Not wanting to miss a brief shopping opportunity I turned down the drive before realising exactly where I was .
But the seedy dark alleyway was now sunshine - filled with a pretty boutique on the left and a view over the red roofs of Lisbon on the right .
I cannot pretend that the clean - up of the old city is all down to the decriminalisation of drugs .
Dealing is after all still done by criminal gangs .
But for me , that street at least is not a place to be afraid of any more .
How to listen to : From our own Correspondent Radio 4 : Saturdays , 1130 .
Second weekly edition on Thursdays , 1100 ( some weeks only ) World Service :
See programme schedules Download the podcast Listen on iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Why We Need a Rights Auction for the Google Book Settlement
* Check this out first if you do n't know what 's going on here or why you should care .
*Everybody is taking a turn sticking a flashlight up inside the Google Book Settlement right now , from the John Steinbeck estate , to Philip K. Dick 's heirs , to the Department of Justice , to the European Union , to all those jolly hobbits at Harvard .
Honestly , I am relieved that people care .
It was starting to look like this was going to be the con of the millennium .
It 's a good thing that this settlement did n't get rubber stamped by an overworked , sympathetic New York court , and all our fates were n't decided in our absence by a tiny - ass " guild " that claims to represent the interests of all " authors " and by a cabal of publishing companies that appears to have zero insight into the future of its own dying industry .
Now that there is some time and we can kick back and look at this settlement with fresh , contrarian eyes , I submit that the answer to how to make this settlement fair is not all that complicated .
Google has been caught with a boat full of pirated goods , and currently the settlement says that since Google is the only one with a boat , they ought to be able to carry on with sailing them to market .
But anyone can build a fucking boat .
No one was smuggling pirated goods because we all thought it was illegal .
But if it 's not ?
Then we 've got a brand new market on our hands .
Instead , I say we haul alllllll those goods down to the docks , unpack them , see what they are , and put them up for auction .
If Google wants to hold on to their stolen merchandise , I say we make them pay for it , same as anybody else .
If nobody wants what they 've got , they can keep it .
I think Google has a valid point about orphan works .
Something needs to be done about orphaned books as far as publishing goes ( these are books that are out - of - print , but still in copyright ) .
No one wants to publish them , but they are around , and they should be available for people to read .
Information may want to be free , but the information unfortunately got married when it was young to somebody called a " creator , " and until that " creator " dies , that information can't just go around stepping out on the town with any old technology company offering posies , chocolates , and new spats .
Besides , all that attention is temporary .
Google is only offering somewhere between $ 60 and $ 300 for the rights to sell these books without getting sued .
They are going to put them up in a colossal database where they will be filed away and forgotten .
Google will not put these books in people 's faces .
They are banking on volume and not promotion to profit from these books .
Additionally , they will make back the brunt of their initial investment by selling their collections to libraries and public universities , which are funded by taxpayers .
So really , all Google is doing here is trying to get money from the government , just like the rest of us welfare leeches .
Most importantly , I think the price that Google is paying is far too low , and that the people who will suffer from this are writers .
I think there are a hell of a lot of orphan books out there whose rights I would want to buy if I had the chance , and I know I am not alone .
If publishing REALLY wants to keep existing , the future is in electronic publishing , and publishers should not give away the rights to all of these INCREDIBLY lucrative works just because they do n't understand what 's going on .
So here 's what we should do : 1 .
Google should release a catalog of all the books that they have scanned and to which they will be receiving the rights if this settlement is approved .
2 .
They should create and host an online bidding system ala eBay .
Anyone in the world can bid on the rights to these books for a period of two years .
Whoever has the highest bid after two years gets the rights .
The money goes directly to the author ( if they can be found ) , or into the Book Rights Registry if not , as per the terms of the original plan .
The author also has the right to turn down any bid or negotiate any new contract they desire .
Naturally .3 .
Any books that no one bids on will default to Google as a reward for scanning them in the first place .
It must have been an expensive task and it must have been really hard to do .
But yeah , so what ?
No one asked them to scan these books .
Copyright infringement costs $ 150,000 for each violation if I do it .
What 's a million times $ 150,000 ?
This rights auction will be massive , fascinating , and will give birth to a whole new modern age and market : the age of epublishing .
There is no rush on these books .
Nobody wanted them before , and the scans are n't going anywhere .
Seeing the rights for potentially lucrative books available for purchase , companies will form to squat on rights and bidding wars will take place between tech companies who think they can do better scans .
A book stock market will drive up prices .
Those who ultimately profit will be the authors of these works , which is as it should be .
Authors out there .
Listen to me .
Is it a better deal if one company just GETS the rights to your works for an arbitrarily small price determined by some mathematical algorithm protected by a non-disclosure agreement ?
Or would n't you rather have two years to see what the work is really worth on the open market ?
You lose nothing .
You 'll still get paid by Google at the end of two years if no one else wants the work , and you COULD make thousands of dollars for the rights to your work , if not hundreds of thousands .
The worst thing that could happen is that you get the bare minimum price that Google is willing to pay .
Additionally , whoever ends up buying your rights might do much better justice to the material than Google .
What does Google care about your work ?
About marketing it , selling it , republishing it , and getting it into the hands of people who want to read it ?
They are n't readers .
They are n't editors .
They do n't bleed ink and sweat typefaces .
They are a tech company .
They are going to put your book up in some ugly chrome browser and it will look exactly like the ugly old library book that nobody wanted in the first place .
Moreover , and here is the most important point , Google is reserving the right to keep salacious , controversial , and pornographic works OUT of their database , the same way that they control content on YouTube .
But porn , hate , and controversy are hugely profitable !
A company that wants to publish these works ought to have the right .
Google should not have the ability to bury literature forever .
The originals of these books will fade , crack , and croak before the rights expire into the public domain , and Google will have effectively suffocated certain objectionable books to death .
Google will protest that they did these scans out of their own pocket and that they should get to keep the rights to them or toss them away for no one to read .
So maybe they should get a tiny percentage of the auction fee from every sale , like an auction house does .
Details aside , these books ought to be up for grabs to ANYBODY in the world who is willing to pay , not just Google .
Otherwise , it 's an antitrust issue .
Otherwise , the settlement should be broken up for good .
Which would be a shame .
Come on Google .
Play ball fair .
Remixx World
Wednesday , June 17 , 2009
I was listening to the Jason Bermas “ The Infowarrior ” show tonight and one of his callers had an interesting comment about a code in the controversial multi-part London Telegraph “ Operation Blackjack ” art series .
The Blackjack series is controversial , because it has no real artistic merit except for perhaps being a blueprint for the introduction of global government .
Jason ’s caller mentioned a weird hexadecimal code in Part 5 of the series .
The screen cap is below .
If you type this number ( 74686973206973206e6f742073696d706c7920656e7465727461696e6d656e74 ) from the ID card into a HEXADECIMAL to STRING converter , then you get the following message :
“ this is not simply entertainment ”
This may indeed be a warning or an elaborate comic book .
If it is warning , then I want to give thanks to this caller !
This article was posted : Wednesday , June 17 , 2009 at 8:17 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Recently I had my first golf lesson with a professional golfer .
Now , this is not the first time that I had played golf – I picked up a golf club for the first time approximately 9 months ago and subsequently played on and off with friends .
I studied a few golf books and received a few good tips from my friends , but frustration finally sent me in search of professional help .
At the lesson , the first thing I did was hit some golf balls whilst the coach watched .
Then , he told me this : “ first , we are going to work on the 4 fundamentals of golf : grip , stance , posture , and alignment ” .
If you think about each of them – grip , stance , posture , and alignment – you can imagine why it was that I did not hit too many golf balls in that first lesson .
The swing – that all important element that is the final determinant of how the ball is hit – would not be the focus until I had the fundamentals under control .
This golf lesson got me thinking .
It seems to me that there are certain fundamentals not only in golf , but in life , that we should have under control before we turn our attention to loftier ambitions .
For example , many people who desire wealth will begin investing ( the swing ) without developing any financial intelligence ( the fundamentals ) .
For the non-golfers out there , another great metaphor is the construction of your dream home .
Imagine you are wanting to build a beautiful , multi - level home ( your life ) .
Once the site is prepared and you are ready to build , the first step is the laying of the foundation ( the fundamentals ) .
It is crucial that this foundation is strong , for if it is upon this that the rest of the house is built .
Here then are what I consider to be 30 fundamentals of a wonderful life .
Yes - I ’m sure there are more , but if you can manage to get each of these under control you will have a strong foundation upon which to build a wonderful life .
Success
Defining what success means to YOU : success will mean different things to different people .
In these modern times , traditional ideas of success involving impressive job titles and high salaries are being challenged by such ideas as “ time affluence ” .
Decide what is important to you , and do n’t waste time chasing someone else ’s idea of success .
Strong work ethic : expecting great success without being willing to work hard for it is a recipe for mediocrity .
If it seems that others just get lucky , remember the following quote from the famous golfer Gary Player :
“ The harder I work , the luckier I get . ” – Gary Player
Focus on adding value : stop focusing on what you want , and start thinking of how you can add value to other people .
When you help other people get what they want , they will be more willing to help you .
Abundance mentality : this is the understanding that there is plenty out there and enough to spare for everybody .
With this mentality , you are willing to share prestige , recognition , and profits .
Motivation : what drives you to succeed ?
When you understand the reasons behind what you do ( eg to provide for your family ) , you will gain purpose and clarity .
Goals : there have been numerous studies that have shown people who set goals are more likely to succeed than people who do not .
By setting goals , you focus your attention on a target which , in turn , focuses your mind on finding ways to get there .
Personal Growth
A curious mind : a curious mind loves to learn new things .
If you have ever watched a small child play you will know exactly what I mean .
So instead of just accepting things “ as is ” , ask yourself the questions : What ?
How ?
Why ?
Who ?
When ?
An open mind : some of our beliefs and actions are so ingrained that we automatically disregard any evidence that we should think or act otherwise .
Keep an open mind , and you may just come across a better way of seeing or doing things .
A willingness to change : it is one thing to want to live a better life , but are you really willing to make the necessary changes ?
The following quote explains this concept perfectly :
“ The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results ” – Albert Einstein
Defining your values and principles : who are you ?
What are you about ?
And what do you value ?
If you do n’t have one already , I highly recommend taking the time to write a personal mission statement .
Awareness : are you on autopilot ?
If so , turn it off and decide to live consciously .
In short , this means to being committed to awareness as a way of existing in the world .
Awareness of your beliefs , awareness of your own power , and awareness of your freedom to choose your own destiny .
Self - discipline : you may have the best intentions in the world , but without self - discipline you will fall victim to the temptation .
If you have problems with self - discipline , burn the following quote into your memory and recall it whenever temptation arises :
“ The price of discipline is always less than the pain of regret ”
Happiness
The ability to enjoy the now : it ’s important to plan for the future , but too many people have “ destination addiction ” which means they ca n’t enjoy then present .
Stop .
And enjoy this very moment ….
Find your purpose : in his book Happier , author Tal Ben Shahar defines happiness as :
“ The overall experience of pleasure and meaning . ”
Different people find different ways to fill their life with meaning .
One thing is clear though : meaning comes from developing a sense of purpose .
Gratitude : instead of focusing on what you do n’t have , try appreciating what you do have .
If you are reading this , chances are you are better off than the vast majority of the world ’s population .
Quality relationships : happiness is closely linked to the quality of your relationships in your life .
Take the time to keep in touch with friends and family .
Perspective : when things get tough , it is so important to be able to step back and gain some perspective on life .
Accepting those things that cannot be changed : I have always loved the profound wisdom of the following quote , commonly known as the Serenity Prayer :
God , give us grace to accept with serenity the things that cannot be changed , courage to change the things that should be changed , and the wisdom to distinguish the one from the other .
Wealth
Financial intelligence : before investing in real estate or the stock market , invest in yourself by developing your own financial intelligence .
As they say , knowledge is power .
Spend less than you earn : to gain wealth , you must spend less than you earn .
Just consider the opposite for a moment : if you spend more than you earn , you are accumulating debt .
Proper management of debt : have you ever felt up to your eyeballs in debt ?
It ’s not a good feeling .
There are circumstances where debt is good , but if you fall into the debt trap you can become a slave to making the repayments .
Patience : Without patience , you will be drawn towards high risk investments such as speculative stocks or get rich quick schemes .
Sure there are some winners who get rich quick , but there are also a lot of people who get hurt ( especially if they have n’t taken the time to develop their financial intelligence ) .
Be prepared to get rich slowly .
Adequate protection of assets : it is one thing to accumulate assets , but if they are not adequately protected you may be in for an unpleasant surprise .
Life does go awry every so often , so be prepared .
Health
Recognize the importance of your health : it is often said that “ your health is your wealth ” .
Many people do not , however , appreciate their health until it is gone .
Save yourself a lot of pain , and learn from others ’ mistakes .
Exercise : if you want to be fit and healthy , you must exercise .
A healthy diet : there is truth to the old saying “ you are what you eat ” .
If you want to live a long and healthy life , make sure you maintain a healthy diet .
Yes , this is common sense – but common sense does not necessarily translate to common practice .
Relationships
Treat others as you would like to be treated : this is known as the Ethic of Reciprocity , or the “ Golden Rule ” .
Imagine if everyone lived by this principle .
Love yourself : I do n’t mean this in a vain sense .
I just believe that before asking another person to love you , you should take the time to find things you love about yourself .
Have good manners : good manners are said to be the lubricant of social interaction .
Saying “ please ” shows you respect someone , and saying “ thank you ” tells them you appreciate them .
Be real : show a genuine interest in other people .
And do n’t be afraid to let them see the real you , even if it means you feel vulnerable .
I believe it is when you are at your most vulnerable that people fall in love with you .
Photo by Nikos Koutoulas
Malik ibn Ashtar was the Commander in Chief of Imam Ali ’s army .
He was also made the governor of Egypt .
The beauty of this anecdote is the wonderful balance of character displayed .
Did you like this comic ?
Copy this Code to add the above Comic to your Blog / Website :
{code type=html}
{/ code}
To find out more about revamping our healthcare system read this - http://rxvette.blogspot.com/2009/06/biggest-key-to-health-care-reform-in-us.html
The national debate over healthcare reform is hotter than ever right now .
And as we all get passionately worked up about our own individual views on what 's right and what 's wrong we tend to forget what this cause is all about .
We focus on our differences and forget about the people who this is affecting the most .
So allow me to share a story of a very close friend of mine that hopefully puts some perspective on it .
The following is a letter that I wrote to both President Obama and various Florida House of Representative members and Senators .
Dear __________ , What if this was your daughter ?
Kate Markwith is a 29 year old vibrant young woman with an incredible passion for infusing the best of mankindʼs joy and generosity into her fellow human beings .
But it is her personal everyday battle with health and happiness which I ʼm going to share with you that will leave you scratching your head as to how such a radiant personality continues to flourish on an everyday basis .
The important question to focus on is how will her storyaffect the decisions you make regarding national healthcare reform ?
In other words , what if she was your daughter ?
Kate has a chronic medical condition called Crohnʼs disease which is an autoimmune disease that affects the gastrointestinal ( GI ) tract .
It causes severe , debilitating pain and discomfort and there is no cure for it .
She was diagnosed with this condition 21 years ago .
She and her family have endured many personal and financial hardships due to this illness .
Kate has gone through a total of 14 major surgeries to remove the lower half of her GI system including a portion of her ileum , her entire colon , and rectal stump .
She now has an ileostomy as a result of this .
Kate has also had approximately 200 minor procedures or surgeries in addition to fight this disease .
Her primary education years were not always spent in the classroom but often in the hospital .
She didnʼt get to play any sports of any kind because of her illness .
Family vacations and holiday gatherings were all too often cancelled or postponed due to her medical condition flaring up .
And for the past 11 years Kate has been working extremely hard to attend college and achieve what many other twenty something year olds want - a college degree to help her compete in this very competitive world .
However , Crohnʼs disease has remained her Goliath and a 2 year associateʼs degree in art that took 6 years to achieve is the extent of her well deserved accomplishments so far .
She puts it best though with this quote , “ I would liked to have finished college in a reasonable time but I appreciate the good things in life more now due to working harder for everything in my life .
” Kate and her family ʼs financial struggles over the past two decades are extraordinary in their own way .
For the first 7 years of her illness Kate was lucky enough to have private medical insurance through her parentʼs plan .
But this “ safety net ” of private insurance can be misleading in itself due to the many surgeries and hospitalizations that were required to treat her condition .
The out of pocket medical expenses reached into the tens to hundreds of thousands of dollars for her and her family .
Like many Americans her parents work hard for a modest middle class life but these medical expenses left both them and their daughter with very poor credit .
Many of the bills went unpaid as they passed their 7 year statute of limitations with collections because the money simply wasnʼt there .
It left her parents with no money left to help pay for any of their 3 daughterʼs college education and a credit history that nobody would want .
It has left Kate with awful credit to the point where she is denied approval to live in any apartment complexes ( even with roommates ) without one of her parents cosigning as a guarantor .
She has no credit cards and rarely ever gets offers in the mail from credit card companies .
When Kate turned 18 she was very close to reaching the maximum lifetime cap on medical expenses allowed by her parentʼs private medical insurance plan .
The only option for medical coverage was now Floridaʼs Medicaid system since she couldnʼt afford a private plan and even if she could no private insurance company would accept her because of her medical condition .
But the financial struggles donʼt stop there for Kate .
Even with Medicaid and Social Security disability benefits her out of pocket expenses and previous medical debt has left her in financial ruin .
Kate has monthly expenses of a couple hundred dollars just for ostomy supplies that she canʼt live without .
These supplies are not covered by Medicaid .
She works and goes to school when she can but as mentioned before long term stability in both these areas of her life are compromised by inevitable disease flare ups and hospital stays .
Kateʼs biggest health concern now is her teeth .
Due to being on regular , long term courses of corticosteroid medications to treat her Crohnʼs disease she has developed osteoporosis .
Osteoporosis has left her with fragile bones and her teeth are no exception to this .
They are severely worn down and cause discomfort and pain while she eats .
Unfortunately , Florida Medicaid provides no dental coverage so Kate has only been to a dentist twice in the past 11 years .
On her latest visit , the dentist told her that she either needed crowns put on every single one of her teeth or a full set of dentures .
Either solution will cost several thousands of dollars .
I think it goes without saying that all Kate is left with to remedy the situation is hope and prayers .
I was curious as to what Kateʼs view on our current healthcare system is like here in the U.S. so I came up with a few questions for her that Iʼll share below .
Question # 1 -
Do you feel society owes individualʼs like yourself accessible and affordable access to healthcare insurance ?
Kateʼs response , “ Yes , everyone is entitled to good quality healthcare services and should not be discriminated against based on gender , race , social class , etc. ” Question # 2 -
What changes would you make to improve the healthcare system in the U.S. ?
Kateʼs response , “ Give everyone equal access to any physician they choose instead of there being a selective list of doctors that are covered by certain plans .
Donʼt let the healthcare system cater to wealthier citizens .
It should be an equal opportunity system .
And simplify the healthcare system so patients , providers , and organizations all understand one set of rules . ” Question # 3 -
If you had the chance to ask one question to a member of Congress who completely opposes any kind of universal healthcare plan in the U.S. what would that question be ?
Kateʼs response , “ What if you werenʼt well off in life and you or a member of your family had to deal with a chronic disease ?
How would you do this ? ” Question # 4 -
What would you like to say to President Obama regarding your personal story of Crohnʼs disease ?
Kateʼs response , “ My story is unique to me but not unique in the grand scheme of things .
Everyone deserves a chance at being healthy .
Without your health your ability to reach your full capabilities towards yourself and society are compromised .
” Iʼve known Kate for the past 8 years and weʼve grown very close in friendship with one another .
In those eight years Iʼve never once heard her ever play the self pity card .
Iʼve never heard her complain about how her chronic medical condition has ruined anything in her life .
In fact , she has been nothing but an eternal optimist about what life holds for her .
She doesnʼt let the physical and emotional scars of her past dominate her chance at living .
And she continues to lean on her incredible faith in God and the righteousness of her fellow human beings to carry her through each day .
If youʼd like to reach out to Kate or myself then please look below for our contact information .
And whatever you do please keep this question in the back of your mind as you head off to the many debates and tasks that await you regarding healthcare reform in America -
What would you do if this was your daughter ?
Respectfully , DustinIf after reading this blog post you feel compelled to help Kate please contact me and I will provide you with the information that you need .
My email is rxvettemaster@yahoo.com .
Iranian pro-democracy activists that have fled overseas aknowlege that Iran can pose a threat to activists based overseas .
" Many of the Iranians that are demonstrating all over the world fear they will be identified , " said Fatehma Shams , a student at Oxford whose husband Mohammadreza Jalaeipour hass been held in solitary confinement in Tehran for the last 10 days .
" In my case I 've been singled out and there is risks .
Even my own safety is not guaranteed but I do n't care because there is a higher goal . "
by Brett Stevens on June 19 , 2009
When you criticize society as a writer , you immediately find yourself oriented toward the commonly observable things that are universally socially denied .
We can list them here , briefly :
Biology : we are not the final stage in evolution .
Politics : we are not all equal in ability or reward .
Social : we get ahead by manipulating others
Business : sell image , make profit ( see “ social ” )
Government : there ’s no way to please everyone
Any of these taboos freak people out .
A subset of the first political topic , “ we are not equal in ability , ” is ethnicity and the idea that we can make diverse societies .
Diversity is not a new idea ; in fact , it ’s an old idea with a troubled history .
Mainly that it always causes such internal strife that societies collapse into third world status .
However , since it ’s our social taboo , it ’s fodder for humor :
AMES , IAâ €“ In the spirit of celebrating diversity at Iowa State University , a black guy was digitally added to the cover of the school ’s 2001 spring - semester course catalog , school officials announced Monday .
“ Here at Iowa State , we have a remarkably diverse student body , with literally dozens of non-whites , ” Iowa State director of student affairs Andrea Driessen said .
“ We thought a picture with at least one non -white happily interacting with whites would be a great way to show off this fact .
Unfortunately , we did n’t have any pictures of whites and non-whites actually interacting , so we had to make one up . ”
The black guy , added using Adobe Photoshop , has been identified as Marcus Jamison .
A Shreveport , LA , native , Jamison attended Iowa State for one semester in 1996 before transferring to Grambling University .
His face was lifted from a photo of him attending a racial - sensitivity seminar during his freshman orientation and digitally added to the course - catalog cover by graphic designer Brian Tompkins .
The Onion
The Onion does a great job of making fun of things that are stupid in our society and in ourselves .
If anything , they have a liberal bias , and this article is bemoaning the lack of interaction between the races .
But the gist of it is that white people are faking the appearance of “ diversity ” ( multiculturalism ) in order to look good to others .
And now , from a news publication :
The smiling , ethnically diverse family featured on the cover of Toronto ’s latest edition of its summer Fun Guide was digitally altered to make the photo more “ inclusive , ” which city officials say is in keeping with a policy to reflect diversity .
A spokesman for the department that publishes the guide listing recreation activities confirmed the publication was doctored to insert the face of a different father .
“ He superimposed the African - Canadian person onto the family cluster in the original photo .
It was two photographs and one head was superimposed over the original family photo , ” said John Gosgnach , communications director for the social development division .
“ The goal was to depict the diversity of Toronto and its residents . ” National Post
We can either choose to accept reality , or we have to falsify it .
When we falsify it , we mislead others , which works for a while but then creates long - term resentments .
This is not the only example .
In addition to other incidents of people “ adding diversity , ” there are also cases of people subtracting diversity that also looks stoned , and lightening diversity so it appeals to a wider audience .
It ’s all the same response , pandering , to a reality people are n’t mature enough to face .
In American racial discourse , including Canada since it ’s a virtual clone of Vermont , the well - intentioned nanny state led by those who lacking self - esteem raise their social status through competitive altruism , panders to blacks and whites alike and creates false expectations and through that , anger , internal conflict , resentment and other small but many enduring problems .
These paralyze the society so it cannot make decisions , therefore lives with its problems getting worse every generation , until it slowly slides into third - world status — corruption , hypocrisy , disorganization , stupidity and lies .
Tags : cognitive dissonance , crowdism , passive aggression , status
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Claim : Photographs shows a “ Devil ’s Swimming Pool ” on the edge of Victoria Falls .
TRUE
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , March 2008 ]
In Zimbabwe , Africa , you will find the magnificent Victoria Falls , at a height of 128 m .
The location is known as the “ Devil ’s Swimming Pool ” .
During the months of September and December , people can swim as close as possible to the edge of the falls without falling over .
These falls are becoming well known amongst the “ radical tourist ” industry , when more and more people search for the ultimate experience .
In Zimbabwe , Africa , you will find the magnificent Victoria Falls , at a height of 128 m .
The location is known as the “ Devil ’s Swimming Pool ” .
During the months of September and December , people can swim as close as possible to the edge of the falls without falling over .
These falls are becoming well known amongst the “ radical tourist ” industry , when more and more people search for the ultimate experience .
Origins : The “ Devil ’s Pool ” ( or “ Devil ’s Swimming Pool ” ) shown in the pictures displayed above is a real phenomenon , a natural rock pool at the very top of Victoria Falls in Zambia where ( at certain times of year ) adventurous swimmers can splash around in relative safety just a few feet away from where the waters of the Zambezi River cascade over the waterfall and plunge more than 100 meters into the gorge below .
The terrifying aspect of such an adventure is heightened for first - time visitors because the pool does not appear to have any sort of barrier ( natural or otherwise ) to protect swimmers who jump into it from being swept over the edge of the falls .
In 2003 , travel writer Clive Andrews described his visit to the Devil ’s Pool for an article published in the UK newspaper The Mirror :
I ’m perched precariously on a slippery rock jutting out of the Zambezi .
Just a few feet in front of me the mighty I ’m perched precariously on a slippery rock jutting out of the Zambezi .
Just a few feet in front of me the mighty river cascades over the Victoria Falls , plunging 100 metres into the gorge below .
No matter how many times my guide , Vincent , insists that it ’s safe to dive in , I just ca n’t see what ’s going to stop me being swept over the edge and pureed on the jagged rocks at the bottom .
But it ’s taken me nearly an hour of stumbling over boulders in temperatures of more than 40 °C to get to Devil ’s Pool and I ’m not going to give in .
So I grit my teeth and take the plunge — after Vincent jumps in first , of course .
The current takes hold immediately , carrying me towards the edge .
But , before I can be dragged to a watery grave , I ’m stopped by a natural rock wall just beneath the surface .
As well as saving my life it allows me to peer over the edge and down into a deafening explosion of rainbow - coloured spray .
A truly incredible sight .
Many video clips of tourists enjoying visits to the Devil ’s Pool can be found on the Internet , such as the following :
Last updated : 4 February 2016
Sources :
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Technical analyst Robert Prechter on Monday said he sees the United States losing its top AAA credit rating by the end of 2010 , as he stuck by a deeply bearish outlook on the U.S. economy and stock market .
A U.S. Bureau of Engraving and Printing employee monitors printed bills at the Bureau of Engraving and Printing in Washington October 23 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Jim Young
Prechter , known for predicting the 1987 stock market crash , joins a growing coterie of market heavyweights in forecasting the United States will lose its top credit rating as the government issues trillions of dollars in debt to fund efforts to bail out the economy .
Fears about the long - term vulnerability of the prized U.S. credit rating came to the fore after Standard & Poor ’s in May lowered its outlook on Britain , threatening the UK ’s top AAA rating .
That move raised fears that the United States could face a similar risk , with the hefty amounts of government debt issued in both countries to pay for financial rescues causing budget deficits to swell .
Prechter , speaking at the Reuters Investment Outlook Summit in New York , said he sees investors ' confidence in an economic rebound fading , a trend that will drag the S&P 500 stock index .
SPX well below the March 6 intraday low of 666.79 by the end of this year or early next .
“ There will be a leg down in stock prices , and it will affect all other areas , ” including corporate bonds and commodities , said Prechter , who is executive officer at research company Elliott Wave International , based in Gainesville , Georgia .
Prechter , who is known for his bearish views , has repeatedly forecast a steep decline in stocks this year , even as the stock market has rebounded from 12 - year lows set in March as optimism about an economic recovery has risen .
Despite the government and Federal Reserve ’s massive rescues for financial companies and securities markets , Prechter expects credit markets to clam up again as they did in the first phase of the global financial crisis and for the U.S. economy to sink into a depression .
Although U.S. banks ’ recently passed government “ stress tests ” that assessed the adequacy of their capital levels to absorb losses and have been able to raise some capital in debt and equity markets , “ the banking sector is in severe trouble , ” as more loans turn bad , he said .
The economy “ is obviously heading toward a depression , ” despite the government ’s efforts to dodge one , said Prechter .
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke has not averted a re-run of the 1930s Great Depression , even though investors are becoming firmly convinced that the Fed has avoided disaster and that the economy has hit bottom .
“ It ’s the next leg down ( in stocks ) that will make it clear that these things are not true , ” Prechter said .
Yep , you read that right .
Luck .
To me , luck occurs when a positive and fairly unexpected event happens in your life , whether it be financial or otherwise .
Thus , improving your luck means increasing the chances of such positive events happening – and also increasing the chances that you ’ll be able to take advantage of them .
In other words , there ’s nothing supernatural about it .
No hoping , no holding four leaf clovers in your pocket , no rabbit ’s foot or lucky coin .
No “ think and it will happen ” Secret nonsense .
Just preparation , nothing more , nothing less .
Here are ten things you can do to make yourself more lucky .
1. Keep a notepad and a pen in your pocket at all times .
Wherever you go , keep a notebook and a pen in your pocket ( or a PDA or another device where you can easily record notes and thoughts ) .
Information is money , and having the ability to capture ideas when they occur to you or data when you observe it can be invaluable .
Some examples :
Writing down creative ideas for your work , whether freelance or otherwise .
People ask how I am consistently able to come up with ideas .
The real secret is n’t creative bursts , it ’s that whenever I have an idea cross my mind , I jot it down .
It might be at the park or in the grocery store or at two in the morning when I ’m awakened by my son ’s cries after a bad dream .
The key is to jot them down and not lose them .
Writing down information you learn from others .
You ’re chatting with a buddy and he tells you where you can get a great deal on big water bottles because you ’re getting into home brewing .
Instead of trying to remember what he said when you get home , just yank out your notebook and jot it down .
Not only will it help you remember , it can also flatter your friend if you do it right – say , “ Really ?
Wow … I need to remember that one ! ” then pull out the notebook , jot it down , and then say “ Thanks ! ”
They ’ll feel as though you thought their idea was really important ( which it was ) .
Writing down prices .
You ’re shopping at Sam ’s Club and observe what seems like a really cheap price on bulk fruit juice , but you ’re not sure if you can use that much or exactly how good of a deal that is .
Write down the price and the quantity now , then do the research later .
You might just find yourself saving quite a bit of money .
2 . Keep a reasonable amount of cash on you at all times .
Luck requires opportunity , and opportunity requires the ability to jump on things very quickly .
The most efficient way to make that happen is often cold , hard cash .
From the opportunity to buy a dozen ears of delicious Peaches and Cream sweet corn along the side of the road for a dollar in August to buying some unwanted computer equipment for pennies , cash often ends up being the grease in finding spectacular deals .
Here are some ways cash in hand can make you seem lucky :
Getting out of pinches .
If you run out of gas in the country , no amount of plastic will help , but a $ 5 bill at a farmhouse door might get you that gallon of gas you need to get into a nearby town and fill up .
Buying items at deep discounts .
Several months ago , I bumped into a friend who was trying to get rid of an old PC .
It was in fine condition and was fairly modern , except the hard drive was on the fritz and he did n’t want to deal with it .
$ 10 later , I had a new PC .
A $ 50 hard drive later , I was able to resell the whole system for about $ 200 and about thirty minutes ’ work .
That would have never happened without the $ 10 in my pocket .
Helping others .
See tip # 6 for more on this , but quite often having a $ 20 bill in your pocket when a friend is in a pinch can make all the difference .
Helping out a friend when they really need it – and often a bit of cash can do just that – will pay back huge dividends later on , whether you notice it or not .
3 . Do n’t get into a desperate debt situation .
A desperate debt situation , one where debt payments are eating up a significant portion of your monthly income , makes everything more difficult .
You have reduced freedom in your life – you ’re attached to your job , you ca n’t make a radical career or personal move very easily , and you do n’t have the free resources to make a sudden , significant purchase .
Here are three quick tactics for reducing debt :
Spend less than you earn .
Spending more than you earn means accumulating debt .
Spending less than you earn means removing debt and , eventually , building up savings .
Guess which one ’s better in the long term – and more likely to open up doors for you ?
Remember that the next time you blow cash without a good reason .
Make a debt repayment plan – and stick to it .
It ’s not as hard as it sounds : identify your debts and start paying them off in a logical order by making extra payments on one at a time until they ’re all gone .
Do n’t revert to overspending when your debt is under control .
Instead , start saving it .
Set up an automatic savings plan with your bank so that the money is n’t even there to tempt you .
Keep it out of sight until you need it for a specific purpose .
4 . Be social .
Most useful opportunities come about as a result of knowing other people and engaging in social opportunities .
Being involved in these kinds of situations can open you up to all sorts of new ideas and new opportunities .
This can be difficult , particularly if you ’re the type of person who is n’t exactly extroverted .
Nevertheless , here are some tactics you can try .
Make an effort to get to know the people around you .
The best place to start is with people you see on a daily basis already .
Your neighbors .
People who work in your building .
People you do n’t know well that are part of your social group .
Take some time to get to know these people .
Talk to them .
Ask what their interests are .
Invite them to do something socially with you .
Join social groups – and take leadership positions .
Your community is loaded with opportunities to meet people .
Dig through the community calendar and find groups that are at work already in your community .
Try out ones of interest , then get involved in ones that pique your interest even more .
Do n’t be afraid to step up and take leadership positions – that way , you can really get to know some of the people involved .
Do n’t sit back and be quiet in group situations .
When you are in social situations , do n’t be a wallflower .
Participate in the conversation and do n’t be afraid to let your voice be heard .
If you have an idea in your head , put it out there – even if it ’s not the strongest idea , it ’ll likely still spur on the conversation and help you build a connection with everyone involved .
That ’s far better than keeping it inside .
5. Establish relationships with many people who share your interests .
If you ’re already passionate about the topic , finding and connecting with others passionate about that topic can help you in countless ways .
You can tap into their knowledge on the topic , share your own ideas and experiences , and often share things outside of this interest area .
Here are some tactics for getting started .
Be an active participant in organizations that match your interests .
If you like to read , join a book club and participate actively .
If you like to play board games , see if there are any board gaming groups in your area and get involved .
The people in these groups already share a passion that you do , so you ’ve already got something in common with them .
Plus , it ’s quite likely that these people will have access to some incredible insights and bargains in your interest area .
Make an extra effort to reach out to people who you ’ve identified as having an interest overlap .
If you happen to meet someone casually who has an interest overlap with you , jump on board with that connection .
It can provide a great opportunity for you to build a friendship in an unexpected place .
Share your skills , ideas , and knowledge freely with others , particularly newcomers .
If you ’re already involved in a group with a particular interest , make an effort to outreach to new people who might stop in .
Not only will a friendly face help to encourage them to get involved , they ’ll often associate you with a very positive light , as you ’re the one who broke down some of that “ new ” barrier for them .
Similarly , when people come to such meetings looking for help , do n’t hesitate to offer what help you can provide .
6 . Help others out when they need it .
Luck often comes around in the form of help when you need it , and the best way to “ grease the rails ” for help when you ’ll eventually need it is by helping others out now .
If you ’re presented with an opportunity to help – particularly one that you can fulfill without infringing on your other responsibilities – the luckiest thing you can possibly do is help with all you can .
Share your time and resources whenever you can .
Always be willing to offer up your help when an opportunity comes along .
Give it willingly , without condition – just jump in and help out .
The sheer enjoyment of being helpful to others is enough , but when you consider that good deeds often come around in unexpected ways , one kind and helpful hand can provide more “ luck ” to you than you might ever know .
Build connections that people need .
If you know someone who can easily solve a problem someone else is facing , make that connection quickly and immediately .
Do n’t hesitate to call in a favor , either .
Make it happen and you ’ll not only help someone , but you ’ll help build a relationship between two people who can help each other out .
Do n’t expect something in return .
When you help others , do n’t expect something in return .
Instead , just enjoy the experience of helping that person out and the stronger relationship you ’re building .
That stronger relationship will be there for you later on in your time of need – just trust it and be a helpful friend whenever you can .
7 . Shop at places where extreme bargains might be found .
Enough about building relationships – where can I get “ lucky ” deals ?
The best place to look is off the beaten path – you ’re not going to find a great bargain at the local boutique shop .
Avoid “ high - end ” shops like the plague .
“ High - end ” shops , like the ones littering your local mall , rarely have true bargains .
Even the sale items are usually overpriced .
Instead , spend your time looking for truly amazing deals elsewhere and avoid that upscale mall ( the home of whatever the opposite of luck is ) like the plague .
Hit yard sales , consignment shops , local “ miscellany ” shops , and other bargain basement places regularly .
If you ’re going out to shop , do n’t head straight for the local chain store .
Instead , focus on places where you can find huge “ lucky ” deals – yard sales , consignment shops , and so on .
Look at Craigslist and Freecycle .
Just keep tabs on these by browsing the new entries regularly .
You can often find insane deals if you pay attention to these .
I ’ve acquired tons of free books and new computer equipment for free , and I picked up a huge Apple Store discount just by asking .
8 . Have confidence that you can do something challenging .
Having a diversity of skills and experiences under your belt can often open amazing and unexpected doors for you .
Being able to step up and say , “ I can do that , I ’ve done it before ” can result in all kinds of “ lucky ” experiences .
Here ’s how to dig in .
Try new activities regularly .
Do n’t just fill your day with the same old routines .
Try new activities , particularly ones that stretch your skill and also might be useful to others .
Learn how to do lots of home repair tasks .
Learn how to do basic maintenance on your car .
Know the basics of playing a lot of different sports and games , particularly card games that you might get a chance to play socially .
Read a wide variety of books .
Listen to a variety of music .
Travel to interesting places .
These will all teach you new things and get your foot in the door in certain situations .
Push the limits of what you think you can do .
Do n’t shrink back from a challenge .
Take it on .
If you fail , so what ?
You ’ll learn something new from that failure , too .
You ’ll discover only success from the effort put into pushing yourself , and those new limits can open “ lucky ” doors for you .
Make friends that encourage you to try new things , not discourage you .
I ’m incredibly lucky in that
my best ( non-spousal ) friend constantly encourages me to try new things .
He was one of the earliest encouragers of my work on The Simple Dollar and he ’s never been negative towards anything I ’ve wanted to try , always positive .
Because of that subtle encouragement , I ’ve been much more willing to try new things in my own life .
9 . Know the actual value of lots of items in a particular specialty .
The stories you hear of people buying something for fifty cents and transforming it into something quite valuable , often reselling it for a bundle , often occur because a person is rather knowledgeable about a particular area and the value of items in it .
If you have a particular area of interest , just knowing the value of items in that particular area of interest can pay huge dividends .
Keep up with your area of specialty .
My area of specialty is trading cards , particularly sports cards and collectible card games .
I keep pretty close tabs on going rates for items in this specialty – I browse eBay all the time and leaf through hobby publications in this area .
This keeps me pretty up to date about what ’s going on in those areas .
Keep an eye out for such items outside of their specialty area .
For this hobby , that means junk stores in rural towns .
If I ’m in a smaller town or city and I spot an old coin shop or a junk store , I ’ll always stop in and look around .
The stuff you can find in there is amazing , and it ’s for reasons like this why I ardently follow tip # 2 ( keeping cash on hand ) .
I ’ve purchased sealed packages of cards for a dollar a pop in these stores and sold them for over $ 100 a pop just a few weeks later .
Identify places that often have wildly mispriced items .
The best place to look are huge consignment shops and outlet shops where there are tons and tons of items for sale .
For example ,
a year ago I mentioned an article in The New Yorker that discussed a store chain in Nova Scotia called Frenchy ’s that basically consisted of huge bins of unsorted clothing bought in bulk .
If people dug through these bins , they were finding patent leather boots with high heels for just a few dollars .
Similarly , I ’ve bought amazing sweaters and Nike crosstrainer shoes for just a few bucks by going to overstocked outlet stores .
10 .
When you need something significant , tap your social network instead of buying blindly .
When you ’re thinking of making a big purchase , instead of just heading out to the store or even just doing research , hit your social network that you ’ve been crafting and see what sort of “ luck ” befalls you .
Here ’s how .
Keep tabs on any good “ inside deals ” that a friend might be able to get for you .
I have a friend of a friend who works at the Apple Store and has gotten me some significant discounts on items .
Similarly , another friend works for a particular electronics chain and has offered to get me 50 % off a flat panel television if we ever decide to upgrade .
Yet another friend works for an appliance manufacturer and has offered to help us get a great deal on our next washer and dryer ( especially timely , since our washer is on the fritz ) .
Whenever I hear about one of these deals , I jot them down so I remember them later when I need them ( yes , in my notebook mentioned earlier ) .
Ask around for suggestions on a purchase .
Whenever I look at a big purchase , I not only do my own research , but I call around and ask friends about their similar purchases .
Not only does it provide a great conversation opener , I usually learn a lot about the products out there .
It can often lead into great bargains as well , as it gives a great opportunity for friends to offer up good “ inside deals ” that they know about .
Ask around for bargains on a more specific purchase .
If you know the exact item you ’re buying , that ’s another time to hit the social network .
Tell people that you ’re looking at buying this specific item and ask them where they ’d buy it .
This again gives your network the opportunity to push you in the right direction with a purchase .
Do n’t be afraid to ask for help with a very big project .
Moving ?
Reshingling your roof ?
Erecting a fence ?
Call on your social network .
You ’ll be surprised what a good barbecue and a few beverages can get you in terms of help , transforming a massive project that would take you weeks into something done in an afternoon with a fun social event to boot .
That , my friends , is the best kind of “ luck . ”
Here ’s the long and short of it : build friendships , give freely of yourself , and put yourself in situations where you can take advantage of opportunities .
That ’s what luck is really made of – putting yourself in positions where opportunities simply pop up instead of just waiting for them to come along .
By Leigh Alexander .
At the E3 debut of Project Natal , Microsoft 's Don Mattrick called the controllers we 've known and loved " a barrier separating video game players from everyone else . "
Wait .
Is n't that the point ?
Should video game controllers really disappear ?
Advertisement
We 've heard a million times about how the cultural presence of games is growing exponentially thanks to the watershed of Nintendo 's motion control , burgeoning casual audiences and IP that now more neatly spans the world of film , games and books than it has in the past .
At that same E3 event , renowned film director Steven Spielberg referred to the controller as the last hurdle to overcome in the quest to make video games approachable to everyone .
With all this talk about new audiences and the tech designed to serve them it 's easy to get excited .
Advertisement
It 's also easy to feel a little lost in the shuffle .
For gamers who 've been there since before anyone cared about making games " for everyone , " having that object in our hands was more than a way to access the game world – it was half the appeal .
Anyone who 's ever pulled off a chain of combos in a console fighter can tell you about the joy of expertise and control .
More than that , the controller is a cultural object that has for decades defined a pastime – there are those who know how to use it and those who do n't , and being one of the skilled has always been a way for gamers to self - identify .
Who would we be without it ?
What 's So Wrong With Some Barriers ?
As creative director and co-founder of New York game development studio Area / Code ( best known for Parking Wars ) , Frank Lantz 's work focuses on using social media and connectivity to bring games and game - like entertainment to entirely new audiences .
But he still sees the value in keeping some barriers intact .
Advertisement
" Sorry to sound elitist , but I like that not everybody understands how to play games , and I doubt that I 'm alone , " says Lantz , who 's also director of New York University 's Game Center .
" That games require effort and a particular kind of tricky literacy is one of the things that makes them cool .
Would pianos be better if everyone could play them ?
Would punk rock sound better if your grandparents liked it ? "
Gamers may suffer some kind of identity crisis as the familiar markers of their beloved niche evolve – or disappear entirely .
The solution to that one 's easy : Get over it .
Like it or not , it 's clear that gaming 's not a " niche " anymore , and its shape will change .
Advertisement
The more pressing issue is whether or not controller - less gaming will truly make the medium richer .
Making something " more accessible " does n't necessarily make it better .
" It 's not about reinventing the wheel , " Spielberg said of Natal at E3 .
" It 's about no wheel at all . "
But the wheel remains an object essential to mobility no matter how transportation advances – even airplanes have them .
Objects In Hand Can Help Gameplay
Advertisement
Designer and Savannah College of Art and Design professor Brenda Brathwaite 's been said to have more continuous years working in the game industry than almost any other developer , and her concept of game design has evolved to encompass both digital and non-digital play .
In addition to designing games and teaching others to do the same , Brathwaite works on tabletop and board game projects , where physical game pieces are a crucial component .
For her , it 's all part of the same world .
" Baseball , the Olympics , Ticket to Ride and Bionic Commando are all games , and they share certain core characteristics , one of which is the ‘ controller , ' the way in which the players interact with the rules to produce the play , " she says .
Advertisement
Her latest project , Train , is aimed at provoking players to think about the Holocaust .
Players lead grim , gray boxcars full of little yellow pawns .
The draw cards along the way that release some of the figurines or slow the train ride .
Only when the first train reaches the " goal " do players learn that their final destination has been the Auschwitz concentration camp .
When Brathwaite unveiled it at this year 's Triangle Game Conference , audiences were awed , and some were even moved to tears .
Advertisement
The train 's tracks are laid out on glass panes that intentionally recall Krystallnacht , and the game 's rules are written on an SS typewriter — the interactions between player and objects are part of what inspire Brathwaite as a designer , and part of what makes Train so impactful to players , she says .
Brathwaite meticulously and thoughtfully considered each and every object in Train , and how each could support the game experience .
" We often talk as game developers about creating situations where the player has to make truly meaningful choices , " she says .
" I wondered : What would happen if I put that much attention into each component of the games themselves ? "
Reducing the physical interface , then , might mean less immersion for games .
Is The ‘ Invisible Controller ' A Fantasy ?
Advertisement
The argument in favor of controlling a game with your body is that it'll make the experience more like interacting in a lifelike way – but Lantz suggests this idea might be as much of a fantasy as " total " virtual reality .
" Games are experiences that are stylized , constrained , constructed , " says Lantz .
" They 'll always be some aspect of the interaction that needs to be learned that the player needs to become literate with . "
For example , the experience of playing Wii Tennis may be just enough like real tennis that the player is more aware they 're playing a video game – not less .
Advertisement
The idea of a perfect , " invisible " controller , then , is just as much a fantasy as the " seamless " simulation – and Lantz believes these two fantasies are interrelated , potential components of the same unrealistic goal .
" People associate these two things because of the power of the fantasy of some perfect , seamless , idealized game that 's ‘ just like life ' — as if there could be such a thing , as if it would even be useful if there were , " says Lantz .
" By the way , something that no one mentions is that one of the reasons that the Wiimote is so intuitive is that people know how to play tennis ! "
Advertisement
At some point , a Wii Tennis player must have had someone show them how to hold a real racket , or have had the experience of viewing tennis matches in order to understand the way racket and ball are intended to interact .
A tennis racket is already a perfect controller for an existing game – without it , Wii Tennis would n't be " intuitive " at all , Lantz says .
Does that mean motion controls are limited to only translating things people already have an idea of how to do ?
If so , that 's quite a limitation .
The ‘ Immersive Fallacy '
Lantz and a community of professors , veteran designers and authors like Eric Zimmerman and Katie Salen have defined this principle as the " immersive fallacy " – it may seem like the logical next step toward immersion to make the controller first more like a real object , and then to make it disappear , but that progression actually restricts games , not expands them .
Advertisement
Maxis ' Chris
Hecker agrees with the immersive fallacy principle –a game controller as " abstract interface " can act as a proxy for almost any kind of action .
" Our brains do an amazing job of mapping the abstract degrees of freedom of the controller to the verbs in the game , " Hecker says .
" By contrast , if you make a plastic guitar controller , it will only ever be used for guitar games . "
( Note : Although it is true that non-music applications for guitar peripherals are rare , an exception is 2008 IGF finalist Fret Nice , which was recently picked up for XBLA and PSN by Tecmo and is a 2D platformer playable with a guitar controller . )
With no controller at all , the game designer has two choices : simulate the exact actions , or represent complex verbs through short - cut , symbolic motions that will by nature become complex enough a language that it would have been simpler to use a controller to begin with , says Hecker .
Advertisement
" Would ICO be better if you had to stand up and yell and hold out your arm all the time ? " he asks .
" Going the other direction … is raise - your - left - hand - and - shake - it any more meaningful or accessible than push - the - triangle - button ? "
Lots To Gain
Despite a need to be wary of hype , developers still have good reason to be excited about the possibilities in new control schemes .
Lantz hopes that the physical interaction will help the game experience itself come to the forefront , instead of being overshadowed by talk about hardware and devices .
Advertisement
" If you think about the quintessential image of GTA IV , it 's basically a screenshot , " says Lantz .
" But if you think about the quintessential image of Rock Band or Wii Sports , it 's an image of people in a room doing something .
The real human bodies of the players are part of the game !
It 's wonderful ! "
And new technology always means exciting new ways to look at game design and player behavior .
Designers like Brathwaite who value the tangible , like Hecker who 's pleased with the possibilities in the abstract , and like Lantz , who loves modern controllers , can enjoy what Lantz calls " new opportunities to solve interesting problems and experiment with new game structures and new kinds of experiences . "
Advertisement
That means that , for the moment , a big appeal for developers in controller - less input schemes might be their novelty .
Gesture - based gaming , living room peripherals and other non-traditional control developments may have done a great deal to expand the audience and introduce new types of gaming experiences – but perhaps a " novelty " wo n't supplant our familiar controllers in the end .
After all , the wheel is not in need of reinvention .
And if it ai n't broke , why fix it – or throw it away ?
Advertisement
This image was lost some time after publication .
Geoffrey on Flickr . " />
[ Leigh Alexander is news director for Gamasutra , author of the Sexy Videogameland blog , and freelances reviews and criticism to a variety of outlets .
Her monthly column at Kotaku deals with cultural issues surrounding games and gamers .
She can be reached at leighalexander1 AT gmail DOT com . ]
Earlier this week , privacy and security researchers urged Google to improve the security of Gmail , Google Docs , and Google Calendar by enabling the more secure HTTPS encryption by default .
As it stands , all users currently log in to Google services over HTTPS .
However , most conduct the remaining bulk of their online business with Google -- reading and sending email , editing spreadsheets , and recording appointments -- over HTTP , an unsecure method that gives unfettered access to attackers interested looking at your communications .
Google responded promptly to the letter , saying in a blog post that they are planning tests to investigate the performance trade - offs involved with always - on HTTPS for Gmail , and that the additional cost of processing HTTPS connections would not keep them from implementing it across the board .
EFF would like to applaud Google 's efforts to offer better privacy defaults to its Gmail users , and we also urge them to prioritize these trials in order to expedite the widespread public implementation of always - on HTTPS .
Users should come to expect HTTPS from far more online communication services -- from webmail , to social networking , and even web search .
With constant improvements in technology and decreasing computing costs , every provider ought to accelerate efforts to support HTTPS for a wider variety of online communication .
In Surveillance Self - Defense , EFF encourages webmail users to always use HTTPS , whether through browser plugins like CustomizeGoogle for Gmail , or by activating an " always use https " setting , if available .
But research has shown that many users do n't change the default settings given to them in an application or service .
A paper on group calendar software reported that around 80 % of the users maintained the default access settings for their calendar -- whether the default was extremely permissive or more privacy protective .
For something as important as the security of private email communications , it 's clear that encryption should be the default .
Users should have strong protection right out of the starting gate for webmail and other online applications .
There is more to choosing an arrow for your compound bow than selecting an one which is not too long or short , but that is the first step in selecting the proper arrow .
Correct arrow length is partially determined by the shooter 's arm length and , therefore , the person who will be shooting the arrows should hold and draw the bow for this procedure .
The procedure for determining correct arrow length requires a second person to mark the arrow .
Hold the compound bow by the handle .
If you are right handed , hold the bow with your left hand .
Place the arrow nock on the bowstring with the arrow resting on the arrow rest , just above the handle and the arrow perpendicular to the string .
Draw the bow to full draw .
In this position , the arm holds the bow fully extended with the elbow locked , and the bowstring and arrow nock touch the corner of the shooter 's mouth on his dominant side .
If you are right handed , this is the right side of your mouth .
Keep the arrow pointed in a safe direction downrange at all times .
Measure along the arrow 1 inch from the front -- the point furthest from the shooter -- of the arrow rest while the shooter holds the bow at full draw .
Mark the arrow at that spot .
After the arrow is marked , the shooter should let down the bowstring without letting go of the arrow and remove the arrow from the compound bow .
For safety 's sake , make sure that your helper does not stand in front of the arrow .
Have him stand only to the side .
Measure the arrow from the bottom of the nock -- the point the string rests against -- to the mark made while the arrow was at full draw .
Brazil 's president , Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , writing in the Guardian in March , offered us these words of hope : " No country has a larger stake in reversing the impact of global warming than Brazil .
That is why it is at the forefront of efforts to come up with solutions that preserve our common future . "
Lula 's words are fine .
But we are still waiting for real action .
For the last 10 years , Greenpeace has been working in the Amazon alongside communities to protect the rainforest .
Last week , Greenpeace released a report which was the result of a three - year investigation into the role of the cattle industry in driving illegal deforestation in the Brazilian Amazon .
The report , Slaughtering the Amazon , reveals the devastating impacts cattle ranching is having on the climate , biodiversity and local communities .
Cattle ranching is the biggest cause of deforestation , not only in the Amazon , but worldwide .
The report reveals that the Brazilian government is a silent partner in these crimes by providing loans to and holding shares in the three biggest players – Bertin , JBS and Marfrig – that are driving expansion into the Amazon rainforest .
Greenpeace is now about to enter into negotiations with many of the companies that have either found their supply chain and products contaminated with Amazon leather and beef or who are buying from companies implicated in Amazon deforestation – big brands such as Adidas , Clarks , Nike , Timberland and most of the major UK supermarkets .
Meanwhile , back in Brazil , the federal prosecutor in Para state has announced legal action against farms and slaughterhouses that have acted outside of the law .
It has sent warning letters to Brazilian companies buying and profiting from the destruction .
Bertin and JBS are in the firing line – companies part - owned by the Brazilian government .
While this is a positive step , it 's clear that we can't bring about real change and win an end to Amazon destruction for cattle without real action from the government and from big corporations in Europe and the US , who are providing the markets .
Another , worrying example of the widening chasm between rhetoric and reality is a new bill that has just passed through the Brazilian senate .
If Lula gives his consent , it will legalise claims to at least 67 m hectares of Amazonian land — an area the size of Norway and Germany put together – that is currently held illegally .
A second bill , before the Brazilian congress , proposes to more than double the percentage of Amazon rainforest that can be cleared legally within a property .
If passed , the effect of both these bills will be to legalise increased deforestation of the Amazon rainforest .
Lula 's decision to fund the cattle ranching industry with public money makes no sense when its expansion threatens the very deforestation reduction targets that Lula champions .
The laws now waiting for his approval will represent a free ride for illegal loggers and cattle ranchers .
It is clear that Brazil now faces a choice about what sort of world leader it wants to be – part of the problem or part of the solution .
Protecting Brazil 's rainforest is a critical part of the battle to tackle climate change and must be part of a global deal to protect forests at the climate change talks in Copenhagen at the end of the year .
But while world leaders are making speeches , we are losing vast tracts of rainforest .
We must also tackle the dirty industries that are driving deforestation if we are to protect the Amazon and the climate for future generations .
YouTube , the largest video streaming Web site in the world , has 13 million users in Germany , a spokesman , Henning Dorstewitz , said .
Each user watches at least one music video a month on average , so the new cost would add up to payments of more than 1.6 million euros annually .
Mr. Dorstewitz called the payment demanded by GEMA prohibitive .
“ Under GEMA ’s proposed terms , we would lose significant amounts of money with every playback , ” he said .
YouTube began blocking music videos from its site in Britain on March 9 , three months after its contract expired with the Performing Rights Society , a British agency representing artists .
The British group is seeking 0.22 of a cent for each streamed video from YouTube , far less than what the German group is requesting .
Representatives for the German and British agencies said they had not asked Google to remove the videos .
Mr. Dorstewitz said Google removed the videos to avert any lawsuits from artists .
Bettina Müller , a spokeswoman for GEMA , said her agency , which represents 62,000 songwriters , composers and music publishers , needed detailed information on which videos were viewed so it could distribute fees to appropriately .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - General Motors
Corp ’s bankruptcy will forever be tied to one dealership in an often - ignored neighborhood due to the quirks of U.S. bankruptcy law .
Before GM filed its historic bankruptcy on Monday , Chevrolet - Saturn of Harlem made its own Chapter 11 filing .
The dealership ’s move gave the automaker legal access to its preferred bankruptcy court in Manhattan .
Normally a Detroit - based company such as GM would file in Michigan or Delaware , where it is incorporated .
The only way for it to file in New York would be through a subsidiary that did most of its business in New York or was incorporated in the state .
Court papers appear to describe a car dealer that sold significantly more corporate bonds than Camaros , running up $ 40 billion of debts and obligations to unions .
Rather than try to pinpoint the financial state of the dealership , GM simply listed its own consolidated creditors and assets with the affiliate , which is typical in such a case , said Greg Werkheiser , a bankruptcy lawyer with Morris , Nichols , Arsht & Tunnell in Wilmington , Delaware .
Once the attorneys handling the General Motors bankruptcy decided they wanted to file the case in Manhattan , known for its expertise and speed in handling huge bankruptcies such as Enron and WorldCom , they needed to find a way to bring it to Broadway .
The technique has been used before .
Chicago - based General Growth Properties , the second - largest mall owner in the United States , recently used its South Street Seaport unit in New York to file for bankruptcy in Manhattan .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
The problem for GM : of the 174 affiliates listed in its annual report , none appear to satisfy the requirements for a New York filing .
That ’s where the Harlem dealership came in .
The dealership on Second Avenue in East Harlem opened a few years ago with much fanfare as an investment in a minority - owned business in a struggling neighborhood .
However , the franchise did not work out as planned and GM took it over , becoming a rare company - owned store that the automaker planned to run until another franchisee could be found .
As the government ’s deadline for GM to restructure neared , the dealership became something far more valuable : a way to file for bankruptcy in Manhattan .
On Monday morning , the dealership was open and showed no signs it had filed for bankruptcy , with employees walking through a showroom stocked with vehicles including Saturn Aura sedans and Cadillac Escalades .
A man who said he was the owner , but declined to further identify himself , told Reuters that he had no comment on the bankruptcy .
MEXICO CITY , Mexico ( CNN ) --
More than two dozen Mexican public servants , including 10 mayors and several police chiefs , allegedly linked to illicit drugs and organized crime were arrested in simultaneous raids in Michoacan state , its governor said .
Federal policemen in Mexico City escort a bus with arrested officials from Michoacan state Tuesday .
The secrecy leading up to the arrests was so extensive , Gov. Leonel Godoy said , that even he did not know about them until after they began .
A major drug cartel , the Michoacan Family , was a focus of the six - month investigation , a spokesman for the federal attorney general 's office said .
" This is an effort to take apart the protection nets that were operating in coordination with the Michoacan Family , an effort to recover the geographical spaces lost to the hands of organized crime , " said Ricardo Najera .
The Michoacan Family has been blamed for numerous acts of violence in the country , including the killings last September of seven people and the wounding of more than 100 others .
Godoy expressed concern that the legal rights of those arrested may not have been observed .
" We are finding out if they did this according to the constitution , because the fight against organized crime is a necessary one , but it 's necessary to see if they respected what they said , " Godoy said .
The arrests in the Pacific coast state were made in the cities of Morelia , Uruapan , Tepalcatepec , Apatzingán , Buenavista and others , he added .
In addition to the mayors and police chiefs , 17 current and former government officials , including five municipal presidents and two directors of municipal public security , were arrested , the government said on its Web site .
The city of Morelia , site of numerous drug - turf battles is the birthplace of President Felipe Calderon .
Since taking office in December 2006 , Calderon has been waging a fierce battle against the nation 's well - entrenched drug interests that has left more than 10,000 people dead in its wake .
CNN 's Krupskaia
Alis contributed to this story .
All About Mexico • Crime • Felipe Calderon • Drug Trafficking
Conservative protesters believe the film undermines Islamic values People in the Saudi capital Riyadh are being allowed to go to the movies for the first time in 30 years .
The film is a Saudi - made offering called Menahi , a comedy about a naive Bedouin who moves to the big city .
A few religious hardliners have tried to turn movie - goers away , or to disrupt the performances .
No women were allowed into the performance , which followed similar initiatives in other Saudi cities with more liberal Islamic traditions .
The country has begun to open up to the arts since King Abdullah came to the throne in 2005 .
But it still took the film 's producers five months to gain government permission for showings in Riyadh , at a government - run cultural centre , and there was little advance publicity .
Public cinemas were shut down in Saudi Arabia in the 1970s , as the country 's deeply conservative leaders feared they would lead to the mixing of the sexes , and undermine Islamic values .
Since then , there 's been little public entertainment , except for horse and camel racing , and festivals celebrating traditional Saudi culture .
Saudi Arabia is also the base of the Arabic entertainment company Rotana , owned by the billionaire Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal .
The Rotana network has produced Menahi , and it has already been showing it in several other Saudi cities , including Jeddah and Taif .
Woman were allowed into screenings outside Riyadh , although they sat on the upper floor while the ground floor was reserved for men .
But Islamic practice is even stricter in Riyadh .
Popcorn
The film has been showing in Riyadh since Friday , at the King Fahd Cultural Centre , with two performances a day attracting near capacity audiences of about 300 .
On Saturday , a group of conservative men gathered outside the centre , trying to persuade people from going in .
Most cinema - goers politely ignored them , as they queued up for soft drinks and popcorn , and for a chance to pose with the film 's stars .
Prince Alwaleed , a nephew of King Abdullah , has said he believes that cinemas will eventually open in Saudi Arabia .
And last year the kingdom held its first Saudi film festival .
The audience for Menahi has been enthusiastic , with one movie - goer , quoted by AFP news agency , calling it " the first step in a peaceful revolution " .
In 2005 , the Saudi authorities allowed a hotel in Riyadh to screen foreign cartoons dubbed into Arabic to audiences - but only to women and children .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Patches of burnt grass are seen in a tree forest in the Ugandan north - eastern plains in 2007 .
Uganda has lost nearly a third of its forest cover since 1990 due to expanding farmlands , a rapidly growing human population and increased urbanisation , a government report said on Friday .
Uganda has lost nearly a third of its forest cover since 1990 due to expanding farmlands , a rapidly growing human population and increased urbanisation , a government report said on Friday .
In 1990 , the east African nation had more than five million hectares of forest cover but by 2005 only 3.5 million hectares ( 8.6 million acres ) remained , the report , published by Ugandan 's National Environment Management Authority ( NEMA ) , said .
If deforestation continues at the present rate Uganda will have lost all its forested land by 2050 , it warned .
On average 10 percent of the population of Uganda has access to electricity , while the rest make do with firewood for cooking .
" Because 89 percent of rural Ugandans rely on burning firewood for cooking , deforestation is occurring at an alarming rate , " NEMA said .
Compounding the problem is that Uganda , an east African country of roughly 31 million people , has one of the world 's highest population growth rates .
Recent government estimates put the figure at more than seven live births per adult female .
This growth rate has resulted in the expansion of built - up areas in urban areas , particularly around the capital Kampala .
Three districts surrounding Kampala lost more than 78 percent of their forestland since 1990 , as people have migrated out of the increasingly crowded city into neighbouring regions , according to the report .
( c ) 2009 AFP
Explore further Monkey species discovery overshadowed by threat
March 3 , 2009  -- California college freshman Stephanie Parks dreamed of attending an expensive , private four - year college with an annual price tag of $ 50,000 , but her parents made her settle for Sonoma State , " a cheaper alternative at one - third the cost , " she said .
But when the recession hit colleges hard at the end of last year , Parks was astounded to learn she could only be guaranteed enrollment in one two - credit course for the spring semester .
" I could n't get any classes , " she told ABCNews.com .
" There were budget cuts and teachers were laid off left and right .
All they could offer me was a workout class , and it was not even anything that counted for anything .
It was really bad . "
Fed up , Parks enrolled at Foothill , a community college in Mountainview , instead of paying the $ 15,000 a year at Sonoma State , a public college .
She now carries an 18 - credit course load for a little more than $ 1,200 a year .
In two years , Parks will have an associate 's degree and with what she calls " great transfer arrangements , " she will be able to eventually graduate from a four - year college .
" For our generation the competition to get into college is huge , " said the 19 - year - old .
" Getting in where you want is hard enough , and not being able to pay is even worse .
It was a better choice to go home to mom and dad and save some money and see where I really fit in . "
Parks is one of thousands of new students who are flocking to the nation 's community colleges during what some economists are predicting will be a long recession .
These two - year schools are reporting unprecedented spring - term enrollments , driven by students seeking better bargains and laid - off workers looking for new job skills .
Job Seekers Reinvent Resumes
More than 3.6 million Americans have lost their jobs since the recession started at the end of 2007 , with more than half of those layoffs coming in the last three months .
With a national unemployment rate at 7.6 percent and jobs in nearly every sector except health care drying up , the community colleges are a cost - effective way to reinvent the resume in a changing economic landscape .
Parks , who is a communications major , is watching her parents ' careers carefully , thinking she might go into the health - care field like her stepfather , rather than technology like her mother .
" My mom is in a techie and I see her job 's on the edge -- there are always layoffs , " said Parks .
" My stepdad is always steady .
I have to consider what 's best for me in this economy . "
Although final figures are not in , community colleges from New Hampshire to California are anecdotally reporting jumps in their enrollment since spring of last year of 4 percent to 19 percent , according to The Associated Press .
Nationwide , the average annual cost of community college is $ 2,402 , compared to $ 6,585 at in - state public four - year schools , according to the College Board .
Average tuition and fees for private four - year schools is $ 25,143 .
' Affordable and Closer to Home '
" I was going to a much larger school out of state and paying $ 45,000 a year to go there , " straight - A business major Elizabeth Leone says in an ad for the New Hampshire Technical Institute .
" I am getting a better experience here … and it 's more affordable and closer to home . "
Delaware Technical & Community Colleges ' Georgetown campus has seen a 6.8 percent rise .
And in New York , Ulster County Community College has seen its enrollment swell by 15.5 percent .
At Wor-Wic Community College in Salisbury , Md. , where the marketing slogan is " Stay Here … Go Anywhere , " enrollment is up 15 percent since last spring , making it the fastest growing community college in the state .
The biggest jump has been in the number of freshman , like Parks , who started out at four - year colleges , according to president Ray Hoy .
At $ 2,600 a year , Wor -Wic is a bargain and 48 percent of all its students are on financial aid .
" For the first time we are seeing many students who made a commitment to a four - year - college , made a deposit and then sometime between Thanksgiving and Christmas , when their parents were losing college savings and their 401 ( k ) plans , they had to reevaluate their personal situations , " he told ABCNews.com .
" They decided to come home and go to their community college , and then , after two years , go on to the college of their choice , " said Hoy .
The small college -- with 3,400 students -- is also catering to adults hoping to brush up their resumes or learn new skills sets .
They are drawn in record numbers to classes in technology , nursing , radiology and business management .
And at non-training programs , classes in truck driving , phlebotomy and geriatric nursing are thriving .
Honing Skills to Keep Job
" People are losing their jobs or retrenching , " said Hoy .
" A lot of people who have jobs want to make sure they are indispensable to their employers and are taking additional classes .
If a company is cutting back , you want the skill set you need to keep you and let someone else go . "
Melissa David , 35 , was a successful real estate agent in Parkersburg , Md. , when the housing and mortgage crisis hit .
She had always dreamed of going into medicine , and with a nursing shortage looming , she decided to go back to school .
" Not a day goes by when I do n't open a newspaper and see an ad for something in the health - care field , " said David , whose 7 - year - old son competes with her to " get straight A's . "
" With the economy being as it is , it was obvious that the real estate market was slowing down and I had been thinking about going back and [ getting ] an education , " she told ABCNews.com .
" If ever I was going to go back to school , now was a good time to do it . "
David , who got a generous amount of financial aid , said the work at Wor - Wic is " really tough " but that it 's " an exceptional program . "
She hopes to go on to get her R.N degree at a four - year college after two years .
College Costs Escalating
But community colleges , like their four - year counterparts , are struggling with a steady increase in the number of college students nationwide and escalating costs .
" It 's an exciting time , but we 're not getting any more money to pay for new students , " said Hoy , who only budgeted for an 8 percent rather than a 15 percent increase in student enrollment .
And tuition only covers " 40 cents on the dollar . "
" Unfortunately , we always grow at the wrong time , " said Hoy .
" It 's good for students , but our funding base is state and local tax dollars .
When the economy is bad and tax revenues are down , they need to cut us and hold us back . "
To accommodate more students , the college will see bigger classes and use adjunct instructors rather than full - time professors .
" What a challenge , " he said .
The private colleges , who have traditionally competed with the nation 's large public universities , are now paying attention to the community colleges , according to the Association of Independent Colleges and Universities .
To keep student costs lower , 92 percent of all these institutions have increased financial assistance , according to association spokesman Tony Pals .
" We have been very aggressive in making sure they can increase student aid , " Pals told ABCNews.com , emphasizing the " value " of a four - year college that other studies show students who attend four - year colleges are more likely to excel and eventually graduate .
Some private colleges are also offering innovative ways to cut costs .
This fall , at Hartwick College in Oneonta , N.Y. , students will be able to cut their costs by getting a degree in three years instead of four , saving more than $ 40,000 on the eventual diploma .
Still , Hartwick 's total price tag next year will be 3.9 percent higher -- at $ 41,550 , an amount many in this new economy will not be able to afford .
Older Students Seek Degrees
William " Stuart " Mills dreams of one day getting his bachelor 's degree in social work or communications at a four - year college .
But for now , with four children , he says community college fits the bill nicely .
At 34 , Mills always regretted that he had dropped out of high school .
Without an education , he was relegated to manual labor , in construction , and automotive and restaurant work .
" I was expressing to my oldest son the importance of graduating when he was 12 or 13 and it came back to bite me in the rear end , " Mills told ABCNews.com .
A little more than a year ago , he completed an external diploma program .
Now , he will be the first in his family to attend college and has enrolled in the general studies program at Wor -Wic .
Disabled since 2000 with a back injury , he supports his family on a limited income .
" I am tired of saying to my kids , ' You ca n't get that $ 50 pair of shoes , ' " he said .
He hopes the associate 's degree will eventually lead to a bachelor 's degree at a four - year college .
" I am thankful for the opportunity in my mid-30s and to be in school and I think my wife is proud of me , " Mills said .
" But there are a lot of obstacles in my way between now and then .
I had to skip class yesterday because my son broke his leg and my wife is ill and starts chemotherapy soon . "
" But my instructors are a great bunch of people and they 've been really supportive , " he said .
" I have a lot of optimism as far as my education and prospects of getting a job . "
With as many set - top boxes as there suddenly appear to be in the home video market , as long as any one of them has a strong central feature , it could be the one that becomes a household name .
Look at TiVo , Slingbox , and AppleTV : Each of these built a TV - based ecosystem around a single unique feature : TiVo's was the DVR , Slingbox was the place - shifting concept , and AppleTV was iTunes .
Now , IPTV startup Myka has designed its own media center STB , focusing on BitTorrent as its winning central feature .
And while it does n't carry all the functions one would expect in a home theater PC ( HTPC ) , it offers enough power and functionality to be considered a little more than your run -of - the - mill set top box .
Like the title says , if you 're a little bit lazy ... you could even consider Myka a pre-built HTPC .
Betanews got an exclusive look at this new device .
Advertisement
Openness and simplicity do not often walk hand - in - hand , as anyone with a good deal of experience the various Linux distributions knows .
Yet somehow , Myka has managed to deliver a Linux - based STB with the fantastic customizability of that open environment that still manages to " just work . "
For example , it can be used as a simple home media server and be loaded with content such as movies , music , and pictures to be watched on the living room TV .
Personal media players ( it 's iPod friendly ) and mass storage devices can all plug into Myka via USB and be navigated with the remote control .
Users can also browse streaming Web video sites such as YouTube and CNN , with more services expected in the near future .
To set up torrent downloads , users can log onto my .
myka.tv on their PC , type in their desired torrent 's URL , and the STB automatically starts to download it .
It ends up feeling a lot like the Netflix Instant Queue for the Roku set top box or Xbox Live .
Myka 's Torrent Manager includes a weekly scheduler , which lets the user set limits on downloads so as to not trigger throttling or exceed bandwidth caps .
The simple graph sets limits on upstream and downstream speeds and select times of day when full sharing , limited sharing , or no sharing is allowed .
While video quality will vary depending upon the file being played , Myka 's default resolution is 720 p at 60 Hz .
When the device is connected via HDMI to a higher resolution screen , it automatically corrects itself .
We tested the device at its maximum resolution of 1080 p 59.94 Hz , and .MKV and .
Xvid files played back in high definition with no lagging or crashing .
Beyond the simplicity , the device offers a number of features that will appeal to users looking for more control , or users who are familiar with Syabas NMT ( Networked Media Tank ) , upon which Myka is based .
The device includes a UPnP AV Server , myiHome Server , an FTP Server , Samba Server , NFS Server , its Torrent Client , and a Usenet Client , all of which can be turned off or halted as the user needs .
Because of this server technology , Myka can be contacted via telnet , FTP , or simply through a Web browser connected to the home network .
In the end , Myka is a solid product that delivered everything it is capable of delivering with zero failures in our tests .
Every USB device we plugged in , which included phones , Mp3 players , and USB HDDs were all instantly recognized , our networked HDD was recognized , and FTP and browser - based access were all flawless .
There are other products on the market which have been designed to do the same things as Myka , but actually offer less at a higher cost .
Myka is available with either a 250 GB ( $ 199 ) or 1 TB ( $ 299 ) internal hard drive , and is shipping now .
I work for a department that provides computer hardware support at an integrated steel mill .
The company produces steel from raw materials to finished product .
The steel workers take shifts around the clock , seven days a week , and our group is on call for production emergencies .
I received a call one weekend that a production printer would not print out the lineup sheets .
Our company is fairly large , and I had never been to this particular location before .
It was a trailer located in the steel slab yards .
This is where they store steel slabs until ready for processing .
The workers in the trailer operate the cranes in the slab yard and mark the steel with order numbers .
[ Want to cash in on your IT experiences ?
Send your tech tale , lesson learned the hard way , or war story from the trenches to offtherecord@infoworld.com .
If we publish it , we 'll send you a $ 50 American Express gift card . ]
I went into the trailer and noted about eight employees sitting around a table playing cards .
" Nice job if you can get it ! " I thought .
They indicated that the printer across the room would not print .
I asked if it had been printing at all and they said , " Yes , it was printing earlier , but then just stopped . "
I had never seen this type of printer before .
It was a Japanese model , about four feet tall and three feet wide .
I thought to myself , " How am I going to begin repairing this ? "
I knew we would have no spare parts for this printer , as I had never seen another like it anywhere in the plant .
Upon inspection , there were no lights lit .
I pressed a few buttons to no avail .
I considered that maybe the power supply had died .
First , I had to verify if it had power .
I followed the power cord across the room to where the men were playing cards .
The cord went around the table to the socket .
I could immediately see that one of the men's chair legs had knocked the cord out of the socket .
I reached around and plugged the cord into the socket .
The printer sprang to life and started printing out the lineup sheets .
Incredulously , I said to the men , " There are eight of you here and not one of you could figure out that the printer was unplugged ? "
" Not my job ! " was their reply .
I just shook my head and left , content to get four hours ' pay ( the minimum call - in rate ) for five minutes of work .
I could n't believe that the employees could be so apathetic or unmotivated that they did n't at least try to resolve the problem before calling someone in .
It was n't a rocket - science solution , nor would it take any skill to solve .
It 's no wonder that IT costs are high , when you get silly calls like this one .
Origins and consequences of the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre
By John Chan
4 June 2009
Two decades ago , on June 4 1989 , Beijing resembled a war zone , with trucks ablaze , rapid and continuous gunfire and tanks rolling through streets strewn with dead bodies .
During the previous weeks , around 200,000 troops from the People ’s Liberation Army ( PLA ) had been brought into the capital following the imposition of martial law .
On the orders of China ’s paramount leader Deng Xiaoping , the army crushed the two month - long protests by workers and students against the Stalinist Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) regime .
Although the events of June 3 - 4 are generally referred to as the Tiananmen Square massacre , most of the killings occurred when 40,000 heavily - armed troops forced their way through densely - populated working class districts to reach Tiananmen Square on the evening of June 3 and the following morning .
Roadblocks were set up in the surrounding suburbs and pitched street battles took place between workers and the mechanised PLA .
Students began their protests in Beijing in April 1989 , demanding democratic reforms .
These opened the floodgates for a nationwide upheaval of the urban working class , which began to advance far more radical social demands .
About 100 million people , encompassing virtually every higher - learning institution , half the country ’s technical schools and countless factories , mines and offices in some 400 cities participated in one form or another .
By strangling the movement in Beijing , then unleashing a countrywide crackdown , including the arrest of tens of thousands of activists , the regime survived the revolutionary crisis .
Confronted by the mass protests , the regime was deeply divided .
CCP general secretary Zhao Ziyang , who supported the students and liberal intelligentsia in order to accelerate his market reform agenda , was purged and placed under house arrest .
A section of PLA soldiers expressed sympathy for the protestors , raising the spectre of civil war .
Fearing the eruption of new oppositional movements , Beijing ended any talk of democratic reform after 1989 .
The regime ’s official death toll of just 241 , including soldiers , is disputed by almost every independent study of the massacre .
Estimates range from 2,000 to 7,000 dead .
The repression was aimed not only at intimidating the Chinese masses , but at sending an unambiguous message to global investors that China ’s police - state apparatus could be relied upon to regiment and contain the working class .
On June 2 , 1989 , the CCP Politburo Standing Committee met with the party ’s “ Elders ” headed by Deng and decided to clear Tiananmen Square by force .
At the meeting , Wang Zhen , one of Mao ’s peasant generals , expressed the sentiments of those present : “ Those goddamn bastards !
Who do they think they are , trampling on sacred ground like Tiananmen so long ?!
They ’re really asking for it !
We should send the troops right now to grab those counter - revolutionaries , Comrade Xiaoping !
What ’s the People ’s Liberation Army for , anyway ?
What are the martial law troops for ?
They ’re not supposed to just sit around and eat ! ...
We ’ve got to do it or the common people will rebel !
Anybody who tries to overthrow the Communist Party deserves death and no burial ! ” [ 1 ]
Wang ’s comments demonstrated the open class hostility of the CCP towards the urban working class .
The regime , which came to power in 1949 on the basis of Mao ’s peasant armies , was never socialist or communist .
By 1989 , forty years later , it functioned as a police - state instrument against the Chinese proletariat on behalf of world imperialism .
The evolution of Maoism
The Tiananmen Square massacre confirmed the Trotskyist critique of Stalinism as an agent of world imperialism .
Maoism was a variant of Stalinism that emerged following the crushing defeat of the working class during the 1925 - 27 Chinese revolution — the direct product of Stalin ’s class - collaborationist policy of subordinating the CCP to the bourgeois Kuomintang ( KMT ) .
In the aftermath , a section of the CCP leadership turned to Trotskyism and maintained its orientation to the urban proletariat .
Mao Zedong , however , was deeply pessimistic about the revolutionary capacity of the working class , insisting on turning to the peasantry , with a perspective of a rural guerrilla war waged by a “ Red Army ” .
The evolution of Maoism into a murderous , anti-working class regime had its origins in the rejection of international socialism in favour of the Stalinist perspective of the national road to socialism .
According to Stalin’s “ two - stage ” theory , backward countries like China had to first pass through a prolonged period of capitalist development , to allow the consolidation of large - scale industry and the working class , thus relegating the socialist revolution to the distant future .
It was precisely this theory that strangled the Chinese revolution in 1927 .
In the course of the twentieth century , the “ two - stage ” theory has produced only disaster for the working class .
Throughout Asia , every Stalinist party has supported , in one way or another , the interests of their own national bourgeoisie .
In 1965 , the mass Indonesian Communist Party subordinated the working class to the bourgeois nationalist Sukarno , even as the military under General Suharto carried out its US - backed coup and slaughtered half a million workers and peasants .
Just as the Vietnamese Communist Party ’s “ victory ” over US imperialism in 1975 paved the way for the country ’s transformation into today ’s cheap labour platform , so the coming to power of the Maoists in 1949 prepared for China ’s eventual emergence in the 1990s as the sweatshop of the world .
In the early 1930s , Leon Trotsky had warned that the CCP under Mao was a movement of “ revolutionary petty proprietors ” , whose program represented the interests not of the working class but of the bourgeoisie , and whose peasant army would be deeply hostile to the working class if it succeeded in capturing the cities .
The CCP ’s overthrow of the KMT regime in 1949 vindicated Trotsky ’s analysis .
To sustain the CCP ’s “ bloc of four classes ” — the bourgeoisie , petty bourgeoisie , peasantry and proletariat — Mao ’s armies suppressed any independent activity by urban workers and physically destroyed the Chinese Trotskyist movement .
The commanding stratum of the PLA provided a ready - make bureaucracy for the new state to suppress any initiative of the masses .
Mao embraced the Stalinist dogma of “ building socialism in one country ” .
His turn towards nationalising industry and bureaucratically planned production was not a socialist policy involving democratic workers ’ control , but a response to the economic crisis provoked by the Korean War in 1950 - 53 and the integration of China into the Soviet bloc .
Deeply fearful of the impact of the uprisings of Hungarian and Polish workers in 1956 , Mao supported Moscow ’s military crackdown in Eastern Europe and sought to pre-empt a similar upheaval in China through the persecution of half a million workers and intellectuals in 1957 .
Mao was always fearful of the fact that the development of large - scale industry would served to strengthen the urban working class at the expense of the peasantry .
In the late 1950s , he rejected a new five - year plan , implementing instead a series of utopian experiments in building “ socialist ” rural communes on the basis of “ backyard technology ” .
The result was an economic disaster that allowed more openly pro-capitalist elements , led by Liu Shaoqi and Deng Xiaoping , to promote a pro-market agenda of decollectivising farms , allowing autonomy to state enterprise and encouraging trade .
To hold onto his position , Mao launched the “ Cultural Revolution ” in 1966 , mobilising millions of student youth in a campaign against the “ capitalist roaders ” .
Its reactionary character was underscored by its attack on everything associated with urban culture as “ bourgeois ” .
The Tiananmen Square massacre in 1989 was not the first time that the PLA was unleashed against the working class .
In 1967 , when millions of workers began to raise their own demands for the smashing of the hated state bureaucracy and formed mass industrial revolt committees , Mao did not hesitate to use the army to crush them , killing thousands .
By the late 1960s and early 1970s , “ Red China ” was a society dominated by repressive military rule , the grotesque personality cult of Mao and economic stagnation .
In 1971 , to head off further political turmoil , Mao was driven to reach a rapprochement with US imperialism , making a mockery of his anti-imperialist demagogy .
The economic and political crisis , however , was not unique to China .
In the same year , the collapse of the Bretton Woods monetary system marked the end of the post - war boom , amid a wave of revolutionary struggles by the working class across the globe between 1968 and 1975 .
The autarkic Stalinist regimes were becoming increasingly vulnerable under conditions of the emergence of globalised production .
Just as Mao ’s policies created economic havoc in China , the Soviet Union was mired in economic stagnation .
The two supposedly comradely regimes came to military blows — a product of their nationalism and chauvinism — allowing Washington to woo Beijing to its side .
Washington turned to China , not just to gain its political support against the Soviet Union .
With international capital desperately searching for new sources of cheap labour to boost falling rates of profit and to attack the social position of workers in the advanced capitalist countries , the opening up of China offered new economic opportunities .
Even before Mao ’s death in 1976 , Western corporations began to return to China .
From 1971 - 74 , China ’s trade with the non-Soviet bloc more than trebled .
As early as 1975 , Zhao Ziyang , then CCP secretary of Sichuan province , decollectivised farms , helping to propel him to political prominence .
Mao ’s immediate successor , Hua Guofeng , unveiled a “ five - year plan ” involving the massive importation of foreign capital and technology .
When Deng Xiaoping pushed Hua aside and unleashed a fully - fledged market agenda in 1978 , this was no radical break , but the logical evolution of Maoism .
The crisis of market reform
China ’s turn from autarky to the capitalist market was not done in isolation .
In his memoirs published in May , the late Zhao Ziyang recalled that Beijing was initially inspired by the experiments in “ market socialism ” in Hungary and Yugoslavia .
China , however , went much further .
It copied the “ Asian tigers ” model , implemented in South Korea and Taiwan , which had become cheap labour platforms under military dictatorships .
Zhao recalled that the plan he drafted was to create export zones involving 100 - 200 million people .
His scheme was only realised after the resistance of the working class had been crushed in 1989 .
In his book , Zhao admitted that by 1987 , when he became CCP general secretary , he invented terms like “ socialist market economy ” to disguise the real implications of his policies and to thwart criticism that he was taking the “ capitalist road ” .
“ It was only because of ideological barriers that the term ‘ free market ’ was n’t being used , ” he wrote . [ 2 ]
Despite an initial increase in living standards for workers and farmers due to the higher productivities achieved through China ’s access to foreign technologies and the international division of labour , market forces rapidly created enormous social divisions and tensions .
A new capitalist class began to emerge and consolidate its position at the expense of the masses .
As one historian wrote : “ It is one of the curiosities of the development of Chinese capitalism under the Deng regime that a significant portion of these initial capital accumulations were the fruits of official corruption .
Prominent among the members of China ’s new post - revolutionary ‘ bourgeoisie ’ , for example , were local officials ( and their friends and relatives ) who were able to buy goods and materials at low state prices and sell them at higher market prices .
Equally prominent , especially in the popular political consciousness , were the children of high Communist Party leaders who , in the early 1980s , were politically positioned to play a lucrative compradore role in establishing ties between foreign capitalists and state enterprises .
While some of these fruits of bureaucratic corruption no doubt found their way into secret Swiss bank accounts , as rumour had it , most was invested in a vast variety of highly profitable domestic financial , industrial and commercial enterprises in what became an extraordinarily rapid process of capital accumulation and economic growth . ” [ 3 ]
By 1987 - 88 , the market reform agenda was running out of control due to price deregulation , the oversupply of credit and real estate speculation , leading to 30 percent inflation in the autumn of 1988 .
Zhao recalled : “ The bank runs and hoarding of commodities led to an overall panic , which arrived with the force of a tidal wave .
Every major city was in a tense situation . ” [ 4 ]
Aggravating the social crisis , Zhao was forced to tighten credit , resulting in widespread factory closures .
His previous ending of state - guaranteed employment had already dramatically increased the insecurity of factory workers , while millions of rural workers in collective firms were also being laid off .
Incomes were being eroded by inflation .
Farming output had declined for the third year in a row in 1988 , due to the low state - controlled price of grain and the high market price of fertiliser .
Tens of millions of migrant workers started to appear in urban areas looking for jobs , producing a steady rise in the crime rate .
With rising numbers of protests and strikes , including riots in Tibet in March 1989 , a political storm was looming .
The emergence of the student movement
The roots of the political crisis that erupted in April - May 1989 lay in the regime ’s waning social support base among the peasantry and its failure to secure a new social buffer against the working class .
To legitimise market reform , Deng sought to cultivate support in intellectual and academic circles , and chose Hu Yaobang as CCP general secretary for that purpose .
Western bourgeois social and philosophical thought was encouraged on Chinese campuses , including currents that openly blamed classical Marxism for the crimes of Mao and the CCP ’s dictatorial rule .
Many students , hostile to the decades - long bureaucratic controls over youth activities , were attracted by the anti-establishment flavour of these newly available works .
A wave of protests by university students in 1986 - 87 frightened Deng , who removed Hu Yaobang from his post , in the name of opposing “ bourgeois liberalisation ” , but preserved his membership in the Politburo .
Deng was already concerned that student unrest had the potential to ignite a far bigger social movement .
The anti-Stalinist “ Solidarity ” movement of Polish workers in 1980 - 81 had already had a major impact on the thinking of the Chinese regime .
In 1982 , the CCP removed the right to strike from the Chinese constitution .
The following year , as market reform was extended to urban industry , Beijing created the People ’s Armed Police — a 400,000 - strong paramilitary force specialising in domestic repression .
Zhao Ziyang replaced
Hu as CCP general secretary , but rapidly adopted the same approach — to use intellectuals to create a base of support for the increasingly unpopular market reform agenda .
Similar moves were taking place in the former USSR and Eastern Europe , where the social and economic crisis was about to explode .
Zhao ’s counterpart in the former Soviet Union , Mikhail Gorbachev , initiated the policy of “ glasnost ” ( openness ) , which was similar to Zhao ’s conception of “ transparency ” .
Both called for “ political reform ” , as a means of exploiting widespread public anger over the dictatorial character of Stalinist rule to advance their reactionary perspective of reintroducing the unfettered operation of the capitalist market .
The liberal intelligentsia represented a layer of the middle classes who felt they had not benefitted sufficiently from market reform .
They demanded freedom of the press and curbs on the corruption associated with the well - connected children of CCP leaders , in order that they could gain a larger share of the wealth being created by the working class .
Zhao recalled that after he became CCP general secretary in 1987 : “ I developed a strong belief that tensions in the relationship between the Party and the intelligentsia needed to be resolved .
Yet , without political participation by intellectuals , it was impossible to improve the relationship in a fundamental way ” . [ 5 ]
Deng ’s suppression of “ bourgeois liberalisation ” only heightened frustrations within the intelligentsia .
Then , on April 15 , 1989 , Hu Yaobang suddenly died of a heart attack during a Politburo meeting .
University students in Beijing paid tribute to Hu as a means of expressing their support for his policies .
However , the memorial meetings extolling his virtues soon gave way to more radical demands for democratic rights .
The rallies swelled to thousands .
On April 17 , the student gatherings to mourn
Hu spread from the campuses into Tiananmen Square in the centre of Beijing , which had historically been the site for protests and demonstrations , including the anti-imperialist May Fourth Movement in 1919 .
The next day , hundreds of students from Peking University and the People ’s University staged a sit -in protest in front of the Great Hall of the People , demanding the National People ’s Congress rehabilitate Hu Yaobang ’s views on democracy and freedom , release the income details of top leaders , grant freedom of the press , increase education funding , end restrictions on demonstrations , and hold democratic elections to replace “ bad ” government officials .
On April 19 , when government officials failed to grant these demands , students laid siege to the Xinhua Gate of the Chinese leadership ’s office compound , raising the spectre of political unrest directed against the CCP leadership itself .
On April 23 , students from 21 universities formed the Autonomous Federation of Beijing University Students , to coordinate student strikes and to call on ordinary people to join their protests .
Chairman of the Central Military Commission , Deng Xiaoping , was not initially hostile to the student protests that erupted in mid-April .
Zhao Ziyang , the CCP secretary , went so far as to endorse the demonstrations as “ patriotic ” , which encouraged workers to begin to agitate for their own demands .
In Shaanxi , for instance , 10,000 people , including many workers , gathered daily in front of the provincial Communist Party office to discuss not only the death of Hu Yaobang , but social issues such as inflation , wages and housing .
Such was the impact of the protests that by April 25 , the State Security Ministry had issued a warning that students from all over China were sending delegates to Beijing to form a national organisation and commemorate the May Fourth Movement .
New slogans of “ No victory can be achieved without the support of the working class ” from among the more radical students saw a shift of the movement to the left .
On April 20 , the Beijing Workers Autonomous Federation ( WAF ) was established by a small group of workers , and it emerged as the organising centre of the workers ’ movement by mid-May .
Two days later , 100,000 people assembled in Tiananmen Square and one million took to the streets for Hu ’s funeral — most of them workers .
On that day , the federation distributed leaflets , condemning the wealth of Deng Xiaoping ’s family , the privileges of the bureaucracy and the “ shortcomings ” of market reform .
The WAF also demanded the stabilisation of prices and to make public the wealth of the top Chinese leaders .
The CCP leadership was divided — and the major cause was the intervention of the working class .
Zhao was reluctant to use force to suppress the students and called for dialogue , while Premier Li Peng , who headed the hard - line wing , rejected any compromise or peaceful solution .
Taking advantage of Zhao ’s visit to North Korea on April 23 , Li took the initiative , reporting to Deng that nationwide unrest was being organised .
The paramount leader gave his support for a tough response .
The result was a People ’s Daily editorial on April 26 denouncing the protests as “ anti-Party , anti-socialist turmoil ” and a “ planned conspiracy ” to overthrow the CCP .
Outraged by the labelling of demands for social equality and democratic rights as “ anti- socialist ” , more students and workers joined the protests .
Right across China , huge demonstrations erupted , reflecting long pent - up anger over the CCP ’s betrayal of its promise that the 1949 revolution would bring about an equal and democratic society .
On April 30 , Zhao returned to China and attempted to calm the students by trying to tone down the April 26 editorial .
However , it was already widely known that Deng was behind the editorial and Zhao had little room to move .
In order to reach an agreement with the students , Zhao promised to fight corruption and make token democratic reforms .
He viewed the student movement as a vehicle for advancing his economic and political agenda , against that section of the CCP bureaucracy that opposed the market from the standpoint of preserving its privileged positions in the old state apparatus and industries .
Zhao also saw the students as a buffer against the working class .
He recalled : “ During the demonstrations , students raised many slogans and demands , but the problem of inflation was conspicuously missing , though inflation was a hot topic that could easily have resonated with and ignited all of society ...
In hindsight , it ’s obvious that the reason the students did not raise the issue of inflation was that they knew that this issue was related to the reform program , and if pointedly raised to mobilise the masses , it could have turned out to obstruct the reform process . ” [ 6 ]
Zhao ’s support for the student protests , however , only emboldened the working class .
While sections of elite Beijing university students withdrew from the demonstrations , students from other cities , as well as high school students and teachers , began to play a more prominent role in the protests .
On the anniversary of the May Fourth Movement , a quarter of a million Beijing workers joined the 60,000 students who marched in Tiananmen Square .
Similar protests occurred in 51 Chinese cities .
On May 13 , a more radical current emerged among the students , calling for a hunger strike to pressure the regime to make concessions , especially to recognise the Students Autonomous Federation as a legal organisation .
The regime could not comply , because to do so would have quickly led to demands by workers for recognition of the Workers Autonomous Federation .
The hunger strike , which drew in thousands of students , was planned just before the visit of President Gorbachev to Beijing , drawing world attention to the protests and dramatically increasing the political crisis of the CCP .
The hunger strike and occupation of Tiananmen Square quickly became the focus of mass protests by workers , providing an arena for the WAF to publicly declare its existence , conduct agitation , coordinate visits to factories and recruit new members .
Both Li Peng and Zhao Ziyang rushed to “ dialogue ” with workers ’ representatives , particularly of the 200,000 workers at Capital Iron and Steel , but were unable to curb the radicalisation taking place within the working class .
On May 15 , half a million workers and students rallied in Tiananmen Square , despite Zhao ’s public pleas not to obstruct the historic Sino - Soviet summit .
On May 17 , two million people marched in Beijing , many under the banners of their workplace .
Thousands of workers joined the WAF , not only in Beijing but in other Chinese cities .
Eighteen provinces reported large - scale protests .
On May 18 , in the provincial capital of Hebei , 150,000 people took to the streets .
In Shanghai , 100,000 workers , teachers , government officials , students and scientists turned out .
Unlike the liberal intelligentsia , the workers expressed hostility to the regime as whole .
“ The tyranny of the corrupt officials is nothing short of extreme ...
The people will no longer believe the lies of the authorities for on our banners appear the words : science , democracy , freedom , human rights and rule by law ...
We have conscientiously documented the exploitation of the workers .
The method of understanding exploitation is based on the methods of analysis given in Marx ’s Das Capital ...
We were astonished to find that the ‘ peoples public servants ’ have devoured all surplus value created by the people ’s blood and sweat ” , declared one of the WAF ’s leaflets . [ 7 ]
The document called for an investigation into the corruption of the entire CCP leadership , including Zhao Ziyang , and the freezing of their personal assets under a national peoples ’ committee .
Martial law
On May 17 , the threat of a working class rebellion saw a decisive shift within the CCP leadership away from Zhao ’s policy of compromise with the students to military repression .
In a report to Deng Xiaoping , Zhao advised : “ If we take a confrontational stance with the masses , a dangerous situation could ensue in which we lose complete control . ” [ 8 ]
However , Deng backed the hard - line majority , blaming Zhao for supporting the “ political turmoil ” .
“ We ’ve all seen how the situation in Beijing and across the country has become most grave ...
We first have to settle the instability in Beijing , because if we do n’t we ’ll never be able to settle it in other provinces , regions , and cities ...
If things continued like this , we could even end up under house arrest .
After thinking long and hard about this , I ’ve concluded that we should bring in the People ’s Liberation Army and declare martial law in Beijing — more precisely , in Beijing ’s urban district .
The aim of martial law will be to suppress turmoil once and for all and to return things quickly to normal , ” Deng declared . [ 9 ]
Zhao refused to order the army against the students and decided to resign as party general secretary .
He was barred from doing so , however , to avoid compounding the political crisis , but was effectively pushed aside .
Knowing that his political career was finished , Zhao visited the students in Tiananmen Square , urging them to leave before the military arrived .
He was placed under house arrest , where he remained until his death in 2005 .
Zhao ’s successor was the Shanghai CCP party secretary , Jiang Zemin , who had firmly backed a crackdown against the protestors from the outset .
On May 20 , Premier Li Peng declared martial law in Beijing , provoking a protest by one million people the following day .
To counter the troops , workers and youth set up street barricades , while motorcyclists formed early warning teams .
When the army arrived on May 23 , thousands of workers and students tried to persuade the soldiers not to turn their weapons against the people .
Many of the troops were moved to tears and even drove their trucks away .
The next day , the army divisions from the Beijing region were ordered to pull out , to prevent the soldiers from joining the workers .
Deng decided to transport troops from the remote provinces to implement martial law , allowing the protests to continue for two more weeks .
One study explained : “ The declaration of martial law shortly after midnight on the evening of 19 May radically altered the pattern of political activity in the city .
Beginning with the successful blockade of army units by unarmed citizens throughout the city in the early morning hours of 20 May and afterward , mass resistance to the government was suddenly a reality .
By daylight on the 20th , gongzilian [ WAF ] reiterated its call for a general strike ( excluding essential services , communications and transportation ) , to stay in force until the troops withdrew .
The militant positions that the workers ’ organisation had articulated , and the organisation it had developed on the square in the preceding week , thrust it into the middle of unfolding events on the streets .
Meanwhile , popular outrage over martial law drove many new recruits into the freshly declared workers ’ organisation , swelling its ranks . ” [ 10 ]
From May 21 - 22 , protests , many numbering in the hundreds of thousands , expanded to 131 cities across China , even involving layers of low - ranking CCP members , to support the actions of the Beijing workers .
On the eve of June 3 , WAF ’s membership had swelled to 20,000 .
It had 150 full - time activists , had adopted a constitution , elected a leading committee and created a team of guards to protect the hunger strikers .
It was operating a printing facility and a public broadcaster that drew massive crowds of workers to hear political speeches each evening .
With the authorities in Beijing paralysed , workers started to take matters into their own hands in simple matters such as directing traffic .
Production ground to a halt as workers participated in the demonstrations .
On May 25 , one million people held another massive protest in Beijing .
A WAF statement issued the next day declared : “ We [ the working class ] are the rightful masters of this nation .
We must be heard in national affairs .
We absolutely must not allow this small band of degenerate scum of the nation and the working class [ the Stalinist leadership ] to usurp our name and suppress the students , murder democracy and trample human rights . ”
Another statement declared : “ The final struggle has arrived …
We have seen that the fascist governments and Stalinist dictatorships spurned by hundreds of millions of people have not , indeed will not , voluntarily withdraw from the historical stage …
Storm this 20th century Bastille , this last stronghold of Stalinism ! ” [ 11 ]
The crisis of revolutionary perspective
Although the crisis had posed the question of the working class taking power , the issue was how and on the basis of what program .
For decades , the CCP had used its monopoly over the media and educational institutions to promote the lie that Stalinism equalled Marxism , socialism and communism .
The only political movement that offered a scientific analysis of Stalinism and the political means for workers to fight it — the Fourth International — had been ruthlessly suppressed in the 1950s .
The Chinese Trotskyists had been murdered , jailed or forced into exile .
Chinese workers had no access to the works of Trotsky , or indeed anything about the history and struggles of the international working class , other than the Chinese regime ’s own vulgar justifications for the crimes and betrayals of Stalinism .
They knew nothing of the political struggles of the Left Opposition led by Trotsky from 1923 against the emerging Stalinist bureaucracy in the Soviet Union and its betrayals of the international working class .
Trotsky ’s penetrating analysis of Stalin ’s betrayal of the Chinese revolution in 1925 - 27 was , of course , banned , as were the far - reaching conclusions that he drew in 1933 following the Soviet bureaucracy ’s criminal role in enabling Hitler to come to power unopposed .
His decision to found the Fourth International and his call for a political revolution by the Soviet working class against the Stalinist bureaucracy had a burning relevance to Chinese workers in 1989 .
Needless to say , the entire history of the international Trotskyist movement in the post - war period , and its struggles against petty bourgeois opportunism and nationalism , remained a closed book .
In May - June 1989 , Chinese workers were driven by their own immediate experiences and their hatred for the Maoist regime .
Their demands instinctively reflected their own independent class interests and went far further than those of the students .
But , as the course of events was to tragically confirm , it was impossible for the working class to improvise a revolutionary leadership and program in the heat of the moment .
The protest movement was thus left in the hands of the student leaders , whose views were largely dominated by naïve illusions that a dialogue with the regime about the granting of reforms was possible .
The inexperienced WAF leaders were guided by the syndicalist conception that independent unions should be formed to negotiate better wages and conditions with the bureaucracy and the emerging capitalists , not that the working class had to take power in China , as part of the struggles of the international working class for world socialism .
The WAF ’s key leader , Han Dongfang , was a 26 - year - old railway worker , who became known as “ China ’s Walesa ” , after the leader of the Polish Solidarity movement .
He gathered his political ideas in the course of walking among the protestors in Tiananmen Square .
After listening to speeches by the students on “ freedom of association ” , he and other workers decided to formally establish the WAF as an independent union .
At a meeting with students on May 26 , Han expressed a certain limited class critique of the student movement , but nevertheless accepted its continued political leadership .
“ You theoreticians can go on acting as the brains of the movement , and students can give it its emotional spark .
But unless workers are the main force , the struggle for democracy will never succeed ...
I hear you talking about ‘ citizens ’ , who are out on the streets , when what I think you mean is ‘ workers ’ .
I do n’t know if there is a deliberate evasion on your part , but it ’s important to call these people by their true name ” . [ 12 ]
The WAF was unable to make an appeal to the PLA troops , which would have required linking the struggle of urban workers with the multi-millioned rural poor .
The soldiers were certainly far from solidly behind the Maoist regime .
Even those troops brought by Deng from outside Beijing had to be banned from reading the news for more than a week before they were suddenly sent to suppress the protests .
On June 3 - 4 , many troops , especially those of the 28th Army , still disobeyed orders to shoot the protestors and threw away their guns .
At a leadership meeting on June 2 , Deng expressed the fear that the army could split and a civil war break out .
The workers ’ movement , however , was politically unprepared to win the soldiers to its side .
During the June 4 crackdown ,
Han escaped with the aid of a dozen young men who risked their lives to save the man they viewed as the leader of China ’s workers .
One of them said : “ We do n’t know how many people will die tonight .
Blood will flow like a river .
But you cannot die — you will be China ’s Lech Walesa . ”
But Han was not politically equipped to lead the working class against the regime .
He told Reuters in 2004 : “ What that young man said to me is like a rock pressing against my heart .
I ca n’t even breathe whenever I think of it today .
I was an electrician who got into a movement with a muddled head .
Then there were the bullets and I heard those words .
It was a very strange moment . ”
Revolutionary crises often push previously little known individuals to the forefront of the class struggle , placing before them decisions that will decide the course of history .
The Russian working class , with the backing of the peasantry , was able to take power in the 1917 October Revolution because it had a long - established professional revolutionary party headed by Lenin , a party that had waged a determined struggle over decades against all forms of opportunism in the labour movement , not only in Russia but internationally .
Indeed , the collapse of the WAF and the subsequent evolution of leaders like Han vindicated Lenin ’s conclusion that spontaneously the working class was unable to rise above trade union consciousness — i.e. , the struggle for better wages and conditions within the existing social order .
Since 1994 , Han has become a semi-official adviser on labour reform through his China Labour Bulletin and his radio talk shows based in Hong Kong .
His activities are financed by the Western trade union bureaucracy , whose aim is to prevent workers from challenging the interests of foreign investors in China .
In 2004 , Han told the Hong Kong business newspaper , the Standard , that he never wanted to lead a workers ’ revolt in China .
“ I have been working hard to prevent it from happening ... but I do despair at times . ”
Han ’s perspective is to pressure the CCP for social reforms through legal action by workers , rather than protests on the street .
He advocates the establishment of state - controlled unions for workers to carry out “ collective bargaining ” with employers , in the hope that such mechanisms will reduce social unrest .
Now opposed to the class struggle , Han has converted to Christianity .
“ All my life has been pre-arranged by God ... God has the plans ” for Chinese workers , he told the Standard .
By June 3 , 1989 , the stage was set for a showdown between the Stalinist regime and the working class .
The CCP ordered the PLA troops , who had been brought from the provinces and primed for action , to clear Tiananmen Square of protestors using whatever means necessary .
A series of bloody clashes ensued , as unarmed workers and their supporters tried to defend barricades erected on the major roads into the city centre against soldiers armed with automatic rifles and backed by tanks .
The PLA ’s offensive was officially documented .
A briefing by the Martial Law Command recorded one of the bloodiest scenes in the Muxidi district of Beijing during the evening of June 3 , 1989 .
“ At 9:30 p.m . these troops began advancing eastward toward the Square and encountered their first obstacle at Gongzhufen , where students and citizens had set up a blockade .
An anti-riot squad fired tear gas canisters and rubber bullets into the crowd .
At first the people retreated , but then they stopped .
The anti-riot squad pressed forward , firing more tear gas and more rubber bullets .
Again the crowd retreated but soon stopped .
The troops kept firing warning shots into the air , but the people displayed no signs of fear .
The stretch from Gongzhufen to the Military Museum , Beifengwo Street , and Muxidi is less than two kilometers , but the troops ’ advance was slow because of the citizens ’ interference ...
“ Believing the troops would not use live ammunition , the citizens grew increasingly bold .
At 10:10 p.m. tens of thousands formed a human wall at Beifengwo Street to block the troops ; the two sides faced each other over a distance of twenty to thirty meters .
Some of the citizens continued throwing rocks and other objects .
Using an electric bullhorn , the commanding officer exhorted the citizens and students to disperse and let the troops pass .
Then when the measure failed , he decided to use force to assure his soldiers could reach their position on time .
Infantrymen led the way , firing into the air .
Then the soldiers — with the first two rows in a kneeling position and those in the back standing — pointed their weapons at the crowd .
At approximately 10:30 p.m. , under a barrage of rocks , the troops opened fire . ”
When the protestors realised that live ammunition was being used , they rapidly retreated to the Muxidi Bridge for another round of the battle . [ 13 ]
Another report by the State Security Ministry continued : “ At Muxidi Bridge the troops were stopped once again as citizens and students threw the broken bricks they prepared in advance .
A few dozen baton - wielding members of the troops ’ anti-riot brigade stormed onto the bridge , where they were met with a barrage of broken bricks as thick as rain .
The brigade was driven back .
Then regular troops , row by row , came rushing to the bridge ... and turning their weapons on the crowd .
The soldiers then alternated between shooting into the air and firing onto the crowd .
People began crumpling to the ground .
Each time shots rang out , the citizens hunkered down ; but with each lull in the fire they stood up again .
Slowly driven back by the troops , they stood their ground , from time to time shouting ‘ Fascists ! ’
‘ Hooligan government ! ’ and ‘ Murderers ! ’ ” [ 14 ]
After crossing the bridge , the troops continued to encounter resistance .
“ The soldiers pushed the electric buses and other roadblocks out of the way , then turned their weapons on the protestors again .
Some soldiers who were hit by rocks lost their self - control and began firing wildly at anyone who shouted ‘ Fascists ’ or threw rocks or bricks .
At least a hundred citizens and students fell to the ground in pools of blood ; most were rushed to nearby Fuxing Hospital by other students and citizens .
“ The sound of helicopters overhead and gunfire in the streets brought citizens who lived on Fuxingmenwei Boulevard to their windows , where they cursed and threw objects at the soldiers , who therefore shot back .
Bullets ricocheted off buildings up and down the five hundred meters between Muxidi and the headquarters of the All - China Federation of Trade Unions . ” [ 15 ]
After the infantry cleared away the road blocks , army trucks and armoured personnel carriers carrying more soldiers moved toward Tiananmen Square .
Troops continued to fire at protestors , who were attempting to set up new road barriers .
“ To the end of the bridge , near the subway station , lay twelve lumps of flesh , blood , and debris .
The bodies of dead and wounded were being delivered continually to the door of Fuxing Hospital ...
Virtually everyone at Fuxing Hospital was cursing ‘ Fascists ! ’ ‘ Animals ! ’ and ‘ Bloody massacre ! ’ ” [ 16 ]
The army had finally cleared Tiananmen Square by 5:40 a.m. on June 4 , forcing out thousands of resisting protestors .
A special force unit targetted the headquarters of the Workers Autonomous Federation , killing 20 - 30 people there .
Then tanks ran over protestors who were not fast enough to escape , crushing them to death .
Outraged by the bloody repression , workers and students in 63 cities immediately responded with spontaneous protests .
In the following five days , the demonstrations expanded to 181 cities , with workers setting up roadblocks to counter an expected military crackdown .
On June 5 , Shanghai ’s traffic was brought to a standstill as 1,200 buses and vehicles blocked 122 major intersections .
“ In the suburbs fewer than a third of workers showed up at factories .
Railroad operations were interrupted at five blocked crossings , ” a fax from the Shanghai government to Beijing noted .
Shanghai authorities had to publicly pacify workers by promising that the military would not be allowed into the city . [ 17 ]
The aftermath
So tense was the situation that the regime initially denied that any civilians had been killed .
The official toll still stands at just 241 deaths , including soldiers , but the figure is not credible .
Independent analysts estimate that up to 7,000 people died , although the actual toll may never be known .
The massacre was followed by a nationwide crackdown , directed especially against workers and their leaders .
An estimated 40,000 activists were rounded up in June and July alone .
Dozens were executed .
Some are still imprisoned to this day .
Moreover , all citizens of Beijing were required to participate a campaign of “ self - criticism ” , forcing them to reflect their “ mistakes ” of supporting the political unrest .
The defeat had far - reaching consequences for the working class in China and around the world .
China was transformed into the world ’s premier cheap labour platform , and the remaining social gains of the 1949 revolution were liquidated .
Most state enterprises were sold off or shut down and access to public housing , medical care and education was replaced by the principle of the market — “ user pays ” .
Today China is one of the world ’s most unequal societies .
The impact went far beyond the borders of China .
Working class resistance to the pro-market agenda of the Stalinist leaderships in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe was already developing at the time of the massacre .
In July 1989 , a wave of strikes by Soviet miners erupted over falling living standards produced by the policies of perestroika .
Gorbachev concluded from the events in China that capitalist restoration had to be dramatically accelerated before the Soviet bureaucracy faced its own working class rebellion .
Later in 1989 , the Berlin Wall collapsed , initiating a process that led to the fall of the Stalinist regimes throughout Eastern Europe , the break - up of the Soviet Union itself in 1991 and the restoration of capitalism .
Throughout the advanced capitalist countries , the free - market agenda championed by Margaret Thatcher in Britain and Ronald Reagan in the US in the early 1980s was provoking working class opposition .
The open embrace of the “ free market ” by the Stalinist leaderships was a political shot in the arm for Western governments facing a growing wave of strikes and protests .
Bourgeois commentators across the political spectrum triumphantly proclaimed the end of socialism and of any alternative to the capitalist market .
The International Committee of the Fourth International was alone in explaining that the processes of globalised production that had undermined the shut - in , autarkic economies of the Soviet Union , Eastern Europe and China , spelled the end of all nationally - based reformist programs and foreshadowed a profound crisis of the entire nation - state system in which capitalism was rooted .
After the Tiananmen Square massacre , Western political leaders and the media shed a few crocodile tears for the protestors and endlessly repeated the line that the Chinese “ communists ” has suppressed the “ democracy ” movement .
The false identification of the Stalinist regime in Beijing with socialism and communism became increasingly ludicrous as global capitalism embraced “ communist ” China as a vital source of cheap labour and profits .
In fact , the huge US and other transnational corporations could barely conceal their delight at the bloodbath in Tiananmen Square , recognising it as a guarantee that the same ruthless police - state measures would be used to protect their investments .
Foreign capital flooded into China during the 1990s to the tune of tens of billions of dollars annually , transforming the country into the world ’s main cheap labour production centre .
The opening up of China , as well as India , Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union , doubled the size of the available global workforce to four billion , and provided vast new sources of surplus value to world imperialism .
At the same time , these abundant sources of cheap , disciplined labour enabled corporations to batter down the conditions of workers in the West .
For a short time China ’s market reforms stagnated after 1989 , but only due to an initial period of political instability .
Deng intervened decisively in 1992 — following the collapse of the Soviet Union — and toured the booming Special Economic Zones in the south , indicating the regime ’s full commitment to capitalism .
The economic figures speak for themselves .
In 1992 , China ’s GDP skyrocketed by 12 percent , followed by 14 percent in 1993 , and 12 percent in 1994 .
In 1994 , China received $ US34 billion in foreign direct investment ( FDI ) — more than for the entire first decade after market reform began in 1978 .
Since 1996 , China has received more FDI than any developing country in the world .
In 2002 , China became the world ’s largest recipient of FDI , and only slipped to second place behind the US as Wall Street became a magnet for huge inflows of finance capital .
By 1997 , China was the world ’s seventh largest economy .
A decade later , it had overtaken Germany to become the third largest , fuelled mainly by the debt - driven demand in the US for Chinese exports .
The price paid by the Chinese working class for this staggering expansion was underscored by a 13.7 percent decline in the share of GDP going to wages between 1997 and 2007 .
Over the same period , the share going to corporate profits rose by 10.1 percent .
Commenting on the Tiananmen Square massacre , the Wall Street Journal noted on May 29 , 2009 : “ In fact , 1989 marked the beginning of China ’s supercharged path to economic reform .
The results have been tremendous : China is now the second pillar of the global economy and is increasingly vital given the vulnerability of the United States . ”
The newspaper explained that the American and Chinese economies were now intimately intertwined , demonstrated by China ’s emergence as America ’s largest creditor and China ’s dependence on manufacturing exports to the vast American market .
Cheap exports from China helped to suppress global inflation and allowed the US Federal Reserve to continue its low - interest rate policy .
At the same time , China ’s massive trade surpluses were recycled back into the US financial markets as a means of maintaining the existing dollar - yuan exchange rate .
China now holds $ 1.5 trillion worth of US assets , including about $ 760 billion in US treasury bonds and $ 490 billion in the bonds of government - backed mortgage lenders .
These processes combined to help fuel an unprecedented expansion of financial speculation on Wall Street , which imploded in 2008 , creating the worst global economic crisis since the 1930s .
Far from being immune , China is being engulfed by this economic tidal wave as markets for its exports dry up .
All the “ advantages ” of China ’s vast supply of cheap labour have suddenly become a nightmare for the regime .
More than 20 million migrant workers , mainly in the export industries , have already lost their jobs .
Some academics have warned that job losses among migrant workers could hit 50 million by the end of 2009 .
One million college graduates from last year are yet to find a job , even as 6 million more graduates will soon join the labour market and demand for skilled labour is disappearing .
Western corporations exploited Chinese workers not only to suppress wages at home , but to break - up the large concentrations of workers in factories and other workplaces , who had been able to use their industrial muscle to challenge both management and government .
Their agenda , however , has created a massive working class in China , assembled in countless plants employing thousands of employees and , in some cases , hundreds of thousands .
The CCP now confronts the world ’s largest and most concentrated working class , whose objective social strength is far greater than the regime ’s police - state apparatus .
All the social contradictions that led to the 1989 explosion have been reproduced today on a far higher level .
At one end of the social scale , 400 million workers labour in oppressive conditions on poverty - level wages , facing constant financial insecurity , compounded by the rising cost of privatised health care , education and housing .
In the countryside , market relations have created a vast pool of hundreds of millions of rural poor , many of whom depend on income from family members working in the cities .
At the other end of the scale , unparalleled wealth has been accumulated in the hands of a tiny elite that is closely connected with the CCP bureaucracy .
Apart from the US , China has the largest number of dollar billionaires in the world , many of whom are either CCP members or related to them .
A new explosion of the working class in China and internationally is inevitable , as world capitalism plunges into a historic breakdown .
The global processes of production have integrated Chinese workers with their counterparts around the world as never before .
Very often they are exploited by the same American , Japanese and European transnational corporations .
At the same time , Chinese workers have at their disposal the powerful and revolutionary tools of the Internet and electronic communications , directly cutting across the decades - long efforts of the Stalinist regime to isolate them from their international class brothers and sisters .
These objective processes , however , will not automatically resolve the critical political issues confronting the Chinese working class .
That can only be done through an assimilation of the lessons of all the strategic experiences of the international working class throughout the twentieth century , including the terrible defeat of 1989 .
To do that , workers , youth and intellectuals must turn to the international socialist perspective and program of the International Committee of the Fourth International ( ICFI ) and participate in the fight to build a section of the ICFI within the Chinese working class .
Notes :
1. The Tiananmen Papers : The Chinese leadership ’s decision to use force against their own people — in their owns words , complied by Zhang Liang , edited by Andrew J. Nathan and Perry Link , Little , Brown and Company , 2001 , p.357
2. Prisoner of the State : The Secret Journal of Premier Zhao Ziyang , Simon & Schuster , 2009 , p.124
3. Mao ’s China and After : A History of the People ’s Republic Third Edition , Maurice Meisner , The Free Press , 1998 , p.458
4. Prisoner of the State , p.223
5. Ibid. , p.257
6. Prisoner of the State , p.34
7 . The Deng Xiaoping Era : an inquiry into the fate of Chinese socialism 1978 - 1994 , Maurice Meisner , p. 446
8. Prisoner of the State , p.28
9 . The Tiananmen Papers , p.189
10 . Cited in Workers in the Tiananmen protests :
The politics of the Beijing Workers Autonomous Federation , by Andrew G. Walder and Gong Xiaoxia , first published in the Australian Journal of Chinese Affairs , No. 29 , Jan 1993
11 . Ibid
12 . From comrade to citizen : the struggle for political rights in China , Merle Goldman , Harvard University Press , 2005 , p.64
13 . The Tiananmen Papers , p.373
14 . ibid , p.374
15 . ibid , p.374
16 . ibid , p.375
17 . ibid , p.398
This photograph released by the Brazilian Air Force on June 10 , 2009 shows military personal off loading the remains a body recovered from the Atlantic Ocean during search operations for the mission Air France flight that crashed last week , at Fernando de Noronha island airport , off the northeast coast of Brazil .
( UPI Photo / Johnson Barros / Brazilian Air Force ) | License Photo
Supporters of former Iranian prime minister Mir-Hossein Mousavi attend an election rally in Tehran , Iran on June 9 , 2009 .
Iran 's presidential election will take place on June 12 .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
This photo released by the Brazilian Air Force on June 9 , 2009 shows the Brazilian Navy removing debris from Air France flight AF447 out of the Atlantic Ocean .
Flight 447 crashed into the Atlantis ocean en route to Paris from Rio de Janeiro , killing all 228 people on board .
Authorities are still trying to find the black box voice and data recorders in an attempt to understand why the plane went down .
( UPI Photo / Brazilian Air Force ) | License Photo
Iranians are silhouetted as they cast their votes in a polling station for presidential election in Tehran , Iran on June 12 , 2009 .
The election will decide whether to keep hard - line President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in power or replace him with Mir Hossein Mousavi , billed as a reformist who may improve ties with the West .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
Iranian riot police clash with supporters of reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi as they demonstrate against the results of the Iranian presidential election , which declared incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the winner , in Tehran , Iran on June 13 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo ) | License Photo
Glass doors damaged by gun shots are seen at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington on June 11 , 2009 .
James von Brunn , an 88 - year - old anti-Semite , opened fire on security guards inside the museum on June 10 .
He killed security guard Stephen Tyrone Johns before he was injured and detained .
( UPI Photo / Alexis C. Glenn ) | License Photo
Supporters of former Iranian Prime Minister Mir-Hossein Mousavi attend a campaign rally in Tehran , Iran on June 9 , 2009 .
Iran 's presidential election will take place on June 12 .
( UPI Photo / Hossein Fatemi ) | License Photo
Roger Federer of Switzerland kisses his trophy after winning the final of the French Tennis Open at Roland Garros , near Paris , against Robin Soderling of Sweden , June 7 , 2009 .
Federer won 6 - 1 , 7 - 6 , 6 - 4 . ( UPI Photo / Eco Clement ) | License Photo
Supporters of Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and candidate in the upcoming presidential election gather for a rally in Iran 's revolutionary founder Imam Khomeini Grand Mosque ( Mosalla ) in Tehran , Iran on June 8 , 2009 .
Iran 's presidential election will take place on June 12 .
( UPI Photo / Hossein Fatemi ) | License Photo
Supporters of reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi demonstrate against the results of the Iranian presidential election , which declared incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the winner , in Tehran , Iran on June 13 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo ) | License Photo
The moon comes up behind the waterfront in San Francisco as viewed from across the bay in Sausalito , California on June 7 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Terry Schmitt ) | License Photo
In this photo released by the Brazilian Air Force members of Brazil 's Navy recover debris from the missing Air France jet in the Atlantic Ocean , June 8 , 2009 .
The U.S. Navy is sending a team equipped with underwater listening devices to assist in the search for the missing black box .
( UPI Photo / Brazilian Air Force ) | License Photo
Pittsburgh Penguins center Maxime Talbot ( 25 ) kisses the Stanley Cup after their 2 - 1 championship victory over the Detroit Red Wings in game 7 of the 2009 Stanley Cup Final at Joe Louis Arena in Detroit on June 12 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Mark Cowan ) | License Photo
Comedian Stephen Colbert of Comedy Central 's " The Colbert Report " performs , in a custom - camo Brooks Brothers suit , for U.S. military personnel at Al Faw Palace in Baghdad , Iraq on June 7 , 2009 .
Colbert is participating in a USO / Armed Forces Entertainment tour to the Persian Gulf region June 5 - 11 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Steve Manuel / USO ) | License Photo
A Palestinian walk with his camel as others enjoy the water and the beach in Gaza City , on June 11 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Ismael Mohamad ) .
| License Photo
A supporter of reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi demonstrates against the results of the Iranian presidential election , which declared incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the winner , in Tehran , Iran on June 13 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo ) | License Photo
Shortly after sunset , NASA 's Space Shuttle " Endeavour " sits bolted on Complex 39A at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida on June 12 , 2009 .
Endeavour and her seven person crew was to have launched on June 13 , but a leak was detected during fueling operations forcing Managers to halt the countdown and postpone the launch .
NASA Managers have yet to determine a new launch date .
( UPI Photo / Joe Marino - Bill Cantrell ) | License Photo
' Fiona ' the yellow lobster is held up from it 's tank for a photo by an employee inside Arnold 's Lobster and Clam Bar in Eastham , Massachusetts on June 12 , 2009 .
The lobster was given to Arnold 's owner Nathan Nickerson after it was caught off the coast of Prince Edwards Island in Canada .
( UPI Photo / Matthew Healey ) | License Photo
President Barack Obama acknowledges the crowd as he arrives at the podium to speak on the principles that new tax policies should be PAYGO ( pay - as - you - go ) alongside members of the Congressional Blue Dog Coalition at the White House in on June 9 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Kevin Dietsch ) | License Photo
An honor guard carries the coffins of Harith al - Obaidi , a senior Sunni MP and deputy head of the Government 's human rights committee , and another victim of the same attack during their funeral procession in Baghdad , on June 13 , 2009 .
A teenage gunman went on the rampage in a Baghdad mosque on June 12 , killing al - Obaidi and four other people in a grenade and gun attack , Iraqi officials and witnesses said .
( UPI Photo / Ali Jasim ) | License Photo
Angela Lansbury holds her award for Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Play for " Blithe Spirit " at the American Theatre Wing 's Antoinette Perry " Tony " Awards at Radio City Music Hall in New York on June 7 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Laura Cavanaugh ) | License Photo
Actor Bryan Dattilo arrives for a photocall for the television show " Days of Our Lives " during the 49th Monte Carlo Television Festival in Monte Carlo , Monaco on June 9 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / David Silpa ) | License Photo
Iranian riot police clash with supporters of reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi as they demonstrate against the results of the Iranian presidential election , which declared incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the winner , in Tehran , Iran on June 13 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo ) | License Photo
Geoffrey Rush holds his award for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Play for " Exit the King " at the American Theatre Wing 's Antoinette Perry " Tony " Awards at Radio City Music Hall in New York on June 7 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Laura Cavanaugh ) | License Photo
Actor Doudi arrives at a photocall for the television show " Samantha , Oups ! " during the 49th Monte Carlo Television Festival in Monte Carlo , Monaco on June 9 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / David Silpa ) | License Photo
Pittsburgh Penguins Petr Sykora , left , sprays champagne on Sidney Crosby as they celebrate the Penguins 2 - 1 championship victory over the Detroit Red Wings in game 7 of the 2009 Stanley Cup Final at Joe Louis Arena in Detroit on June 12 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Mark Cowan ) | License Photo
A Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) mug shot of Ahmed Ghailani is seen in an undated handout image .
Ghailani , a " high - value detainee , " was moved June 9 , 2009 from Guantanamo Bay to federal court in New York to face charges related to al - Qaida 's 1998 U.S. Embassy bombings .
He is the first such prisoner taken to the United States .
( UPI Photo / FBI ) | License Photo
In this photo released by the Brazilian Air Force members of Brazil 's Navy recover debris from the missing Air France jet in the Atlantic Ocean , June 7 , 2009 .
The U.S. Navy is sending a team equipped with underwater listening devices to assist in the search for the missing black box .
( UPI Photo / Brazilian Air Force ) | License Photo
Actor Jamie Kennedy jokes during a photocall for the television show " Ghost Whisperer " at the 49th Monte Carlo Television Festival in Monte Carlo , Monaco on June 9 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / David Silpa ) | License Photo
Rosie O'Donnell arrives at the " I Have a Dream " Foundation Spring Gala at 583 Park Avenue in New York on June 11 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Laura Cavanaugh ) | License Photo
Iranian former prime minister and Leading reformist candidate in the upcoming presidential election Mir-Hossein Mousavi greets his supporters during an electoral campaign in Tehran , Iran on June 8 , 2009 .
Iran 's presidential election will take place on June 12 .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
Palestinian fishing boats are seen at sunset in Gaza City on June 11 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Ismael Mohamad ) | License Photo
Actress Michelle Stafford dances during a photocall for the television show " The Young and the Restless " at the 49th Monte Carlo Television Festival in Monte Carlo , Monaco on June 9 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / David Silpa ) | License Photo
A police officer evacuates people from the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum after a man open fired on security guards inside the museum , in Washington on June 10 , 2009 .
The gunman and a wounded security guard have been transported to George Washington University Hospital for treatment .
( UPI Photo / Kevin Dietsch ) | License Photo
The Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pension Committee holds a healthcare reform round table event in Washington on June 11 , 2009 .
Members of the medical field , insurance companies and union grounds delivered testimony on healthcare .
( UPI Photo / Kevin Dietsch ) | License Photo
Pittsburgh Penguins ' Sidney Crosby hoists the Stanley Cup after defeating the Detroit Red Wings 2 - 1 in game 7 of the 2009 Stanley Cup Final at Joe Louis Arena in Detroit on June 12 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Brian Kersey ) | License Photo
U.S. Airmen arrive at Hurlburt Field in Florida , after completing an overseas deployment , on June 5 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Sheila DeVera / U.S. Air Force ) | License Photo
Detroit Red Wings right wing Marian Hossa ( L ) skates away as Pittsburgh Penguins left wing Ruslan Fedotenko ( R ) , center Evgeni Malkin and center Maxime Talbot ( C ) celebrate Talbot 's first goal during the second period of game 7 of the 2009 Stanley Cup Final at Joe Louis Arena in Detroit on June 12 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Brian Kersey ) | License Photo
Roger Federer of Switzerland holds his trophy after winning the final of the French Tennis Open at Roland Garros , near Paris , against Robin Soderling of Sweden , June 7 , 2009 .
Federer won 6 - 1 , 7 - 6 , 6 - 4 . ( UPI Photo / Eco Clement ) | License Photo
Philadelphia Phillies Carlos Ruiz tries to field a bunt from New York Mets Fernando Tatis in the seventh inning at Citi Field in New York City on June 10 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / John Angelillo ) | License Photo
Actors Georges Corraface ( L ) and Jerome Bertin arrive at a photocall for the television show " Disparitions , retour aux sources " during the 49th Monte Carlo Television Festival in Monte Carlo , Monaco on June 11 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / David Silpa ) | License Photo
Fergie and the Black Eyed Peas perform on the NBC Today Show at Rockefeller Center in New York City on June 12 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / John Angelillo ) . | License Photo
Gregory Jbara holds his award for Best Performance by a Featured Actor in a Musical for " Billy Elliot " at the American Theatre Wing 's Antoinette Perry " Tony " Awards at Radio City Music Hall in New York on June 7 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Laura Cavanaugh ) | License Photo
Actresses Judith Sibony ( L ) and Olivia Cote arrive for a photocall for the television show " Vous les femmes " during the 49th Monte Carlo Television Festival in Monte Carlo , Monaco on June 8 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / David Silpa ) | License Photo
Pittsburgh Penguins center Sidney Crosby ( 87 ) takes the Stanley Cup to his teammates after their 2 - 1 championship victory over the Detroit Red Wings in game 7 of the 2009 Stanley Cup Final at Joe Louis Arena in Detroit on June 12 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Mark Cowan ) | License Photo
Supporters of former Iranian Prime Minister Mir-Hossein Mousavi ( R ) and Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ( L ) hold their pictures from a car in Tehran , Iran on June 7 , 2009 .
Iran 's presidential election will take place on June 12 .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
Actress Lori Loughlin and actor Rob Estes arrive at a photocall for the television show " 90210 " during the 49th Monte Carlo Television Festival in Monte Carlo , Monaco on June 10 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / David Silpa ) | License Photo
Actress Ophelia Lovibond and guest arrive on the red carpet before the closing ceremony of the 49th Monte Carlo Television Festival in Monte Carlo , Monaco on June 11 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / David Silpa ) | License Photo
A S.W.A.T. police officer stands outside of an entrance for the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum after a man open fired on security guards inside the museum , in Washington on June 10 , 2009 .
The gunman and a wounded security guard have been transported to George Washington University Hospital for treatment .
( UPI Photo / Kevin Dietsch ) | License Photo
As the rotating service structure rolls back , NASA 's Space Shuttle " Endeavour " sits prepared for launch from Complex 39A on mission STS 127 from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida on June 12 , 2009 .
Endeavour and her seven person crew will fly to the International Space Station to install the Kibo module as well as add equipment planned for future repairs during the planned sixteen day mission .
( UPI Photo / Joe Marino - Bill Cantrell ) | License Photo
An Israeli gay man wears a costume in the Gay Pride Parade in Tel Aviv , Israel , June 12 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Debbie Hill ) | License Photo
Detroit Tigers ' Brandon
Inge follows through on an RBI single scoring Josh Anderson during the ninth inning at U.S. Cellular Field in Chicago on June 8 , 2009 .
The Tigers won the first game of a doubleheader 5 - 4 . ( UPI Photo / Brian Kersey ) | License Photo
Mariah Carey arrives for the Apollo Theater 75th Anniversary Gala at the Apollo Theater in New York City on June 8 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / John Angelillo ) | License Photo
Japan 's defender Marcus Tulio Tanaka( L ) and Qatar 's defender Hamed Shami Zaher ( R ) battle for the ball in the second half of the Asian qualifiers of FIFA World Cup against Qatar national team at the International stadium Yokohama , Japan , on June 10 , 2009 .
Japan tied Qatar 1 - 1. ( UPI photo / Keizo Mori ) | License Photo
TV personality Kim Kardashian ( L ) and her mother Kris arrive at a photocall during the 49th Monte Carlo Television Festival in Monte Carlo , Monaco on June 10 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / David Silpa ) | License Photo
The " BumbleBee " is displayed on the stage during the world premiere of the film " Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen " in Tokyo , Japan , on June 8 , 2009 .
( UPI photo / Keizo Mori ) | License Photo
Jon Bon Jovi performs at the Voices of September 11th Always Remember Event to benefit 9/11 Living Memorial Project at Pier 60 , Chelsea Piers in New York on June 9 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Laura Cavanaugh ) | License Photo
Actress Kyra Sedgwick , star of TNT's " The Closer " , touches her star during a ceremony honoring her with the 2,384th star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in Los Angeles on June 8 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Jim Ruymen ) | License Photo
Iranian former prime minister and Leading reformist candidate in the upcoming presidential election Mir-Hossein Mousavi speaks in Tehran , Iran on June 8 , 2009 .
Iran 's presidential election will take place on June 12 .
( UPI Photo / Mohammad Kheirkhah ) | License Photo
Last week , the United States Patent and Trademark Office assigned the maker of the Xbox 360 and publisher of Gears of War the feature to offer seamless switching from solo to co-op gaming in squad - based shooters .
Advertisement
The patent , # 7,559,834 was invented by James York of Austin , Texas and filed back in the original Xbox era on December 2 , 2002 .
Seven years later , this is what the government assigns Microsoft a patent to :
A squad - based shooter video game allows players to dynamically join and leave the game , while that game is in progress , without the players having to save and restart the game .
When a new player joins an in - progress game , a new squad member is allocated to the new player and the screen is split to present a viewing panel for the new player that depicts scenes from the perspective of the new squad member .
When an existing player leaves the game , the screen is unsplit to remove the viewing panel for the exiting player and that player 's squad member becomes part of the squad being controlled by the remaining player (s ) .
Advertisement
The patent specifically refers to squad - based shooter games , reducing the likelihood that it would apply to , say , re-making Halo matchmaking so that online battles were persistent with players smoothly dropping in and out .
Instead , it reads like a brief on the co-op in Gears of War 2 .
The patent is full of sketches ( including the one in this post ) that depict a shooter game being played on the original Xbox .
Microsoft did not return Kotaku 's request by press time to elaborate on why the company patented this concept .
UPDATE : Several readers have noted the sketches included in the patent resemble screenshots from Xbox co-op shooter Brute Force , which was developed by the now - shuttered Digital Anvil .
The company , like the inventor noted here , were based in Austin , Texas .
By Communist Party of India ( Marxist - Leninist ) Liberation
May 11 , 2009 --
A shameful spectacle of opportunism is being played out in Indian politics even as Sri Lanka is waging a chilling ``final solution '' to its Tamil national question .
In the name of a war to eliminate the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) , Mahinda Rajapakse 's regime in Sri Lanka is waging war on the Tamil people .
Independent observers , international rights groups and even journalists have been prohibited from covering the reality of the war .
Conservative estimates , trickling through , put civilian deaths at a minimum of 5000 , including at least 500 children , since January .
At least 100,000 civilians are estimated wounded .
The Sri Lankan army is using cluster bombs and chemical warfare in blatant violation of the Geneva Conventions .
Tens of thousands of innocent Tamils are caught up in the war zone , starved of food , water and medicine .
Some 100,000 others , fleeing in desperation are being rounded up behind barbed wire fences in ``camps '' , where by all accounts they will be kept under detention for three years .
Sri Lankan journalists questioning their government 's brutal policy have been silenced by assassination and arrest .
International journalists reporting on the detention camps for Tamil civilians have been detained and deported .
Herding the Tamil population into detention camps after slaughtering thousands cannot end the question of Tamil nationality in Sri Lanka .
It can not wipe out the fact that it was bloody pogroms in the 1980s that catapulted the Tamil protests against systematic discrimination into a full - blown insurgency .
The Sri Lankan government is trying to justify its massacre in the name of fighting the LTTE .
But there can be no getting away from the fact that it is the Sri Lankan government 's brutal suppression of the right to self - determination of its Tamil population that is the biggest obstacle to peace .
The Sri Lankan army 's gains are largely due to aid from imperialist powers .
Israel has supplied Kfir jets to the Sri Lankan air force , which has used them to bomb Tamil areas .
India 's role is the most dubious .
The ruling United Progressive Alliance ( UPA ) and its constituents like the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( DMK ) , under pressure from emotions running high in Tamilnadu , have taken the posture of pressurising the Sri Lankan government to call a ceasefire .
Opposition parties like the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( AIADMK ) in Tamil Nadu , seeking to reap a rich harvest of votes from the resentment , have suddenly woken to the need for a ``Tamil Eelam ' ' or separate Tamil state for Sri Lankan Tamils .
DMK leader and Tamilnadu Chief Minister Karunanidhi went on a ``fast '' for a few hours , and claimed that Sri Lanka had in fact called a ceasefire as a result .
The facts are otherwise : Sri Lanka , far from calling a ceasefire , has merely promised to avoid the use of ``heavy artillery ' ' as far as possible –- but has made it clear that the war will continue .
The promise , in any case , carries little weight - – coming as it does from a regime that has had no compunctions about using even chemical weapons against civilians , and that is in any case planning to treat all surviving Tamil civilians as potential terrorists .
The reality behind the Indian government 's rhetoric of concern for Tamil civilians is exposed when one looks at a shockingly candid statement by the Indian External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee in parliament on October 23 , 2008 : “ We have a very comprehensive relationship with Sri Lanka .
In our anxiety to protect the civilians , we should not forget the strategic importance of this island to India 's interests ... especially in view of attempts by countries like Pakistan and China to gain a strategic foothold in the island nation ...
Colombo had been told that India would `look after your security requirements , provided you do not look around ' .
We cannot have a playground of international players in our backyard ... "
While the Indian government has consistently denied providing military support to the Sri Lankan army , one wonders what shape the promise of “ looking after security requirements ” of Sri Lanka has actually taken .
The Congress party and UPA government have also been suggesting that the ongoing war on Tamils is just punishment for Rajiv Gandhi 's assassination .
How can Tamil civilians in Sri Lanka be held responsible for that assassination ?
The Congress party and the Indian state cannot deny the fact that the assassination was a fallout of the disastrously opportunist Indian policy of first extending support to the Tamil insurgency , and then sending in Indian ``peacekeeping '' forces to help crush the militancy .
J.N. Dixit , who was national security adviser to the Indian prime minister in 2004 - 05 , and was Indian high commissioner in Sri Lanka between 1985 - 89 , has candidly admitted that “ Tamil militancy received ( India 's ) support ... as a response to ( Sri Lanka 's ) … concrete and expanded military and intelligence cooperation with the United States , Israel and Pakistan ” , justifying this and the volte face of sending in the Indian Peace Keeping Force ( IPKF ) on the grounds that “ inter - state relations are not governed by the logic of morality .
They were and they remain an amoral phenomenon ... "
It is shameful that a government and a party that has in such an ``amoral '' way played with the lives of millions of Tamil people , is today trying to offer the assassination of Rajiv Gandhi as ``moral '' justification for the bloody end - game being played out against innocent civilians in Sri Lanka today .
The silence of the international community and the complicity of India on the ongoing slaughter and repression in Sri Lanka deserves the highest condemnation .
It is urgent that democratic forces in India and the international community demand prosecution of the highest functionaries of the Sri Lankan state and the Government of the countries that supplied these bombs for commission of war crimes and crimes against humanity .
[ This article first appeared in the May 5 - 11 , 2009 , edition of the CPI ( ML ) Liberation 's ML Update . ]
Indian foreign policy and immediate neighbours
May 18 , 2009 --
As the curtain comes down on the mega - show of parliamentary elections in the " world 's largest democracy " , nobody knows which particular combination of parties will finally make it to the seat of power through what type of realignments and murky post - poll deals .
What is almost certain , however , is that the people of India will refuse to give a clear mandate to any of the existing alliances , thereby expressing themselves clearly against the basic policy frameworks of successive governments and current frontrunners in parliamentary power politics .
So whichever section of the ruling elite may ultimately form the government , democratic and progressive forces will have to continue and further intensify the struggle for a paradigm shift in policies ; for example in the way we handle our relations with other countries , our immediate neighbours in particular .
New Delhi's antipathy to the Sri Lankan Tamils who are being slaughtered by the hundreds and thousands is fully consistent with its role in the island nation since 1980s .
It is well known that at one time India had extended support to the Tamil insurgency , and then sent a ``peace - keeping force ' ' that engaged in series of war crimes including the Operation Pawan and the Jaffna teaching hospital massacre .
And today India 's diplomatic initiatives actually boil down to keeping the Sri Lankan government in humour while simultaneously pretending to try and restrain the inhuman military offensive launched by the latter .
If the former motive is guided by an urge to maintain and strengthen its influence in what it considers to be a traditional backyard , the second concern is dictated by the compulsion of wooing Tamil parties and voters ahead of Lok Sabha polls .
Such dualism and dishonesty must end now .
The government of India must exert maximum possible pressure on the government of Sri Lanka to ensure that the United Nations Security Council resolution asking both the Sri Lankan armed forces and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam to cease hostilities and allow international aid agencies to enter the war zone is implemented forthwith and the process of a dignified political solution is started , better late than never .
Nepal
Where India extends covert support to the repressive national - chauvinist government in its southern neighbour , in the north too it has chosen to side with the regressive forces bent on stalling the process of progressive change .
It denies any involvement in the the crisis in Nepal , but defends the actions of the Nepal president as head of state and commander in chief of the armed forces .
But the constitution does not allow him to use that authority against the advice of a lawfully constituted government because parliament is sovereign .
( Just imagine what type of constitutional crisis India would find itself in if Admiral Vishnu Bhagwat , who was unjustly sacked as navy chief by the Vajpayee government in 1998 , had been reinstated by President K.R. Narayanan ! )
The Indian authorities know all this well enough , but they cannot digest the prospect of the Maoists , who control 40 per cent of the parliament 's seats , getting stronger and more coherent .
So they threw a spanner in the wheel of progress .
Earlier , during Nepal 's Jan Andolan II uprising in April 2006 , India sent Karan Singh to Kathmandu hoping against hope to somehow save the monarchy .
Later it interfered on all sorts of issues ranging from appointment of a head priest in a major temple to the Nepali government contemplating a treaty of friendship with Beijing .
And now , again , it has destroyed the prospects of long - term democratic stability in the Himalayan republic for the short - term goal of undermining the Maoists , in the process isolating itself from the people and the government in that country .
India is well aware how in Pakistan and Bangladesh the political dominance of the military over civil authorities has permanently damaged the democratic institutions in these countries .
As comrade Prachanda said in an interview published in The Hindu on May 11 , on this score his party wished to learn from the experience of India , not Pakistan , and expected that the former would take a consistent position in favour of civilian supremacy because of its own traditions and because it had supported the struggle for democracy in Nepal .
In the event , he was badly let down .
Equally shortsighted is India 's attitude to the trouble - torn country on its western border .
As previously pointed out in this column , by unilaterally withdrawing from the composite dialogue , and by refusing to resume it despite repeated requests from Islamabad , New Delhi has unwittingly served to further complicate the situation in the subcontinent .
With the Pakistan government engaged in a bloody offensive -- including strafing by warplanes and heavy artillery -- against the Pakistani Taliban militia in the North West Frontier Province and still facing a two - week ultimatum from the US , it is urgent that negotiations are resumed and all outstanding issues are settled without the intervention of the world policeman .
India 's home minister of the outgoing government has said India is caught in a ``ring of fire ' ' .
But there is no denying that in most cases India itself , in its quest for strategic influence over smaller neighbours , stoked the flames .
Now it is time for the people of India to force the next government to get rid of all this baggage of the past and work up a just , forward - looking and pro-people foreign policy that would help ensure peace , stability and friendship in South Asia .
[ From ML Update , May 12 - 18 , 2009 . ]
Rock Band will get just a little bit cuter this holiday season .
With Lego Rock Band , you ’ll be able to “ Build and Rock the Universe . ”
Just like customizing your character in Rock Band , you ’ll be able to customize your minifig as well as the rest of your band , entourage , roadies , managers and crew .
Everything about Lego Rock Band is geared towards a more family - friendly experience .
Here are a couple of confirmed songs that will be on the game :
Blur : “ Song 2 ”
Carl Douglas : “ Kung Fu Fighting ”
Europe : “ The Final Countdown ”
Good Charlotte : “ Boys and Girls ”
Pink : “ So What ”
Not sure what type of “ new ” experience Lego Rock Band will bring to the table besides the cute factor .
Also , I ’m hoping “ family - friendly ” does n’t mean that the real song ’s lead singer will be replaced by a bunch of kids in a studio :
[ youtube ] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qvz_MHWLIHc[/youtube]
[ source ]
The best unsubstantiated rumor I ’ve read all week
Bloody Disgusting is reporting , if that ’s really the word for more or less passing on rumors , some potentially huge , or at least hugely interesting , casting news .
According to one of BD ’s “ regular scoopers who enjoys remaining anonymous ” ( because he “ enjoys ” being employed ? ) mega - thesp Robert DeNiro and Apatow - hilarity - bringer Jonah
Hill will both be accompanying mega- macho character actor Danny Trejo on a trip to possible cult nirvana in the long - rumored feature - length film version of “ Machete . ” ( H/t AICN )
“ Machete , ” for those less fortunate amoung you who did not see Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino ’s mostly hysterical “ Grindhouse ” in its original theatrical form , was the first of a number of rather brilliant gag trailers featured in the film .
It ’s your basic tale of an assassin getting double - crossed and taking his revenge , in this case with the help of his priest brother ( Cheech Marin , a deity who walks amongst us who I pray will be in the feature as well ) .
Except it was n’t really such a gag in that Rodriguez said he had hopes of doing the tale as a feature all along .
Rodriguez has a gift for achieving a kind of greatness out of complete silliness , though he also has a problem with writing / presenting coherent stories ( Jason Zingale loved “ Once Upon a Time in Mexico , ” but I could n’t make head or tail out of it ) .
Still , as in the original “ Spy Kids ” and his “ Planet Terror ” segment of “ Grindhouse , ” things can come together — assuming he does n’t let Hill or that scamp De Niro camp it up too much .
If you ’ve never seen the “ Machete ” trailer , below is your chance .
However , due to violence , language , and the appearance of six nipples , only two of which belong to Danny Trejo , this would qualify as NSFW … and it ’s Rated X !
Two fluffy Canadian Lynx kittens were welcomed at the Northeastern Wisconsin Zoo last week as part of the AZA 's Population Management Plan for the species which called for additional genetic diversity in the zoo population .
Lucky visitors to the NEW Zoo can see the kittens between noon and 3 pm daily through a viewing window at the animal hospital .
For those of you not in the area , enjoy the video at the bottom .
The Northeastern Wisconsin Zoo is pleased to announce the debut of Carson and Lucy , a pair of Canadian Lynx kittens .
The little cats are spending a portion of their day in the animal hospital viewing window from Noon to 3 pm daily .
The AZA Canadian Lynx Population Management Plan called for the addition of individuals ( and genetic diversity ) into the zoo population .
Carson and Lucy are unrelated 7 week old Canadian Lynx kittens born at a private facility in Minnesota .
Their transfer to the Northeastern Wisconsin Zoo was made possible by the generous donation of dedicated zoo volunteers Kathy and Lee Anderson .
IS Bill Maher a phrase lifter ?
Jonah Goldberg , a contributor to The Post ’s Op - Ed pages , tells us he ’s used the line , “ spending money like a pimp with a week to live , ” in reference to George W. Bush and the GOP Congress , for years – long before the HBO comic started saying it .
“ I ’m fairly certain I made it up , ” Goldberg says .
“ Nexis - Lexis says my first – and the first – usage was in 2001 .
Every other usage , until Maher , is attributed to me as well .
I ’m not hugely proud of the phrase and I do n’t really care much that he ’s using it – but pointing out Maher ’s unoriginality is modestly enjoyable . ”
Maher ’s rep told us he was traveling and not reachable .
READ : Jim Cramer vs. Jon Stewart
QR Code Link to This Post
Are you a loser , aged 37 - 50 ?
Are you a lonely , pathetic schlub who can't get any closer to a woman than a 900 number ?
Do you despair of having a woman speak to you respectfully , let alone date you or touch you ?
Well , sugar , it 's your lucky night .
Because a respectable , clean , intelligent , independent , witty , financially secure woman who is fed up with trying to get the attention of respectable , clean , intelligent , independent , witty , financially secure men will seriously consider your offer .
Pretty boys , frat brats , software millionaires , endlessly self - promoting Micronerds , salsa - dancing midlife - crisis - clinic navel - gazers , self - obsessed Mountaineers , Dockers - clad Boeing bores , aging hipsters who masturbate to their own blogs ... step off , back of the yellow line !
Make way for the humble , the beer - gutted , the morbidly obese , the mulleted , the untouchable , the harijans , the rejected !
You are my kind of men ; you , the repulsive , the socially retarded , are my brothers from another mother .
Do n't tell Suze Orman , but this 38 - year - old fat chick is putting herself on sale .
That 's right !
In this special offer , I 'm lowering my standards to the floor .
Apparently , because I 'm fat ( see picture below ) , I 'm not worth even a polite response from men , let alone a date .
I 've tried and TRIED to get the attention of men who are my social peers , men I know from work , men I see at church , men with whom I attended school .
No dice !
Silly moi , thinking I 'm good enough for the men I 'm surrounded by every day -- when in fact , they deserve lingerie models or mail - order brides who are half their ages .
Hey , I just got rejected ( by non-response followed by avoidance , no less ) by a fat , clumsy slob who comes to work looking like he sleeps in his clothes ... but I guess because he 's got a job , he 's out of my league , and deserves his very own Victoria 's Secret catalog model .
Oh , the poor thing , having the office fat chick e-mail him !
How perfectly dreadful !
He must have been so embarrassed .
So I 'm moving on ... down .
Bitter , party of one , your table is SERIOUSLY ready .
Nice guys , guys without criminal records , guys without drug habits , guys who read , guys who do n't live with their mothers -- yes , all TOO GOOD for me !
Come and get it , all ye desperate and lonely , ye self - destructive and miserable , ye of rock - bottom self - esteem .
My only criteria :
You bathe
You express yourself well , in English .
You do n't have kids
You 're aged 37-50
You live in Washington State
That 's it !
Come to mama , all ye who can't get a date , all ye who would settle for a relationship with any woman who is n't incarcerated , all ye who would be so grateful for some female companionship that you 're willing to overlook the fact that your partner weighs 190 lbs .
Tell me why women wo n't even treat you like a human being with feelings .
Really , I want to read this .
Because I know what it 's like .
I know what it 's like to be a vibrant , vivid , engaging , intelligent person who gets treated like a f*cking piece of vermin - infested furniture because she 's overweight .
July 11th , 2009
In my last post , I asked you to tell me what your favorite gross food combinations were .
You did n’t disappoint .
I told you I would pick one disgusting combination and award a Junk Drawer magnet for best worst one .
Since there were so many icky combinations , I decided to put some of them to a taste test because I ’m nothing if not adventurous .
Or stupid .
The ingredients :
Cheerios cereal
Pre-cooked bacon
Peter Pan peanut butter
Italian bread
Minute Maid orange juice ( concentrate )
Sweet pickle slices
Breakstone ’s cottage cheese ( Eek !
I ’m gonna eat it ! )
San Georgio elbow macaroni
Welch ’s grape jam
Whole milk and spaghetti sauce ( not pictured because I ’m a dumbass and forgot to put them out )
For my journey , I started with the combinations I thought were gross , yet intriguing , and moved toward the ones I thought were sure to make me hurl .
First up , whole milk and orange juice concentrate , suggested by Babs Beetle .
She says " I used to half fill a glass with orange juice , the kind you have to dilute with water , then top it up with milk and wait for it to curdle – about 10 seconds .
Once it was all lumpy I would gulp it . "
I put about 2ozs. of concentrated OJ in a glass and then filled the rest with whole milk and stirred .
This stuff is delicious !
It reminds me of a place that may still be popular in shopping malls called Orange Julius .
I ’d forgotten all about it until I drank this .
My recommendation is to make sure you do use full - fat , whole milk and perhaps add crushed ice .
It ’s extremely rich , though .
You have been warned .
Grade : A
Next items : Orange juice and Cheerios cereal , offered up by Jenny , who wrote : " I guess I discovered this next thing when one day I poured a bowl of Cheerios and then discovered we had no milk .
So I put orange juice on top and … WOW !
IS THAT EVER GOOD ! "
I took the rest of the concentrate and diluted it to make regular OJ .
Poured it over the Cheerios and dug in .
It was a fairly enjoyable sweet treat for breakfast , but the OJ gave it a biting aftertaste .
Think of it as a candy bar in a bowl .
With a kick .
Grade : C +
Next , we have the peanut butter - related combinations .
First , peanut butter and sweet pickle slices .
Heather says , " I like peanut butter & pickle sandwiches , but the pickles have to be hamburger dill slices . "
I have to admit I thought this was pretty high on the gross scale .
To me , pickles should only be eaten straight up or on a burger .
Let me tell you , this stuff was divine .
The savoriness of the peanut butter , mixed with the sweet and tart flavor of the pickles , makes for a surprisingly good combo .
And who does n’t want a little crunch in their sandwiches ?
I took a good four bites out of it , but had to discard it because I had a lot more to eat .
If not for the calories , this one would have been completely finished off .
Grade : A +
Our second bacon - related combination is the one I believe was mentioned most often in the comments — bacon and peanut butter .
I had such high hopes for it .
I think you ’re all familiar with my bacon addiction .
What could go wrong ?
Here ’s what can go wrong .
Apparently my bacon addiction is so bad , I now need 10 x the bacon to get the same delirious reaction to it as I once got .
I could n’t taste the bacon !
Did I make it wrong ?
How many slices should I have put on ?
Five are pictured here .
All I tasted was the peanut butter .
I ’m so depressed .
Grade I wanted to give it : A +
Grade it got : D
Damn .
Now here ’s where I encountered my first feelings of trepidation .
The very idea of mixing grape jam and macaroni is so completely bizarre to me , and when I combined them in a bowl , I wanted to throw it out before tasting it .
But I soldiered on .
Just look at it .
Think about it .
Does it look appetizing ?
No .
Would you want to eat it ?
No .
How did I like it ?
I did n’t .
IT .
IS .
NASTY .
Grape jam belongs on only one thing .
Toast .
Period .
A woman named Kathy suggested this and I wish she had a blog so I could link to it , and you could all go over and tell her she needs to have her head examined .
Or her stomach .
Grade : F
For our last test , I spread my culinary wings .
I do n’t recall ever having eaten cottage cheese in my life .
Why ?
Because to me it looks like yogurt that ’s a year past its expiration date .
SewDucky suggested this concoction : " … cottage cheese , heated , with either pistachio pudding or spaghetti sauce mixed in .
Everyone thinks I ’ve lost my mind . "
Everyone is correct .
I still have the aftertaste of this dish , and not a good aftertaste .
I would characterize the flavor as sort of like manicotti filling , without the benefit of being enveloped in a blanket of pasta and being flavorfully - seasoned .
Could n’t take more than two bites .
Warming it up did not help .
Grade : D
I hope you enjoyed my little taste test .
You ’ve all been so good waiting patiently for me to announce a winner .
******* Drumroll please *******
Winner in the category Worst Food Combination I Never Thought I ’d Like : Peanut Butter and Pickles
Winner in the category Word Food Combination I Would n’t Eat Again For Any Amount of Money : Grape Jam and Macaroni
HeMoked : Center for the Defence of the Individual and Gisha : as Prime - Minister Netanyahu declares his acceptance of Palestinian statehood , Israel continues to act systematically to further isolate the Gaza Strip from the West Bank , undermining the prospect of a viable Palestinian state as Prime - Minister Netanyahu declares his acceptance of Palestinian statehood , continues to act systematically to further isolate the Gaza Strip from the , undermining the prospect of a viable Palestinian state
Actions Speak Louder than Words
Even As Prime Minister Netanyahu talks of a Palestinian state :
· New Israeli procedure bars Gaza Palestinians from moving to the West Bank and erects a virtually insurmountable barrier between the two areas
· Damages prospects for a two - state solution
· Israel 's " humanitarian " standard :
An orphan living in Gaza will not be permitted to unite with his remaining parent in the West Bank
· According to the procedure : easier for a foreign national living in the West Bank to obtain resident status than for a Palestinian from Gaza to move there .
· The procedure is an additional measure in a deliberate Israeli policy to deepen the separation between the West Bank and Gaza .
Tuesday , 16.6.09 : An official procedure that has come to light following HaMoked 's petitions to the Supreme Court reveals a far - reaching Israeli policy intended to deepen and formalize the separation between the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
Under the new procedure , Israel sets extremely stringent conditions for change of residence from the Gaza Strip to the West Bank , erecting a new and virtually insurmountable barrier between the two areas .
The procedure takes Israel 's policy of separation between Gaza and the West Bank to a new level , undermining the prospect of a viable Palestinian state and exacting a high price from the Palestinian population of the Occupied Territories .
Even as Prime - Minister Netanyahu declares his acceptance of Palestinian statehood , and the international community , led by the United States , is working to achieve a two - state solution , Israel continues to act systematically to further isolate the Gaza Strip and increase the area 's geographic and political separation from the West Bank .
The new procedure contradicts a series of Israeli undertakings to negotiate the establishment of an independent , viable Palestinian state , including an explicit commitment in the Oslo Accords to preserve the status of the West Bank and Gaza Strip as " a single territorial unit . "
The procedure demands a 7 - year " naturalization " process for Palestinians wishing to move from Gaza to the West Bank despite the fact that according to the Oslo Accords Palestinians may freely choose their place of residence in the Palestinian territory .
Stating that family ties in themselves do not constitute humanitarian grounds for relocation to the West Bank , the procedure renders the term " humanitarian " meaningless .
The procedure 's " humanitarian criteria " mean that an orphan from Gaza who has lost his mother will be barred from from joining his father who lives in the West Bank if there are any relatives in Gaza capable of caring for the child .
Nassrin a - Sa'id , left two children in the West Bank when she was forcibly removed to Gaza three years ago because she is registered as a resident there .
" When I was removed to Gaza my son was two years old .
In two months , he will turn five .
All these years , he has grown up with the voice of a mother who lives far away .
He does not know me " .
Somali pirates have stepped up their attacks in recent months .
Somali pirates have released a British - owned cargo ship , the Malaspina Castle , after more than a month following the payment of an undisclosed ransom .
The 32,000 - tonne vessel , which has a mainly Bulgarian crew , was seized on 6 April in the Gulf of Aden while carrying a cargo of iron .
A Bulgarian government official confirmed the ship 's release , saying the pirates ' demands had been met .
He said that all members of the 24 - strong crew were in good health .
Apart from 16 Bulgarians , they include several Russians , Ukrainians and Filipinos .
" The demands of the hijackers were met and the ship has been freed , " said Bulgarian Deputy Foreign Minister Milen Keremedchiev .
Andrew Mwangura , coordinator of the East African Seafarers Assistance Programme , based in Mombasa , Kenya , confirmed the release of the vessel .
" It was freed today , " he said on Saturday .
" Ransom was paid a week ago . "
Heavily armed Somali pirates continue to attack shipping in the Indian Ocean and Gulf of Aden despite the presence of international warships and a string of recent operations against them in recent months , some of which resulted in bloodshed .
The poll is now closed ; with 600 votes cast , here are the results for " the top 40 " :
1. Ludwig Wittgenstein ( Condorcet winner : wins contests with all other choices ) 2 . Gottlob Frege loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 261–160 3 .
Bertrand Russell loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 280 –137 , loses to Gottlob Frege by 218–156 4 .
John Stuart Mill loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 280–135 , loses to Bertrand Russell by 204–178 5 .
W.V.O. Quine loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 291–150 , loses to John Stuart Mill by 214–198 6 . G.W.F .
Hegel loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 290 –130 , loses to W.V.O. Quine by 214–210 7 . Saul Kripke loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 314–138 , loses to G.W.F .
Hegel by 224–213 8 . Friedrich Nietzsche loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 290 – 117 , loses to Saul Kripke by 209–207 9 .
Karl Marx loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 359–95 , loses to Friedrich Nietzsche by 254–138 10 .
Soren Kierkegaard loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 358–124 , loses to Karl Marx by 230 – 213 11 .
Rudolf Carnap loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 345–90 , loses to Soren Kierkegaard by 245 – 194 12 .
John Rawls loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 379–80 , loses to Rudolf Carnap by 212–175 13 .
David K. Lewis loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 352–92 , loses to John Rawls by 211–166 14 .
G.E. Moore loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 362–59 , loses to David K. Lewis by 188 –152 15 .
Donald Davidson loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 342–50 , loses to G.E. Moore by 171–158 16 .
Martin Heidegger loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 351–63 , loses to Donald Davidson by 188 – 161 17 .
Edmund Husserl loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 336–51 , loses to Martin Heidegger by 169 – 140 18 .
Hilary Putnam loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 338–51 , loses to Edmund Husserl by 148–138 19 .
William James loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 347–42 , loses to Hilary Putnam by 151– 146 20 .
Charles Sanders Peirce loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 333–40 , loses to William James by 145 –109 21 .
Alfred Tarski loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 323–55 , loses to Charles Sanders Peirce by 132–109 22 .
J.L. Austin loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 346–29 , loses to Alfred Tarski by 131–126 23 .
P.F. Strawson loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 339 –42 , loses to J.L. Austin by 137–127 24 .
Karl Popper loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 344–47 , loses to P.F. Strawson by 135 – 127 25 .
G.E.M. Anscombe loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 326–35 , loses to Karl Popper by 137–128 26 .
Jean - Paul Sartre loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 355–54 , loses to G.E.M. Anscombe by 145 –139 27 .
John Dewey loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 344–28 , loses to Jean - Paul Sartre by 138 –134 28 .
Wilfrid Sellars loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 348–29 , loses to John Dewey by 123 –116 29 .
Arthur Schopenhauer loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 352–30 , loses to Wilfrid Sellars by 129 – 117 30 .
Henry Sidgwick loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 302–29 , loses to Arthur Schopenhauer by 108–105 31 .
Alfred North Whitehead loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 333–24 , loses to Henry Sidgwick by 108 –86 32 .
Michel Foucault loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 357–31 , loses to Alfred North Whitehead by 123–121 33 .
Bernard Williams loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 337–29 , loses to Michel Foucault by 128 – 127 34 .
Gilbert Ryle loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 347–23 , loses to Bernard Williams by 113 – 110 35 .
Maurice Merleau - Ponty loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 329–32 , loses to Gilbert Ryle by 112–107 36 .
Franz Brentano loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 326–26 , loses to Maurice Merleau - Ponty by 111–100 37 .
Michael Dummett loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 343–26 , loses to Franz Brentano by 106–92 38 .
Jurgen Habermas loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 340 –22 , loses to Michael Dummett by 115 –97 39 .
Hannah Arendt loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 336–29 , loses to Jurgen Habermas by 107–98 40 .
Simone de Beauvoir loses to Ludwig Wittgenstein by 336–30 , loses to Hannah Arendt by 110 –100
I do hope some sociologist is prescient enough to hold on to these results ; I imagine they will look both startling and revealing to the philosophers of 2059 -- though I 'd expect some of " the top ten " to be the same ( e.g. , I 'd imagine that Wittgenstein , Nietzsche , Mill , and Marx will be there -- perhaps even Hegel , Frege and Russell ) .
I was surprised by Kierkegaard 's climb in the last few days .
It is also interesting to see how much better Kripke fared than Lewis when we switched from first - past - the - post to Condorcet .
Comments are open for post - mortem assessments ; signed comments only .
Post only once .
UC
ghrelin
New research led by the University of Cincinnati ( ) suggests that the hunger hormoneis activated by fats from the foods we eat — not those made in the body — in order to optimise nutrient metabolism and promote the storage of body fat .
The findings , the study 's author says , turn the current model about ghrelin on its head and point to a novel stomach enzyme ( GOAT ) responsible for the ghrelin activation process that could be targeted in future treatments for metabolic diseases .
The laboratory study , led by Matthias Tschöp , MD , UC associate professor of psychiatry and internal medicine , is published online ahead of print Friday , June 5 , 2009 , in the journal Nature Medicine .
Ghrelin is a hormone that was believed to accumulate during periods of fasting and is found in the body in high concentrations just before meals .
It is dubbed the " hunger hormone " because it has been shown that administration of pharmacological doses acts in the brain to stimulate hunger and increase food intake in animal models and humans .
The ghrelin hormone is unique in that it requires acylation ( the addition of a fatty acid ) by a specific enzyme ( ghrelin O- acyl transferase , or GOAT ) for activation .
Originally it was assumed that the fatty acids attached to ghrelin by GOAT were produced by the body during fasting .
The new data by Tschöp and his team suggests that the fatty acids needed for ghrelin activation actually come directly from ingested dietary fats .
In a departure from an earlier model that was upheld for nearly a decade , Tschöp says , it appears that the ghrelin system is a lipid sensor in the stomach that informs the brain when calories are available — giving the green light to other calorie - consuming processes such as growing .
Tschöp and his team used mouse models to test the effects of over expressing the GOAT enzyme , or " knocking it out . "
They found that , when exposed to a lipid - rich diet , mice without GOAT accumulated less fat than normal mice , while those with over - expressed GOAT accumulated more fat mass than normal mice .
" When exposed to certain fatty foods , mice with more GOAT gain more fat , " says Tschöp .
" Mice without GOAT gain less fat since their brain does not receive the ' fats are here , store them ' signal . "
Tschöp says that although his study can't be immediately extrapolated to humans , recent human studies at the University of Virginia measured ( separately ) active and inactive ghrelin concentrations .
Those studies showed that during fasting , active ghrelin levels were flat , but during the presence of fat from foods , ghrelin levels peaked with meals as previously described .
Tschöp says these human studies support the new model for ghrelin .
" Our GOAT studies in mice offer an explanation of what could have been happening during the longer fasting periods in these human studies , " Tschöp adds .
" Without dietary fats , ghrelin peaks remain inactive and do n't affect storage of fat .
" We are particularly interested in how ghrelin may be involved in the rapid benefits of gastric bypass surgery , " says Tschöp .
" This powerful obesity therapy frequently reduces appetite and improves metabolism before substantial weight loss occurs .
Intriguingly , this procedure causes food to bypass the stomach and gut sections that contain GOAT / ghrelin cells , which , based on this newly described model , would prevent ghrelin activation . "
Rikki Kite
Canonical 's popular Ubuntu operating system continues to win followers around the world , and Ubuntu User is the first print magazine specifically for this rapidly growing audience .
" Ubuntu is popular with software developers and IT professionals , but it is also a hit with hobbyists and other desktop users who are looking for an alternative to Microsoft Windows and do n't want the restrictive hardware policies of Apple , " says Joe Casad , Editor in Chief of Ubuntu User .
In addition to reviews , interviews , community news , HowTo articles , troubleshooting tips , and in - depth technical articles , Ubuntu User includes a helpful Discovery Guide for readers who are new to the world of Ubuntu .
A free DVD included with each issue of Ubuntu User provides an easy way for users to upgrade to the latest version .
New users can boot from the DVD drive without disturbing the existing installation .
" We 're excited to launch a new print magazine , ” says Linux New Media CEO Brian Osborn .
“ We 've had great success over the past two years with well designed , high - end print magazines for technical readers .
Ubuntu is popular around the world , and it's a great fit for us editorially .
I could n't imagine a better match . "
In addition to the English version of Ubuntu User magazine , Linux New Media plans to launch a German edition later this year .
In 2007 , Linux New Media opened a North American office in Lawrence , Kansas .
In addition to the new Ubuntu User magazine , editors in the North American office produce the monthly print magazines Linux Pro Magazine , Linux Magazine ( international English edition ) , and special publications including Ubuntu Special , Google Tools , and openSUSE Special .
Ubuntu User magazine is shipping now to newsstands worldwide .
For more information or to subscribe to Ubuntu User magazine , visit : http://www.ubuntu-user.com
About Linux New Media
Linux New Media , headquartered in Munich , Germany , is the world 's leading supplier of Linux content .
Print publications include Linux Pro Magazine , Linux Magazine ( outside of North America ) , LinuxUser , EasyLinux , Linux Technical Review , and international editions of Linux Magazine produced in German , Polish , Brazilian Portuguese , and Spanish .
Additionally , Linux New Media produces many Linux - oriented online products and organizes industry events , including the Open Source area of CeBIT , the largest computer and IT Expo in the world .
Canonical and Ubuntu are registered trademarks of Canonical Ltd .
Media Contact :
Rikki Kite
Associate Publisher
rkite@ubuntu-user.com
phone : +1 785-856-3080
Linux New Media
719 Massachusetts
Lawrence , KS 66044 USA
In America , an executive order is a directive issued by the American President .
It is for managing the operations of the federal government .
The constitutional basis for the executive order has several sources .
For instance , Article Two of the American Constitution empowers the president with executive and enforcement powers at his discretion .
This is to determine the way and manner to enforce the law or manage federal resources .
The ability of the President to make such an order is on the Acts of Congress which gives the president some measure of discretionary powers .
Can congress overturn executive orders ?
No , they cannot .
The only thing they may be able to do is to sue the government to the court .
They will be stating that the government has the president has gone beyond his authority .
This can also be a very complicated process because whoever issuing should have a standing in the issue .
Some have stated that the legislature does not .
There are three ways via which an executive order can get overturned and they all hardly ever succeed .
The first is that the president may change , supersede ad revoke and executive order .
Also , Congress may revoke an executive order if and only if the President was acting with the authority that given by Congress .
Finally , the courts may declare an executive order as illegal .
What Is The Basis Of An Executive Order ?
Like regulations created by government agencies , executive orders go to judicial review .
This means that they may get overturned if the order does not have the support of the constitution .
Several policy initiatives need the approval of congress .
But in the case of executive orders , they often have a huge effect on the internal affairs of government .
Some reach includes waging of wars , handling emergencies , the degree which legislation will get enforced and the likes .
Only the President is the Head of state and the Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces of America can issue such an order .
Also , once an executive order issued , they remain in full force until when they get revoked , canceled or expire .
The President may at any time change , revoke or make exceptions from an executive order .
This is regardless of whether the order got made by the sitting president or the one before .
A sitting president often reviews the executive orders made within his initial weeks in office .
What Is The Constitutional Basis Of An Executive Order ?
The American constitution does not make an explicit provision for the use of executive orders .
Article 2 of the Constitution states that the executive order willl be with the American President and Sections 2 and 3 of the same article describes the various duties and powers of the president .
One such is that the President must ensure that the laws get executed .
A ruling from the Supreme Court states that every executive order from the President has to have constitutional support .
There have been times in the past when the order got blocked .
This is when the order goes beyond the authority of the President .
The office saddled with the responsibility of assigning a serial number to an executive order is the Office of the Federal Registrar .
This is after the receipt of the signed copy from the White house .
What Are Executive Actions And What Do They Do
Note that the two most important executive actions are the executive order and the executive memorandum .
An executive order is a statement written by the president to instruct government officials and government agencies .
It is always signed by the president and approved by the office of the Attorney General and the Management and Budget .
An executive order has the power and effect of law by the legislature except in a situation where it gets contradicted by another Federal law that gets passed .
This means that a President can use an executive order to bypass the bureaucratic bottlenecks that Congress sometimes posses .
But , an executive memorandum is like an executive order , only that it does not have the same requirements .
Also , unlike an executive order which has to get signed and published , an executive memorandum does not have any known formal process .
Also , it does not need the approval of the office of the Attorney General and Management and Budget .
It also does not have to get recorded by the Federal Registrar .
One major avenue where executive orders come in handy is in Military operations .
Being the Commander - in - Chief , the President gets tasked with the responsibility of running the military and as such may use executive action for setting military policy .
Also , executive orders may gets used to draw up strategies .
An instance of this is when President Obama came up with an executive order in the case of the Clean Water Act .
It detailed the strategy of the federal government to restore the Chesapeake Bay .
What Are The Ways Via Which An Executive Order May Get Terminated ?
There are several ways via which an executive order can get terminated .
A sitting president may rescind an executive order that got issued by him or a president before .
This is usually the case when a new president comes into office with His policy objectives .
One example of this scenario is when President Donald Trump issued an executive order about the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) .
Also , Congress may override and an executive order by eliminating the funding required for the operation .
Note that while an executive order may have the force of Federal Law , it is still subject to any federal law that contradicts it .
It is always quite difficult to override an executive order and it is not common .
This is because it may get vetoed by the President and due to the partisan nature of politics these days , it would be impossible to gather a two - thirds majority to veto the decision of the President .
The final way an executive order may get vetoed is in a court of competent jurisdiction especially if the president acts beyond his authority when it gets issued .
This can be quite difficult to determine because when the President issues such an order , he usually links his authority to different sources .
How Many Times Has Congress Overturned A Presidential Order In The Past ?
Congress has hardly overturned Presidential Vetoes since the creation of the United States .
In the case where Congress sends a bill to the president for his assent and he chooses to veto it , the legislature may override this decision .
This is by using a two - thirds majority in the Senate and House .
It means that the bill can become a law without the approval of the President .
Note that about 40 percent of all presidential vetoes starting from 1789 down to 2004 happened to be pocket vetoes .
This usually happens when a president decides he does n’t want to sign a bill sent to his desk by Congress .
If Congress is not in Session , it then becomes a law .
Does the American constitution give executive orders power
It is a fact that Presidents have been churning out executive orders since the United States got founded .
This does not mean that the constitution grants explicit power .
The instruments of the executive memorandum , executive orders , and proclamations are not captured by the American Constitution .
What are the executive orders carried out by Donald Trump
Between 1789 and 1907 , American Presidents had issued a total of 2,400 executive orders .
Since 1908 , there have been a total of 13,700 executive orders thus showing the growth in the powers of the President over the years .
Usually , new Presidents sign some executive orders within the first few weeks of being sworn in .
this is to direct the agencies they are taking over from .
President Donald Trump broke a record set by Barack Obama when he signed 14 executive orders which were one more than Obama did .
What Are State Executive Orders ?
The executive orders issued by State Governors are not the same as statues that passed by their legislature .
They have similar force as the federal system .
The state executive orders are often based on the existing statutory powers or existing constitutional powers .
They usually do not need any state legislative action to take effect .
Such executive orders may , for instance need budget cuts from the state government in a period when the legislature is not in session .
It happens when there is an economic issue and ensures that there is a decrease in tax revenue below the projections when the budget got approved .
The governor may opt to determine the percentage which each agency will reduce and also determine which of the agencies would get exempted .
There are also times when the governor may call the legislature into a special session .
Conclusion
Checks and balances are part of the reasons why democracy is the best system of government in the world today .
If a president could have his way on all issues , it means that he will do all within his power to make the country to conform to his image .
We have been able to establish the three ways in which an executive order may get overturned and the fact that it may be quite difficult .
You May Like These Articles As Well :
What Is A Mayhem Vote ?
Was FDR A Good President ?
The Economist Vs Wall Street Journal : What Are The Differences ?
* Suspects wanted to commit holy war , police say
* NY Jews shocked to be target of purported attack
* Mayor , police commissioner greet worshipers
NEW YORK , May 21 ( Reuters ) - New York 's mayor and police chief sought to calm Jewish worshipers on Thursday , the morning after authorities said they foiled a plot to blow up two synagogues and simultaneously shoot down military planes .
Four men arrested in the suspected plot were due to appear in court later in the day in White Plains , New York .
Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said all four had criminal records and did not appear to be part of al Qaeda .
As they greeted worshipers at one of the targeted synagogues Thursday morning , Kelly and Mayor Michael Bloomberg conveyed calm following the latest threat to New York City , which has been on high alert for another attack since the Sept. 11 hijacked plane attacks of 2001 .
The FBI and New York police arrested the four Muslim men on Wednesday night after they planted what they believed to be explosives in two cars -- one parked outside each synagogue -- and planned to head to an air base with what they thought was an activated stinger surface - to - air missile .
But the explosives were inert and the stinger deactivated as the four suspects had been infiltrated by an FBI informant who provided the fake weapons .
" They stated that they wanted to commit jihad , " Kelly told reporters , using a term that can mean holy war .
" They were disturbed about what was happening in Afghanistan and Pakistan , that Muslims were being killed .
They made the statement that if Jews were killed in this attack that would be all right . "
Worshipers at the Riverdale Jewish Center , an orthodox synagogue that had an early morning service , were shocked .
" It 's just unbelievable , unbelievable , that it's here in this community , " said Rose Spindler , who said she was a Holocaust survivor .
" They should let us live .
How can they come here and do that to innocent people ?
We were very lucky . "
David Winter , the executive director of the Riverdale Jewish Center , said the possibility of an attack was " always in the back of your mind . "
" We were shocked .
The shock and being floored is followed by relief , " Winter said .
The other target , the Riverdale Temple , is a reform synagogue .
The suspects were due in court on the day U.S. President Barack Obama was to speak on national security and outline his strategy for closing the U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay where terrorism suspects are being held .
[ ID :nN20544607 ]
HOME -GROWN
None of the four suspects had any known connection to al Qaeda , Kelly said .
One of them was of Haitian descent and the other three American - born .
" It speaks to our concern about home - grown terrorism ... that in many ways is the most difficult to address , " Kelly said .
The two synagogues are in a wealthy area of the Bronx , just north of Manhattan and near a highway that leads upstate toward New York 's Air National Guard base at Stewart airport in Newburgh , where authorities said the men planned to shoot down planes with surface - to - air guided missiles .
The suspects were identified as James Cromitie , David Williams , Onta Williams and Laguerre Payen .
Kelly called Cromitie , 53 , the leader of the group .
Two of the others were aged 29 and 33 .
Kelly said they may have converted to an extreme vision of Islam in jail , he said .
Each man is charged with one count of conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction within the United States , which carries a maximum penalty of life in prison , and one count of conspiracy to acquire and use anti-aircraft missiles , which also carries a maximum penalty of life in prison .
All the men lived in Newburgh , about 60 miles ( 100 km ) north of New York City , authorities said .
According to investigators , Cromitie said if he died a martyr , he would go to " paradise " and that he was interested in doing " something to America , " the complaint said .
In October , Cromitie and the other men began a series of meetings at a house in Newburgh to plot their attacks and just last month they selected the synagogue and Jewish community center and conducted surveillance , it said .
The complaint said they bought an arsenal in May that included improvised explosive devices containing inert C - 4 plastic explosives and a surface - to - air guided missile provided by the FBI that was not capable of being fired .
In November , according to the complaint , Cromitie said , " The best target ( the World Trade Center ) was hit already " and " I would like to get ( destroy ) a synagogue . "
( Additional reporting by Mark Egan ; Writing by Daniel Trotta ; Editing by Bill Trott )
Get the biggest stories sent straight to your inbox Sign up for regular updates and breaking news from WalesOnline Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
SINGLE men walking though historic Cardiff parklands are being photographed by parks rangers , a gay group has alleged .
A gay and lesbian group has complained to Cardiff council claiming it has been approached by men using Bute Park to say they have photographed in the Grade I - listed parklands .
In meetings with police and council officers , the group has claimed that anyone walking through the park in the evenings or at night could have been caught on camera .
The city council denied that people were being photographed without their knowledge .
A council spokeswoman said there were serious problems of illegal and anti-social behaviour in the park and that the photos taken by parks rangers were to “ evidence illegal activity ” .
It is understood that drugs paraphernalia and other items that provide evidence of illegal activity have been found in the parklands , which are popular during the day with families , students , runners and city centre workers .
A spokeswoman for the council said officers had to “ ensure the health and safety of users of the park ” and photographs may be taken “ which would evidence illegal activity ” .
She said : “ Photographs are not being taken of men in Bute Park and park ranger staff have never been instructed to take photographs of park users in the way that has been alleged .
“ However , unfortunately staff do have to deal with illegal activities and anti-social behaviour in this area .
“ Our primary concern is to ensure the health and safety of users of the park and therefore photographs may be taken which would evidence illegal activity and anti-social behaviour as they may be required may be needed for future enforcement action . ”
A member of the gay community said : “ People are very angry about this .
“ They say they have been photographed on their own walking through the park .
“ My concern is that anyone could be photographed if they happen to be walking through the park . ”
The concerns have been raised by the Cardiff and Vale Lesbian Gay , Bisexual and Transgender group at meetings with the South Wales Police liaison group .
A formal complaint was also sent to Cardiff council alleging that single men had also been asked to leave the park .
In a response , a senior officer wrote : “ The council respects the human rights of users but needs to balance the interests of all in order to exercise its duty of care , health and safety and appropriate use of the park . ”
Sir Bobby Robson has died at the age of 76 .
The former England manager , who had fought a long battle with cancer , passed away at his home this morning .
" It is with great sadness that it has been announced today that Sir Bobby Robson has lost his long and courageous battle with cancer , " read a statement released by Robson 's family .
" He died very peacefully this morning at his home in County Durham with his wife and family beside him .
" Sir Bobby 's funeral will be private and for family members only .
A thanksgiving service in celebration of Sir Bobby 's life will be held at a later date for his many friends and colleagues .
" Lady Robson and the family would very much appreciate it if their privacy could be respected at this difficult time . "
The prime minister Gordon Brown led the tributes , saying that Robson 's " Passion , patriotism , dedication and professionalism knew no equal during his time both as a player and a manager " , and countless others echoed such sentiments .
" It is difficult to accept such a person is no longer with us , " said the Internazionale manager Jose Mourinho , who worked as Robson 's translator at Sporting Lisbon , and then as his assistant at Porto and Barcelona .
" But he is immortal because he leaves in everybody who knows him a mark of his personality - a great coach but , more than that , a great person . "
The Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was similarly effusive in his praise , saying : " In my 23 years working in England there is not a person I would put an inch above Bobby Robson .
I mourn the passing of a great friend , a wonderful individual , a tremendous football man and somebody with passion and knowledge of the game that was unsurpassed . "
Brown 's predecessor Tony Blair , a Newcastle supporter , described Robson as " one of the nicest , most caring and genuine people I ever met - a real Geordie gentleman . "
Stricken by cancer Robson had looked frail when , in a wheelchair , he made his final public appearance last Sunday .
Appropriately it was at St James ' Park , the home of the Newcastle United team he always supported and , for five uplfiting years , managed .
The occasion was a fund - raiser for Robson 's cancer charity involving a re-run of the England v West Germany Italia 90 semi final featuring many of the original participants .
That World Cup semi-final saw England , then under Sir Bobby 's charge , lose to Germany on penalties in the cruellest moment of Robson 's often glittering managerial career .
Robson 's playing career had come to an end in 1968 after 18 years in which he featured for Fulham , West Bromwich Albion and , briefly , as player - manager , the Vancouver Royals in the now defunct NASL .
He also won 20 England caps , scoring four times .
After Vancouver he began a lengthy spell as manager of Ipswich Town - from 1969 to 1982 and embracing winning the FA Cup in 1978 and the Uefa Cup in 1981 - ahead of eight years in charge of England .
His career would also take in stints in charge of Sporting Lisbon , Porto , Barcelona , PSV Eindhoven and , finally , his beloved Newcastle .
One of just a handful of English coaches to have prospered abroad , Robson had travelled a long way from his upbringing in Langley Park in County Durham but , never forgetting his roots , always hankered after the return to north - east England occasioned by Ruud Gullit 's resignation from Newcastle in 1999 .
Although , as his wife Elsie and three sons rarely tired of reminding him , Robson remained a football obsessive he proved a far more rounded man than many of his peers .
Well aware of life 's shades of grey , he was unusually generous spirited towards critics and opponents and consistently magnanimous in defeat .
Moreover Robson never failed to support fellow managers experiencing tough stints and took great pleasure in mentoring young coaches - most notably a certain Jose Mourinho , whose football life began as Sir Bobby 's interpreter in Portugal before later accompanying him to Barcelona .
On the pitch , Robson 's teams invariably played bold , expansive football frequently featuring two orthodox wingers and , if things were not proceeding to plan , he delighted in making sometimes match - winning triple substitutions .
Told he was destined to lose his fifth battle against cancer - something which first afflicted him in 1991 - Robson opted to spend his final months endeavouring to improve the lot of fellow cancer sufferers in the north - east and at Newcastle 's Freeman Hospital in particular .
In March 2008 he established the Sir Bobby Robson foundation .
By that November he had raised £ 1 m and in the August he reflected on his own position with a typical realism and impressive lack of bitterness .
" My condition is described as static and has not altered since my last bout of chemotherapy , " said Robson .
" I am going to die sooner rather than later .
But then everyone has to go sometimes and I have enjoyed every minute . "
After the major banks reported solid profits in Q1 , the question on everyone 's mind was : can it be repeat .
The answer is yes , but maybe just for one more quarter .
As the quarter rolls to an end , WSJ reports what many others have started to conclude , which is that Q2 is going to be a monster .
The securities firms still standing on Wall Street are about to close the most lucrative quarter since the credit crisis erupted .
And instead of relying on risk and leverage to drive profits , companies such as J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. , Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , Morgan Stanley and Bank of America Corp. are getting back to basics , with a strong performance from trading and underwriting .
Investor confidence in the debt markets fueled issuance of $ 1.5 trillion globally from the start of the second quarter through Monday , according to Dealogic .
That was slightly lower than in the first quarter , but the latest results showed a rebound in high - yield issuance .
Equity offerings reached nearly $ 260 billion during the second quarter , which ends Tuesday .
That is almost four times the amount recorded during the first quarter , and the highest since 2008 's second quarter , Dealogic said .
In trading , the gap between bid and offer prices on fixed - income assets remained wide through most of the quarter , boosting profits from buying and selling these securities .
Fixed - income trading is one of the main earnings drivers for big Wall Street firms .
At least at this point , though , everyone 's assuming this is it , that Q3 wo n't be so hot , since much of the gains in debt and equity issuance was backlog from the Q4 / Q1 thaw .
As the article notes , $ 90 billion of the $ 260 billion equity offerings were the banks own post - stress test capital raises .
On the other hand , they 're still making tons of money from all the government debt that 's being created , and we do n't see that disappearing ( sadly ) anytime soon , so at least that money train will continue .
STOWING AWAY ON A CARIBBEAN CRUISE : INTREPID FEMALE JOURNALIST DOES THE TRICK ON RAFFAELLO OUT OF NEW YORK ( Paulette Cooper set out to become the first successful woman stowaway .
She did it not by hiding out , but by making herself conspicuous :
Feigning alcoholism , deliberately wearing low - cut dresses , becoming the ship ’s ping - pong champion .
This is her account of a week on board . )
In retrospect , I often wonder why I did it .
Sometimes I think I did it not just to prove that it could be done , but to prove that I was the one who could do it .
Sometimes I think I did it just because I knew it would make interesting cocktail conversation afterwards .
( “ Oh , so you ’re the girl I read about . ” )
Occasionally , I have a sneaking suspicion that I did it just to save some money .
But now , as I stand at the foot of the pier , looking up at the giant luxury ocean liner , I wonder again why I was about to do such a strange and silly thing .
Well , it was too late to back out now .
I walked hesitantly up the VISITORS gangway according to my plan , hoping that I looked as if I were going to see someone off .
I was just a little bit late , and then I had just stepped onto the ship when I heard the loudspeaker announce that all visitors had to go ashore .
I did n’t move .
About five minutes later , the message was repeated , and I do n’t know whether it was my imagination , but the speaker ’s tone sounded a bit more urgent .
I stood there , still uncertain whether to go through with this crazy scheme .
Then , with one long last lonely wail of the ship ’s horn , the gangway went up and the giant liner started slowly creeping out of the harbor to begin its winter cruise from New York to the Caribbean .
And then it suddenly hit me like the waves that were hitting the side of the ship : I was officially a stowaway .
It had all started many months before when I was on another cruise and a young stowaway was caught hiding in his friend ’s cabin .
I was always tremendously impressed with Edgar Allen Poe ’s The Purloined Letter and commented on the situation to my friends back home , expounding on my theory that if the boy had stayed out in the open , he would probably never have been caught .
No one agreed with me , and since I was slightly drunk that night , I stated that I was going to prove it by doing it .
Unfortunately it became a joke among my friends , who know what a coward I am , and eventually , in order to save face , I had to follow through .
So I began formulating my plans .
Sleeping would present no problem since I knew I could sleep openly out in a lounge , which is not uncommon on a cruise ship since liquor is so plentiful and cheap that passengers often pass out in the public rooms .
Food would also present no problems , since most ships have plenty of free buffets on deck where they do n’t check passengers for room numbers .
Furthermore , I knew I could ‘ hide out ’ during mealtimes by simply staying right out in the open at the bar .
Drinking would explain my not going to the dining room as well as my ‘ passing out ’ in the lounge at night .
In fact , after a while , the idea began to be attractive .
After all , a stowaway does n’t have to worry about whether to get an inside or outside cabin .
He does n’t have to fight for the first or second sitting .
He has no problems with silent tablemates who order every course on the menu and then wash them down with his wine .
Yes , the life of a stowaway might be quite interesting …
But before I got carried away , I decided to go to the library to find out whether any stowaway had ever made it .
I learned , at least , that as a stowaway , I would be in good company .
Balboa , who successfully discovered the Pacific Ocean , successfully stowed away in a crate with his dog in order to escape his creditors .
Mike Romanoff , the famous Hollywood restaurateur , stowed away across the Atlantic three times , once sleeping in the dog kennel , another time calling himself a prince and carrying a paper that said he was authorized to stow away , and a third time wearing a white steward ’s jacket and carrying a bundle of dirty linen to make himself look legitimate .
But as I read about these people , and others , one thing stuck out in my mind : women were almost never stowaways — and there is no record of any woman who ever succeeded .
Maybe that was the real reason that I did it : it was my chance to be first in something .
Why could n’t I at least become the first successful female stowaway at sea ?
But now , as the cruise was starting , I began to suspect my friends had been right about me .
I was much too frightened to be able to carry this thing through successfully for the entire one - week cruise , and I probably could n’t even make it through the first for two , which would be the most important .
I certainly tried to look relaxed that first hour at sea while I explored the rooms of the ship along with the other passengers .
But while they went to look at the lounges , I panicked and immediately checked the location of all the Ladies Rooms in case I would have to hide in there .
And although I had some fantasies before leaving of nonchalantly introducing myself to the purser — one of whose jobs is to watch out for stowaways — when the other passengers got their cabin keys from him and introduced themselves , I went out of my way to avoid him .
About an hour later , all the passengers seemed suddenly to disappear ( probably to unpack ) and so did my courage , so I decided to stay in the Ladies Room until they returned so I would n’t look conspicuous .
But when I tried to open the door , I discovered with a shock that it was locked — possibly to prevent stowaways from hiding — since most ships have stowaway checks as the ship first pulls out of harbor , since then they can still send someone back on the tug if they catch them .
I cheered up when I realized that I could always go to the bar , but I became even more upset when I discovered it too was locked .
( I found out later because drinks ca n’t be served tax free until they ’re outside a certain limit . )
I simply had to go someplace or do something .
Standing there like that made me too conspicuous .
So decided to hide the luggage I was carrying — one small attache case .
After a few minutes of searching , I found what I hoped would exist : a small lounge below and away from the main ones .
I also realized that this place would make a very good bedroom , and , although there were no couches , if I pushed two chairs together it would make a bed that was about a foot shorter than my already short five - foot frame .
Next I tried to find a hiding place for my attache case .
There was only one possibility there : the piano .
I picked up the top , placed the case on top of the strings , closed it and tested it .
It sounded just like an attache case was resting on the strings .
I thought sadly to myself that if anyone sat down to play that piano , they might as well have played the Funeral March for me .
As I left , I cursed myself for bringing that attache case along , remembering ruefully that on the last voyage of the old Queen , an American stowaway had been caught when his clothes were found .
But I really had no choice .
I had to stay out in the open , and I knew that a girl wearing the same dress each day would be very conspicuous , especially on cruises where the women have such wonderful wardrobes .
My first plan had been to feign pregnancy , by putting a pillowcase under my dress and stuffing all my clothes in there .
But that presented all kinds of difficulties , both technical ( it could fall out ) and moral ( I ’m not married ) .
So in the end I took that attache case along and filled it with two blouses , four evening dresses and a long evening gown .
It may sound impossible to fit it all in , but it works if you fold it army style : in half , rolled tightly and secured with a rubber band .
Then I went upstairs to begin my total plan .
I knew that people on a cruise ship always notice a young woman traveling alone , so I planned to go all out with a full wardrobe and try to be really obvious : socialize with all the passengers , mingle with the officers and wear enough low - cut knock - out dresses that everyone would notice me and , with luck , nobody would ever think I did n’t really belong .
I first went to the bar to inaugurate my first scheme ; establishing myself as an alcoholic who preferred liquid to a real meal .
A large number of passengers were already at the bar , and since I ’m friendly , I immediately met almost everyone there , as I had done on other cruises I had been on .
But unlike the other times , I could n’t enjoy myself .
Whenever someone casually touched me , I could feel a pain right through to the pit of my stomach .
Whenever the loudspeaker went on , I held my breath , certain they were about to announce my unwanted presence .
And every time someone looked me straight in the eye , I knew they knew .
I became so nervous that I was grateful when they at last left for dinner .
( “ I prefer to drink than eat .
That ’s how I keep so slim , ” I said to explain my staying there . )
But the ship ’s doctor who had been there remained , and stated that he also preferred to skip dinner so that he would have a chance to be with me .
I was flattered , he was attractive , and I decided to stick with him for the evening , assuming a ship ’s doctor would be a nice safe bet .
That was my first and almost fatal mistake .
When I tried to leave him at the end of the evening , he insisted on escorting me to my ‘ cabin , ’ and all my protestations were futile .
“ I ca n’t leave you alone , ” he explained .
“ There are goose pimples all over your arms , you ’ve been trembling all evening , and you ’re so jumpy it ’s unbelievable . ”
“ I ’m seasick , ” I lied .
He dismissed my diagnosis .
“ It ’s a perfectly calm sea and seasick people do n’t drink or eat like you did . ”
“ I was hungry , ” I wailed .
“ If you were really hungry , you would have gone to the dining room for dinner so that ’s not what ’s wrong with you .
But I know what it is , ” he continued and my heart started pounding as I waited to hear the dreaded word ‘ stowaway . ’
“ You ’re coming down with the flu , ” he said instead , and I knew he was lying , because had he really believed that he would have taken me directly to the ship ’s hospital .
But I could n’t suggest that he do that either , since the ship usually charges medication to your cabin .
“ It ’s my duty as a doctor , ” he said pompously , “ to see that you ’re tucked up in bed tonight and ca n’t run around the ship and start an epidemic . ”
“ Lecher , ” I thought to myself , but I had to let him bring me to my ‘ cabin , ’ and we wandered around the lower decks while I tried to convince him I had locked the key in my cabin .
And could n’t remember which cabin number was mine .
When he suggested that we look up my room on the passenger list , I realized I had better do something fast .
I began trying to open some of the doors which I told him “ looked familiar ” ( they all looked the same ) , hoping that one of them would accidentally be open .
None budged .
After several tries , I saw something out of the corner of my eye .
Someone had left the key right in the keyhole .
“ That ’s my room , ” I shouted joyfully , and as I opened the door I prayed that the room would be empty .
It was and I realized I was safe .
“ I ’d better tuck you into bed , ” he said , with a slight smile that suggested he was more concerned about his health rather than mine .
I changed my mind then .
I was n’t so safe .
To add to the danger , this room I said was mine was obviously being used by a man , since his shaving things were lying prominently on the dresser and his shoes were strewn on the floor .
The doctor went to kiss me and I let him ; I preferred to have him direct his attention to me rather than to that room .
But I did n't enjoy it because all I could think was whether or not the man who used the room would suddenly return .
The doctor , misinterpreting panic for passion , put his head on my breasts and told me how “ sensual ” I was as my heart was beating so fast .
When he started loosening his tie , I realized I had better get rid of him fast .
I emphasized my illness , reminding him that he was the one who had diagnosed it , and also hinted that I might be a bit more responsive later on in the voyage when I felt better .
( I figured I ’d be in jail by then anyway . )
It worked and , after he left , I dashed out of the room , went up to the bar to get an empty glass and then ran down to my lounge with it .
I pulled the two chairs together in back of a large decorative pillar that was in the center of the room , so no - one would see me unless they walked back there .
With my dress still on , and the empty glass on a table next to the couch , I hoped that if anyone walked back there , I would just look like someone who had had one drink too many .
It was impossible to sleep .
A slightly rolling ship always squeaks , the water below it swishes , and every time I heard a sound I was certain that someone — most likely the captain — had entered my ‘ room ’ to investigate .
What would actually happen to me if I were caught , I wondered ?
I knew that a stowaway chances a hefty fine and a possible jail sentence , but I was more petrified about what could happen to me before being turned over to the police .
From my library research , I had discovered that stowaways have been tossed overboard , put on islands to die , and left to devious sailors to devise their own devious schemes — like rape , beatings , and torture .
Maybe things are more civilized today , I thought .
Second day : I slept only three hours the previous night and was totally exhausted .
I spent the morning walking around on the decks while the salty sea-spray started ruining my hair - do that had been so carefully set to stay for a week .
“ What difference does it make , ” I thought to myself .
“ I ’ll be in jail most of that time anyway . ”
And then , as if to confirm that suspicion , I bumped into the doctor .
“ When I left your room last night I made a note of the number , ” he said , “ and I called you there this morning . ”
I did not like the tone of his voice or the icy expression on his face .
Had the man who really owned the room answered the phone ?
Did the doctor ask him anything about me ?
Did the doctor know the truth ?
“ Some man answered , ” he said , and I stood there , as petrified as the proverbial forest .
“ Now I do n’t care that after I left you probably picked up some other man and brought him to your room , ” he said slowly and angrily , since he apparently assumed that the room he called was mine and that the man he spoke to was lying next to me .
“ But I do care that you ’re giving the flu to every bloody man on this ship , ” he said and turned and stormed away from me .
I was sure he had spoiled my appetite , but I went nonetheless to the lounge where they were serving bouillon and tea sandwiches at 10:00 a.m. and easily ate 12 half - sandwiches plus three cups of soup .
I spent the afternoon socializing with various passengers , feeling quite proud of myself to have got this far , when , all of a sudden , bells and horns started going off like a slot machine that has just hit a jackpot .
Oh my God , I thought !
It ’s got to be a signal for a suspected stowaway .
But then , when I suddenly saw the crew and passengers running around in their life jackets , I wondered if the ship were going down .
I thought I had prepared for every possible contingency , but this was one emergency I had certainly never envisaged .
“ What does one do when a ship goes down ? ” I wondered ; “ Women and children first , ” they always said .
“ Good , ” I thought , “ since I ’m so short I could qualify for both . ”
But then another thought hit me : “ Is there any space in the lifeboat for a stowaway or were we , like the captain , suppose to go down with the ship ? ”
And suppose I refused to go down and tried swimming ?
I once read that you should swim away from a sinking ship since the suction as it goes down takes everything with it .
But had n’t I read elsewhere that you were supposed to stick with the ship so that you could easily be found later ?
I had just decided to compromise by only swimming slightly away , when I realized it was only a lifeboat drill .
By dinner time I was still free , but I was famished too , and with the exception of bar set - ups there was no free food until midnight , when they rolled out the most beautiful buffet I ’ve ever seen .
I discovered to my delight that there were quite a few men on board , and while there were a number of women , there were not that many attractive ones — and none dressed the way I was .
So I thought at the beginning of the evening it was great to be popular , but I liked the situation less at the end , when every time I got up to retire to my ‘ cabin , ’ five men jumped up and asked to escort me .
I sat down again , trying to outwit or out - wait them while they all seemed to be trying to do the same thing for me .
At last I knew I had better pick someone , so I chose someone I ’ll call Bob who appeared to be the safest -- i.e. least sensual - - man there .
I was afraid of repeating the previous night ’s fiasco by trying to take him to my ‘ room ’ so I went right to my lounge with him and said that I had been seasick the previous night in my small inside cabin and thought it would be better to sleep in this port - holed lounge instead .
Naturally , he invited me to sleep with him in his cabin , but to accept any such invitation throughout the voyage would never have proved my basic point : that a stowaway who stayed out in the open would not be caught .
After what seemed like hours of arguing about whether or not to go to his cabin , Bob said he had another suggestion .
“ What ? ” I innocently asked .
“ We ’ll exchange cabins , ” he said .
I almost passed out .
“ Oh , do n’t worry about me , ” he said magnanimously .
“ A small room with no port - hole does n’t bother me .
And I ’ve got a large room on an upper deck right in the center of the ship so you ca n’t get seasick there .
Here ’s my key .
Now give me yours . ”
More arguing , more offers , and finally sleep — alone in my lounge .
Third Day : I need about nine hours sleep to survive and with less than three again the previous night , I could barely wake up that morning .
I dragged myself upstairs to the Ladies ’ Room , locked the outside door , stripped down to nothing and washed as completely as I could .
Unfortunately , the towels were on one of those revolving racks and since I was too short to completely reach it , I had to stand there naked , dripping wet , waiting for the air to dry what could n’t be reached with the towel .
While drying like that , I set my hair , removed the five - day deodorant pads which were wrapped in foil to prevent them from drying out , brushed my teeth with the bristles of a broken - off toothbrush , and brushed my very long hair with a tiny fold - up brush that could only coif about five strands at a time .
Then , like any female , I put on all my make - up because nobody had been able to convince me to leave it at home even if I were a stowaway and short on space .
I went out on deck , hoping it would be nice enough to sleep in a deck chair , but discovered it was raining .
Later , I bumped into Bob and he asked me to see Bonnie and Clyde at 2:30 with him ; another man invited me to the 4:30 showing , and I accepted both invitations hoping I might get some catnaps .
I do n’t know whether it was my exhaustion , the dark , or the steady staccato of the machine guns on the screen , but I slept through the movie both times , despite a recurring nightmare that I had been caught and was being chased all over the ship .
That evening I had a new problem to worry about : would I be able to hold up in appearance for another four days until the end of the cruise ?
I was beginning to look pretty awful .
My eyes were almost closed and quite bloodshot from lack of sleep .
My make - up was a mess , since the Ladies Room was so dark that even if I managed to get my fake eyelashes on my eyes instead of my nose , the rest of my make - up was too heavy for the bright lights of the rest of the ship .
And , since I could n’t go to the beauty parlor ( they ask you for your cabin number ) my locks resembled the bushy mane of a hippie .
“ All those handsome men on board are going to waste , ” I thought sadly .
I realized that with the way I looked , it would be a miracle if anybody ever asked for my phone number back home .
And then I remembered something I had almost forgotten — it would be a miracle if I even got back home .
Fifth Day : Perhaps
I should have felt better that day , since the previous day had been spent in port — not shopping like the other people on board , but sleeping on a beach - chair , since my plan to rent a room to shower and sleep for the day had failed .
I had no reservation and the only room available cost fifty dollars .
I was tired , but I could never be that tired .
But that was n’t the only one of my plans that had not gone according to schedule .
First of all , I had trouble holding so much liquor .
Because people were spending a lot longer in the dining room ( while I was stuck in the bar ) than I had expected .
Secondly , although there were some free buffets to munch on , they were badly spaced and I almost starved to death between noon and midnight with only some tea and pastries in between .
In addition , I was absolutely filthy , because there were no public showers , and bathing in the pool proved harder than I had expected .
Furthermore , my clothes were dirty .
I knew they might become messed and wrinkled stuffed in a purse and attache case , but my wrinkle - proof clothes were n’t , and I could n’t steam them out by holding them above a sink of hot water in the Ladies Room since my arms would soon start aching , and the water was n’t really hot enough to produce steam .
And finally , sleeping in the lounge was impossible , fully dressed with all the lights on , on two small chairs with a bumpy patent leather purse for a pillow .
But what bothered me most was not that sleep was uncomfortable , but that there was n’t enough of it .
I never dared retire until the lounges and bars were deserted ( around 4 a.m. ) , and then I would awake the second I heard any noise on the ship , which usually started around 7 a.m .
And the night before , I had a very frightening experience .
I thought I was safe and that no - one noticed me behind that pillar , but around 5 o’clock in the morning a crew member apparently found me sleeping there and I woke to find a man ’s hand down my dress .
I was about to scream , but realized that , as a stowaway , that would be even more dangerous .
So instead , I fought him and ran out of the lounge and then stayed trembling and much too frightened to return .
Nevertheless , I had to continue to stay out in the open , since I knew so many of the people on the ship by then that if I suddenly left to hide , my disappearance might be noticed .
So I decided to enter the women ’s ping - pong contest .
I ’m a pretty good player , but I knew that as a stowaway I would have to lose , since prizes , or notices to collect them , are usually sent to your cabin .
So to be certain I would drop out of the tournament quickly , I was the first to sign up .
And then I waited for over an hour for somebody to play with .
Nobody else showed .
Nervously , I began combing the lounges , pleading with every female I saw who was over the age of six to enter the contest .
But nobody wanted to play ping - pong early in the morning , especially since the ship was swaying slightly .
So I finally gave up , and returned to plead with the social directress to cancel the contest .
Instead , she insisted on declaring me winner by default .
“ Congratulations , ” she bubbled , “ We ’ll deliver a prize of pale champagne to your dining room table at dinner . ”
I turned paler than the champagne she promised .
“ But I do n’t like champagne , ” I lied , realizing that I would definitely be caught when they discovered I had no table .
“ But maybe your table will like it , ” she argued .
“ But I do n’t like the people at my table , ” I countered , “ so why should I give them my champagne ? ”
The social directress fixed me with a stare she reserved only for unsociable passengers .
“ How would you like a picture of the ship ? ” she asked .
“ Beautiful , ” I said , trying desperately to get some enthusiasm in my voice .
“ Good , ” she said .
“ We ’ll inscribe it with your name and deliver it to your room tomorrow . ”
I walked away , probably the most unhappy winner they ’d ever had on board .
Well , I decided , I was n’t going to let myself get caught over a stupid mistake like that .
So instead of letting them deliver their prize to my non-existent cabin , I spent the entire afternoon in the social directress 's office , purposely making a complete nuisance of myself until she finally in disgust gave me the crummy wooden photograph of the ship .
I did n’t have room for it on the piano , and besides which I was so disgusted with the whole incident that I wanted no mementos : blithely , I tossed the photo overboard — and then watched in horror as it floated several miles out to sea in full view of all the passengers .
A woman I had spent some time with on the ship watched this curiously and then came over to congratulate me , hesitantly , for winning the women ’s ping - pong contest .
I thanked her just as unconvincingly , and then braced myself for the temperance speech , since every female I met over 30 had felt obliged at some time in the voyage to give me a motherly lecture ( " for your own good " ) about missing meals to drink .
Fellow Passenger Abuse " Is this your first cruise ? ” she asked instead .
“ Fifteenth , ” I said truthfully .
All of a sudden , she turned on me .
“ You ’re a bloody liar , ” she spat .
“ You ca n’t possibly afford to have gone on so many cruises . ”
I tried to tell her the truth : that I had to travel for business and I ’m afraid of planes but she interrupted .
“ You could n’t even afford planes , ” she said snobbishly .
“ First , you never wear any jewelry .
Second , nobody with any class would wear such terribly creased and dirty clothes , and third , I often see you going down below to your room , and why should a ‘ rich girl ’ have a room on a lower deck ? ”
I would have preferred her to think I was a stowaway rather than a liar , and I desperately wanted to tell her the truth : that my jewelry was purposely left at home so that it would n’t be taken as payment if I were caught etc .
But there was nothing I could say , since it would be dangerous to let anyone know the truth about me , so I walked away instead , feeling very embarrassed and self - conscious .
Sixth Day :
Although the trip was almost over , I still could n’t help jumping every time someone came up to me from behind , and I continued to turn pale every time an officer looked at me for more than a second .
It was obvious that I had been completely accepted by everyone as a legitimate — although definitely odd — passenger .
But I still could n’t relax , perhaps because the biggest problem still loomed ahead : getting off the ship the next day without the immigration card or customs declaration that all the passengers had already received in their rooms .
I was so exhausted that last day that I barely remember it .
I slept a little in a deck chair in the afternoon and , as usual , fought off the men that night ( I had become something of a hopeful conquest for them , rumored to be the only single girl who had not been in a man ’s cabin during the cruise ) .
But as a stowaway , I was more scared than flattered by all the men trying to change that situation .
Of course , I had expected attention in those low - cut dresses , but so many male passengers and 500 love - starved crewmembers after me was ridiculous .
My biggest problem now was n’t even the men who kept trying to escort me to my cabin , since I was usually able to discourage them with a story I had made up about having a seasick roommate who was always throwing up in the cabin .
But , as a stowaway , I was constantly alarmed every time somebody asked me for my room number so they could call me , and I would become almost hysterical when someone told me that they had already tried to call me but could n’t find my name on the passenger list .
( “ I bought my ticket the day before the trip and they probably did n’t have time to put me on the list , ” I would lie . )
Even Bob ( from the second night ) was a problem , since I did n’t want anyone to spend too much time with me lest they become suspicious of my rather bizarre behavior ; but Bob was constantly following me around .
If I had wanted , I suppose I could have used him to my advantage throughout , since it would have been easy enough to have hidden out at night in his room ( or any room , since there were plenty of other offers ) instead of sleeping surreptitiously in the lounge .
But while most stowaways try to get inside help , I had been so determined to make this trip on my own , and without anyone knowing what I was doing , that I constantly refused him .
But that final night , I cheated and went to his room .
He had a beautiful bottle of wine waiting , and the bed was neatly turned down when I went in .
“ Mind if I lie down ? ” I asked .
It was a silly question .
He led me to the bed ; I took one long look at that long bed and soft pillow and complete exhaustion hit me .
I do n’t even remember falling asleep : I just remember Bob waking me up .
“ I ’ve heard of women who fall asleep afterwards , ” he said with amazement , “ but I ’ve never met anyone who ever fell asleep before . ” I smiled .
He kissed me .
“ What time is it ? ” I asked sleepily .
“ Five to twelve . ” “ Oh my God ! ” I screamed and jumped out of his room and up to the lounge .
Nothing , not even sex , could make me miss the midnight buffet .
Later that night in the lounge when Bob came up and asked for my home phone number , I decided to give it to him .
But I wondered whether he would still be so smitten with me when he called and I told him the truth : that my name was n’t Jane but Paulette ; that I was n’t a passenger but a stowaway .
Seventh Day :
When I woke up that final morning , I saw that someone had distributed mimeographed comment cards during the night in all the lounges , including mine .
I picked one up and started checking : food , excellent ; service , excellent ; entertainment , excellent ; accommodation — poor .
“ What did you most like about the trip ? ” I wrote down “ The price . ”
“ What is your name and cabin number ? ”
What the hell !
I signed the captain ’s name and went upstairs and submitted my card .
Although I should have been hiding already , I could n’t resist joining the other passengers to watch the pier as we approached .
Suddenly there was an announcement over the loudspeaker that all passengers had to report to the main lounge for immigration .
I had to hide quickly — but where ?
I dashed down to the Ladies room .
It was locked .
I tried several cabin doors .
They were all locked .
I went down to my lounge .
It was already being cleaned for the next voyage .
I started walking around the decks , probably more frightened than I ’ve ever been in my life .
There seemed to be nowhere to hide , nothing to do .
Finally , I saw a cute - looking room steward , and on an outside chance , told him that I had already turned in my key and had to lie down in a room because I was too ill to stand in line .
I asked him for a room on his station , and to my surprise , he agreed — in return for my phone number back home .
I gave him a phony number , but fortunately the empty room he unlocked for me was real .
As soon as I entered , I saw the bed , but I did n’t dare to sleep , or even lie down , because I was so exhausted I could easily have slept through until the ship sailed again .
Being a stowaway once , I thought ruefully , had been once too often .
So I instead nervously paced the floor for four hours until it sounded like all the passengers had gone .
I emerged at last , trembling , to walk the ‘ last mile ’ to the gangway .
There were five security men standing there .
I walked past them , trying desperately to look relaxed and nonchalant , but I was so white with fear that even my slight suntan probably totally disappeared .
I had almost reached my goal , the gangway , when once again I met the doctor .
“ We ’re sailing again tomorrow morning .
Why do n’t you go with us so I can spend more time with you ? ” he asked me .
“ It ’s too expensive , ” I said honestly .
He looked me straight in the eye .
“ Then why do n’t you stow away ? ” he asked .
My heart started beating like a cuckoo clock gone mad .
Had he figured it out , or had the panic throughout the entire trip turned me into a hopeless paranoiac ?
I scrutinized his face carefully but I could detect nothing .
And I realized I would probably never know .
Perhaps he had indeed guessed , but if he had , he had been man enough not to try to extract any payment from me for keeping my secret .
I continued to walk down the gangway , aware of his eyes still watching me , and my knees shook so badly I almost fell down the incline .
Would my assumption be correct that all the passengers would be finished with customs and all the customs men would have left for lunch ?
I was greeted with the most wonderful sight I had ever seen at the end of the most miserable trip I had ever had .
The pier was empty .
I walked outside , feeling calm for the first time in seven days , deliriously , joyfully , unashamedly ecstatic .
“ I made it ! ” I wanted to scream and I could n’t wait to tell my friends at home .
Now I understood why sailors sometimes kiss the ground when they land on shore .
Although there were no cabs around , since the ship had docked four hours earlier , I just stood there outside , smiling , thinking about the hot bath and long sleep that I would be able to have at home .
Suddenly , a police - type car with four security men pulled to a screeching halt in front of me .
My heart dropped as I remembered a statistic I had read in my research : 20 % of all stowaways are caught when they think they ’re already safely ashore .
Was this the end for me ?
Had I gone so far only to be caught at the very last second ?
“ Were you a passenger on that ship ? ” one asked me .
“ Yes , ” I said .
“ Where ’s your luggage ? ” “ It ’s a long story . ” “ Is something the matter ? ” “ There are no cabs , ” I said .
“ Where do you live ? ” I gave him the address .
“ Oh that ’s not too far , ” he said .
“ Jump in .
We ’re always glad to help a lady in distress .
And they drove me all the way to my apartment ( probably the only time that pier police had ever driven a stowaway home without realizing it . )
I had to stifle what I so desperately wanted to announce to someone : “ I am the first successful female stowaway at sea .
At last I ’m first in something ! ”
OLM
Home
About the
Museum
Museum
Events
Become a
Member
Oceanliner
Gazette
Other
Sites
Contact
Us
A woman whose three - year - old son was abducted and taken to live in Hungary has been reunited with him 27 years later after finding his name on Facebook .
Avril Grube last saw Gavin when his father took him on an outing to Blackpool Zoo .
That was in 1982 .
Instead of going to the zoo , however , Joseph Paros took the boy to Budapest in defiance of a court order .
Despite appeals via the Hungarian Embassy in London and the British Embassy in Budapest , and an appeal to Margaret Thatcher , then the Prime Minister , Mrs Grube heard nothing more of her son .
Then last October , her sister , Beryl Wilson , typed the name Gavin Paros into Google and found a link to someone of that name on the social networking site Facebook .
A frustrating wait followed .
With more than 200 million users , there was a possibility that the Facebook member merely shared the name with Mrs Grube ’s son .
It was several weeks before Mr Paros , now a 30 - year - old father of three , checked his Facebook page and found the message from his aunt .
Mother and son were reunited at 4 am on Thursday after her husband Jeff picked him up from Gatwick and drove him to their home in Poole , Dorset .
Mrs Grube , 61 , who is partially disabled after a stroke , said : “ I could n’t sleep , I just sat waiting for him to arrive .
Even though it has been nearly 30 years , when I first saw him I recognised him .
He has my eyes .
“ I was so overcome and just said ‘ my beautiful son ’ over and over again .
He was very quiet and overwhelmed .
We just hugged each other .
It is the happiest day of my life , there are almost no words to describe it .
” The pair managed to communicate , although Mr Paros has forgotten all the English he knew as a boy and Mrs Grube does not speak Hungarian .
Mrs Grube , who has three other children , has yet to meet her daughter - in - law , Sylvia , and three grandchildren Anastasia , 10 , Thomas , 7 , and Angelina , 6 .
She hopes they will decide to move to Britain .
Mrs Wilson , 59 , had spent the best part of three decades helping her sister trace her son .
Because Hungary was a Communist state in 1982 on the wrong side of the Iron Curtain it made the task of tracing a three - year - old boy virtually impossible for a single mother in Liverpool .
Appeals for help through official channels fell on deaf ears .
Mrs Wilson , who still lives in Liverpool , said : “ Gavin ’s father had visitation rights and said he was going to the zoo .
Naturally , my sister was devastated .
We did n’t have people around us to tell us where to go or who to speak to .
We tried our MP and wrote to Margaret Thatcher but nobody was interested or wanted to help .
“ Avril endured many sleepless nights , not knowing if Gavin was alive or dead .
She did n’t cope very well and had a terrible time .
She has a big heart and loves her children very much .
As a result her own health has suffered .
” While Mrs Wilson was trying to trace Mr Paros through the internet , he had been trying to find his English family after the death of his father in 2006 .
Mrs Wilson said : “ I tried online electoral rolls to check if Gavin had moved back to Britain , and I tried Friends Reunited , but did n’t get anywhere .
“ Then one day last October I put his name into Facebook and found him .
I e-mailed him but it took a while for him to respond and when he did he gave me his phone numbers .
“ I called my sister when I heard back from Gavin and told her to sit down as I had some news .
All I heard after that was screaming . ”
Humboldt penguin numbers are declining in the wild ( file image ) Two " gay " male penguins have hatched a chick and are now rearing it as its adoptive parents , says a German zoo .
The zoo , in Bremerhaven , northern Germany , says the adult males - Z and Vielpunkt - were given an egg which was rejected by its biological parents .
It says the couple are now happily rearing the chick , said to have reached four weeks old .
The zoo made headlines in 2005 over plans to " test " the sexual orientation of penguins with homosexual traits .
Three pairs of male penguins had been seen attempting to mate with each other and trying to hatch offspring from stones .
Since the chick arrived , they have been behaving just as you would expect a heterosexual couple to do
Bremerhaven zoo
The zoo flew in four females in a bid to get the endangered birds to reproduce - but quickly abandoned the scheme after causing outrage among gay rights activists , who accused it of interfering in the animals ' behaviour .
The six " gay " penguins remain at the zoo , among them Z and Vielpunkt who are now rearing the chick together after being given the rejected egg .
" Z and Vielpunkt , both males , gladly accepted their ' Easter gift ' and got straight down to raising it , " said a zoo statement .
" Since the chick arrived , they have been behaving just as you would expect a heterosexual couple to do .
The two happy fathers spend their days attentively protecting , caring for and feeding their adopted offspring . "
Humboldt penguins are normally found in coastal Peru and Chile , but their numbers have been dwindling due to overfishing , reports the AFP news agency .
' Drive to mate '
There have been previous reports of exclusive male - to - male pairings among penguins , some of which have also included the rearing of chicks .
Homosexual behaviour is well documented in many different animals , but it is not understood in detail , says Professor Stuart West , an evolutionary biologist at the University of Oxford .
Professor
West says it has been suggested that homosexual activity could serve various purposes - for instance , it may relate to social bonding and establishment of dominance among bonobo chimps , while in some bird species , females may come together to rear young .
Other animals may simply exhibit a " drive to mate " , while others may , like humans , enjoy non-procreative sexual activity .
" Homosexuality is nothing unusual among animals , " Bremerhaven zoo said on Wednesday .
" Sex and coupling up in our world do not necessarily have anything to do with reproduction . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When He Says Yes – What Does He Mean ?
“ YOU MUST be celebrating , ” the interviewer from a popular radio station told me after Netanyahu ’s speech .
“ After all , he is accepting the plan which you proposed 42 years ago ! ” ( Actually it was 60 years ago , but who is counting ? )
The front page of Haaretz carried an article by Gideon Levy , in which he wrote that “ the courageous call of Uri Avnery and his friends four decades ago is now being echoed , though feebly , from end to end ( of the Israeli political spectrum ) . ”
I would be lying if I denied feeling a brief glow of satisfaction , but it faded quickly .
This was no “ historic ” speech , not even a “ great ” speech .
It was a clever speech .
It contained some sanctimonious verbiage to appease Barack Obama , followed right away by the opposite , to pacify the Israeli extreme right .
Not much more .
NETANYAHU DECLARED that “ our hand is extended for peace . ”
In my ears , that rang a bell : in the 1956 Sinai war , a member of my editorial staff was attached to the brigade that conquered Sharm - al - Sheikh .
Since he had grown up in Egypt , he interviewed the senior captured Egyptian officer , a colonel .
“ Every time David Ben-Gurion announced that his hand was stretched out for peace , ” the Egyptian told him , “ we were put on high alert . ”
And indeed , that was Ben-Gurion ’s method .
Before every provocation he would declare that “ our hands are extended for peace ” , adding conditions that he knew were totally unacceptable to the other side .
Thus an ideal situation ( for him ) was created :
The world saw Israel as a peace - loving country , while the Arabs looked like serial peace - killers .
Our secret weapon is the Arab refusal , it used to be joked in Jerusalem at the time .
This week , Netanyahu wheeled out the same old trick .
I DO NOT underrate , of course , the significance of the chief of the Likud uttering the two words : “ Palestinian state ” .
Words carry political weight .
Once released into the world , they have a life of their own .
Unlike dogs , they can not be called back .
In a popular Israeli love song , the boy asks the girl : “ When you say no , what do you mean ? ”
One could well ask :
When Netanyahu says yes , what does he mean ?
But even if the words “ Palestinian state ” passed his lips only under duress , and when Netanyahu has no intention at all of turning them into reality , it is still important that the head of the government and the chief of the Likud was compelled to utter them .
The idea of the Palestinian state has now become a part of the national consensus , and only a handful of ultra-rightists reject it directly .
But this is only the beginning .
The main struggle will be about turning the idea into reality .
THE ENTIRE speech was addressed to one single person : Barack Obama .
It was not designed to appeal to the Palestinians .
It was quite clear that the Palestinians are only the passive object of a discussion between the President of the USA and the Prime Minister of Israel .
Except in some tired old clichés , Netanyahu spoke about them , not to them .
He is ready , so he says , to conduct negotiations with the “ Palestinian community ” , and that , of course , “ without preconditions ” .
Meaning : without Palestinian preconditions .
On Netanyahu ’s part , there are plenty of preconditions , every one of which is designed to make certain that no Palestinian , no Arab and indeed no Muslim will agree to enter negotiations .
Condition 1 : The Arabs have to recognize Israel as “ the nation - state of the Jewish people ” ( and not just “ a Jewish state ” , as many in the media erroneously reported . )
As Hosny Mubarak has already answered : No Arab will accept this , because it would mean that 1.5 million Arab citizens of Israel are cut off from the state , and because it would deny in advance the Right of Return of the Palestinian refugees - the main bargaining chip of the Arab side .
It should be remembered that when the United Nations resolved in 1947 to partition Palestine between a “ Jewish state ” and an “ Arab state ” , they did not mean to define the character of the states .
They were just stating facts : there are two mutually hostile populations in the country , and therefore the country has to be divided between them .
( Anyhow , 40 % of the population of the “ Jewish ” state was to consist of Arabs . )
Condition 2 : The Palestinian Authority must first of all establish its rule over the Gaza Strip .
How ?
After all , the Israeli government prevents travel between the West Bank and the Gaza Strip , and no Palestinian force can pass from one to the other .
And the solution of the problem by establishing a Palestinian unity government is also ruled out : Netanyahu flatly declared that there would be no negotiations with a Palestinian leadership that includes “ terrorists who want to annihilate us ” – his way of referring to Hamas .
Condition 3 : The Palestinian state will be demilitarized .
This is not a new idea .
All peace plans that have been put forward up to now speak about security arrangements that would protect Israel from Palestinian attacks and Palestine from Israeli attacks .
But that is not what Netanyahu has in mind : he did not speak about mutuality , but about domination .
Israel would control the air space and the border crossings of the Palestinian state , turning it into a kind of giant Gaza Strip .
Also , Netanyahu ’s style was deliberately overbearing and humiliating : he obviously hopes that the word ‘ demilitarized ” would be enough to get the Palestinians to say “ no ” .
Condition 4 : Undivided Jerusalem will remain under Israeli rule .
This was not proposed as an opening gambit for negotiations but presented as a final decision .
That by itself ensures that no Palestinian , nor any Arab or even any Muslim , could accept the proposal .
In the Oslo Agreement , Israel undertook to negotiate about the future of Jerusalem .
It is an accepted legal rule that if one undertakes to negotiate , one accepts to do so bona fide , on the basis of give and take .
Therefore , all peace plans provide that East Jerusalem - wholly or partly – will be returned to Arab rule .
Condition 5 : Between Israel and the Palestinian state there will be “ defensible borders ” .
These are code - words for extensive annexations by Israel .
Their meaning : no return to the 1967 borders , not even with a swap of territory that would allow for some of the large settlements to be joined to Israel .
In order to create “ defensible borders ” , a major part of the occupied Palestinian territories ( which altogether make up just 22 % of pre-1948 Palestine ) will be absorbed into Israel .
Condition 6 : The refugee problem will be solved “ outside the territory of Israel ” .
Meaning : not a single refugee will be allowed to return .
True , all realistic people agree that there can be no return of millions of refugees .
According to the Arab peace initiative , the solution must be “ mutually agreed ” – which means that Israel has to agree to any solution .
The assumption is that the two parties will agree on the return of a symbolic number .
This is a highly charged and sensitive matter , which must be treated with prudence and the utmost sensitivity .
Netanyahu does the opposite : his provocative statement , devoid of all empathy , is clearly designed to bring about an automatic refusal .
Condition 7 : No settlement freeze .
The “ normal life ” of the settlers will continue .
Meaning : the building activity for the “ natural increase ” will go on .
This illustrates the saying of Michael Tarazy , a legal advisor to the PLO : “ We are negotiating about sharing a pizza , and in the meantime Israel is eating it . ”
All this was in the speech .
No less interesting is what was not in it .
For example , the words : Road Map. Annapolis .
Palestine .
The Arab peace plan .
Occupation .
Palestinian Sovereignty .
Opening of the Gaza Strip border crossings .
Golan Heights .
And , even more important : there was not a hint of respect for the enemy who must be turned into a friend , in the words of the ancient Jewish saying .
SO WHAT is more important ?
The verbal recognition of “ a Palestinian state ” or the conditions which empty these words of all content ?
The public response is interesting .
In an opinion poll taken immediately after the speech , 71 % supported it , but 55 % believed that Netanyahu just “ gave in to American pressure ” , and 70 % did not believe that a Palestinian state would really come about during the next few years .
What exactly do the 71 % support ?
The “ Palestinian state ” solution or the conditions which obstruct its implementation – or both ?
There is , of course , an extreme right - wing minority which prefers a head - on collision with the United States to giving up any territory between the Mediterranean Sea and the Jordan River .
Along the road to Jerusalem one can see large posters showing a manipulated photo of Obama wearing an Arab headdress .
( It sends a shiver down the spine , because it reminds us of seeing exactly the same poster with Yitzhak Rabin under the keffiyeh . )
But the great majority of the people understand that a break with the US must be avoided at all costs .
Netanyahu and the right - wing hoped that the Palestinians would reject his words outright , thus painting themselves as serial peace refusers , while the Israeli government would be seen as taking the first small but significant step towards peace .
They are sure that this could be achieved for nothing : the Palestinian state will not be set up , the Israeli government will not give up anything , the occupation will remain , settlement activity will go on and Obama will accept all this .
SO THE main question is : how will Obama react ?
The first reaction was minor .
A politely positive response .
Obama is not seeking a frontal collision with the Israeli government .
It seems that he wants to exert “ soft ” pressure , vigorously but quietly .
To my mind , that is a wise approach .
A few hours before the speech , I met with ex-President Jimmy Carter .
The meeting took place at the American Colony hotel in East Jerusalem .
It was organized by Gush Shalom , with several other Israeli peace organizations taking part .
In my opening remarks , I pointed out that we were in exactly the same room where 16 years ago , while the Oslo agreement was being signed in Washington , Israeli peace activists and the leaders of the Palestinian population in Jerusalem met and opened bottles of champagne .
The euphoria of those moments has disappeared without leaving a trace .
Israelis and Palestinians have lost hope .
On both sides , the overwhelming majority wants an end to the conflict but do not believe that peace is possible – and each side blames the other .
Our task is to rekindle the belief that it is indeed possible .
For this there is a need for a dramatic event , a kind of invigorating electric shock – like the historic visit of Anwar Sadat to Jerusalem in 1977 .
I suggested that Obama should come to Jerusalem and speak directly to the Israeli public , perhaps even from the Knesset rostrum , like Sadat .
After listening intently to the participants , the former President encouraged us in our activities and put forward some proposals of his own .
THE DECISIVE point at this moment is , of course , the matter of the settlements .
Will Obama insist on a total freeze of all building activity or not ?
Netanyahu hopes to wriggle out of it .
He has now found a new gimmick : projects that have already started must be allowed to be finished .
One can not stop them in the middle .
The plans have already been approved .
The tenants are waiting for their apartments , and they must not be made to suffer .
The Supreme Court will not allow a freeze .
( A particularly ridiculous argument , like the court allowing a thief to spend some more of the money he has stolen before passing sentence . )
If Obama falls for this , he should not be surprised to find out belatedly that these projects include 100,000 new housing units .
This brings us to the most important fact of this week : the settlers did not raise hell after Netanyahu ’s speech .
On the contrary .
Here and there some feeble criticism could be heard , but the large and armed settler population kept remarkably quiet .
Which brings us back to the unforgettable Sherlock Holmes , who explained how he solved one of his mysteries by drawing attention to “ the curious incident of the dog in the night - time . ”
“ But the dog did nothing in the night - time ! ” someone objected .
“ That was the curious incident , ” remarked Holmes .
Posted Thursday , July 16 , 2009 by Techskeptic
Welcome Aboard !
You are now seated on the faster touring cruiser in the known universe .
This vessel is known as The Skeptica , a Sagan class vessel that can hold thousands of passengers as we take our trip through the known universe .
First we would like to apologize for a number of things .
The captain has had a very full schedule and it appears that since this is the only vessel that makes this particular trip , he has needed to limit the number of planets to be the best and most interesting .
Unfortunately , when he conferred this issue to the home worlds , it appears that only a few have opened their ports to us .
So we will visit those , and hopefully next time things will be a bit more varied .
But enough excuses , Lets go on our journey !
Our first stop is to the Planet Stollznowskiserpakiak .
This planet hosted a society vibrant with technology , science , and wondrous works of art for centuries .
The humorous and happy denizens of this planet have long been our ally in our quest for understanding reality as it is .
Unfortunately , they recently have been invaded by the Rectohaunts .
creatures invading orifices where they most certainly do n’t belong .
We have dispatched some help , but it looks like for the most part they are getting a good handle on the problem themselves .
We certainly do n’t want to get caught up in that , so lets move on to our next destination …
Slooeyscepsoc !
There is simply no denying that this is a gorgeous world !
While the surface is quite barren the seas are teeming with life !
There are over 4 million species of creatures here , not including one celled varieties !
Much like our own planet , even with so many species , only one of them has developed a consciousness that is advanced enough to communicate with us .
These beings are known as the Jurists .
This is the best translation we get from their mode of communication , which is a series of bubbles that are read in size of bubble , duration of bubble stream , and velocity of bubbles .
It took us about 100 years before we realized that these interesting creatures were sentient .
For all that time we just thought they tasted good .
The jurists have an interesting society .
Its a pure democracy where everything is decided upon by majority .
And when I say everything , I mean everything from the sea crops that they will be pursuing , to the time when they evacuate their Goord bladders .
What is more amazing is that for the most part , voting is unanimous !
If you look at your personal viewscreeen , you can read what happens when one member of this society questions the biases of the rest of the members .
As we leave you can hear the committee saying “ bloob blurg ptblaaaaaP ” , which is simply their way of asking us to return soon .
Off to our next destination …
LV246 !
We are visiting this green and lush world filled with mystic and ancient knowledge .
But do n’t let the history of this planet fool you .
All their mysticism is based around fundamental principles that can be measured and verified for yourself .
We are lucky to have access to this planet .
The PodBlackians are currently helping the little sweet green creatures , the Bweedles , a childlike race .
They have been transported here from their home planet where they have been harmed emotionally and physically , by forces outside of their control .
Our visit will be short so that we do not interrupt the transfer of tools and knowledge from the PodBlackians to the Bweedles .
They have to do this in secret .
The PodBlackians are currently hiding from those very same forces that caused so much damage to the creatures they are helping .
The Skeptica is now coming about and heading to over to the Delta quadrant of the universe .
Here we are going to visit an interesting world , Auditant .
The coolest thing about Auditant is that despite the fact they have developed tremendously complex and intricate buildings , startling advanced electronics and computer systems , and have pushed science to the limit beyond most other civilizations , they do n’t have any written language .
Everything they do is perfectly recorded and played back at a later date .
However the Auditants are prolific !
Lets stop by one of their auditory arenas .
These arenas are shaped like football fields where they lob verbal assaults on their targets .
For example in this first match we can see the team HJHOP launch a barrage of searing verbal battering rams on a variety of topics such as a secret society , and some hauntings in one of their provinces .
Then you can see the HJHOP team swing around and dive down the format line to score a point by utterly destroying one of the opposing teams biggest windbags who resembles a large pig .
After the match , the winning team has assembled a nice evening with some good music for our pleasure .
They are hoping their selection will bring us back on every trip .
The auditants have also asked us to take a look in news feeders ( there are only 400,000 of them ! ) .
But in particular , they thought we might be interested in seeing how they found out how cultural myths spread and how they get busted up !
We are going to move on , be we have downloaded the audio images you your viewscreens so you can hear them at your leisure as we move on to the next stop !
Vitelli , is a barren planet but the only surface species left are quite amazing .
They come to the surface to socialize and do nothing else .
Eating , caring for children , society building and the general advancement of their civilization all happens underground where there are huge fungal gardens and many varieties of game to catch in the many many miles of caverns available to the inhabitants .
What happened you ask ?
Its a long story , and the Vitellians are not quick to discuss it , and for all for formidable stature and dexterity , you can watch as the slouch in shame on this topic .
Apparently the Vittelians were not always the quick witted creatures you see before you today .
There was a time where they assigned the cause of random negative events to members of their own society .
So if something bad happened , they would pursue one of their own , and perform any number of horrendous things to them until they were dead .
They have sent us a brief history of these events , going over the why , the how and the when .
But they have also included data about how some of their early ancestors noticed that perhaps this was not the right course of action .
Leaving planet Vitelli , in a rare fluke of nature , there is another planet in the very same star system with another sentient species .
The Mikes live on the rocky planet Jaqsone .
These helmeted creatures do everything in pairs .
Everything they build , everything that write , everything they destroy , they do it in couples .
Recently however , a visitor from another planet came .
A great majority of the population of Jaqsone revered this ghost like visitor who taught them new ways of communicating and moving their double jointed bodies .
Unfortunately , the visitor from another planet could not live long in the Jaqsonian atmosphere and he came to an early demise .
At this news more aliens came to Jaqsone and tried to cash in on his death .
The Mikes would have none of this .
They loved their visitor , and did n’t want his memory tarnished by buzzards and swindlers who came later .
So they wrote two manifestos on it , you know , because they do everything in twos .
Honestly I do n’t know who is in charge of naming planets , but you would think that they did n’t have to repeat things .
We have arrived to the planet Jupiter .
No , not our Jupiter .
This Jupiter is just as large , but its in the Centaurus A galaxy , near the OneBrow Star .
The inhabitants of Jupiter live underwater .
They are not large creatures , they are only about 2 meters tall , but they are amazingly dense !
If they were on our planet they would each weigh in at 4 metric tons !
They are aware that their species is one of the only sentient bottom dwellers in the universe , and therefore , in a half joking manner , refer to themselves as People - from - the - Floor - of - the - Ocean .
We just refer to them as Floorians .
Its appropriate since they call us Walkers .
This species is incredibly advanced .
Our guide is just a slightly - smarter - than - standard working guy there , advising architects and building homes , but look at some of his daily correspondence with his beer drinking colleagues as they discuss they latest philosophical arguments !
Note : Floorian beer tastes very similar to urine , I 'm sure you would n’t want to try either .
You may have thought that after 600 years of reality and game shows on earth we would have pretty much covered everything .
But you would be wrong .
We are arriving at the planet Cubik .
This planet is an enigma all unto itself .
The inhabitants look like spider , but they are quite humorous and friendly .
They have been at gaming in various forms for thousands of years .
Games are used as demonstrations of love , they are use as acts of war , they are used in political processes .
There is no aspect of life that does not involve one form or another of gaming whether it be solitary games or massively multiplayer games .
While they have certainly has a couple of centuries of of electronic dabbling , mostly they have stuck to games that require physical interaction .
They have built entire societies around games .
If you look out your window , you will see the ruins of the old Age of Knights , which involved bigger than life pieces that were played across entire states between mutple opponents .
Alas , the age of knights faded away , soon to be replaced by the Age of Colorful board games , The Age of Electronic games , The Video game age and for the last two thousand year they have been in the Game Show Age .
Lets try to get a feed …
Ah yes , here we go .
Here is a game show where a small band of nonbelievers are pitted against believers of the local religion .
In one hour we should be seeing some conversions .
I wonder if they have a similar game show where they can get converted back ?
Now have a nice surprise for you .
We will be visiting Caliban .
This planet just opened itself up to us very recently , however its inhabitants have been seen on many other planets for the last few years .
That is why we knew they existed .
After much encouragement , we are finally able to visit their homeworld .
While they are ferocious warriors they are also adroit thinkers .
Most of their written text whether found in the libraries on Caliban or in texts on other planets you will find strong words , sharp tongue and a warlike stance on many subjects .
For example , take a look at how they recently shredded some ancient texts that are no longer useful to the society .
It comes in six scathing chapters and it is not even done yet !
But perhaps you would like to delve into some of their military history ?
I would n’t want these pesky bastards opposing me !
We are wrapping up our journey here , I hope you have been enjoying your travels .
Lets stop at a couple of more planets .
First lets jaunt over to Bernardin , this planet is home to one and a half evolving minds .
I say one and a half because it is clear that there is one at least a brightly colored tentacled soft spoken creatures , the Drewniads .
And while there are certainly a multitude of intelligent creatures on this lush planet there is one in particular that resembles our dogs .
We are still trying to determine if these creatures are as sentient and intelligent as the Drewniads , and while there is some evidence of it were are still trying to ascertain the range of emotions these creatures feel .
On our last other worldy stop we are going to Sirius the Dog Star .
Around it is a small planet discovered quite some time ago .
Again , the alert planet namers decided to call this planet Sirius also .
Further … the inhabitants ?
Yeah they are the Sirians .
The largest Ocean ?
Sirius .
The largest landmass ?
Sirius .
It goes on and on .
Someone really was slacking at their job .
The planet itself is the height of beauty and wonder however .
The gorgeous landscapes are so striking they just make you want to get down on your knees and thank the universe for being so wonderful .
In fact , the Sirians do exactly that every evening .
Its a good break from their daily routine where they are far more serious about what else the universe brings them !
Anyway , the Sirians are a rambling lot .
They often have sessions just telling each other what they think the other person does n’t know .
In fact , they ’ve got long lists of things that should not be mention because they are bad form .
but when they get away from their loquacious vomit , they sometimes write about softer , happier things .
Let me give you a recent submission on the Sirian soul .
OK , we are heading back to Earth .
We , the crew of the Skeptica have truly enjoyed touring the universe with you and we hope you will return soon and often .
Before you leave the vessel , make sure you avoid the drinking the water at the starport .
We have new water treatment facilities but we are unsure if they are working properly .
Also , as you leave the port , there may be people from a completely different dimension handing you flyers about how to get to their homes .
We do not recommend it .
As you leave feel free to take one of the touring guides with you .
Captain ’s Note : I realize that some of the material presented here may be owned by the artist .
If you own any of the pictures or Spore Creatures I have used , please tell me and I will happily apply proper credit or remove them if you wish .
I hope you liked how they were used , its for a good cause .
The Next Skeptic ’s Circle will be hosted by Beyond the Short Coat on July 30th .
Check it out !
Boryana Katsarova / AFP / Getty Images
On Feb. 21 , Kiril Georgiev of Bulgaria played 360 people simultaneously in Sofia , Bulgaria , breaking the world record for such a feat .
His final score was 284 wins , 70 draws and 6 losses .
The previous record holder , Andrew Martin , an English international master , had played 321 opponents at Wellington College in Berkshire , England , on Feb. 21 , 2004 .
Susan Polgar of the United States played 326 people simultaneously at a mall in Palm Beach Gardens , Fla. , in August 2005 , but the Guinness Book of World Records did not recognize her record as official .
It took Georgiev more than 14 hours to set his record .
Oddly enough , that effort did not take as long as the longest game in recent memory — a 269 - move , 20 hour , 15 minute , marathon between Ivan Nikolic and Goran Arsovic , two Serbians , that began on Feb. 17 , 1989 .
The game ended in a draw .
Another long game , at the 1969 World Junior Championship , between Kenneth Rogoff of the United States , who is now a prominent economist , and Arthur Williams of Britain , not only lasted 221 moves , but was notable because the first capture did not occur until the 94th move .
That game , too , ended in a draw .
While Georgiev ’s exhibition was the largest individual effort , it does not compare with the largest number of games played simultaneously .
According to Guinness , that happened on Oct. 21 , 2006 , in Mexico City , when hundreds of masters played against 20 to 25 opponents each , for a total of 13,446 games at the same time .
Of all the records in chess , the most remarkable may be games played simultaneously blindfold .
George Koltanowski , who was born in Belgium but lived most of his life in the United States , set the official record in 1934 by playing 34 games blindfold , winning 24 and drawing 10 .
On Dec. 4 , 1960 , Koltanowski reportedly played 56 games blindfold , winning 50 and drawing 6 .
Koltanowski had a prodigious memory which he used to perform something called the knight ’s tour .
In this exhibition , he would have members of an audience enter information on each of the 64 squares of a chess board drawn on a chalk board .
Then , he would turn his back to it and , beginning on a square chosen at random , he would jump from square to square imitating the movements of a knight .
On each square , he would recite the information put there by the audience members until he had covered the entire board without landing on any square twice .
Given the nature of chess , there are many other records , some of which are compiled on Wikipedia .
Three years ago , Chessbase.com also listed some chess records , courtesy of Edward Winter , a British historian .
One amusing one was a game by mail that took 16 years to complete .
Yes , he plays a flamboyantly gay Austrian fashion reporter , but heterosexual Sacha Baron Cohen ’s character Bruno is , for all intents and purposes , a comedic exercise in exploring gay stereotypes and going on a witch hunt for homophobes — both concepts that , on their face , we ’re perfectly fine with .
But while we debate in our own community what the film Bruno will do for gays , America at large is about to be told what we think of the film by two leading Gay Inc. organizations .
Let ’s see if you agree with your mouthpieces ?
In a Sunday feature , the New York Times will look at Cohen ’s movie and whether it ’s good or bad for the gays .
Like any worthwhile media outlet , the Times needs to ask folks what they think about this — and who else to turn to but soundbite - friendly organizations like GLAAD and HRC .
Here ’s what GLAAD senior director Rashad Robinson says about the film ( via Drudge ) : “ Some people in our community may like this movie , but many are not going to be OK with it .
Sacha Baron
Cohen ’s well - meaning attempt at satire is problematic in many places and outright offensive in others . ”
And here ’s HRC spokesman Brad Luna : “ We strongly feel that Sacha Baron Cohen and Universal Pictures have a responsibility to remind the viewing public right there in the theater that this is intended to expose homophobia . ”
And yet , nobody has ever accused Cohen of being a homophobe .
His characters , maybe , but in his everyday life , the man is n’t out there driving stakes through our hearts .
His comedy , rooted in the days of Ali G , maintains the M.O. of embarrassing people who take themselves too seriously , exposing hypocrites , and denigrating racists , homophobes , class elitists , and so forth .
Sure , he makes a killing in box office receipts , but it ’s not at our expense .
These are not the punchlines you get from idiots like Bill O’Reilly .
There is a significant and measurable difference .
For any portion of America ’s movie - going audience who does n’t understand that , this film is n’t going to change the minds of Joe Conservative .
They will laugh at the gay stunts — and so will we , for very different reasons .
Namely , we ’ll giggle in a “ I ca n’t believe he just went there ! ” way .
The cackles from the bigots in the audience will be of the “ silly faggot ! ” type .
Bruno does n’t need to be a finely tuned teaching moment ; that ’s asking too much of mainstream cinema fare .
But the film let ’s us laugh with and at stereotypes .
It ’s a pornographic enterprise into America ’s remaining taboos .
If the film starts even one conversation about “ how wrong ” all of that is , it ’s a success — and , dare we suggest , something we should support .
UPDATE : The Human Rights Campaign writes in to Queerty to expand on Luna ’s quote provided by Drudge , adding : “ If the context and intent behind this kind of particular humor is about exposing and making fun of homophobia to show the ridiculousness of it , that is one thing .
What is undeniable though is the impact on the audience is going to vary .
Although we view the movie for what it is , a satirical portrayal of stereotyping , we should n’t lose sight of the seriousness of this issue .
The # 1 epithet used on schoolyards across the country remains anti-gay slurs .
In the last few months , we have had to continually witness the heartbreaking suicides of young boys who were taunted and bullied using anti-gay epithets .
It continues to remain a serious problem in this country .
As Sacha Baren Cohen and Universal Pictures prepare for the upcoming release of Bruno , they have a responsibility to make sure that the viewing public understands this character is done as satire to poke fun at stereotyping .
Otherwise , they run the risk of 16 yr old high school boys across the country feeling empowered to bully schoolmates .
And tragically we already know what the consequences of that are . ”
Agreed .
CHICAGO ( July 17 , 2009 ) -
The aloe vera plant has a long history of healing power .
Its ability to heal burns and cuts and soothe pain has been documented as far back as the 10th century .
Legend has it that Cleopatra used aloe vera to keep her skin soft .
The modern use of aloe vera was first recognized the 1930s to heal radiation burns .
Since then , it has been a common ingredient in ointments that heal sunburn , minor cuts , skin irritation , and many other ailments .
Recently , aloe vera has gained some popularity as an active ingredient in tooth gel .
Similar to its use on skin , the aloe vera in tooth gels is used to cleanse and soothe teeth and gums , and is as effective as toothpaste to fight cavities , according to the May / June 2009 issue of General Dentistry , the Academy of General Dentistry 's ( AGD ) clinical , peer - reviewed journal .
Aloe vera tooth gel is intended to perform the same function as toothpaste , which is to eliminate pathogenic oral microflora -- disease - causing bacteria -- in the mouth .
The ability of aloe vera tooth gel to successfully perform that function has been a point of contention for some dental professionals .
However , research presented in General Dentistry may alleviate that concern .
The study compared the germ - fighting ability of an aloe vera tooth gel to two commercially popular toothpastes and revealed that the aloe vera tooth gel was just as effective , and in some cases more effective , than the commercial brands at controlling cavity - causing organisms .
Aloe latex contains anthraquinones , which are chemical compounds that are used in healing and arresting pain because they are anti-inflammatory in nature .
But , because aloe vera tooth gel tends to be less harsh on teeth , as it does not contain the abrasive elements typically found in commercial toothpaste , it is a great alternative for people with sensitive teeth or gums .
But buyers must beware .
Not all aloe vera tooth gel contains the proper form of aloe vera .
Products must contain the stabilized gel that is located in the center of the aloe vera plant in order to be effective .
Products must also adhere to certain manufacturing standards .
Dilip George , MDS , co-author of the study , explains that aloe " must not be treated with excessive heat or filtered during the manufacturing process , as this destroys or reduces the effects of certain essential compounds , such as enzymes and polysaccharides . "
Dr. George suggests that consumers consult non-profit associations such as the International Aloe Science Council to see what products have received the organization 's seal of quality .
Although there are more than 300 species of the plant , only a few have been used for medicinal purposes .
" Thankfully , consumers with sensitive teeth or gums have a number of choices when it comes to their oral health , and aloe vera is one of them , " says AGD spokesperson Eric Shapria , MS , DDS , MAGD , MA .
" If they are interested in a more alternative approach to oral hygiene , they should speak with their dentist to ensure that it meets the standards of organized dentistry , too . "
###
Basic Usage
Include farbtastic.js and farbtastic.css in your HTML : < script type =" text / javascript " src=" farbtastic.js " ></ script >
< link rel=" stylesheet " href= " farbtastic.css " type =" text/css " />
Add a placeholder div and a text field to your HTML , and give each an ID : < form > < input type =" text " id =" color " name = " color " value= " #123456 " /></form >
< div id =" colorpicker " ></div >
Add a ready ( ) handler to the document which initializes the color picker and link it to the text field with the following syntax : < script type = " text / javascript " >
$ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) {
$ ( ' # colorpicker ' ) . farbtastic ( '# color ' ) ;
} ) ;
</script >
See demo1.html and demo2.html for an example ( jquery.js is not included ! ) .
Styling
The color picker is a block - level element and is 195x195 pixels large .
You can control the position by styling your placeholder ( e.g. floating it ) .
Note that the black / white gradients inside wheel.png and mask.png were generated programmatically and cannot be recreated easily in an image editing program .
Advanced Usage
j Query Method
$ (...) .farbtastic ( ) $ (...).farbtastic(callback )
This creates color pickers in the selected objects .
callback is optional and can be a : DOM Node , jQuery object or jQuery selector : the color picker will be linked to the selected element (s ) by syncing the value ( for form elements ) and color ( all elements ) .
Function : this function will be called whenever the user chooses a different color .
It should have the following signature : function callback ( color ) { ... }
With color the chosen color in hex representation ( e.g. '# 123456 ' ) .
Object
$.farbtastic ( placeholder ) $.farbtastic ( placeholder , callback ) Invoking $.farbtastic( placeholder ) is the same as using $ ( placeholder ) .farbtastic ( ) except that the Farbtastic object is returned instead of the jQuery object .
This allows you to use the Farbtastic methods and properties below .
Note that there is only one Farbtastic object per placeholder .
If you call $.farbtastic ( placeholder ) twice with the same placeholder , you will get the same object back each time .
The optional callback argument behaves exactly as for the jQuery method .
Methods
.linkTo(callback )
Allows you to set a new callback .
Any existing callbacks are removed .
See above for the meaning of callback .
.setColor ( string )
Sets the picker color to the given color in hex representation ( e.g. '# 123456 ' ) .
. setColor ( [h , s , l ] )
Sets the picker color to the given color in normalized HSL ( 0..1 scale ) .
Properties
At the 46th North American Network Operators Group ( NANOG ) meeting in Philadelphia last week , cable operator Comcast announced it was making IP v6 available to wholesale customers that connect to its fiber network .
The most remarkable part here is what it 's not doing : making IP v6 available to its cable Internet customers .
The first steps in this area are slated for 2010 .
When speaking at the NANOG meeting , Comcast 's John Jason Brzozowski talked about the large number of issues with rolling out IP v6 over their broadband infrastructure .
One is that , without content available through IP v6 , consumer interest in IP v6 may atrophy , so the move to make IP v6 available to wholesale ( Web hosting ) customers now makes a lot of sense .
When it comes to wholesale users , Netflix did n't see many issues with consumer IP v6 readiness , but is unhappy about the state of IP v6 in content distribution networks .
That may come down to its choice of CDN ; Limelight is already there .
Two years ago , we wrote about how we could run out of IP v4 addresses by 2010 .
These predictions , however , assumed that we'd use more and more new IP v4 addresses every year , which has n't really happened .
Twenty - five months ago , there were 48 blocks of 16.78 million IP v4 addresses in the IANA global pool and the equivalent of another 24 blocks being held by the five Regional Internet Registries ( RIRs ) , leaving a total of 72 ( 1208 million addresses ) .
Today , there 's 30 and 21 , adding up to 51 blocks ( 855 million addresses ) .
So we used less than one block a month , virtually the same rate as the two years prior .
At this rate , it seems unlikely that we 'll run out of IP v4 addresses within less than three years or so .
In an ideal world , we 'd use those years to enable IPv6 ( see Everything you need to know about IPv6 ) and smoothly transition from one protocol to the other .
This would require two steps : enabling IPv6 and disabling IPv4 .
Starting with Windows XP , all operating systems have been capable of sending and receiving IP v6 packets over ethernet and WiFi ( dial - up modem , not so much ) .
The big routers in the core of the Internet can also run IP v6 , so the only thing standing in the way , quite literally , are home routers and the service provider 's broadband infrastructure .
The difficulty here is that the ISP - home router connection requires authentication mechanisms and a way to delegate IP addresses .
That 's right : plural .
With IP v4 , it 's normal to share a single IP address among multiple computers and other devices in the home .
But the point of IPv6 is that there is no address scarcity , so it 's possible to use a much cleaner approach , where every bit of hardware has its own individual address .
This obviously requires a more complex system to obtain addresses from the ISP .
The protocols to do this are available , but not the operational guidelines on how to use them in such a way that everything works together seamlessly .
All of this is now ( belatedly ) being sorted out in the IETF , so hopefully it will be possible to run IP v6 over a broadband line without requiring home users to manage a complex configuration in the near future .
Unfortunately , the hard part will then begin : getting rid of IPv4 .
Running IPv6 and IP v4 side by side requires just as many IP v4 addresses as just running IP v4 , so it does n't solve anything .
Users with a recent operating system who are willing to forego software and devices that do n't work with IPv6 ( a list that currently includes Skype and the iPhone ) may be able to use IPv6 - only connectivity , providing there is some kind of translation service in place that allows them to connect to servers that are still IPv4 - only .
But it looks like ISPs wo n't realistically be able to provide IP v6 - only service for some time to come , as there is simply too much IP v4 - only hard - and software out there .
So it looks like , once we 're out of IP v4 addresses , ISPs will need to put several users behind a single IP address using Network Address Translation ( NAT ) .
Today , most users are already behind NAT , but the NAT is provided by the home router .
One of the big issues with the NAT service is that it does n't know where to send unsolicited incoming packets ( some consider this a security feature ) .
This can usually be fixed with some manual configuration of a home router or with local protocols such as UPnP or NAT - PMP .
These solutions do n't work with NAT performed at the ISP level , so applications that require unsolicited incoming packets — these include peer - to - peer applications such as VoIP and BitTorrent , as well as services like Back To My Mac — will start breaking once this process starts .
ISPs probably can't avoid putting their customers behind NAT at some point , and that will require investments in new hardware — the question is whether ISPs will be able to justify simultaneous investments to provide IP v6 service over broadband .
The best we can hope for is that they 'll manage to do both , since we 're probably going to need to keep legacy IPv4 - only hardware and software limping along .
“ No symphony orchestra ever played music like a two - year - old girl laughing with a puppy . ”
Bern Williams
A child ’s first pet has become accepted knowledge in recent years that children with pets receive numerous benefits including increased kindness toward other children , increased self - esteem , even stronger physical and emotional development .
( Pics )
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
New York Sightseeing
Tours click here
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Remarkable Photos of Kids and Their Perts – Part 2
.
.
.
Via Bellflower
Despite the Chinese government ’s intent to keep the 1989 crackdown in Tiananmen Square out of public discourse , audio recordings and excerpts of a memoir by the Communist Party chief who was purged for opposing it have begun circulating quietly on the Internet .
Before his death in 2005 , Zhao Ziyang secretly recorded 30 hours of tapes that have been turned into a memoir , “ Prisoner of the State : The Secret Journal of Premier Zhao Ziyang . ”
Among his revelations , Zhao contradicts the widely held belief that the Standing Committee of the Communist Party ’s Politburo made a formal vote to call in the military .
And he lays out clearly the defiance that got him sacked .
“ I refused to become the general secretary who mobilized the military to crack down on students , ” Zhao declares .
Advertisement
The last time Zhao was seen in public was the early morning of May 19 , 1989 , at Tiananmen Square .
With a bullhorn in hand and tears in his eyes , Zhao , who had resigned as premier two years earlier to focus on his job as party chief , begged demonstrating students to end their hunger strike .
Later that day , Premier Li Peng called in the military , leading to the events of June 4 , when soldiers killed hundreds of protesters .
The memoir is clearly intended as something of a manifesto for change .
In his last year , the tapes reveal , Zhao became more convinced that China could not become a successful market economy without allowing democracy .
“ In fact , it is the Western parliamentary democratic system that has demonstrated the most vitality , ” he says .
Although it is hardly sensational stuff , tell - all memoirs by China ’s Communist Party chieftains are unheard of .
The release of the memoir also comes at a sensitive time for Beijing , which is struggling to prevent this clumsily buried history from intruding on the present .
Advertisement
“ It ’s the first time a top Chinese Communist Party leader has done such a thing , ” said Perry Link , a scholar blacklisted from China since he co-edited “ The Tiananmen Papers , ” a collection of government documents .
He said in response to an e-mail that Zhao ’s book did n’t plow much new ground for scholars , but that it “ stands out for the palpable passion and the timing . ”
The government has made it clear that it will tolerate no commentary , much less commemorations , on the 20th anniversary of the crackdown .
At the same time , it is trying to contain the fallout from a pro-democracy petition known as Charter 08 that gathered more than 8,000 signatures before being zapped from the Internet .
“ Prisoner of the State ” is not on sale in China , other than in Hong Kong , and is not likely to be any time soon .
Nevertheless , excerpts and audio clips were circulating over the Web on Friday a few hours after the book ’s release by Simon & Schuster .
The Washington Post put excerpts in English and Chinese onto its website , which many readers in China appeared to be downloading .
Advertisement
“ Years ago , when Zhao died , I was thinking that he might leave something for descendants , ” an anonymous Chinese reader commented over Twitter .
“ Now , it finally comes out and it is really precious . ”
Creating the memoir involved much subterfuge .
Under house arrest , Zhao was too closely watched to spend his days writing .
Instead he produced audio journals , recording over tapes of Chinese opera and children ’s songs , the book ’s preface says .
The tapes were given to trusted friends .
“ Although Zhao now speaks from the grave , his voice has the moral power to make China sit up and listen , ” Adi Ignatius , editor in chief of the Harvard Business Review , wrote in the preface .
The subject of the 1989 protests is so sensitive that search engines in China block the words “ Tiananmen Square ” and the number combination “ 6 - 4 , ” often used as code for June 4 .
An ad commemorating victims was recently pulled from a newspaper .
It showed a group of people looking toward the sky , “ 6 " on one side and “ 4 " on the other .
Advertisement
The San Francisco - based Dui Hua Foundation , a human rights group , reported this week that 30 people were still serving sentences for participating in the protests .
A former student leader , Zhou Yongjun , who has lived in the U.S. since 1993 , was arrested in October after returning to China to visit his elderly parents , family members said Wednesday .
Human Rights
Watch also reported that larger numbers of Chinese who had smaller roles in the demonstrations continued to be harassed .
“ The battle over memory and forgetting is still going on , ” said Phelim Kine , a senior researcher for Human Rights Watch .
--
Advertisement
barbara.demick@latimes.com
Alternative vote : an electoral system for Canada .
Page / Link : Page URL : Page URL : HTML link : < a href= " https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Alternative+vote%3a+an+electoral+system+for+Canada.-a030321674</a>
HTML link : Citations : MLA style : " Alternative vote : an electoral system for Canada . . "
The Free Library .
1998 Inroads , Inc. 30 Sep. 2020 " Alternative vote : an electoral system for Canada .. " .
1998 Inroads , Inc. 30 Sep. 2020 https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Alternative+vote%3a+an+electoral+system+for+Canada.-a030321674
Chicago style : The Free Library .
S.v. Alternative vote : an electoral system for Canada .. "
Retrieved Sep 30 2020 from The Free Library .
S.v. Alternative vote : an electoral system for Canada .. "
Retrieved Sep 30 2020 from https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Alternative+vote%3a+an+electoral+system+for+Canada.-a030321674
APA style : Alternative vote : an electoral system for Canada .. ( n.d. ) > The Free Library . ( 2014 ) .
Retrieved Sep 30 2020 from Alternative vote : an electoral system for Canada .. ( n.d. ) > The Free Library . ( 2014 ) .
Retrieved Sep 30 2020 from https://www.thefreelibrary.com/Alternative+vote%3a+an+electoral+system+for+Canada.-a030321674
Tom Flanagan is a professor of political science at the University of Calgary .
He was director of research for the Reform Party of Canada in 1991 - 1992 .
I agree with other contributors to this issue of Inroads that changing the federal electoral system in Canada would be a good thing .
My reasons , however , are , in part , not the same as those of some observers , and , as a result , my proposal differs from some of those advanced in this issue .
First , I care not at all for the complaint that women and visible minorities find it hard to get elected under our single member plurality or first - past - the post ( FPTP ) system .
That situation has been changing gradually and will continue to change due to larger social trends .
Trying to sell electoral reform as affirmative action , at a time when affirmative action is on the way out as public policy , will hurt its chances of ever being adopted .
Second , I am not overly concerned with exact proportionality in the conversion of popular votes into seats .
While I am not against proportionality , I regard it as an instrumental good , not as an end in itself .
Pursuit of proportionality for its own sake is doctrinaire .
The real test of an electoral system is its impact upon the larger political system in specific circumstances of time and place .
At this level , FPTP serves Canada poorly .
Ever since Alan Cairns ' classic article in the Canadian Journal of Political Science in 1968 , it has been understood that FPTP contributes to the regionalization of the political / party system , which has now reached an extreme in Canada .
Only the Liberal Party still has any claim to be a national party , and its claim is rather weak .
In the 1997 election , the Liberals were badly beaten everywhere except in Ontario and its satellite communities in anglophone Quebec .
As Stephen Harper and I argue in a recent article , ( 1 ) fragmentation of the Canadian party system was inevitable .
It has been growing throughout the twentieth century because it reflects deep divisions of political culture among the country 's regions .
The realities of Canadian society tend to generate a multi-party system , so we need an electoral system that fosters co-operation and coalition - building among parties .
FPTP , in contrast , encourages parties to play a war of attrition against each other , hoping to open up a small lead in popular support that can wipe out a competitor 's seats .
FPTP could even be dangerous for Canada 's continued existence because it induces parties to play to their regional base , thus exacerbating our ever present regional and ethnolinguistic tensions .
FPTP is so counterproductive for Canada that almost any alternative would be better , including AV , the alternative vote ( Australia ) ; the run -off or second - ballot ( France ) ; STV , the single transferable ballot ( Ireland ) ; or MMP , the compensation - seat approach ( Germany , New Zealand ) .
Any of these could be successfully adapted to Canada so as to encourage party co-operation and reduce dangerous regional antagonisms .
Nevertheless , some are better suited to Canada today than others .
The compensation - seat approach has the most supporters among those who have written on Canadian electoral reform , and is defended here by Henry Milner .
In the German model , half the members of the legislature are elected from territorial constituencies under FPTP and the other half are elected by a list form of proportional representation ( PR ) , with numbers juggled to achieve overall proportionality .
The ratio of FPTP to PR members does not have to be 50 - 50 , however ; Kent Weaver , elsewhere in this issue , proposes a ratio more like 90 - 10 .
This would not achieve overall proportionality in converting votes to seats , but it would allow major parties to win at least a few seats in all regions of the country , thus inducing parties to become less regional in their approach to campaigning and governing .
STV also has its supporters .
( 2 ) The main advantage of STV , as compared to MMP , is that it does not put so much power into the hands of party leaders .
Under MMP , the party machine would nominate the candidates on the party list , and , even more importantly , would determine their position on the list .
Being high on anyone 's list would almost guarantee an electoral victory , unless you were running for a very small party ; being low on anyone 's list would mean you were grist for the political mill , perhaps hoping to get a higher ranking in a future election .
Many voters might see MMP as involving an unacceptable increase in party regimentation , which is already unpopular in Canada .
In contrast , STV allows the voters themselves to sort out the ranking of candidates sponsored by their preferred party .
MMP has other problems , too .
To accommodate both territorial and PR members , the legislature is usually quite large .
The German Bundestag has over 600 members .
Would we agree to double our House of Commons to make room for the list members ?
Creating so many new MPs would be controversial , to say the least .
On the other hand , there would be a huge uproar here if we cut the number of territorial MPs in half in order to keep the House at 300 members .
The problem is reduced if , as Weaver proposes , the number of PR members is kept small ; but so are the benefits of proportionality .
A political problem with any compensation system is that it would create a new pool of seats for which the Bloc Quebecois could not compete .
Since the Bloc runs only in Quebec , it would not be eligible for compensation seats from other provinces ; and since it already gets more than a proportional share of seats within Quebec , it would not get any of the compensation seats in that province .
In the overheated climate of our endless national unity debate , separatists would surely attack this type of electoral reform as a manoeuvre to weaken Quebec 's influence in the House of Commons .
STV is also open to objections .
A perennial problem is the complexity of the voting process , in which the voter has to choose and rank candidates for perhaps five to ten seats in a multi-member constituency .
Depending on the number of parties in the race , this could mean looking at as many as 50 names .
Canadian geography is also a problem .
Outside our major metropolitan areas , Canada is a very large , thinly settled country .
The multi-member rural ridings demanded by STV would range from large to huge , which would make adoption politically difficult .
Finally , given Canada 's underlying propensity towards a multi-party system , both STV and MMP would make majority government difficult to achieve .
Since the end of World War II , there have been only two elections , 1958 and 1984 , in which the winning party received 50 percent or more of the popular vote .
It may be a vice rather than a virtue , but FPTP does tend to turn electoral pluralities into representational majorities , and Canadians are used to majority government .
Any system that makes majority government unattainable is going to face practical difficulties getting adopted .
Even if advocates of electoral reform can persuade the voters to renounce majority government , can they persuade the Liberal Party , which has benefited more than any other party from this aspect of FPTP ?
And , can electoral reform ever be accomplished without support from the Liberals ?
Because both MMP and STV face practical difficulties in getting adopted , it is worth considering other alternatives for electoral reform .
The French - style run -off is worth a look , but it would be easily attacked on grounds of the expense of conducting the second ballot .
Let me , therefore , focus on the Australian - style alternative vote ( AV ) , which has three big advantages .
First , it would involve a relatively simple transition .
The House of Commons would not have to be enlarged , and all constituencies would remain single - member and territorial .
There would be no problem of huge rural ridings , party domination of list rankings , or an impossibly complicated ballot .
The only difference from FPTP is that voters would be allowed to rank candidates for one seat in order of preference rather than merely to choose their single most preferred candidate .
In the past , the expense and time involved in counting and recounting the ballots was a valid objection , but this need no longer be a practical problem in the computer age .
Second , AV has Canadian roots .
It was used in Alberta provincial elections from 1926 through 1955 , in Manitoba from 1927 through 1957 , and in British Columbia in 1952 and 1953 .
( 3 ) Three provincial parties have recently used AV as part of a direct selection process for party leader ; ( 4 ) and the Reform Party of Canada , the Alberta Progressive Conservatives , and perhaps other parties are now using AV , instead of the more time - consuming run-off , to nominate local candidates .
Third , as was done in Alberta and Manitoba , AV can easily be combined with STV .
Rural ridings can use AV while densely populated , metropolitan ridings can use STV .
Voting becomes more complicated in the cities , but the fundamental idea of the preferential ballot remains the same .
This sort of compromise would allow a proportional element to be incorporated into the overall system without enlarging the House of Commons .
There are , of course , some disadvantages to this proposal .
First , AV does not produce proportionality .
It does not purport to be a form of PR ; and the record in Australia , Alberta , Manitoba and B.C. clearly shows that proportionality does not result in practice .
Most single - member contests are won by the first - ballot leader ; ( 5 ) and even when the transfers are significant enough to determine who will form the government , as in B.C. in 1952 , they do not produce overall proportionality between popular votes and seats .
However , to the extent that STV is adopted for urban seats , a degree of proportionality can be built into the system without producing unwiedly multi-member rural ridings .
There is thus the possibility of a real - world compromise between those who place high value on proportionality and those who appreciate AV for other reasons .
A weakness of preferential systems like AV and STV is that they can sometimes eliminate a " Condorcet winner , " a candidate who would beat every other candidate in a series of head - to - head , two - person contests , but this does n't seem to happen very often in practice .
After making a detailed study of the use of the run-off method ( which in this respect is similar to AV ) in choosing Canadian political party leaders , I could not find any cases in which this happened .
In any event , even if AV does occasionally eliminate a Condorcet winner at the constituency level , it is a defect that pales against those of alternative electoral systems .
( 6 ) FPTP distorts electoral results , including eliminating Condorcet winners , more readily than AV .
And PR systems can produce political configurations in which small parties , because they become necessary for Cabinet formation , enjoy far more influence than their popular support warrants ( e.g. the role of the Free Democrats in Germany ) .
What positive effects might AV ( with or without STV ) have upon Canadian politics ?
It can facilitate coalition building between political parties without forcing them to merge .
AV has played this role in Australia for three quarters of a century , allowing the National ( previously Country ) and Liberal parties to maintain a coalition that can compete with Labour in winning elections and governing .
In British Columbia , AV was introduced with the express purpose of allowing Liberals and Conservatives to vote for each other as second choices and thereby keep the CCF out of power .
In the event , W.A.C. Bennett 's new Social Credit movement displaced both the Liberals and the Conservatives -- an ironic outcome , but still a victory of sorts for AV because a viable political force on the right emerged to confront a viable party on the left .
In Ireland , STV has facilitated co-operation between Fine Gael and Labour in presenting a governmental alternative to Fianna Fail .
Admittedly , such coalition building is not automatic , as shown by the case of Alberta .
In that province , Social Credit easily won all elections from 1935 through 1955 , despite the use of AV in the country - side and STV in the cities .
The only time the other parties came close to creating a viable coalition was with the Independents of 1940 , and that movement made use of joint nominations rather than co-ordinated preferential voting on election day .
( 7 ) AV is not magic .
Nonetheless , the historical record suggests that both it and STV can facilitate coalition building if parties are seriously interested in it .
This is of particular importance today , given Canada 's de facto one - party - plus system in which the Liberals are the closest approximation to a national party and the other parties all have much narrower bases -- sufficient to survive , but not to form a government .
At the moment , the obvious candidates for co-operation would be the Progressive Conservatives and the Reform Party , particularly in Ontario .
If voters on the right could rank these two parties first and second on an alternative ballot , they might be able to win some seats in that province .
The number might not be large at first because polling data suggest that many of those who now vote for either party actually have the Liberals as their second choice .
( In a 1997 Calgary poll , only 48 percent of Reform voters and 30 percent of PC voters named the other party as their second choice . )
However , if an attempt at electoral co-operation could be made , it would affect the positioning of both parties and , over time , perhaps make each more palatable to the partisans of the other .
Of course , it would be a mistake to choose an electoral system because it might work to the advantage of certain parties at a particular moment in time .
The British Columbia Liberals who brought in AV for the 1952 election learned that lesson !
In practice , Reform and the PCs , particularly under Preston Manning and Jean Charest , might never be able to bring themselves to a level of co-operation where they could take advantage of AV .
But even if they did not , other parties , perhaps parties not yet born , might prove more co-operative , and hence more successful .
In the Canadian context , AV is a modest proposal .
Its effect on politics would be subtle and perhaps not felt for some time .
Many proponents of electoral reform will want a more dramatic change .
But if the practical problems associated with PR make MMP and STV politically unsaleable , those who want to achieve something rather than nothing should take another look at the alternative ballot .
( 1 ) .
Tom Flanagan and Stephen Harper , " Conservative Politics in Canada : Past , Present , and Future , " in William D. Gairdner , ed. , After Liberalism , Toronto : Stoddart , 1998 .
( 2 ) .
For example , see Nick Loenen , Citizenship and Democracy : A Case for Proportional Representation , Toronto : Dundurn , 1997 .
( 3 ) .
See David Elkins , " Politics Makes Strange Bedfellows : The B.C. Party System in the 1952 and 1953 Provincial Elections , " BC Studies 30 ( 1976 ) pp. 3 - 26 ; and Harold Jansen , " The Single Transferable Vote in Alberta and Manitoba , " University of Alberta : Ph.D. Dissertation in Political Science .
( 4 ) .
William Cross , " Direct Election of Provincial Party Leaders in Canada , 1985 - 1995 : The End of the Leadership Convention ? " in Canadian Journal of Political Science 29 , 1997 , p. 302 .
( 5 ) .
See R.M. Punnett , " The Alternative Vote with the Optional Use of Preferences : Some Irish Lessons for Britain and Australia , " Journal of Commonwealth and Comparative Politics 25 , pp. 26 - 43 ; and J.F.H. Wright , " An Electoral Basis for Responsible Government : the Australian Experience , " in Choosing an Electoral System : Issues and Alternatives , Arend Lijphart and Bernard Grofman , eds. , New York : Praeger , 1984 , pp. 127-134 .
( 6 ) .
Tom Flanagan , Game Theory and Canadian Politics , Toronto : University of Toronto Press , forthcoming .
( 7 ) .
Alvin Finkel , The Social Credit Phenomenon in Alberta , Toronto : University of Toronto Press , 1989 .
Wall Street is using the May durable goods report as an excuse to rally .
A tiny month - over - month increase of 1.8 % from April pushed the S&P up as much as 1.6 % before drifting lower today .
U.S. agencies like Labor and Commerce arguably have an interest in presenting the best scenario possible .
So it ’s understandable that they focus on month - over - month data in their press releases .
The media follows suit ( or is lazy ) , and highlights only the data they ’re hand - fed .
Try to find a mainstream - media piece that mentions the YoY change in durable goods .
Every single one I saw only mentioned the slight uptick in month - over - month numbers .
So what about year - over - year data ?
It is available , you just have to dig deep into Commerce ’s site to find it .
Once you see the year - over - year data , it ’s obvious why they are n’t highlighting it :
May 2008 Shipments – 215,193
May 2009 Shipments – 169,855
Year over year decrease : 19 %
May 2008 Orders – 213,150
May 2009 Orders - 160,867
Year over year drop : 26.8 %
Source – Commerce Dept Report ( PDF )
Does n’t exactly scream “ recovery ” to me .
A temporary slowing in the crash , caused by drastic cash injections , seems the more likely culprit than anything sustainable .
The May report of the Equipment Leasing and Finance Corporation is another fly in the green shoot crowd ’s ointment :
The Equipment Leasing and Finance Association ’s monthly leasing and finance index fell by 41 % compared to May 2008 .
The group blames tough credit conditions and a tightening of underwriting standards .
[ from the wsj ]
Disclosure :
No position in any stock or company mentioned
Bayern Munich coach Jurgen Klinsman has been fired after the latest in a string of poor results .
The club have replaced Klinsi with veteran Jupp Heynckes , who will take charge for the final five games of the season .
Bayern officials met with Klinsmann in Munich shortly before 10 am this morning to tell him his services were no longer required - even though his contract runs until 2010 .
The 1 - 0 home defeat to Schalke on Saturday proved to be the last straw in what has been a disappointing season for the Bavarian giants .
Heynckes now has the difficult task of salvaging something for Bayern .
He was at the Allianz Arena on Saturday for the game against Schalke and saw for himself the problems facing the club .
The new coach - who led the Bavarians to two championships from 1987 to 1991 - is a close friend of general manager Uli Hoeness ( 57 ) and also knows reserve coach Hermann Gerland ( 54 ) , so he is familiar with how the side works .
It is understood the arrangement will end on the final day of this season - even if Bayern add to their record number of titles , Heynckes will not take over on a long term basis
According to reports , Hoeness , chairman Karl - Heinz Rummenigge and chief executive Karl Hopfner knew that Heynckes was the right man for the job .
They waited until today to make the break with Jürgen Klinsman so that they could tell him confidentially and on good terms .
Klinnsman only lasted 11 months and saw his team dumped out of the German Cup with a 4 - 2 loss to Bayer Leverkusen and suffered a humiliating 4 - 0 mauling at the hands of Barcelona in the Champions League quarter final first leg .
Bayern bosses eventually stepped in after the team slipped to third in the Bundesliga .
They were worried that the team would not even qualify for the Champions League next season – Klinsman had to go .
Heynckes will be appointed officially today .
More news
In an exclusive interview , former Germany boss Jurgen Klinsmann told BILD that he will never coach in the Bundesliga again .
Bayern Munich have held secret meetings Louis van Gaal and Diego 's dad about the pair joining the club .
Klinsi is in the running to take over at Hoffenheim , while Bayern Munich want to replace him with Louis van Gaal .
Bayern striker Luca Toni says fellow Italian Roberto Mancini would be a good replacement for Jurgen Klinsmann
Think Big - You are What You Think !
This statement can be found found frequently in all sorts of contexts .
Nothing will come into existence in a person ’s life which was not first a thought .
Let me explain – you want to have a nice holiday – well you are going to have one when you first “ think you want it ” and next “ think when , where , etc. ” .
The last ingredients is taking action and actually book it .
Why “ think big ” – well when you think of a holiday you can either think about lazing at home – nothing wrong with that of course , but not very eventful , But you can also think about making a cruise or a South sea holiday or whatever and get that organised ..
As soon as you have understood this principle it will be obvious to you that personal development is an issue which will decide as to where you will be going in life .
In a normal job the inherent limitations will not make it so obvious .
You can go there and work your time , finishing the work you were told to do , however it will not contribute to a career with a perspective of climbing the ladder to become a manager .
To become a manager personal development is a must .!
So when you dream and start to tune yourself to think big you start on the road of development which will bring you forward , provided you walk this road with an open mind , the awareness that you need expert counseling on many topics and the persistence it takes to implement new thoughts and ideas into your life .
It also takes bringing your thoughts and dreams into your heart , to mix them with the burning desire to achieve .
this burning desire will be the drive to let you surpass obstacles and failures you may meet up with on the way .
Such a process is the core requirement for building a network marketing business , as network marketing is a business where people are joining people and a positive and competent person is likely to attract likewise .
People at times do n’t seem to understand this information , do n’t seem to grasp how critically important it is to approach building a business from this point of view instead of simply pitching everyone with their opportunity – some people , however understand !
It is not a miracle , it is a simple law of nature – you are what you think and you attract whoever you are .
There is coaching available if you chose so - it is at no cost , but not free , as it will require your time , dedication and effort as well as your persistence so that you can grow to whoever you want to be .
Your friend and servant
Frieke Karlovits
Triangle Laptops ( www.trianglelaptops.com) continues its devotion to customer awareness and satisfaction through its official blog .
We 're an online retailer based in Durham , NC that specializes in replacement laptop parts , accessories , and repair services .
We take pride in employing a competent work staff and friendly customer service .
As part of that service , we encourage our customers to share their feedback in the blog comments and participate in polls to insure their voices are heard .
The Austrian representation of tourism has announced that according to ratings of the consulting firm Mercer Vienna took first place as the city with the highest standards of living throughout the world .
215 largest cities in the world were compared in the study of Mercer .
The research states that Vienna offers an excellent quality of life for its residents and guests because of its prosperous economy , stable political system , attractive landscapes and cultural diversity .
Vienna receives higher assessment also for safety , convenient public transportation , clean environment , and numerous parks and gardens .
The website of Mercer states Vienna received a rating of 108.6 points in 2008 , while Baghdad received just 14.4 points .
New York City is at the basis of the rating with 100 points .
This city was viewed as a priority .
Thus , Zurich , Geneva ( Switzerland ) , Vancouver ( Canada ) , Okled ( New Zealand ) are included in the top 5 cities in the world with the highest standards of living .
In 2008 , the quality of life in many regions , was liable to change due to political unrest , economic crisis , climate turmoil .
The particular importance in the rating is given to infrastructure of the city , which greatly determines the quality of life in the city .
Thus , Singapore ( Singapore ) , Munich ( Germany ) , Copenhagen ( Denmark ) , Tsukuba , Yokohama ( Japan ) are included in the list of top 5 cities with the best infrastructure .
An 18 - meter - tall Gundam statue stands in Shiokaze Park in Tokyo's Odaiba to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the first broadcast of the " Mobile Suit Gundam " animated television series .
The statue will be on display through Aug 31 .
© Japan Today
Quick description , because you really need to get to work ASAP :
You are a penguin researcher .
You must learn to fly .
The first few days , just try to stay as flat as possible - then the strategery kicks in .
This is normally the part where I make fun of Scott , but I do n't have time .
Must .
Play .
More .
Learn to Fly .
Have fun !
Teenage pregnancies and syphilis have risen sharply among a generation of American school girls who were urged to avoid sex before marriage under George Bush 's evangelically - driven education policy , according to a new report by the US 's major public health body .
In a report that will surprise few of Bush 's critics on the issue , the Centres for Disease Control says years of falling rates of teenage pregnancies and sexually transmitted disease infections under previous administrations were reversed or stalled in the Bush years .
According to the CDC , birth rates among teenagers aged 15 or older had been in decline since 1991 but are up sharply in more than half of American states since 2005 .
The study also revealed that the number of teenage females with syphilis has risen by nearly half after a significant decrease while a two - decade fall in the gonorrhea infection rate is being reversed .
The number of Aids cases in adolescent boys has nearly doubled .
The CDC says that southern states , where there is often the greatest emphasis on abstinence and religion , tend to have the highest rates of teenage pregnancy and STDs .
In addition , about 16,000 pregnancies were reported among 10 - to 14 - year - old girls in 2004 and a similar number of young people in the age group reported having a sexually transmitted disease .
" It is disheartening that after years of improvement with respect to teen pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases , we now see signs that progress is stalling and many of these trends are going in the wrong direction , " said Janet Collins , a CDC director .
Although the CDC does not attribute a cause , groups that support comprehensive sex education have seized on the report as evidence of the failure of religiously - driven policies that shy away from teaching about contraception in favour of emphasising avoiding sexual contact .
Planned Parenthood said the CDC report is " alarming " and confirms that teenagers need " medically accurate , age - appropriate , comprehensive sex education " .
But supporters of abstinence - based education said that the new report shows that there is too little not too much emphasis on discouraging sex before marriage .
Kristi Hamrick , a spokeswoman for American Values , which describes itself as a supporter of traditional marriage and " against liberal education and cultural forces " , said the abstinence message is overwhelmed by a culture obsessed with sex .
" It is ridiculous to say that a programme we nominally invest in has failed when it fails to overcome the most sexualised culture in world history .
Education that emphasises abstinence as the best option for teens makes up a minuscule part of overall sex education in the United States , " she said .
" In every other area of public policy - food , drugs , alcohol - we tell children what is the best choice .
It seems very bizarre that the sex education establishment rejects the idea that we should talk to kids about what is best for them .
We do n't take vodka to drivers education because children will drink and drive . "
MADISON —
It 's hard to miss the huge eye of a squid .
But now it appears that certain squids can detect light through an organ other than their eyes as well .
That 's what researchers at the University of Wisconsin - Madison report in the current issue ( June 2 ) of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The study shows that the light - emitting organ some squids use to camouflage themselves to avoid being seen by predators — usually fish sitting on the ocean floor — also detects light .
The findings may lead to future studies that provide insight into the mechanisms of controlling and perceiving light .
" Evolution has a ' toolkit ' and when it needs to do a particular job , such as see light , it uses the same toolkit again and again , " explains lead author Margaret McFall - Ngai , a professor of medical microbiology and immunology at the UW - Madison School of Medicine and Public Health ( SMPH ) .
" In this case , the light organ , which comes from different tissues than the eye during development , uses the same proteins as the eye to see light . "
In studying the squid for the past 20 years , McFall - Ngai and her colleagues have been drawn to the fact that the squid - light organ is a natural model of symbiosis — an interdependent relationship between two different species in which each benefits from the other .
In this case , the light organ is filled with luminous bacteria that emit light and provide the squid protection against predators .
In turn , the squid provides housing and nourishment for the bacteria .
The UW - Madison researchers have been intrigued by the light organ's " counterillumination " ability — this capacity to give off light to make squids as bright as the ocean surface above them , so that predators below can't see them .
" Until now , scientists thought that illuminating tissues in the light organ functioned exclusively for the control of the intensity and direction of light output from the organ , with no role in light perception , " says McFall - Ngai .
" Now we show that the E. scolopes squid has additional light - detecting tissue that is an integral component of the light organ . "
The researchers demonstrated that the squid light organ has the molecular machinery to respond to light cues .
Molecular analysis showed that genes that produce key visual proteins are expressed in light - organ tissues , including genes similar to those that occur in the retina .
They also showed that , as in the retina , these visual proteins respond to light , producing a physiological response .
" We found that the light organ in the squid is capable of sensing light as well as emitting and controlling the intensity of luminescence , " says co-author Nansi Jo Colley , SMPH professor of ophthalmology and visual sciences and of genetics .
Adds McFall - Ngai , " The tissues may perceive environmental light , providing the animal with a mechanism to compare this light with its own light emission . "
McFall - Ngai's large research program into the relatively simple squid - light organ symbiosis aims to shed light on symbiosis affecting humans .
" We know that humans house trillions of bacteria associated with components of eight of their 10 organ systems , " she says .
" These communities of bacteria are stable partners that make us healthy . "
Source : University of Wisconsin- Madison
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A suicide bomb attack on a luxury hotel in the north - west Pakistani city of Peshawar , has killed 15 people and injured at least 60 .
Gunmen stormed the outer security barrier at the Pearl Continental Hotel before blowing up a vehicle containing , police say , 500 kg of explosives .
Two foreign citizens - both UN workers - were killed and several were injured .
A series of bombs have hit cities , including Peshawar , since a government crackdown on Taliban militants .
ANALYSIS Jill McGivering , BBC News
The PC is a well - known landmark in Peshawar .
Often used by foreigners but also by Pakistani officials and businessmen , it is known for good Western as well as local food and 5 - star service .
All factors which may have contributed to its becoming a target .
When I visited recently , there was a whole series of security checks .
First of vehicles , as they drove in , past heavy concrete barriers .
Then of people , screened by metal detectors and bag searches .
But suicide bombers and gunmen are hard to stop .
There are clear echoes of the devastating assault on the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad last September .
Security in Peshawar has worsened dramatically in the last year .
Many of those who can afford to move have taken their families to Islamabad or beyond - abandoning a city now becoming consumed by fear and violence .
Peshawar , the main city in the country 's north - west , is not far from the Swat valley , where the government offensive has been concentrated .
Pakistani Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani swiftly condemned the attack but the blast hardly comes as a surprise , says the BBC's Chris Morris , in Islamabad .
While there was no immediate claim of responsibility for Tuesday night 's attack on what is the most prominent hotel in Peshawar , our correspondent says most people will assume it to be the work of the Taliban .
A symbol of Peshawar 's contact with the rest of the world , a place where government officials and foreign dignitaries are accustomed to staying , has been attacked , he adds .
The attack killed a Serbian UN refugee agency worker and a Unicef worker from the Philippines .
The injured include a British man and a German national , Peshawar district coordination officer Sahibzada Anis said .
At least a dozen UN employees were staying at the hotel at the time of the explosion .
UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon spoke of " a heinous terrorist attack which no cause can justify " .
' Shouting and running ' Eyewitnesses told the BBC News website the blast could be seen up to 5 km ( 3 miles ) away .
The blast left a large crater and parts of the hotel were destroyed .
I saw the red light from there blowing and then I heard a huge sound
Musa Khan
BBC News website reader in Peshawar
Peshawar blast : Your stories
In pictures : Peshawar blast
Three men riding in a truck approached the main gate of the hotel and opened fire at security guards before driving inside , police official Liaqat Ali told AP , quoting witness accounts .
" They drove the vehicle inside the hotel gates and blew it up on reaching close to the hotel building , " he added .
Ali Khan , a hotel waiter , said he had been working when the attack happened .
" I was in the Chinese restaurant when we heard firing and then a blast , " he told Reuters news agency .
" It was totally dark and people started shouting and running . "
An injured man , Jawad Chaudhry , said he had been in his room on the ground floor when he heard gunshots , then a big bang .
" The floor under my feet shook , " he said .
" I thought the roof was falling on me .
I ran out .
I saw everybody running in panic .
There was blood and pieces of glass everywhere . "
Musa Khan , a BBC
News website reader in Peshawar , said he was far away when the blast happened but could tell it was " huge " .
" I was in the university lawn with my friends , " he said .
" I saw the red light from there blowing and then I heard a huge sound . "
Another Peshawar reader , Imran , said window panes 5 km away had been shattered while a third , Samee Uddin , reported gunshots and then a " huge cloud of smoke [ which ] could be seen from more than 3 km away " .
Revenge vow The Pearl Continental , usually just called the PC , is a well - known landmark in Peshawar , often used by foreigners , Pakistani officials and businessmen .
Correspondents say it runs a series of security checks , first of vehicles as they drive in past heavy concrete barriers , then of people who are screened by metal detectors and bag searches .
Government forces launched an offensive earlier this year to crush a Taliban - led uprising in the Swat valley aimed at enforcing Sharia law .
Taliban leaders have promised to launch revenge attacks on major Pakistani cities and claimed a bombing in Lahore last month which left at least 28 people dead .
A devastating suicide bomb attack on the Islamabad Marriott hotel last September killed at least 53 people and injured more than 266 .
Fidayeen - e- Islam , a little - known Pakistani militant group , told the BBC it had carried out the attack with the aim of stopping US interference in Pakistan .
Are you in the area ?
Have you been affected by this incident , or have you seen or heard anything ?
Send your comments or pictures using the form below .
Name :
Email address :
Town and Country :
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments :
The BBC may edit your comments and cannot guarantee that all emails will be published .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
GLUEscript is written in portable C++ code .
GLUEscript uses PoCo , a library for writing portable C++ code .
And wxWidgets is used as GUI toolset .
The GUI glue is optional .
GLUEscript uses Premake for generating makefiles for gcc , project files for Visual C++ , CodeLite , Code : : Blocks , ... Premake can be used on Windows , Linux and MacOS .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Federal agents found much of the information produced by the Bush administration 's top - secret warrantless surveillance program vague and difficult to use , a sweeping review of the program found .
Former President Bush claims his administration 's surveillance program helped to ward off terrorist attacks .
Then - President George Bush and other top administration officials have said the program was a critical tool in preventing terrorist attacks .
However , a report Friday by the inspectors general of the CIA , the Justice Department , the Pentagon and other agencies found that some FBI and CIA agents were frustrated by the secrecy surrounding the program .
Former CIA chiefs Michael Hayden and Porter Goss told investigators the wiretaps filled a gap in U.S. intelligence .
One senior official quoted in the report called the wiretaps , dubbed the " President 's Surveillance Program " by the report , " a key resource , " while the FBI considered it " one tool of many " in their efforts to head off terrorist plots , the report states .
" Even though most PSP leads were determined not to have any connection to terrorism , many of the FBI witnesses believed the mere possibility of the leads producing useful information made investigating the leads worthwhile , " the report states .
The program was hugely controversial when Bush acknowledged its existence in 2005 .
Critics said the program violated the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , a 1978 law passed to rein in the wiretapping abuses of the Watergate era .
Bush 's approval allowed the National Security Agency to intercept communications between people in the United States and overseas who were suspected of having ties to terrorists without getting a court order .
He and other officials said the program " prevented attacks and saved lives , " as Vice President Dick Cheney put it in a May speech critical of their successors in the Obama administration .
But Friday 's report found that the intelligence gathered was only a small part of counterterrorism work , and most intelligence officials interviewed for the report had trouble " citing specific instances where PSP reporting had directly contributed to counterterrorism successes . "
In addition , the CIA " did not implement procedures to assess the usefulness of the product of the PSP , and did not routinely document whether particular PSP reporting had contributed to successful counterterrorism operations , " the report states .
At another point , it noted that some FBI agents " criticized the PSP - derived information they received for providing insufficient details , and the agents who managed counterterrorism programs at the FBI field offices the DOJ IG visited said the FBI 's process for disseminating PSP - derived information failed to adequately prioritize the information for investigation .
Meanwhile , CIA officers were unable to make " full use " of the data because too few people had been briefed on the closely held program .
" According to one CIA manager , the tight control over access to the PSP prevented some officers who could have made effective use of the program reporting from being read in , " the report states .
The report also confirmed that the PSP was not limited to the electronic intercepts , referring repeatedly to " other intelligence activities " that remain classified .
The report concluded the program was built on a " factually flawed " legal analysis inappropriately provided by a single Justice Department official , John Yoo , in 2001 .
Yoo did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment , and he was not interviewed for the report .
A 2004 review by the Justice Department triggered a dramatic confrontation in 2004 between White House and Justice officials who concluded the program would not pass legal muster .
Former Deputy Attorney General James Comey , who took part in that face - off , told investigators that the program 's original authorization " involved ignoring an act of Congress , and doing so without full congressional notification . "
That line drew the ire of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , who issued a statement Friday declaring that " no president should be able to operate outside the law . "
" The House Judiciary and Intelligence Committees will closely examine the findings and recommendations of the classified and unclassified reports , and will conduct appropriate oversight of electronic surveillance activities , " the California Democrat said .
Sen . Russ Feingold , a Wisconsin Democrat who sits on the Senate Intelligence Committee , said the report " highlights just how outrageous and damaging the illegal warrantless wiretapping program really was . "
" This report leaves no doubt that the warrantless wiretapping program was blatantly illegal and an unconstitutional assertion of executive power , " Feingold said .
" I once again call on the Obama administration and its Justice Department to withdraw the flawed legal memoranda that justified the program and that remain in effect today . "
All About George W. Bush • Central Intelligence Agency
Green tea has already been linked to health benefits A chemical found in green tea appears to slow the progression of prostate cancer , a study has suggested .
Green tea has been linked to a positive effect on a wide range of conditions , including heart disease , cancer and Alzheimer 's disease .
The research , in the US journal Cancer Prevention Research , found a significant fall in certain markers which indicate cancer development .
A UK charity said the tea might help men manage low - risk tumours .
This could mean completely avoiding , in some cases , any of the more usual medical interventions and their associated side effects
John Neate , The Prostate Cancer Charity
Although previous studies have shown benefits from drinking green tea - including some positive findings in relation to prostate cancer , there have been mixed results .
In this study , Philadelphia - based researchers tested a compound called Polyphenon E .
They were looking for a number of biomarkers - molecules - including vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) and hepatocyte growth factor ( HGF ) which are indicators of developing cancer .
They also looked for prostate specific antigen ( PSA ) - a protein only found in the prostate .
Levels can rise if cancer is present .
' 12 cups '
The study included 26 men , aged 41 to 72 years , who had been diagnosed with prostate cancer and who were scheduled for radical prostate surgery .
Patients took four capsules containing Polyphenon E for an average of 34 days , up until the day before surgery - the equivalent of around 12 cups of normally brewed concentrated green tea .
The study found a significant reduction in levels of HGF , VEGF and PSA , with some patients demonstrating reductions of more than 30 % .
Dr James Cardelli , from the Feist - Weiller Cancer Center , who led the study , said the compound , which was provided by the company Polyphenon Pharma , " may have the potential to lower the incidence and slow the progression of prostate cancer . "
There were only a few reported side effects associated with this study , and liver function remained normal .
Dr Cardelli said : " We think that the use of tea polyphenols alone or in combination with other compounds currently used for cancer therapy should be explored as an approach to prevent cancer progression and recurrence . "
" There is reasonably good evidence that many cancers are preventable , and our studies using plant - derived substances support the idea that plant compounds found in a healthy diet can play a role in preventing cancer development and progression . "
' Keep progression at bay ' John Neate , chief executive of the Prostate Cancer Charity , said : " There have been several studies into green tea and its potential benefits , but there is , as yet , no conclusive evidence .
" The results of this study do suggest that there is merit in further research into the effects of extracts of green tea , both in relation to its impact on the prevention of prostate cancer and in controlling progression in men already diagnosed with the disease , as was investigated in this instance . "
" These initial positive findings could indicate that green tea could have a place in ' active surveillance ' , where a slow - growing , low risk tumour is monitored for changes and men want to take something which could help keep progression at bay .
" Potentially , this could mean completely avoiding , in some cases , any of the more usual medical interventions and their associated side effects . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Daniel is a decent young man , married to Jane , still living at his father 's home .
When his father dies , it is up to him to organize his funeral .
On this painful morning , the suitable grave expression on his face , Daniel is ready to welcome his father 's friends and relatives .
But preserving the dignity inherent in such circumstances will be a hard task .
Particularly with an undertaker who botches his work , the return from the USA of his famous but selfish brother , his cousin 's fiancé who has accidentally ingested drugs , the presence a moron who takes advantage of the sad event to win back the heart ( or rather the body ) of a woman who is about to marry another , of a handicapped old uncle who is also the most unbearable pain in the neck .
To cap it all , Daniel notices the presence among the mourners of a mysterious dwarf nobody else seems to know ...
Written by Guy Bellinger
What are the police for ?
Ostensibly , of course , to protect the public interest .
But what is the public interest ?
It appears to be interpreted by most forces as preserving the status quo .
Anyone who seeks political change is treated as if they were an enemy of the public interest , even when they are seeking to make the world a better place .
It 's a fascinating irony that the latest evidence of police abuse in the cause of preserving the status quo comes from their own surveillance footage .
The two women hurt , arrested , tied up and remanded in prison for four days by the police at the Kingsnorth climate camp campaign against the obsessive filming of protesters by the police Forward Intelligence Team ( Fit ) .
Such obsessive filming produced the incriminating footage now being used by the protesters to pursue their complaint to the Independent Police Complaints Commission .
The Fit 's methods appear to have been lifted from a Stasi training manual : everyone who dares to become politically active must be filmed , identified , monitored , logged , and cross-checked .
By protesting you become an object of suspicion , as if protest were a crime .
This is not policing of the kind you would expect in a free society .
The arrest of Val Swain and Emily Apple is the latest exposure of the disgracefully heavy - handed and repressive treatment of peaceful , harmless people who dared to question the way the police conduct themselves .
It appears from the footage to have little to do enforcing the law , let alone protecting the public interest , and looks more like an attempt by the police to protect themselves from lawful public scrutiny .
This sort of thing has always happened at demonstrations .
But now , thanks to the police , we have the evidence we need .
monbiot.com
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
Want tax - free investment growth ?
Want more control over your retirement savings ?
Want to leave a bigger inheritance ?
If so , you should consider contributing to or converting existing retirement savings to a Roth IRA .
For Not -Yet - Retirees
The biggest difference between a Roth IRA and a traditional IRA is the tax treatment of contributions and withdrawals .
With the Roth , contributions are n't tax - deductible , but withdrawals are tax - free ( as long as you follow the rules ) .
For the traditional IRA , contributions might be deductible ; investments grow tax - deferred , but withdrawals are taxed as ordinary income — the highest rate possible .
To decide which is best for you , start by determining if you 'll be able to deduct contributions to a traditional IRA .
If you 're not covered by a plan at work , a contribution to a traditional IRA is fully deductible .
If you are covered , then deductibility begins to phase out at an adjusted gross income ( AGI ) of $ 55,000 for single filers ( $ 89,000 for married couples ) and is gone completely at an AGI of $ 65,000 ( $ 109,000 ) .
Contributing to the Roth is then a no- brainer , assuming you 're eligible ( see fact sheet below ) .
If you can deduct your contribution to the traditional IRA , you 'll have to do some calculations to decide whether a traditional IRA or Roth makes the most sense .
The conventional wisdom is that a traditional IRA is better if your tax bracket today is higher than what it will be in retirement .
But if you 're more than 10 years away from retirement , this is a guessing game .
Go with a Roth for all the other benefits .
Another bonus for younger savers : Contributions to a Roth IRA can be withdrawn anytime tax - and penalty - free , even if you have n't reached age 59 - 1/ 2 ( but you will pay a 10 % penalty on earnings you withdraw early ) .
So if you 'll need the money before then , you can get it .
Finally , there are two other important differences between a traditional and Roth IRA :
There no required minimum distributions at age 70 - 1/ 2 from a Roth IRA , and you can contribute beyond that age as long as you have earned income .
For Retirees
Since there are no required minimum distributions from a Roth , you can let your investments grow tax - free for as long as you do n't need the money .
And unlike distributions from a traditional IRA , non-taxable distributions from a Roth IRA are n't included in the calculation that determines whether your Social Security benefits will be taxed , which might mean double the tax savings .
For Heirs
The tax treatment of IRAs is the same for owners and beneficiaries .
Anyone who inherits a traditional IRA will have to pay ordinary income taxes on the distributions .
Not so with the Roth .
The account will still maintain its tax - free status .
And nothing says “ I love you ” like giving someone tax - free retirement savings .
( Keep in mind that all accounts , IRAs or otherwise , are subject to estate tax if the combined value of a decedent 's assets exceeds the exclusion amount , which is $ 3.5 million in 2009 . )
Roth IRA Fast Facts
Who can contribute ?
Anyone with earned income .
Eligibility begins to phase out for single taxpayers with an adjusted gross income above $ 105,000 and married taxpayers above $ 166,000 .
How much can I contribute in 2009 ?
$ 5,000 ( plus another $ 1,000 if you 're age 50 or older ) .
Are contributions tax - deductible ?
No .
How are withdrawals taxed ?
They 're tax - free , as long as you 're age 59 - 1 / 2 or older and the account has been open at least five years .
Must I take money out at age 70 - 1/2 ?
No .
Why is it called a “ Roth ” ?
Named after Delaware Sen. William Roth Jr. ( also known for leading investigations into Pentagon overspending that uncovered the infamous $ 9,600 wrench and $ 640 toilet seat ) .
Why is it so good for colds ?
You 're thinking of “ broth . ”
Should You Convert to a Roth IRA ?
A traditional IRA can be converted into a Roth IRA by anyone whose modified adjusted gross income is below $ 100,000 .
The converted amount will count as taxable ordinary income in the year of the conversion ( unless the IRA contained non-deductible contributions ) .
But for many people , that one - year tax bite is worth the subsequent years of tax - free growth .
Here are the factors to consider :
Generally , convert only if you can pay the taxes from sources other than the converted funds , especially if you 're younger than 59 - 1 / 2 and will have to pay a 10 % penalty on the money you withdrew to pay the taxes .
If you 're near retirement and you expect to be in a much lower tax bracket , the conversion probably wo n't be worthwhile .
This is also true if the conversion will push you into a higher bracket than where you 'll be when you take money out of the Roth .
If you 're in a lower tax bracket now but required minimum distributions at age 70 - 1/ 2 will push you into a higher bracket , converting portions of your traditional IRA to a Roth over a few years ( partial conversions are okay ) might smooth out your taxes .
If you expect to pay estate taxes , a conversion will save your heirs money because the taxes you pay today will reduce your estate , and assets in a Roth for your heirs will be subject to estate taxes , but not income taxes .
Want some help crunching the numbers ?
Fiddle around with the calculators on The Motley Fool retirement page .
For more information on the wonders of the Roth , check out the Get Rich Slowly series on Roth IRAs : What is a Roth IRA and why should you care ? ,
How to start a Roth IRA ( and where to do it ) , Which investments are best for a Roth IRA , and Questions and answers about Roth IRAs .
MINNEAPOLIS / ST . PAUL ( June 24 , 2009 ) — University of Minnesota Medical School researcher Iris Borowsky , M.D. , Ph.D. , and colleagues found that one in seven adolescents believe that it is highly likely that they will die before age 35 , and this belief predicted that the adolescents ' would engage in risky behaviors .
Borowsky and colleagues analyzed data collected by the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health , a nationally representative sample of more than 20,000 youth in grades 7 through 12 during three separate study years .
In the first set of interviews , nearly 15 percent of adolescents predicted they had a 50/50 chance or less of living to age 35 .
Those who engaged in risky behaviors such as illicit drug use , suicide attempts , fighting , or unsafe sexual activity in the first year were more likely in subsequent years to believe they would die at a young age .
Vice versa , those who predicted that they'd die young during the first interview were more likely in later years to begin engaging in these same risky behaviors and have poor health outcomes .
Notably , these teens were significantly more likely to be diagnosed with HIV / AIDS just six years later , regardless of their sexual preference .
" While conventional wisdom says that teens engage in risky behaviors because they feel invulnerable to harm , this study suggests that in some cases , teens take risks because they overestimate their vulnerability , specifically their risk of dying , " Borowsky said .
" These youth may take risks because they feel hopeless and figure that not much is at stake . "
Nearly 25 percent of youth living in households that receive public assistance and more than 29 percent of American - Indian , 26 percent of African - American , 21 percent of Hispanic , and 15 percent of Asian youth reported believing they would die young — compared to just 10 percent of their Caucasian peers .
" Our findings reinforce the importance of instilling a sense of hope and optimism in youth , " Borowsky said .
" Strong connections with parents , families , and schools , as well as positive media messages , are likely important factors in developing an optimistic outlook for young people . "
She also notes that study findings support physician screening of adolescents for this perceived risk of early death .
" This unusually common pessimistic view of the future is a powerful marker for high - risk status and thus deserves attention . "
There was no significant relationship between perceived risk of dying before age 35 and actual death from all causes during the six year study period .
Source : University of Minnesota
Why the hell should I feel sorry , says girl soldier who abused Iraqi prisoners at Abu Ghraib prison
In this deeply disturbing interview , the trailer trash torturer who appalled the world by appearing in shocking ' souvenir ' photographs remains utterly unrepentant and says she has 800 MORE torture photos that could rock the White House
Normally , not much happens in Keyser , West Virginia , but today the folks in this quaint little railroad town , nestling in the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains , are spoilt for choice .
Either they can whoop and holler along to fiddle music at the annual Strawberry Festival or head down to the bookshop , where a local ' celebrity ' - as her agent - cum - lawyer describes her - is signing first editions of her new biography .
Arriving at Main Street Books to find a young woman - considerably heavier now , but still grimly familiar - loitering self - consciously beside a pile of unsold manuscripts , it becomes clear that the fiddle players have won hands - down .
Degrading : One of the images of U.S. soldier Lynndie England at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq .
Six years on a defiant England claims she was just doing her duty
When the shop closes , two hours later , Lynndie England has autographed barely two dozen copies , mostly for acquaintances such as her old schoolteacher .
For even on her home territory , few people are willing to line the pockets of this fallen girl soldier ; who posed for a stomach - churning series of ' souvenir ' photographs that cost countless American lives and brought shame on the nation .
Five years have passed since a U.S. TV station first broadcast those pictures , staged to humiliate and dehumanise Iraqi prisoners - and provide warped amusement for their U.S. Army guards - at Abu Ghraib prison , near Baghdad .
They caused universal outrage , ending any lingering pretence that President George W. Bush was on some moral crusade in Iraq , and sparking a wave of retaliatory beheadings ; many of which were videoed to reciprocate the horror and degradation meted out to the Muslim detainees .
Such was their impact that they are still said to be used as recruitment propaganda for Islamic terror groups .
After all , what better way to incite a young fanatic than by showing him a photo of a female American soldier nonchalantly holding a leash , tightened around the neck of a naked and hooded Iraqi prisoner , as he squirms on the floor of his cell ?
In another photograph , the waif - like Military Police private casually inspects a line of terrified Iraqi prisoners - again stripped and wearing sandbags over their heads - as they are forced to masturbate .
Grinning broadly with a cigarette clamped in her mouth , England , then just 21 and weighing less than seven stone , added to their humiliation by pointing mockingly at their genitals and giving the thumbs - up sign ; a gesture now known as the ' Lynndie salute ' .
One of seven U.S. Army reserves jailed for mistreating prisoners at Abu Ghraib - including her former lover Corporal Charles Graner , a sadistic , camera - obsessed bully who orchestrated the photo sessions - she has served three years in detention and is now on parole .
With a new book to peddle and her appeal against the conviction due to be heard next month , one might have expected the 26 - year - old England to express some remorse .
Following Barack Obama 's release of CIA torture files which lend credence to her claim that the ritual humiliation of prisoners was a White House sanctioned tactic during the Bush regime , she even consulted her local senator about petitioning for a Presidential pardon
But ' sorry ' , it becomes clear , is not in Lynndie England 's vocabulary .
When we speak , three things strike me : her breathtaking lack of contrition ; her unsuitability to have been a serving soldier and her utter indifference towards the horrifically abused prisoners at Abu Ghraib , 90 per cent of whom were later released without charge .
Since no established biographer would touch her life story ( it was even dropped by the literary agent who handled O.J. Simpson 's widely reviled book , If I Did It ) her biography has been penned by a greenhorn local author , Gary Winkler .
For a man whose two previous works were lilting chronicles of Appalachian life , it has proved a chastening experience .
Not only has he fallen out bitterly with his subject and her agent - cum - lawyer and confidant , Roy T. Hardy , but he has patently struggled to get the characteristically withdrawn England to open up .
' I just do n't think she 's a very deep person , ' Winkler , a white - bearded former musician in his late 50s , concludes miserably .
Disgrace : Iraq detainees appear to be surrounded by U.S. military personnel at the Abu Ghraib prison
' Lynndie only has two moods : bored and p****d off . '
During our first meeting , when she yawns through my questions , I see what he means .
Two days later , however , perhaps enlivened by the anti-depressant tablets upon which she relies , England is more animated and opens up to describe the background to the photographs in more detail than ever before .
They were taken on three separate nights in late October and early November 2003 .
At the time , her job was to process the detainees ' admission and release forms .
As a clerical support worker , she had no business in the so - called Hard Site at Abu Ghraib , a block of some 40 cells where the supposedly most dangerous inmates were held .
But she routinely sneaked in late at night to sleep with Graner , a hulking 6ft 3in ex-Marine in charge of the night patrol .
After their arrest , she discovered he had also been having sex with another female soldier who worked on the block , Megan Ambuhl , whom he has married while in prison .
At the time of their affair , England was also married , to childhood sweetheart James Fike , so their relationship was against U.S. military rules .
Even after being repeatedly warned , she refused to break off with Graner and was eventually demoted .
She says she was mesmerised by Graner , who worked in civilian life as a prison corrections officer and had an appalling record for abusing prisoners - one claimed he hid razor blades in the prison food .
' I was blinded by a fool 's love , ' England says in her cigarette - coarsened south - country drawl , as if this explains and excuses her participation in the pictures .
' I know now that Graner was manipulating me , but at that point I would have done anything he told me .'
I ask her about one of the most chilling pictures , in which seven naked detainees , brought to the block after allegedly taking part in a riot elsewhere in the prison , were forced to form a ' human pyramid ' .
After instructing the men to pile up on top of one another , Graner proudly draped his arm around England , and the smiling couple posed beside the grotesque tangle of human flesh .
Looking at the image now , it appears that the detainees could not have remained in this painful position for very long ; yet England says quite matter - of - factly that they were forced to stay fixed in position for ' 20 minutes or something ' .
When I suggest that this must have been excruciatingly painful , she shrugs and replies : ' Probably . '
So why had n't she asked Graner to call a halt ?
A grin and another shrug : ' I 'm pretty sure he'd have said " No " .
' There were only three of us and seven of them , and he wanted to contain them by keeping them connected and concentrating on not falling - so they would n't overpower us .
That 's how he explained it .'
But surely she must have felt some pity for them ?
As often , she takes an eternity to reply , then says : ' In my eyes they were the enemy ; the other side .
What happens in war happens .
They would have done 20 times worse to us . '
Five years on : Lynndie England with her authorised biography
We move on to another hideous image , in which the same group of prisoners - one of whom Graner had punched full in the face - were lined up and ordered to masturbate .
How long had this sick charade continued ?
' You are going to find this ridiculous , ' says England , half suppressing a snigger .
' One guy did 45 minutes !
Freddie [ Graner 's fellow prison guard , Ivan Frederick ] just wanted to see if they would do it - and all seven of them lined up doing this .
' Well , six stopped after a few minutes , but the seventh carried on . '
Hearing this account for the first time , even Roy T.
Hardy , her lawyer , who had thought himself beyond shock after representing England for five years , is clearly taken aback .
' But you were there the whole time ? ' gasps bespectacled , roly - poly Hardy .
' I 've never heard this stuff before . '
' Yes I was - unfortunately , ' England says , fixing him with her strange , lop - sided smile .
' I was standing there , like , watching .
I was there the whole four hours . '
Hardy , who doubles as a local assistant county prosecutor , clears his throat , as if about to address the bench .
' Do n't mistake Lynndie 's grin for amusement , ' he implores me .
' That 's just a nervous mannerism . '
Maybe so , I say , but she caused so much harm .
What people want to hear is an apology .
' Sorry ?
For what I did ? ' she interjects , incredulous .
' All I did was stand in the pictures .
Saying sorry is admitting I was guilty and I 'm not .
I was just doing my duty . '
She recites her often - rehearsed argument : that the Abu Ghraib guards were tacitly encouraged to ' soften up ' the prisoners before they were interrogated by military intelligence officers .
Given all we know now , this sounds plausible .
It is also easy to see how this gullible backwoods girl became the sociopathic Graner 's stooge ; as Gary Winkler says : ' She was his prop ; all she was guilty of is stupidity . '
For all this , however , it is impossible to empathise with her , for she is such an unsympathetic character .
The daughter of a railway worker , Ken England , and his wife Terrie , she was two years old when her family moved from Kentucky to a trailer park in Fort Ashby , West Virginia .
There she grew into a tomboy and loner , never happier than when shooting squirrels in the woods .
Until her wedding day , she had never owned a dress .
Teachers recall her for saying almost nothing during her school years , and her defence psychologist diagnosed her with speech - related learning difficulty called selective mutism .
However , she was bright enough to graduate from high school with good grades , and set her heart on becoming a meteorologist .
This ambition began , she says , after she saw the film Twister and became fascinated by tornadoes .
To pay her way through college , she took menial jobs , including processing chickens and serving in a supermarket , where she fell for the mild - mannered Fike .
They were divorced after she admitted her affair with Graner , although England insists she still loves Fike , and would like to get back together with him .
' But I would n't blame him if he hates me . '
They wed as teenagers , but soon afterwards she joined the local reserve regiment , the 372nd Military Police Company - partly because she needed the money , but mainly because she ' always wanted to serve ' , she says .
Never having travelled beyond the nearby states , and not even owning a passport , she had n't expected to be sent overseas .
But as operations in Afghanistan and Iraq stretched U.S. services to breaking point , the ' weekend warriors ' were marched off to war .
By then her affair with Graner had already begun .
Having pursued her for weeks at their U.S. base , Fort Lee , the 34 - year - old divorce 14 years her senior , checked them into a seedy motel where the liaison was consummated .
She first discovered that Graner got a kick out of taking - and showing his friends - perverted photographs of her soon afterwards , when they holidayed in Virginia Beach .
This was in March 2003 , more than six months before the Abu Ghraib pictures were taken .
While she performed a sex act on him , he reached for his Sony and started clicking away , she says .
' Whoa !
Hey , what are you doing ?
I do n't want pictures taken , ' England says she protested .
But when Graner insisted they were for his eyes only and just ' harmless fun ' , she relented .
She claims she had no idea he was emailing compromising pictures of her to fellow soldiers until after her arrest ; hence her lack of caution when he asked her to pose with the prisoners .
However , as her boyfriend had maliciously shown the Virginia Beach photos to her mortified parents during a visit to her family in April 2003 - by ' accidentally ' slipping them in among some other innocent snaps they were viewing - surely alarm bells should have rung ?
Graner and England were deployed to Abu Ghraib in October 2003 , and although nothing can excuse their subsequent behaviour , it is possible to see how things happened .
A few months earlier , the prison had held just 700 detainees , but when they arrived the numbers had swollen to 7,000 .
Understaffed , undertrained and poorly led , the guards struggled to control this sweltering bedlam .
Though she insists that ' everyone ' knew about the detainee photographs , a criminal investigation began only some three months after they were taken , when a soldier with a conscience , Sergeant Joseph Darby , handed in two CDs of photographs which Graner had boastfully shown to him .
Hastily airlifted out of Iraq for his own safety , Darby has lived in hiding ever since .
Just as well , for England says she would ' definitely beat the hell out of him if I saw him ' , adding : ' In war , you do n't rat on your buddies . '
Intriguingly , she claims to possess about 800 more unseen photographs from her time in Iraq , depicting scenes which would be highly damaging to the U.S. Army and the White House , if they were ever released .
Sick : Prisoners are made to lie on top of each other naked
Roy T. Hardy claims they include pictures of an Iraqi woman bearing her breasts and graphic images of wounded enemy combatants , but declines to go into more detail because , until her dishonorable discharge is finalised , England remains a serving soldier .
It is not clear whether these photographs , which are locked away in a vault , are among the hundreds which Obama is withholding - having reneged last month on his promise to release them when he came to power .
But their very existence constitutes a ticking time - bomb for the U.S. authorities , and biographer Gary Winkler believes she and Hardy will try to sell them to the highest bidder .
The author claims England is being manipulated by her lawyer - agent , and describes Hardy as ' the new Charles Graner ' .
Understandably , Hardy , 39 , is incensed by this - though the happily married father - of - two hardly helps himself by constantly joking that he and England are having a secret fling .
Winkler is embittered , the lawyer says , because Hardy and England have criticised his book , which was supposed to have been her first - person story but has ended up an error - strewn exercise in vanity publishing .
But she needs the money .
She has applied for countless jobs , she complains , but no one dares to employ her , and so , two years after her release she remains unemployed and has given up hope of working .
Reliant on food stamps and the charity of her family and friends , she lives with her parents and four - year - old Carter , the child she had with Graner , in the same cramped trailer where she was raised .
Her hatred for Graner , who is midway through his ten - year sentence , was compounded when he demanded a DNA test to prove Carter is really his child .
England was pregnant by the time she stood trial and maintains that only Graner could be the father .
The result is not back yet , but one look at the boy would be enough for Graner to realise he is wasting his time .
England , now 26 and without a boyfriend - though she receives marriage proposals from twisted internet admirers - says she is depressed because she feels trapped and has lost her independence .
' I can't even hunt squirrels no more , because I 'm not permitted to own a firearm , ' she moans .
As a result of post - traumatic stress , she says , she also suffers flashbacks and horribly vivid nightmares .
Do they reawaken memories of those chilling photograph sessions at Abu Ghraib ?
' It 's a whole variety of stuff .
You can't hear somebody screaming their heads off and not dream about it , ' she drawls sardonically .
' I 'll be watching a movie , or TV , and then something triggers it and , bam !
I 'm back there .'
This hardly sounds like contrition , but is probably as close as Private First Class Lynndie England will ever come to expressing regret for becoming the unacceptable face of the U.S. Army .
Dozens of turtles , presumably on a mating spree , shut down a runway at John F. Kennedy International Airport Wednesday morning for 35 minutes , causing flight delays of an hour and a half .
The 78 diamondback terrapins were picked up , put into a pickup truck and removed from the runway , said John Kelly , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey .
They were originally spotted around 8:30 a.m. by a pilot , who radioed the tower .
“ It ’s not unprecedented , but it ’s not at all common , ” he said .
He said that the turtles were perhaps attracted to the sand along one side of the runway , which juts into the water .
“ They tend to look for sand while they are mating , ” he said .
“ Presumably , all these turtles were feeling amorous . ”
It is unclear whether the turtles pair off , or if the numbers indicated it was a group activity , he said .
There has been a surprising amount of half - shell news in the last year around the city .
A two - headed one was stolen in Brooklyn last August .
And a 60 - pound tortoise showed up in the Bronx in April .
These turtles were 8 to 10 inches long and weighed 2 to 3 pounds .
Mr. Kelly volunteered a number of turtle puns , saying the morning phenomenon was perhaps an ultimate example of “ slow , sweet love . ”
The Mail Online has the story of Barbie being given tattoos to mimic high - profile celebrities “ like Amy Winehouse ” .
Although why anyone would want to be like Amy Winehouse remains to be seen .
Mattel claims that such tattoos help bring Barbie ( and her brunette equivalent Nikki ) up to date .
But parents are n’t convinced .
One commented that , “ It is dumbing right down – Barbie should be at the high end of fashion , not the chav end . ”
And if you do n’t know what the “ chav end ” is , watch the video below .
As for Barbie ’s tramp stamp , let me say I can approve only if they a make a Ken that can “ hit the bulls eye . ”
Though I will say that Barbie is teaching girls a valuable lesson … always have your boyfriend ’s name formed by negative space , that way you can tattoo it in after he dumps you .
June 10 , 2009
Bowling and Art
The Vermeers , Rembrandts and Holbeins upstairs are well known .
But only a lucky few have seen the bowling alley .
Related article
I ’m sure you ’ve seen these already , but every time I see them I am still grossed out !
And they are now available at Perpetual Kid ( designed by the . ) !
Share This Article
Share
Share Tweet
Tweet Pin
Pin Submit
The PharmaSat satellite payload sits fully assembled , covered in shiny solar panels .
It is scheduled for launch aboard a U.S. Air Force four - stage Minotaur 1 rocket on the evening of May 5 , 2009 .
A small satellite the size of a bread loaf could helpscientists figure out how drugs work in space .
The nanosatellite , called PharmaSat , weighs 10 poundsand is designed to study how yeast responds to antifungal drugs while circlingthe Earth at 17,000 mph .
" PharmaSat is an important experiment that willyield new information about the susceptibility of microbes to antibiotics inthe space environment , " said David Niesel , PharmaSat 's co-investigator atthe University of Texas in Galveston .
PharmaSat is slatedfor launch aboard a U.S. Air Force Minotaur1 rocket on the evening of May 5 , as a secondary payload .
The rocketcarries a TacSat 3 satellite as its primary payload .
Weather permitting , the launch might offer a remarkablesight to many residents along the East Coast .
The satellite holds a micro-laboratory packed withsensors that can detect the growth , density and health of yeast cells .
Scientists plan to use three different doses of the antifungal treatment andsee how the yeast responds over the course of 96 hours .
NASA spaceflight engineers could contact the satellite assoon as one hour after launch and send a command to start the yeast experiment .
The satellite would then send data back to Earth in near real - time for as longas six months , if all goes well .
" Secondary payload nanosatellites expand the numberof opportunities available to conduct research in microgravity by providing analternative to the International Space Station or space shuttle conductedinvestigations , " said Elwood Agasid , PharmaSat project manager at NASA ' sAmes Research Center in Moffett Field , Calif .
Previous nanosatellite missions include GeneSat - 1 , a shoebox - sizedsatellite that launched in December 2006 and tested how well E. colibacteria thrived in space .
PharmaSat would start transmitting radio signals to NASAAmes and a secondary radio station at Santa Clara University , once itsuccessfully enters low Earth orbit at 285 miles above Earth .
Santa Clara University has extended an invitation to hamradio operators around the world to tune in and hear the satellite 's broadcast .
A federal judge has ruled South Carolina 's attorney general must keep his mouth shut about threatening to prosecute Craigslist over ads for prostitution .
US District Judge Weston Houck granted a temporary restraining order and preliminary judgment against Attorney General Henry McMaster on Friday to " refrain from initiating or pursuing any prosecution against craigslist or its officer " in regards to content posted on the site .
McMaster is currently the subject of a lawsuit from Craigslist over his publicized threats to launch a criminal investigation against the online classified website for allegedly aiding and abetting prostitution .
Two weeks ago , McMaster demanded Craigslist remove the site 's " adult services " listings for South Carolina within 10 days or face possible criminal prosecution .
Eight days after the threat , Craigslist announced it would shutter the category on May 20 and replace it with a new section where each posting would be manually reviewed .
When McMaster announced he would still continue pursing a criminal investigation , Craiglist filed a lawsuit seeking declaratory relief against such action .
Craigslist CEO
Jim Buckmaster claims the website is n't liable for content posted by third parties based on First Amendment free speech rights and under Section 230 of the US Communications Decency Act .
Section 230 essentially states that providers of interactive computer services are n't considered publishers of information provided by their users for purposes of legal liability .
McMaster , who is considering a run for governor next year , intriguingly declared the lawsuit against his office " good news , " saying it " shows that craiglist is taking the matter seriously for the first time . "
Both McMaster and Craigslist have agreed to the judge 's restraining order . ®
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement One of Ireland 's top bankers was pelted with eggs on Wednesday as hundreds of angry shareholders attended a meeting .
Dermot Gleeson , chairman of Allied Irish , ducked to avoid the missiles after addressing an extraordinary general meeting at its Dublin HQ .
Pensioner Gary Keogh said he felt compelled to throw the eggs after Mr Gleeson tried to speak over another shareholder .
Mr Keogh , from Blackrock in south Dublin , was removed from the building .
He said he was extremely angry after losing his pension in the economic downturn .
" The whole board should be replaced by Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck , " he added .
" I have no pension .
My pension now is wiped out because of AIB .
I cannot sell the shares because they are useless .
" If we did n't live in a tolerant society , the chairman and the rest of the board would be hanging by their necks with piano wire out on the road . "
If we did n't live in a tolerant society , the chairman and the rest of the board would be hanging by their necks with piano wire out on the road .
AIB shareholder , Gary Keogh
Meanwhile , inside , an unsettled Mr Gleeson stood in front of a blue AIB logo spattered with egg and continued to take questions from shareholders .
He apologised to shareholders for " the anxiety and distress " they had suffered from the collapsing share price and the cessation of dividends .
The bank had called the meeting to seek shareholder approval for a 3.5 bn euro government recapitalisation plan .
It received overwhelming backing .
In exchange for the capital injection from the taxpayer , the State will get an 8 % annual dividend and a 25 % share in the bank .
The investment was approved by the European Commission due to AIB 's importance to the Irish economy .
The past 12 months have been disastrous for the bank , which has lost 91 % of its share value amid the crisis in the financial system .
The bank 's management had for months claimed it did n't need any government help , but they were forced into a humiliating climb - down in April when evidence mounted that in - house estimates for defaulting loans were hopelessly optimistic .
Mr Gleeson will stand down in July .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ shal ] Naughty Dog [ / shal ] co-founders [ shal ] Jason Rubin [ / shal ] and [ shal ] Andrew Gavin [ / shal ] dropped off the map after leaving their highly respected game studio in 2004 to seek new ventures in the game industry .
The two , along with Jason Kay of Flektor fame , have finally revealed their new company , Monkey Gods .
Monkey Gods is a social gaming startup that will focus on the development and distribution of games for the iPhone , Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , Nintendo Wii , and various social networks .
Their first two titles set for release this year are Snood , a re-invention of the original PC title by the same name , and Monkwerks , a word challenge game with multiplayer support .
You can read more about the team at the official Monkey Gods website .
On June 15 , 2009 the Office of the Inspector General issued their audit report regarding the failure of California ’s Downey Savings and Loan Association ( Downey ) .
Now the story of DSL is important because it highlights the entire process of how we came to this financial crisis that now threatens the economic stability of the world .
The market volatility that we are seeing is merely a reflection of what institutions like Downey dabbled in with their love affair with toxic mortgage assets .
And California now has an 11.5 percent unemployment rate which is the highest in record keeping history .
If we look at alternative measures , the state is probably closer to a 20 percent unemployment rate .
Yet the 71 page report issued by the OIG is probably only being read by a few people .
This report tells us much and gives us solutions as how to approach this problem .
Downey was taken over on November 21 , 2008 by the FDIC at a staggering cost of $ 1.4 billion .
This puts it into the top ten most expensive institutions taken over by the FDIC during this crisis .
It is fascinating to note that in the report , we are told that the primary cause of Downey ’s collapse was its high concentration of option adjustable rate ( ARM ) loans and its lack of documentation in loans :
“ The primary causes of Downey ’s failure were the thrift ’s high concentrations in single - family residential loans which included concentrations in option adjustable rate mortgage ( ARM ) loans , reduced documentation loans , subprime loans , and loans with layered risk ; inadequate risk - monitoring systems ; the thrift ’s unresponsiveness to OTS recommendations ; and high turnover in the thrift ’s management .
These conditions were exacerbated by the drop in real estate values in Downey ’s markets . ”
This should n’t be a surprise to many .
Yet the policy implications should be clear as day .
There is no reason for these toxic mortgage products to exist .
And the way we are currently handling the problem will only ensure a deeper and more prolonged battle .
First , banks will get the message fast if the government stops buying or subsidizing any of these toxic assets .
Banks will learn quickly never to make these loans again if we allow those institutions like Downey to fail completely because of their own decision to jump into this segment of the market .
Instead , we are developing a public - private investment program designed to buy up these toxic products .
What does this teach banks ?
It teaches them that making toxic products available is a worthy risk to take because if things get bad like they are in this current recession , then the government will bailout their risky behavior .
The major losers here of course are average American taxpayers .
When Downey failed it had $ 12.8 billion in assets .
I question the worth of the assets but that was the book value .
Downey was a big player in the California housing market and was a player in the toxic mortgage waste that pushed the median price of a California home to the near $ 600,000 median price during the peak .
Now , the median price is in the low $ 200,000s .
They of course shifted from making more traditional loans to ever more toxic products that simply imploded the bank for short - term gains .
As we read the report , we are told that the OTS made constant recommendations to the bank but of course , the OTS was stripped to the very minimum because of bank lobbying over the past decade .
The policy implication here becomes radically clear that if we are to have a legitimate oversight board , it must have the power to enact regulations on the books .
That is probably one thing many people fail to understand right now .
Many of the regulations necessary are already on the books .
Yet the bodies governing these policies are so weak and pathetic , that banks were able to ramrod legislation that essentially made them shells with no ability to enforce the laws .
Downey by the end of 2005 at the height of the bubble had 91 percent of its single family home loan portfolio in option ARMs .
They basically went 100 percent with this toxic product .
73 percent of Downey ’s option ARMs had negative amortization potential which of course did occur and imploded the bank .
Just take a look at this stunning chart :
And as the chart shows , Downey was in the game early on .
Thus , their recast of 5 years on their typical option ARM started imploding much earlier and led to their demise in 2008 even before the major wave of option ARMs will swarm the market in 2010 through 2012 .
The disturbing facts also come out regarding teaser introductory rates which artificially allowed people to buy more home than they could afford .
With the availability of “ no - doc ” loans anyone with a desire to get a loan got one .
The fact that 91 percent of their SFR loan portfolio is option ARMs is appalling .
Institutions here in California basically created a casino with housing even though agencies knew of the longer term implications .
In regards to policy , this gives us clear implications :
1 . Do not bailout any mortgage product that is an option ARM .
2. Government agencies overseeing these institutions must have teeth to act and stop companies before things get out of hand .
Imagine the police with no power to enforce the laws on the book .
3 . Clearly these products had no life outside of the bubble .
They should be labeled as
such and any institutions engaging in these products goes forward at their own risk .
No bailouts ever .
And of course , the method of accounting allowed the bank to book capitalized interest as income even though borrowers were electing to pay the very minimum which in reality , meant the institution was getting closer and closer to the end :
The policy implication is clear .
This was never income .
How in the world banks could be allowed to do accounting this way is insanity .
Yet much of the first quarter of 2009 profits booked by banks were because of the suspension of mark to market and this kind of accounting shenanigans .
We have learned nothing .
The policy implication is clear .
Banks should not be allowed to book these items as income .
The chart below shows the insanity reached by institutions like Downey :
Even as problems started rising with Downey , up into 2008 over 90 percent of loans made were with reduced documentation !
That is , the vast majority of their business was liar loans .
Now , these are the potential loans that we will be buying through the PPIP .
These are the loans made to speculators and people delusional in California thinking that $ 600,000 home prices were justified .
These loans should fail and through foreclosure , the market will find a price for them .
The PPIP by all means should have a clause banning any purchase of options ARMs or Alt - A products .
End of story .
The report tells us that by the end of 2007 the option ARM portfolio started facing major stress .
Yet Downey as the chart shows above kept making those loans .
Why ?
The system was built on casino like rules .
Mortgage brokers kept selling products that yielded the most for them while putting the most risk on the borrower .
Management was chasing profits so they did n’t care .
In the end , it became an ultimate moral hazard .
If banks are required to hold these loans , this will not happen .
Just use common sense .
Would you lend your money out like this ?
Of course not .
But this was the “ other people ’s money ” delusion pumped out by late night real estate snake oil salesman that became mainstream for the decade .
The fact that the report tells us that Downey was unresponsive is a joke .
This is like a person speeding down the highway going 100 miles per hour not “ responding ” to a cop and his siren .
Do you think the cop would just let him go and say , “ oh well , I ’m sure he ’ll slow down later . ”
It is this kind of nonsense that has made the banking industry the ultimate oligarchy in our country since they are not only guiding policy , but writing it .
The case of Downey Savings and Loan gives us clear policy implications yet we are not following what is in front of us .
If we keep letting the banks loot this country with the aid from the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve , there will be a repeat of this kind of bubble in a few years in some other industry .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Sapphire annuncia la variante “ Sporting 2GB ” della sua Sapphire HD4890 con memoria GDDR5 , offrendo agli utenti ulteriore versatilità con tecnologia di raffreddamento Sapphire Vapor - X , che consente un funzionamento più efficiente e silenzioso rispetto ai sistemi tradizionali .
Come il modello da 1GB annunciato al Computex il mese scorso , la Sapphire HD4890 Vapor - X 2GB è una scheda dal design originale Sapphire .
Sulla sua GPU è presente un modulo di raffreddamento Sapphire Vapor - X insieme a un dissipatore e una ventola profilata per disperdere il calore all 'esterno del cabinet .
Con una velocità core clock di 870 MHz e 2GB di memoria DDR5 a 1050 MHz , questo modello non ha soltanto memoria aggiuntiva , ma è più silenzioso e notevolmente più veloce del modello standard di riferimento .
La maggiore dimensione della memoria e le velocità superiori consentono prestazioni più elevate nelle attività di rendering e maggiori frame rate nei giochi - soprattutto alle alte risoluzioni e nell ’utilizzo di textures complesse .
I modelli HD4890 Vapor - X di Sapphire dispongono di quattro opzioni di output tutte su scheda - Dual - Link DVI , VGA , HDMI e Display Port .
Due delle quattro uscite video possono essere utilizzate simultaneamente , garantendo la massima flessibilità di collegamento a diversi tipi di display .
Incluso è anche un adattatore HDMI - DVI per chi desidera utilizzare una coppia di monitor DVI .
La serie Vapor - X è dotata di condensatori solidi ad alte prestazioni e delle bobine Sapphire ‘ Black Diamond ’ con heatsink integrato per una più alta efficienza e una maggiore affidabilità di funzionamento .
I condensatori in alluminio a polimeri di alta qualità utilizzati possiedono caratteristiche di durata superiori rispetto ai normali condensatori in alluminio .
La bobina è un componente importante per la regolazione di potenza nelle schede grafiche e la bobina SAPPHIRE Black Diamond ( richiesta di brevetto in corso ) con heatsink integrato offre un miglioramento del 10 % in termini di raffreddamento e del 25 % a livello di efficienza energetica rispetto ad una normale bobina .
La serie Sapphire HD 4890 si basa su un nuovo core GPU di ATI , divisione di AMD , che presenta la stessa architettura della serie HD 4870 di grande successo , con 800 processori Stream , un'interfaccia di memoria GDDR5 da 256 bit e decoder hardware video integrale .
Inoltre la sua architettura di gestione della memoria ottimizzata e innovazioni tecniche consentono maggiori velocità di clock e riducono i consumi in standby .
Questa serie usa l’interfaccia PCI - Express Gen2 e consente il collegamento in CrossFireX di due o più schede video con i cavi ‘ bridge Cross Fire ’ , da usare su schede madri compatibili CrossFireX , per prestazioni grafiche ancora migliori .
Tutte le schede grafiche Sapphire della serie HD4800 utilizzano la più recente tecnologia ATI Avivo HD Technology per avanzate prestazioni video e implementano un decoder UVD ( Unified Video Decoder ) di nuova generazione , per la decodifica hardware accelerata di video su supporti Blu - ray e HD - DVD , sia su codecs VC - 1 che H.264 , così come file Mpeg , riducendo considerevolmente il carico di lavoro della CPU di sistema .
Grazie ai driver più avanzati , la Sapphire HD 4800 offre anche l'elaborazione Stream ATi per accelerare il video transcoding e altre applicazioni supportate .
Le schede grafiche Sapphire della serie HD 4800 sono provviste di certificazione Microsoft Windows Vista Premium e supportano la suite di software ATI Catalyst , garantendo ai clienti un facile e immediato accesso agli aggiornamenti del software , per disporre sempre del meglio in fatto di prestazioni , stabilità e nuove funzioni .
Come la precedente generazione , anche queste schede supportano pienamente lo standard DirectX10.1 , che assicura le migliori prestazioni di rendering e effetti lighting .
Vapor -X
Sapphire è stata la prima azienda a introdurre la Vapor Chamber Technology nelle proprie soluzioni di raffreddamento per schede grafiche .
Il sistema di raffreddamento Vapor - X fu adottato per la prima volta per le Sapphire HD 3870 ATOMIC e TOXIC Edition più di un anno fa e viene prodotto di serie per la HD 4870 512MB e 1GB TOXIC Edition e molte schede grafiche della serie Vapor-X .
La tecnologia a camera di vapore si basa sugli stessi principi della tecnologia dell ' heatpipe .
Un refrigerante liquido evapora a contatto con una superficie calda , formando così vapore che si condensa successivamente a contatto con una superficie fredda e viene convogliato , nuovamente liquido , sulla superficie calda .
Il processo di ricircolo avviene all ' interno di una camera a vuoto ed è controllato da un complesso sistema in materiale poroso .
Nei sistemi Sapphire Vapor - X , la camera è molto sottile ed è montata a contatto con la superficie del chip grafico .
Le serie ATOMIC e TOXIC di prodotti overclocked ad alte prestazioni includono un sistema di raffreddamento ibrido che combina la tecnologia Vapor - X nel core , per un'efficiente dissipazione del calore dal processore grafico , con un sistema di heatpipe e heatsink .
Per il raffreddamento di questi ultimi è presente una ventola che provvede alla dissipazione del calore dalla camera di vapore , dalle memorie e dagli altri componenti e permette così di raggiungere più alti livelli di prestazioni .
La serie Vapor - X usa lo stesso raffreddamento a camera di vapore nel core , insieme a un heatsink e a una silenziosa ventola aerodinamica .
Sapphire Vapor - X e i sistemi di raffreddamento ibridi sono molto efficienti , conseguentemente possono utilizzare basse portate d'aria - e quindi ventole a bassa velocità e silenziose .
FONTE : Comunicato Stampa Sapphire Italy
Obama : ' We are on an unsustainable course ' RAW STORY
Published : Saturday April 18 , 2009
Print This Email This US President Barack Obama , faced with mushrooming budget deficits , announced he will convene his first full cabinet meeting Monday and ask his secretaries for specific plans to cut spending .
He also added to his administration two new officials , Jeffrey Zients and Aneesh Chopra , whose task will be to streamline processes , cut costs and make the government more efficient .
" And this Monday , at my first , full cabinet meeting , I will ask all of my department and agency heads for specific proposals for cutting their budgets , " Obama said in his weekly radio address Saturday .
The announcements came after the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) forecast last month the budget deficit could hit 1.845 trillion dollars for the whole year based on Obama 's 3.5 - trillion - dollar budget plan approved by Congress early this month .
The CBO said its budget deficit estimate for fiscal 2009 , which ends on September 30 , would be four times the 2008 record shortfall and amount to 13.1 percent of the country 's total economic output .
The Obama budget forecasts a 1.750 trillion dollar deficit in fiscal 2009 , but foresees that figure falling to 1.171 trillion dollars in 2010 .
The plan sees the deficit soaring to the largest percentage of gross domestic product since World War II , but the president touted a string of cost savings designed to lay new foundations for the US economy .
In his address , Obama said that the future of America will depend not only on building a more efficient economy , controlling health care costs and improving the education system , but also on " restoring a sense of responsibility and accountability " to the US federal budget .
" Without significant change to steer away from ever - expanding deficits and debt , we are on an unsustainable course , " he stressed .
Obama said that in the coming weeks , he will be announcing the elimination of dozens of government programs shown to be wasteful or ineffective -- and vowed to be tough .
" In this effort , there will be no sacred cows , and no pet projects , " he promised .
" All across America , families are making hard choices , and it's time their government did the same . "
The president said the process of finding ways to cut government spending had already begun , with his aides scouring the budget line by line for programs that do not work and can be replaced with more efficient ones .
He noted that they are focusing on ending tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas , ending fraud and abuse in the Medicare program that serves the elderly , and reforming the health care system to cut costs for families and businesses .
According to Obama , his administration is also looking for ways to strengthen protections for government employees who step forward to report wasteful spending and wants to reinstate the pay - as - you - go rule that mandates that any new spending program must be offset by cuts elsewhere .
Obama praised Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano for ending contracts to create new seals and logos for her department that would have cost the treasury three million dollars as well as Defense Secretary Robert Gates for finding ways to eliminate hundreds of billions of dollars in spending .
Earlier this month , Gates proposed halting production of F - 22 fighter jets , canceling a new presidential helicopter and delaying ship building plans .
He also called for cutting 1.4 billion dollars from missile defense weaponry in the 2010 budget , canceling plans for more C - 17 transport aircraft and scrapping a US Army vehicle that forms part of a hi-tech network known as Future Combat Systems .
Obama also announced that Zients , a management consultant and entrepreneur , will join his administration as chief performance officer and deputy director for management at the Office of Management and Budget .
Meanwhile , Chopra , Virginia 's secretary of technology , will serve as the chief technology officer .
" With the leadership of these individuals , I am confident that we can break our bad habits , put an end to the mismanagement that has plagued our government , and start living within our means again , " Obama pointed out .
" That is how we will get our deficits under control and move from recovery to prosperity . "
This video was published to YouTube by WhiteHouse.gov on April 18 , 2009 .
With wire reports .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
BEIJING --
The A/H1N1 flu outbreak is leading to a potential diplomatic row between China and Mexico , as Chinese health authorities round up and quarantine scores of Mexicans -- only one of whom is thus far reported to be sick -- as they fly in on business and holiday trips .
Mexico 's foreign minister said Mexican citizens with no signs of infection had been isolated in " unacceptable conditions " in China .
Patricia Espinosa told a news conference Saturday that such measures were " discriminatory and ungrounded " and that the government ...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A cat that enjoys playing the piano has had a piece of chamber music written for her by acclaimed Lithuanian conductor .
Nora 's musical skills have made her a Youtube sensation , US media star , and also the object of a video on animal behaviour .
Mindaugas Piecaitis 's four - minute piece for the Klaipeda chamber orchestra had its premiere on Friday , with a video of the six - year - old feline soloist in the background .
Jane Bennett - Powell reports .
As long as professional politicians are allowed to make a career of Congress , we will never be able to make constructive changes in the way Congress operates .
There is ONLY ONE infallible unstoppable way to eliminate careeerism in Congress , and that is to do
a VOTER -IMPOSED term limit on every seat in Congress .
We must NEVER REELECT any Congressman or Senator , NEVER !
Whether he is a good guy , or a bum .
Whether he has served only one term or ten .
Whether he is a Republican , Democrat , moderate , Indie , Greenie , or 3rd party .
Simply NEVER REELECT ANYONE IN CONGRESS .
Vote only for challengers .
If we do this for 3 or 4 election cycles , and reduce the reelection rates of incumbents from the current 95 % down to 60 % , they will absolutely get the message , and may give us a bill for a Congressional Term Limits Amendment .
If they do n't , we only need to keep it up and NEVER REELECT , which gives us TERM LIMITS by default !
Which is a “ voter - imposed term limit ” .
This is the only unstoppable , infallible way to make term limits happen !
The American voter must IMPOSE TERM LIMITS on Congress , by NEVER REELECTING anyone in Congress .
In other words , do n't let anyone serve more than one term .
That 's the only way to teach them that the voter is their boss ! and that Congress as a career WILL NOT BE TOLERATED !.
Let 's wise up , and start voting for our country !
NEVER REELECT ANYONE IN CONGRESS !
Forget about who wins the White House .
It is in the Congress where the changes need to be made .
The 95 % reelection rate in Congress has created a corrupt , arrogant class of professional politicians who are only interested in being reelected forever , regardless of the country 's problems .
One of the reasons our government is permanently dominated by that class of professional politicians who make a career of getting reelected forever , is that WE , THE VOTERS , are all obsessed with party politics .
When has party politics done us any good ?
Look at the mess we are in !
Half of us are straight - ticket Democrats , the other half are straight - ticket Republicans , and the few Independents ' in between are uselessly spread out among Libertarians , Greens , so - called “ moderates ” , 3rd parties , etc , and it has been this way for years and years .
Let 's wise up , and start voting for our country !
NEVER REELECT ANYONE IN CONGRESS !
Nelson Lee Walker of tenurecorrupts.com , Saratoga , CA
Time for the Cubs to stop playing Board Games
It ’s safe to say that this past offseason has been one of the worst for Jim Hendry during his tenure as General Manager of the Chicago Cubs .
The Los Angeles Dodgers made a mockery of the Cubs ’ right - handed lineup in the playoffs by not throwing a single left - handed pitcher at them , and the Cubs responded to this glaring weakness by trading Mark DeRosa , the most versatile and well - liked player on the team – not to mention cheap , since he was in line to make an affordable $ 5.5 million in the final year of his contract – in order to free up some cash to sign a left - handed power hitter .
For God knows what reason , Hendry does n’t even make an attempt to sign Raul Ibanez , a clubhouse prince who is good for 25 home runs and 100 RBIs year in and year out .
Nope , Hendry set his sights on Milton Bradley , a talented but mercurial journeyman ( the Cubs are the eighth team he ’s played for since his Major League debut in 2000 ) who just happened to put up career numbers in a contract year .
The words “ career numbers ” sound good , but they come with one big-ass asterisk .
Take a look at Bradley ’s career year numbers versus the 2008 stat lines of DeRosa and Ibanez :
Raul Ibanez : .292-85-23-110-2
Mark DeRosa : .285-104-21-87-6
Milton Bradley .321-78-22-77-5
It ’s a pretty average stat line as career numbers go , and do n’t forget that he put up those numbers primarily as a DH , and he still only played 126 games due to nagging injuries .
Yep , this is the man that the Cubs hoped would save them , to the tune of three years and $ 30 million .
To add insult to injury , DeRosa now plays for the rival Cardinals .
“ Let ’s see , if I strike out like that 100 more times this year … I still make $ 7 million !
Ahhhh hahahahahahaha ! ”
And would you look at that ; now that Bradley has his money , he ca n’t hit water if he fell out of a boat .
Well , let ’s qualify that – he ’s actually hitting .333 … from the right side of the plate .
He ’s hitting .194 as a lefty , has been suspended for bumping an umpire , sent home by his manager after trashing yet another water cooler , and poisoned yet another clubhouse with his unpredictable temper .
Bradley said before the season started that he had changed , that those days of flying off the handle ( remember when he tore his ACL yelling at an umpire ? ) were long gone .
How on earth did the Cubs believe him ?
Did n’t they see the “ South Park ” movie ?
Bad people always say they ’ll change , but they never do .
So what do the Cubs do with Bradley now ?
He ’s expected to take the next two days off to work on his approach from the left side of the plate with new hitting coach Von Joshua .
A good start , but we have some other , admittedly extreme suggestions to the Bradley problem that we think the Cubs brass should consider .
Option # 1 : Release him
Pros :
The clubhouse is immediately free of his melodrama , and everyone can finally breathe again .
The Cubs are sixth in team ERA , so the pitching is just fine .
The hitters , however , are tight as a drum .
Lose Bradley , and we ’ll bet dollars to donuts that they start hitting again .
The move would also send a strong message to both the team and the fans that management is in it to win it , and that they ’re willing to put the team ’s best interests ahead of everything else , even if it means Hendry wears egg on his face for the foreseeable future .
Cons :
The Cubs would be on the hook for the remainder of Bradley ’s contract , which will hinder their ability to find a replacement on the free agent market .
More importantly , pride always goeth before a fall when it comes to GMs taking responsibility for their bad contracts ( see : Matthews , Gary Jr. , and Rowand , Aaron ) , meaning Hendry is unlikely to say “ My bad ” anytime soon .
From our standpoint , though , paying Bradley to disappear is n’t much different than the millions that the Reds are paying Ken Griffey Jr. in deferred money .
Besides , who needs free agents when you have kids like Micah Hoffpauir and Jake Fox beating the snot out of the ball ?
Option # 2 : Waive him
Pros :
This is the more financially sensible move , since anyone who claims Bradley would assume the remaining money left on his contract .
Cons :
No one is going to take on that contract .
Bradley did n’t have a single multiyear deal on the table when the Cubs signed him , so there is no chance someone is going to suddenly want him for that many years when his value is at an all - time low .
Option # 3 : Send him to the minors
Pros :
It frees up a roster spot with the big league club while allowing Bradley to get out of the spotlight for a while and figure things out .
Cons :
He ’s still a Cub .
Plus , Bradley would surely have to approve such a move , and something tells us his ego is much too large to accept a demotion with anything resembling grace .
Option # 4 : Place him on the 15 - day disabled list with social anxiety disorder
Pros :
This is our personal favorite .
Much like a demotion to the minors , this would free up a spot on the major league roster , while sending a loud , clear message to Bradley that management will not tolerate his immaturity for another minute .
It ’s like a shock collar for a ball player .
Punch the water cooler ?
Boom , you ’re on the disabled list , no injury required .
Want management to take off the shock collar ?
Then quit being a jackass .
And while Bradley may not be “ anxious , ” one could definitely make an argument for the man having one social disorder or another .
As an added bonus , Bradley would be incensed with the designation , which is sort of the point ; it ’s not about you , Milton .
It ’s about the team .
If management has to completely destroy your ego in order for you to understand that , so be it .
Cons : Again , he ’s still a Cub .
And even if the time away improves his attitude , there is no guarantee it will improve his hitting .
Sweet Lou Piniella apologized for sending Bradley home during last Friday ’s game against the White Sox .
To us , that was a mistake .
There are far too many instances these days of management cowtowing to players that have not earned the respect they think they deserve , and few epitomize that better than Bradley .
The man does n’t just need to be humbled : he needs to be broken , like a wild horse .
If the Cubs do not want to make the effort to break him , then they should cut him .
Cubs fans have waited far too long for a title to be stuck with this clown for another two and a half years .
The smell of e-books just got better
Does your Kindle leave you feeling like there ’s something missing from your reading experience ?
Have you been avoiding e-books because they just do n’t smell right ?
If you ’ve been hesitant to jump on the e-book bandwagon , you ’re not alone .
Book lovers everywhere have resisted digital books because they still do n’t compare to the experience of reading a good old fashioned paper book .
But all of that is changing thanks to Smell of Books™ , a revolutionary new aerosol e-book enhancer .
Now you can finally enjoy reading e-books without giving up the smell you love so much .
With Smell of Books ™ you can have the best of both worlds , the convenience of an e-book and the smell of your favorite paper book .
Smell of Books ™ is compatible with a wide range of e-reading devices and e-book formats and is 100 % DRM - compatible .
Whether you read your e-books on a Kindle or a smartphone using your favorite reading app , Smell of Books ™ brings back that real book smell you miss so much .
Michael Brito is a social media strategist and community builder at Intel .
You can catch him writing in his social media blog , Twitter or Facebook at all hours of the day / night .
These are his thoughts and opinions and do not reflect that of his employer .
Having a
Twitter profile does n’t mean you ’re a social media master , but it is a great tool for conversations , building community and finding the latest industry news .
That 's why Hollywood is on Twitter , athletes are on Twitter , your competitors are on Twitter , and hopefully you are on Twitter too .
But for brands , there 's an art to using Twitter , and the most successful at it follow an unwritten set of rules .
The following are 10 important practices for brands to follow on Twitter ; these are lessons that I have learned while working in the enterprise .
1 . Do your research before engaging customers
Know how your customers use Twitter .
It takes only a minute to go to Twitter Search and find out if there are any conversations happening about your brand , product , service or industry .
Know what your customers are saying about you .
If your search yields zero results , do n't worry : there may still be an opportunity for you and your brand to establish a presence and start a conversation on the service .
However , Twitter may or may not be the right tool for you to engage your consumers .
2. Determine organizational goals
Not all brands utilize Twitter in the same way .
Some , like @ComcastCares , use Twitter to provide customers with support .
Other branded Twitter accounts , such as @DellOutlet , have utilized the service to sell products .
It 's important to think about what you are trying to achieve using Twitter before devoting your time and resources to it .
You 're likely to get more out of it that way .
3. Utilize either a branded or personal profile
You have two options : you can either use a branded profile with your company 's logo , or you can opt to create a more personal profile that unites your own personal brand with that of the company .
If employees are using Twitter to primarily engage with people on behalf of the company , they should have a branded profile .
A branded profile is one that clearly identifies the user as an employee of the company ; usually through a username ( i.e. @ Intel_Eric , @synopsys_roy , @ MelfromSymantec , @AMDOpteronPhil , @ RichardatDELL to name a few ) or has a branded background picture and bio .
Whichever option you choose , there has to be a level of balance .
Branded profiles are great for certain things - for example , industry news , contests , investor relations , etc. Personal profiles are more beneficial if your organization wants to leverage the employee ’s personal micro-community or wants to have a more human presence .
4. Build your Twitter equity and credibility
To be a successful brand on Twitter , you have to build credibility and equity .
That does n’t necessarily refer to the number of followers , tweets , or retweets you may have , although these are important factors .
Rather , it 's more about developing a reputation as a trusted source of information or being seen as an expert in a particular subject .
You wo n't succeed in building your Twitter equity by pushing out one way marketing messages about your product .
Instead ask questions , be personal , and engage people naturally within the Twitter community .
Otherwise , customers wo n't listen to what you have to say .
I usually follow the 80/20 rule : 80 percent of my tweets are conversational and personal , 20 percent are about the company I work for .
I 've found that this has really helped build customer engagement and link click - through rates .
5 . Track metrics and conversation trends
Any enterprise or medium sized business should invest in a paid tracking service like Radian6 or Nielsen to better track Twitter conversations , identify trends , measure sentiment , and to get a quantifiable picture of what is going on in the social web .
One metric you absolutely must track : how much money Twitter has saved your brand .
How many issues did you solve , leads did you create , and dollars did you save through Twitter engagement versus traditional resources ?
If your goal is to handle customer support issues via Twitter , it 's wise to check if there is any decrease in the call volume to your support center .
And if you are selling products via Twitter ( as Dell is doing ) , you should of course measure your sales via that channel .
6 . Do n’t go overboard ; less structure is better
Your Twitter use can appear disingenuous and inhuman if you 're too structured with your approach , to the point where your community may be turned off .
Treat your Twitter relationships the same way you would any other relationship .
Honestly , how much planning or structure is needed before spending the evening out with friends ?
Your Twitter experience will change and evolve over time , because the community that follows you will help shape what you say and how you respond .
Remember to always use the 80/20 rule , but be flexible with your approach .
I 'm not saying that you should let your employees run wild on Twitter , though .
Planning , training , coordination and integration with social tools is imperative — just do n’t go overboard and create a social media policy that is too restrictive .
7. Listen and observe before engaging
Do n’t just start tweeting assuming that the Twitter community is going to accept you with open arms .
It ’s important that you spend some time just listening and observing the behavior of those who are talking about you or your company .
Understand how your customers behave and adjust accordingly .
You do n’t have to follow everyone that mentions your company to listen in on the conversation .
In fact , this may irritate some people .
Instead , when you 're ready to start answering questions , @reply them .
In my experience , nine times out of ten , they 'll end up following you .
Let the relationship grow from there .
8 . Be authentic & believable
Authenticity is the golden rule in social media .
We 've known this for years , but there is another , related rule that is just as important : you and your brand need to be believable .
This means spending time listening to your community , observing it , and learning about the dynamics of that community .
Your will become believable only after you have established trust among those in your community .
Because I am trusted by my followers , if I tweet that my new netbook is amazing and fits my mobile lifestyle , people will believe me and perhaps even buy one ( it is amazing , by the way ) .
9 . Track , measure , and iterate
If there ’s one thing that bugs me about working in the corporate environment , it ’s the amount of time needed to execute .
Sometimes it ’s better just to launch a product or initiative , track it , measure the results and then iterate .
I learned this concept working at Yahoo for Mike Speiser , who was the VP of Community Products ( and founded ePinions and Bix ) .
This was his philosophy at Yahoo , and it worked , especially in the competitive landscape of social networks .
The great thing about the social web is that it ’s not difficult to track the results of Twitter engagement , assuming you have determined what your organization 's goals are .
It ’s even easier to change course if you find that your efforts are n't working according to plan .
10 .
Do n’t just strategize : execute !
Multiple daily conference calls are the norm in corporate America .
Strategy sessions and meetings to plan strategy sessions are also constants .
While this may be fine when planning a new product launch or corporate initiative , it is the wrong approach to using Twitter .
We spend too much time strategizing with little to no execution .
When you have too many ideas and not enough people who are willing to roll up their sleeves and get stuff done , you are going to find yourself late to the game .
Or , in the case of Twitter , late to the conversation .
By spending too much time trying to think of the best strategy , you are going to miss priceless opportunities to fix problems , answer questions , turn sour situations around , and create brand affinity with customers .
With Twitter your mantra should be : just get out there and try it .
More Twitter resources from Mashable :
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , cogal , francisblack
The latest from the LHC
Work on closing up sectors in the LHC tunnel .
The foreseen shutdown work on the LHC is proceeding well , including the powering tests with the new quench protection system .
However , during the past week vacuum leaks have been found in two " cold " sectors of the LHC .
The leaks were found in Sectors 8 - 1 and 2 - 3 while they were being prepared for the electrical tests on the copper stabilizers at around 80 K .
In both cases the leak is at one end of the sector , where the electrical feedbox , DFBA , joins Q7 , the final magnet in the sector .
Unfortunately , the repair necessitates a partial warm - up of both sectors .
This involves the end sub-sector being warmed to room temperature , while the adjacent sub-sector " floats " in temperature and the remainder of the sector is kept at 80 K .
As the leak is from the helium circuit to the insulating vacuum , the repair work will have no impact on the vacuum in the beam pipe .
However the intervention will have an impact on the schedule for the restart .
It is now foreseen that the LHC will be closed and ready for beam injection by mid-November .
All planned repairs have been completed in Sector 4 - 5 and the final ‘ W bellow ’ - the large accordion - shaped sleeve that covers the interconnections between two magnets - was closed on Wednesday 15 July .
Sector 6 - 7 was closed two days earlier .
Over the past three weeks , during which Sector 4 - 5 was at room temperature , two sets of 300 K measurements on the copper busbars were taken .
The second set was taken at the end of the three - week period to reduce inaccuracy caused by temperature fluctuations .
With these accurate room - temperature measurements , the relationship between the 80 and 300 K tests can be determined more accurately .
The three busbar segments with the highest resistance were opened and direct measurements taken across each electrical joint ( or splice ) to confirm the 300 K measurements .
The individual splices with high resistance in these three sections were repaired , 15 in total .
The last of the remaining three cold sectors will be tested at 80 K in the first week of August .
During the last three weeks , in the shadow of the other work in Sector 4 - 5 , as many new pressure release nozzles as possible have been installed in the Sector , focusing on the most critical areas .
In total 60 have been fitted , roughly a third of the total planned in the sector .
Four other sectors are fully equipped with the new larger pressure release ports .
In the remaining cold sectors , where the new ports cannot be installed , the bolts that fix the existing ( standard ) pressure release ports to the machine are being replaced with spring release clips .
In the event of a sudden increase in pressure caused by helium , the whole port will be released , allowing the helium to escape much more quickly .
Sector 3 - 4 has been successfully pressure tested .
The 14 vacuum subsections have also been tested , revealing 3 with minor leaks , which are being repaired .
Following the closure of Sector 3 - 4 the teams involved held a small celebration to mark the end of the repair work in the sector on 8 July .
Watch the video below :
President Obama yesterday announced the nomination of Max Cleland as secretary of the American Battle Monuments Commission , according to a White House press release .
The President made the following statement :
May 1 , 2009  --
What began as law school class exercise in privacy has led an apparently upset Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia to criticize a law professor for giving a lesson in how " what is legal may also be quite irresponsible . "
Joel Reidenberg , a Fordham University law school professor , assigned a group project to students in his information privacy law course :
Find any publicly available information on the notoriously private Scalia and compile it into a " dossier . "
The class came up with 15 pages of information on the Justice , including his home phone number , his food preferences , his wife 's personal e-mail address and photos of his grandchildren , Reidenberg said .
The dossier has n't been made public and was intended , Reidenberg says , as an exercise to show students the amount of personal information that can be easily gleaned from the Web .
But when he discussed the assignment at an academic conference last week -- and his comments were posted on a popular legal blog -- the assignment took on a life of its own , as things sometimes do on the Internet .
Scalia : Prof. Showed ' Abominably Poor Judgment '
And Scalia is reportedly not pleased .
Through the Supreme Court 's press office , Scalia declined to comment .
In an e-mail to Above the Law , a legal blog , Scalia fired back at Reidenberg :
" It is not a rare phenomenon that what is legal may also be quite irresponsible .
That appears in the First Amendment context all the time .
What can be said often should not be said .
Prof. Reidenberg 's exercise is an example of perfectly legal , abominably poor judgment .
Since he was not teaching a course in judgment , I presume he felt no responsibility to display any . "
Reidenberg said he assigns a similar project each year , using himself as the test subject last year .
He said he picked Scalia after the Justice said during a speech earlier this year that he did not believe the law should necessarily protect personal , but easily available , information .
" Every single datum about my life is private ?
That 's silly , " Scalia told a conference hosted by the Institute of American and Talmudic Law , according to an Associated Press account of the conference .
Professor : Not Enough Protection for Online Privacy
Reidenberg and some other legal scholars have argued that the law does not do enough to protect individual privacy in an age when volumes of personal information are sometimes easily accessible online .
" Years ago , information might have been available in a public record at a local town hall , but the effort and expense of finding that information effectively gave it privacy protection even though the law might not have , " Reidenberg said .
" Now , all of those discrete pieces of information become readily accessible and can be aggregated together .
In that new context , there are significant privacy concerns associated with the use of that information . "
" Each individual fact standing alone may not be problematic .
But when you 're compiling it together in a different type of format , it becomes quite astonishing . "
Scalia said in his speech earlier this year that he was not bothered by the availability of such information .
" I do n't find that particularly offensive , " he said .
" I do n't find it a secret what I buy , unless it 's shameful . "
He added there 's some information that 's private , " but it does n't include what groceries I buy , " according to the AP .
Amitai Etzioni , a professor at George Washington University who has written about privacy and who was at the Fordham conference , said that both Reidenberg and Scalia were right .
" Very little in our lives is private and it's extremely easy to collect a dossier on practically anybody , " he said .
" But I think Scalia is right in that a lot of things which are legal are obnoxious , " he said .
" The basic idea that you do something just because it 's legal and view someone 's private life just to demonstrate a point , it 's obnoxious . "
Getting started with lisp is no easy task .
Tools like clbuild and Lispbox make it easier than a few years ago , but there are still obstacles ( some quite reasonable ) to using lisp in your work environment .
After conversing about the subject a little with Alberto Riva ( another local lisper ! ) and seeing trichey mention it , I figured I ’d write up the successful approach I employed .
Everyone ’s workplace is different , and these may not work for you .
YMMV .
First off , here are some questions any manager worth their salt will have , that you will need to address :
How much is supporting another language going to cost me ?
( buying the software , upgrading the software , running and updating servers , training staff , etc )
Will our customers be OK with using this esoteric language ?
How will I hire anyone who knows lisp ?
In my workplace , we ’re a small consulting shop , and I am both programmer and manager .
People come to us asking for a website that does X .
We then figure out they want X to solve problem P , and suggest a website Y to solve P .
These are mostly simple CRUD applications .
There ’s a bunch of data and a handful of things they want done with it , but mostly they just want to look at it .
We used ASP.
NET with C# , and were having a hell of a time abstracting common functionality between projects .
After writing the same code over and over , we knew there had to be a better way , which brings us to the manager ’s first concern : cost .
The pro-lisp argument boils down to : we can save money by adding lisp to our toolbox and using it where appropriate .
1 ) Establish and demonstrate inefficiencies with the current toolset
In our case , we were dealing with ASP .
NET version 1 , C# version 1 , and .NET Framework 1.1 .
This combination was vastly superior to the vbscript ASP we had been running before , but there were still things we simply could n’t abstract .
We used code generators ( provided by Microsoft and written in - house ) to write tons of boilerplate C# code , and spent a lot of time frustrated .
To be fair , Microsoft tried to help by releasing more versions of ASP .
NET , C# , and the .NET Framework , and it was possible to generate our C# at runtime using C# , but the syntax is ridiculous ( see listing 6 on Late Binding and On - the - Fly Code Generation Using Reflection in C# ) .
On the flip side , all those new versions of ASP .
NET , C# , and the .NET Framework require a lot of work to keep up with , and it is difficult to explain to non-technical customers why they need to spend money to get something totally invisible to them .
Another big factor in our displeasure with ASP.
NET was how hard it was to have a shared user control library .
The goal of this step is to convince the manager that your current toolset is not a silver bullet , and he could be saving money by introducing other tools .
Of course , be honest .
If the current toolset is really well suited for the work , then you have no reason to switch .
2 ) Use open source development tools
If your workplace does n’t already , start .
Some managers might be accustomed to paying costly fees for everything under the sun , and is rightfully skeptical about increasing his tool costs .
Some managers might be confused about the maturity and quality of open - source offerings , and applying the “ you get what you pay for ” adage .
Either way , the cost argument can largely disappear when using open - source lisp tools and implementations .
Ideally get emacs into your workplace .
I ’d say a good 10 % of my costs with running lisp working were spent learning how to use emacs effectively .
In our MS environment , we started with NAnt , Subversion , and TortoiseSVN .
Those projects convinced me that open source is inevitably going to corner the developer tools market .
The goal of this step is to convince the manager that there is no great risk to trying out new open - source projects , and OSS can be cost - saving measures .
3 ) Find a small project you where you can use lisp as a infrequent manual step in an existing project
By limiting the scope ( particularly by excluding a runtime component ) , you minimize the manager ’s risk if lisp is n’t up to the job , and side - step any costs with running lisp as a server , or keeping your lisp implementation updated .
In our case , we were writing a XUL application , and needed to generate tons of XML .
XUL is a neat environment , but verbose as all hell and the standard abstraction mechanisms ( XSLT , XBL ) left us wanting .
We introduced lisp to generate this XML , and found all the abstraction we were looking for .
Lisp was natural fit for XML generation , as the tree of code tended to mirror the resulting XML tree .
This step will take time because you ’ll need to get slime / emacs / lisp configured .
This may test your manager ’s patience if you ’re inexperienced with lisp .
The goal of this step is to demonstrate to the manager the efficacy of lisp without requiring a major investment , and show how lisp can quickly add value to existing projects .
4 ) More manual lisp processes , more people
Here you apply lisp to more one - off problems , or expand on the previous project .
In our case , we started generating javascript with our XUL , wrote a pricing calculator for an existing product , and a script to check the status of many internal subdomains .
This will involve getting more people involved with lisp .
Pair program a lot here on people who do n’t know lisp .
Watch SICP lectures .
In my case , my co-workers were all excited about lisp , and picked it up very easily .
We were n’t doing anything advanced , and the context of XML generation made it all pretty easy to think about .
If your co-workers do not take to lisp , then you ’re probably SOL .
The goal of this step is to demonstrate to the manager that the whole team can benefit from lisp , and get them thinking about what else lisp can offer .
5 ) Pick a medium - sized internal project and run lisp in production environment , in cooperation with an existing project
This is where the manager needs to stick their neck out a bit and convince his powers - that - be to try something new and different .
This might involve working with your systems department to setup a new server , and will likely have pretty high visibility even if the project itself is low priority .
This project should be something used internally so we do n’t have to tackle the “ what would our clients think of lisp ” question yet .
Here is where you really need to deliver for your manager .
In our case , we had a 10 year old C++ app running some core invoicing logic .
The thing was riddled with bugs , and the source was n’t even in version control .
The staff had just figured out how to work around it .
This was ripe for the pickings , and we made a website that talked to the same database , so they could be used in tandem .
In our case , just about anything was better than the C++ , and lisp brought a new era of flexibility .
To ease deployment , we generated lisp executables ( using sb - ext : save - lisp - and - die ) on the dev machines , copied them to the production server , and run them behind proxy servers .
This eliminates the costs associated with updating lisp implementations on production servers .
The goal of this step is demonstrate lisp ’s stability and effectiveness in a production environment .
If you ’ve achieved this , you have demonstrated the cost - effectiveness of lisp , and can use it on any internal projects .
Gosh , that ended up a bit more verbose than I intended , I ’ll try to make the next one more concise .
joshua schachter 's blog
on url shorteners
URL shortening services have been around for a number of years .
Their original purpose was to prevent cumbersome URLs from getting fragmented by broken email clients that felt the need to wrap everything to an 80 column screen .
Addendum :
They 're useful in print , too .
But it 's 2009 now , and this problem no longer exists .
Instead it 's been replaced by the SMS - oriented 140 character constraints of sites like Twitter .
( Let 's leave aside the fact that any phone that can run a web browser and thus follow links can also run a proper client , and does n't have to hew to the SMS character limit . )
Since TinyURL , there has been a rapid proliferation of shortening services .
Aside from the raw utility of allowing URLs to fit within a Twitter message , newer services add several interesting bits of functionality .
The most important of these is that let the linker turn any link into THEIR link , and view metrics on how far it 's spread and how many clicks it 's gotten .
Showing a user how popular his actions are is inevitably addictive .
Shorteners are relatively easy and lightweight to set up .
Adding a simple interstitial before the redirect provides an obvious way to monetize .
And maybe someday all the link data will be worth something .
So there are clear benefits for both the service ( low cost of entry , potentially easy profit ) and the linker ( the quick rush of popularity ) .
But URL shorteners are bad for the rest of us .
The worst problem is that shortening services add another layer of indirection to an already creaky system .
A regular hyperlink implicates a browser , its DNS resolver , the publisher 's DNS server , and the publisher 's website .
With a shortening service , you 're adding something that acts like a third DNS resolver , except one that is assembled out of unvetted PHP and MySQL , without the benevolent oversight of luminaries like Dan Kaminsky and St. Postel .
There are three other parties in the ecosystem of a link : the publisher ( the site the link points to ) , the transit ( places where that shortened link is used , such as Twitter or Typepad ) , and the clicker ( the person who ultimately follows the shortened links ) .
Each is harmed to some extent by URL shortening .
The transit 's main problem with these systems is that a link that used to be transparent is now opaque and requires a lookup operation .
From my past experience with Delicious , I know that a huge proportion of shortened links are just a disguise for spam , so examining the expanded URL is a necessary step .
The transit has to hit every shortened link to get at the underlying link and hope that it does n't get throttled .
It also has to log and store every redirect it ever sees .
The publisher 's problems are milder .
It 's possible that the redirection steps steals search juice — I do n't know how search engines handle these kinds of redirects .
It certainly makes it harder to track down links to the published site if the publisher ever needs to reach their authors .
And the publisher may lose information about the source of its traffic .
But the biggest burden falls on the clicker , the person who follows the links .
The extra layer of indirection slows down browsing with additional DNS lookups and server hits .
A new and potentially unreliable middleman now sits between the link and its destination .
And the long - term archivability of the hyperlink now depends on the health of a third party .
The shortener may decide a link is a Terms Of Service violation and delete it .
If the shortener accidentally erases a database , forgets to renew its domain , or just disappears , the link will break .
If a top - level domain changes its policy on commercial use , the link will break .
If the shortener gets hacked , every link becomes a potential phishing attack .
There are usability issues as well .
The clicker can't even tell by hovering where a link will take them , which is bad form .
Some sites offer link previews , but there 's no way to make a preview preference stick globally across the many shortening services .
And just like ad networks , link shortening services could track a user 's behavior across many domains .
That makes the paranoid among us uncomfortable .
We hope the shortener never decides to add interstitials or otherwise " monetize " the link with ads , but we have no guarantee .
For these reasons , I feel that shorteners are bad for the ecosystem as a whole .
But what can be done to improve the situation ?
One important conclusion is that services providing transit ( or at least require a shortening service ) should at least log all redirects , in case the shortening services disappear .
If the data is as important as everyone seems to think , they should own it .
And websites that generate very long URLs , such as map sites , could provide their own shortening services .
Or , better yet , take steps to keep the URLs from growing monstrous in the first place .
You could guarantee that the shortened link is the one that was originally shortened by using a cryptographic hash .
But this causes URLs that are n't as short as is possible .
A variety of greasemonkey scripts resolve shortened URLs and replace them inline .
Finally , shortening services could provide archives of their entire database - but this raises all sorts of privacy concerns that I hesitate to even dig into .
The most likely , of course , is that we do n't do anything and that the great linkrot apocalypse causes all of modern culture to dissapear in a puff of smoke .
Hopefully .
With thanks to Maciej Ceglowski
Updates
A federal judge has dismissed a civil - rights lawsuit filed by a newspaper photographer who accused officers of illegally barring him from taking pictures at a freeway crash scene and handcuffing him when he persisted .
Oakland Tribune photographer Ray Chavez , 45 , said police officers had interfered with his right as a member of the press to cover news , specifically a car crash and the emergency response time .
He was " arrested and handcuffed without justification solely due to the exercise of First Amendment rights , " said his suit , filed in U.S. District Court .
But in a ruling Tuesday , U.S. District Judge Charles Breyer in San Francisco dismissed the suit , saying the media have no First Amendment right to be at an accident or crime scene if the general public is excluded .
Breyer said Chavez " does not offer any evidence that suggests that the general public had a right to exit their vehicles on the freeway and stand in the freeway to take photographs .
Moreover , common sense dictates that members of the general public are not allowed to exit their cars in the middle of the freeway to view an accident scene . "
Chavez said that he was " so disappointed with the judge 's decision . "
His attorney , Terry Gross , said he intends to file suit in state court , noting that Breyer did not address the issue of whether police might have violated a state law that allows the media access to " a menace to the public health or safety , " including accidents and disasters .
Chavez was driving north on Interstate 880 near the 29th Avenue exit in Oakland on May 4 , 2007 , when a car in front of him crashed and rolled over in the fast lane .
Chavez , wearing his press credential around his neck , got out of his car and began taking pictures , " considering this a spot news matter , " the suit said .
Oakland police Officer Kevin Reynolds told Chavez that he should leave , the suit said .
When Chavez replied that he had a right to be there as a member of the press , Reynolds angrily told him that he " did n't have any business here ( and ) that it was a crime scene , " the suit said .
After Chavez took photos of an arriving ambulance , Reynolds blocked his camera and told him , " You do n't need to take these kind of photos , " according to the suit .
Reynolds asked for Chavez 's identification and began writing him a citation , the suit said .
As a California Highway Patrol cruiser arrived , Chavez again took pictures .
That prompted Reynolds to say , " That 's it .
You 're under arrest , " the suit said .
The officer made Chavez sit next to the overturned car with his hands behind his back for half an hour , the suit said .
Passing motorists mistakenly believed Chavez had caused the crash and " cursed and made derogatory references to and signs at plaintiff while he sat on the ground handcuffed , " the suit said .
Oakland police Officer Cesar Garcia told Chavez that he would be cited for impeding traffic and failing to obey a lawful order .
The officers gave him the citation , removed the handcuffs and let him go , but not before Reynolds warned him , " Do n't ever come here again to take these kinds of photos , " the suit said .
Chavez was named photojournalist of the year in 2008 by the National Association of Hispanic Journalists .
He has been with the Tribune for 15 years .
The folks at Opera Software would like you to believe that Opera Unite , a new , experimental feature set for its Opera browser product , has " reinvented the Web . "
The company 's breathy , gushing press release is truly remarkable spin , even by the standards of dot - com PR .
But the way I see it , Opera Unite is hardly game - changing ; rather , it 's a Hail Mary bid for Opera to stay in the game -- in more ways than one .
That Opera is still around is impressive , in and of itself .
It takes guts to offer a proprietary , closed source browser in this market , where the competition consists of one of the most successful open source projects ever , two of the most powerful companies in the computer industry ( Microsoft and Google ) , and Apple .
Still , Opera 's strong support for open
Web standards has won favor with many developers , and its early focus on browsers for mobile handsets was prescient , to say the least .
[ How safe is your broswer ?
Find out how Chrome , Firefox , IE , Opera , and Safari stack up in InfoWorld Test Center 's guide to browser security |
Get the best of InfoWorld 's columnists and bloggers in our Today 's Blogs newsletter . ]
The value of this new initiative , however , is harder to see -- which might explain the hype overload .
The short description just sounds weird : Opera Unite is a Web server on the Web browser .
Ignoring for the moment that this is n't really groundbreaking -- even some vending machines have Web servers on them these days -- why on Earth would anyone want that ?
The browser gets social
Digging deeper , it becomes clear that the real appeal of Opera Unite lies not in the embedded Web server itself , but in the additional features Opera has built on top of it .
Although it can host your Web sites , Opera Unite also offers peer - to - peer file sharing , chat , a media player , photo sharing , and a " fridge " on which users can leave each other notes , among other features .
It 's not so much about Web publishing as it is about collaboration .
Are we stunned senseless yet ?
You old - timers will be forgiven for thinking this sounds like little more than an effort to kick - start what Tim Berners - Lee was calling " the read / write Web " years ago .
Newbies , on the other hand , will doubtless be reminded of something else :
This is all the stuff you get from social networks like Facebook and MySpace , only now it 's baked into the browser itself , rather than hosted on the Web .
As the old saying goes , when the only tool you have is a hammer , everything looks like a nail .
I guess we should n't be surprised that Opera -- a desktop software company -- sees desktop software as the best way to serve the public 's demand for social media .
But someone once told me that if , say , you want to write novels , it 's not enough to be as good as Stephen King .
We already have a Stephen King , and if someone wants a Stephen King book , they 'll buy one of his .
If you want to succeed , you have to be better than Stephen King -- and if that 's too daunting for you , you 're in the wrong business .
So what does Opera Unite do that will win users away from the existing social networks they already know and love ?
I wo n't leave you hanging on that one : I have no idea .
But it does n't surprise me that Opera would want to try something like this .
The stakes are simply too high .
Reintermediating the Internet
Remember back in the old days , when you used lots of different software ?
You had an e-mail client for sending e-mails and an IM client for when you wanted to chat .
Inviting a few friends to a party probably meant a mass e-mail , and if you wanted to share your vacation snaps you might have actually had some friends over for dinner and forced them to suffer through a slideshow .
Today , the Web has taken over all of these activities .
You can do all of the above with just one piece of software -- a Web browser -- and in many cases the Web UI is more efficient than the old way .
The upshot is that Web companies have inserted themselves as intermediaries into processes that never needed intermediaries before .
Once , I would have fired up my e-mail client to send an e-mail .
Today I let Google handle that function for me as a service -- and in return , I become a revenue stream for Google , thanks to AdWords .
When I post a photo to Flickr or organize an event with Evite , same deal .
I could still do things the old way , but the Web - based services are compelling enough that I do n't bother .
This is where the real money is .
Over at the Coding Horror blog , Jeff Atwood points out how URL shortening services are " destroying the Web " by inserting themselves as intermediaries in the simple act of pulling up a Web site in your browser .
Users already know what they want to do online ; the trick is to make sure they have to go through you to do it .
So where does that leave software vendors like Opera ?
On the one hand , Opera seems like it's in a good position , because it offers the one type of software that nobody can live without any longer .
On the other hand , the Opera browser 's aforementioned adherence to standards means it runs the risk of essentially becoming a commodity product .
When all browsers render pages the same , who cares which one you use ?
That 's where Opera Unite comes in .
It 's more than just extra features that other browsers do n't have .
Although Opera Unite claims to " directly link people 's personal computers together , " to use it you need an account on Opera 's servers , and all of your exchanges pass through Opera 's servers first .
That 's an effective way to get around technical difficulties like NAT firewalls , but more important , it makes Opera the intermediary in your social interactions -- not Facebook , not MySpace , but Opera .
Is this the future of the software industry -- where everything is a service and software is just a means to facilitate more services ?
I hope not , but the battle lines appear to be drawn .
If software vendors do n't become the intermediaries then the Web companies surely will -- so software vendors had better get cracking .
Court says English - only tests OK in schools EDUCATION Achievement and high school exit exams at issue
California is entitled to administer school achievement tests and high school exit exams in English to all students , including the nearly 1.6 million who speak limited English , a state appeals court ruled Thursday .
The First District Court of Appeal in San Francisco rejected arguments by bilingual - education groups and nine school districts that English - only exams violate a federal law 's requirement that limited - English - speaking students " shall be assessed in a valid and reliable manner . "
The federal law , the No Child Left Behind Act of 2002 , neither requires nor forbids testing in a student 's native language and leaves such decisions largely up to the states , the court said in a 3 - 0 ruling .
It noted that the U.S. Department of Education has approved the state Board of Education 's testing plans since 2002 , though department auditors recently suggested more accommodations for limited - English - speakers .
The law does not authorize a court to act as " the official second - guesser " of the reliability of a state 's testing methods , Justice Timothy Reardon said in Thursday 's ruling , which upheld a San Francisco judge 's 2007 decision .
He also said developing native - language tests would be difficult , because students in California speak at least 40 languages .
The state 's voters approved a ballot measure in 1998 that prohibits bilingual instruction except in limited cases , Reardon said , and testing students in their primary language " could send confusing messages throughout California 's education system . "
Marc Coleman , a lawyer for the school districts and advocacy groups , said they would consider an appeal to the state Supreme Court .
" The court dodges the essential issue in the lawsuit , which is : What is the testing supposed to measure ? " he said .
" If you do n't have to evaluate the testing , California gets a free pass on testing kids ( who ) do n't speak English , using tests that they have literally no evidence of their validity . "
No Child Left Behind requires states to test all students in math and reading or language arts once a year in grades three through eight , and at least once in grades 10 through 12 .
For students who speak limited English , the law requires " reasonable accommodations , " which can include extra time , use of dictionaries , and giving instructions in a student 's native language .
States can exempt students from the test during their first year in a U.S. school .
The law penalizes any school if any identified group of students falls short of state academic standards or fails to meet certain benchmarks for progress in any year .
The penalty for several years of noncompliance can include changes in a school 's administration .
The nine districts in Thursday 's case all have schools that have been penalized under the law , including one school that has been placed in trusteeship , Coleman said .
In California , students are tested annually in grades two through 11 and must pass an exit exam to get a high school diploma .
Anonymous blogging may not be protected by the courts in future The High Court has refused to preserve the anonymity of an award - winning policeman who has blogged about the force and government ministers .
Mr Justice Eady refused an injunction to prevent the Times identifying serving officer " Night Jack " , winner of an Orwell prize for blogging .
The judge said said blogging was " essentially a public rather than a private activity " .
Night Jack 's lawyer said preserving his anonymity was in the public interest .
Hugh Tomlinson QC said the thousands who communicated via the internet under a cloak of anonymity would be " horrified " to think the law would do nothing to protect their identities if someone carried out the necessary detective work to unmask them .
Local criminals
But the judge ruled any right of privacy on the part of the blogger would be likely to be outweighed by a countervailing public interest in revealing that a particular police officer had been making such contributions .
In his blog " Night Jack - An English Detective " the unnamed officer chronicled his working life in an unnamed UK town : descriptions of local criminals and his struggle with police bureaucracy .
Mr Justice Eady said the blog contained opinions on a number of social and political issues relating to the police and the administration of justice .
He added Night Jack had expressed strong opinions on matters of political controversy and had also criticised a number of ministers .
The judge said the blogger risked disciplinary action if his employers found out one of its officers was communicating to the public in such a way .
This was one of the main reasons why Night Jack was keen to maintain his anonymity , he added .
Entitled to know Rejecting the argument that all the blogger 's readers needed to know was that he was a serving police officer , the judge said that it was often useful , in assessing the value of an opinion or argument , to know its source .
" For so long as there is anonymity , it would obviously be difficult to make any such assessment .
" More generally , when making a judgment as to the value of comments made about police affairs by ' insiders ' , it may sometimes help to know how experienced or senior the commentator is . "
He did not accept that it was part of the court 's function to protect police officers who were , or thought they might be , acting in breach of police discipline regulations from coming to the attention of their superiors .
The public was entitled to know how police officers behaved and the newspaper 's readers were entitled to come to their own conclusions about whether it was desirable for officers to communicate such matters publicly .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
OpenOffice.org 3.1 released
From : " John McCreesh " < jpmcc-AT-openoffice.org >
To : announce - AT - openoffice.org Subject : [ ooo - announce ]
OpenOffice.org 3.1 is now available for download Date : Thu , 7 May 2009 07:11:03 +0100 ( BST ) Message - ID : <e20f94beed998fa17c2b82e7058c9b0b.squirrel@403lrw.homelinux.net >
Archive - link : Article , Thread
The OpenOffice.org Community is pleased to announce the general availability of OpenOffice.org 3.1 , a significant upgrade to the world 's leading open - source office productivity suite .
Since OpenOffice.org 3.0 was launched last October , over 60 million downloads have been recorded from the OpenOffice.org website alone .
Released in more than 90 languages and available as a free download on all major computing platforms , OpenOffice.org 3.1 looks set to break these records .
Thanks to all community members who have helped make this release possible .
Users of previous versions of OpenOffice.org were asked to vote for their ' most desired ' new features , and this wish list helped shape the new release .
The new release also includes a feedback mechanism where users can opt-in to supply feedback automatically to the developers about how they use OpenOffice.org .
The biggest single change ( half a million lines of code ! ) and the most visible is the major revamp of OpenOffice.org on - screen graphics .
Techies call it anti-aliasing - users just appreciate how much crisper graphics are on screen .
The improved look extends to other subtle changes , such as : how images display when they are being dragged , how selections of text are highlighted , and even adding the ability to overline text .
New core features include : Writer ( word processing ) * Improvements to comments : reply feature now supports ' conversations ' *
Further grammar checker integration * Outline levels within paragraphs for complex documents Calc ( spreadsheet ) *
Hot hints for formulae , with new and improved formulae available * Improved sorting * More performance bottlenecks removed *
The zoom slider added to the status bar * Rename sheets with a double - click Chart ( graphics engine ) *
Flexible positioning of axes for scientific and educational users * Flexible handling of " missing " data points Impress ( presentation ) *
Font size buttons Base ( database ) * SQL syntax highlighting * Easier deployment of macro applications Internationalization and Localization * Improved support for bidirectional scripts *
New locale support Behind the scenes , OpenOffice.org also now has a more capable file locking mechanism , enabling users to share files safely in a multi-user , multi-platform environment .
The guide to new features is available here : http://www.openoffice.org/dev_docs/features/3.1/index.html
Download OpenOffice.org 3.1 here : http://download.openoffice.org/
Read our Press Release : http://www.prweb.com/releases/OOo/31/prweb2388264.htm
---------------------------------------------------------------------
To unsubscribe , e-mail : announce-unsubscribe@openoffice.org
For additional commands , e-mail : announce-help@openoffice.org
By Clare Murphy
BBC News health reporter
Does CBeebies have a lot to answer for ?
New research suggests having the TV on may impair young children 's development by reducing the amount of conversation between infant and adult .
So how bad is the box for young minds ?
A US team recorded more than 300 children aged between two months and four years on several days every month over two years .
They found that when the TV was audible - either on in the background or being watched - the number of words spoken and sounds made by either adult or child reduced considerably .
It is the latest study to imply that delays in language development may be the fault of TV , a medium blamed for a host of other modern ills , from bullying to obesity .
But while it is not without its problems , experts warn that to expunge it from our children 's lives completely may be as undesirable as it is unrealistic .
Mixed picture Certainly there is a body of research building up that finds a correlation between heavy TV viewing at an early age and linguistic problems .
This study is the first to demonstrate that when the television is on , there is reduced speech in the home
Dimitri Christakis
Lead researcher
The exact nature of the relationship is unclear , and the role that family circumstances and other social influences play has not been established .
However lack of interaction at a personal level is thought to be a key culprit .
But there is equally evidence that , for those over two at least , monitored levels of age - appropriate programmes can in fact foster language skills and indeed improve attention .
Watching with an adult and discussing the contents after a shared experience has been found to be particularly beneficial , but not always necessary providing children are watching high - quality , tailored programmes which contain familiar words and scenarios .
Indeed some psychologists argue that , given young children cannot read their own books or surf the internet , watching may be an empowering experience that gives them access to other worlds which present useful information in a way their parents may not be able to .
But there are some serious caveats : what appears to be particularly undesirable is the viewing of general audience or adult programmes both alone or in the company of a carer .
National Literacy Trust 's TV tips Limit TV time to one hour for 3 - 5 year olds
Where possible , watch together Switch off when finished Encourage imaginative play based on what was watched Videos / dvds may be better due to repetition of words Avoid TV in the bedroom
In addition while some TV may be beneficial for the over twos , the evidence for those younger is more shaky .
First words , it is argued , are learnt far more effectively from real people than voices on the TV .
In the US , the American Academy of Paediatrics recommends no exposure to TV and computer screens for those under two , but lack of evidence for such a measure means there is no such policy in the UK .
Constant hum
This latest study into TV 's effect on children comes from the University of Washington 's Dimitri Christakis , the researcher who made headlines after reporting that infants who watched the Baby Einstein series - a set of programmes billed as educational - learnt fewer new words than those who did not .
His new study did not differentiate between TV being watched or background TV , nor did it examine the kind of programmes that were on .
But it did find that overall , adults barely spoke to children when the TV was audible .
Research published last year also in the US also found problems with background TV , concluding that it affected both the quality and quantity of play in young children .
Liz Attenborough , director of Talk to Your Baby at the UK's National Literacy Trust , agrees that the permanent presence of the TV in the background is something parents should try to reduce .
" Even if you think you 're not paying attention to it , you probably are - and this may well interfere with how much you speak to your child .
The TV should n't be on all the time .
" But we are lucky to have some high - quality children 's programmes in the UK .
They are usually well thought - out , often featuring a clear , single voice , and incite children to make responses , " she said .
" Of course we need to be aware of the problems TV can pose , but equally we do n't want to throw the baby out with the bathwater . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Whoever thought Internet search engines would be engaged in a battle to the death to show how much they loved the gays ?
Okay , “ death ” might be stretching it .
But while The Google is merely changing a blue line to a rainbow line on certain gay - related searches , Yahoooooooooooooooooooooo has gone all out with its own Pride section , featuring gay news , a pride celebration locator , and a historical timeline of the gay civil rights movement .
But what are the other search engines doing ?
Bing ’s got nothing , Ask.com does n’t care , Mahalo is static , and Wolfram| Alpha “ is n’t sure what to do with your input . ”
Looks like Yahoo is the clear winner !
Here Comes the Video Shakeout : Joost Scales Down , CEO Mike Volpi Steps Out
Here ’s the beginning of the inevitable online video shakeout : Joost , the once - hyped video service that was supposed to rival Google ’s ( GOOG ) YouTube , is restructuring to focus on “ white label ” services , i.e. , a back end for other video players .
The service is laying off the majority of its employees , and CEO Mike Volpi ( pictured right ) is out , replaced by Matt Zelesko , who had been SVP of engineering .
The Joost.com portal site will stay open , but best to think of it as an ad for the company ’s hosting and distribution services , which it will try to sell to cable companies and the like .
A Joost spokesperson declined to say how deep the layoffs will be ; but I ’m told that the company , which had more than 100 employees last fall , will be down to a couple dozen after the cuts are done .
In a post on Joost ’s Web site , Volpi said the company “ will say goodbye to many of our colleagues and friends . ”
This is n’t a shock : Joost ’s fate has been the subject of whisper and rumors for the last year or more .
The service made an initial splash in 2007 by raising $ 45 million from the founders of Skype and an array of high - profile investors and media companies , including Sequoia Capital and Viacom ( VIA ) , and was initially supposed to deliver copyrighted content via a peer - to - peer distribution system and a player that users downloaded to their desktops .
But YouTube , and later Hulu , conditioned users to watch video via their browsers , and Joost ’s software never caught on .
By last fall , the company had retooled and began offering video via the browser like everyone else , but it has never been able to generate a significant audience .
In November , a month after the company launched its Web browser , it said it was attracting 2.1 million unique users world - wide , a fraction of YouTube ’s audience , and well behind rivals like Hulu , MetaCafe , Veoh and DailyMotion .
Here ’s the service ’s unique visitor count , per Comscore ( SCOR ) ; Joost ’s unique viewer count , which is the more relevant metric for video sites , is considerably smaller ( click to enlarge ) :
Joost has been a frequent candidate for buyout rumors , and the company has n’t gone out of its way to deny them .
The supposed buyers would be cable companies like Comcast ( CMCSA ) Time Warner Cable ( TWC ) or telcos like AT&T ( T ) and Verizon ( VZ ) , which would presumably use Joost ’s technical team to help build out their own Web video plays .
But some of the cable guys and telcos insist that they ’re fine with the people they have .
And if they do want to buy a video player , they have plenty of options :
Just about all of Joost ’s peers have been on the block , formally or informally , for the past few months .
- video encodings still in process -
Wonder if he drank some EVIAN
Go figure !!!
More corruption over at the Federal Reserve Bank .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Prostate cancer kills 10,000 men in the UK each year Researchers are probing an unexpected success in a study of an experimental treatment for prostate cancer .
In three men with advanced disease , use of an immune drug called ipilimumab , shrank their tumours to such an extent surgeons were able to operate .
The Mayo Clinic team in the US said the " startling " results in the study of 108 men had prompted them to set up a second trial using higher doses .
One UK expert said there were currently few treatments for advanced disease .
In men with advanced prostate cancer , which has spread outside the prostate , surgery cannot usually be done .
If these early and small scale results are replicated in larger trials , this represents a potentially very exciting development
John Neate , The Prostate Cancer Charity Hormone therapy is usually given to try to shrink the tumour to some degree and buy some time .
The trial was set up to see if MDX - 010 , a type of drug called a monoclonal antibody , would improve on hormone treatment .
The idea is that the drug will encourage a strong immune response to attack the cancer cells .
Half the men had normal therapy and half also received MDX - 010 .
In three cases , where the experimental drug was given , the tumours shrank dramatically , enabling surgeons to operate and remove the tumour .
There are 20 other patients who are showing improvements and who are being monitored by the surgeons .
' Preliminary ' Dr Eugene Kwon , a surgeon at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , said the results in those men were well beyond their expectations .
" Our surgeons had never seen this happen before and we were really taken by surprise . "
They are now planning a trial in 30 men to test higher doses of the drug and hope to start much larger trials across many hospitals shortly after .
Dr Michael Blute , study leader and the surgeon involved said : " I had never seen anything like this before .
I had a hard time finding the cancer .
" At one point the pathologist ( who was working during surgery ) asked if we were sending him samples from the same patient . "
Until large scale studies are carried out it is unclear whether this response can be repeated in other patients or is an anomaly .
But John Neate , chief executive of The Prostate Cancer Charity said they would wait for further results with anticipation .
" If a cancerous tumour has spread beyond the prostate gland , it would currently be regarded as inoperable and alternative types of treatment , typically hormone therapy are necessary .
" If these early and small scale results are replicated in larger trials , this represents a potentially very exciting development .
" We urgently need a wider range of treatment options for prostate cancer which has spread outside the prostate gland .
" It must be remembered that this is a small trial however , and the findings are preliminary . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - A woman who inherited some Chinese carved jade from her father has scored the first $ 1 million appraisal from experts on the U.S. television program “ Antiques Roadshow , ” the producers said on Monday .
File image shows some samples of Chien Lung jade carvings at the National Palace Museum in Taipei .
REUTERS / Richard Chung
In a record for the show , four pieces of Chinese carved jade and celadon from the Chien Lung Dynasty ( 1736 - 1795 ) , including a large bowl crafted for the Emperor , were given a conservative auction estimate of up to $ 1.07 million .
“ For 13 years , we ’ve been hoping to feature a million - dollar appraisal on ‘ Antiques Roadshow ; ’ it ’s been our ‘ Great White Whale , ’ ” executive producer Marsha Bemko said .
“ We ’re thrilled that , despite this year ’s slow economy , ‘ Roadshow ’ finally captured this elusive trophy , ” she said in a statement released by Boston - based production company WGBH , which licensed the format from the British show of the same name produced by the BBC .
On both shows , members of the public bring in items to be appraised by professionals in the hope of discovering that junk from the attic is actually a valuable treasure .
A spokeswoman said the appraisal was a record for the U.S. show , which is not affiliated with the BBC original .
According to British media , the BBC ’s version had its first million pound appraisal ( $ 1.655 million ) last November -- a scale model of Anthony Gormley ’s artwork , “ The Angel of the North . ”
The statement said the owner of the jade inherited the collection from her father , who bought the objects in the 1930s and 1940s , while stationed in China as a military liaison .
She brought them to an “ Antiques Roadshow ” event in Raleigh , North Carolina on Saturday .
Asian arts appraiser James Callahan said the fine quality of the pieces indicated they were not made for tourists .
“ He was rewarded by finding a mark on the bottom of the jade bowl that translates as ‘ by Imperial order , ’ ” the statement said .
The previous highest appraisal on the show was a 1937 painting by American Abstract Expressionist artist Clyfford Still , found in Palm Springs , California , in 2008 .
The painting had been given a retail estimate of $ 500,000 .
The appraisal of the jade items will be shown in the next series of “ Antiques Roadshow ” starting January 4 on PBS , the producers said .
The most massive black hole collision ever detected has been directly observed by the LIGO and VIRGO Scientific Collaboration , ...
This is a ( personal ) list of articles dealing with unit testing that I like .
I have chosen to include material that is longer than the usual ( short ) blog posting .
I encourage readers to give more objectivity to this subjective set by submitting in the comments what they preferred ;o )
Test Flexibly with AspectJ and Mock Objects
Automation for the People : Continuous testing
Exploring The Continuum Of Test Doubles
Unit Testing With C#
End to End , or , Another Run on the Hamster Wheel of Life
In Pursuit of Code Quality : Unit Testing Ajax Applications
Apply Test - Driven Development to your Database Projects
What It Means to Mock : Isolating Units for Testing
Unit testing and Test Driven Development ( TDD ) for Flex and ActionScript 3.0
Unit testing Web 2.0 applications using the Dojo Objective Harness
A Guide to Testing Rails Applications
Additional unit testing article resources
TestDriven.com – Articles Directory
IBM DeveloperWorks
Quality Assurance Links Directory – Articles Section
Software Development Articles , Unit Testing Section
SQA Zone – Articles Directory
An Interview With Tom Daschle
Tom Daschle was almost the Obama administration 's health czar before tax problems foiled his nomination .
But in the months since he withdrew from the White House , he 's not abandoned health care .
This week , he was back in the news :
He released a proposal for reform that was co-signed by Bob Dole and Howard Baker , and reports emerged quoting him saying that the public plan option could be sacrificed for the good of health - care reform .
Last night , we talked about his new plan , his support for the public option , and whether Democrats should use the reconciliation process .
A lightly edited transcript follows .
Tell me a bit about the genesis of this proposal .
The whole idea with the Bipartisan Policy Center is for four former majority leaders to come together and see what common ground we can find on common issues .
This was one of the biggest projects we 've ever done .
A lot of people will look at it and say , well , that 's a bit late , is n't it ?
Why did n't they come to an agreement back when they were serving together ?
I think the answer is , first , we did n't all serve together .
Bob Dole and George Mitchell and I worked together on this 15 years ago and failed .
The question is what we learned .
And what we laid out yesterday was the answer .
The realization first and foremost that universal coverage was a goal we have to embrace was n't true 15 years ago .
But the real issue is that the three major problems in health -- access , quality , and cost -- have gotten so much worse than 15 years ago .
We all agree now that whatever we propose will be superior to the status quo .
Reading the final plan , it struck me as a pretty pure collision of philosophies .
It 's what would happen if some smart Republicans and smart Democrats locked themselves in a room and hammered this thing out .
How different was the process from the one you experienced inside the Senate ?
How much , in other words , are electoral , partisan and interest - driven incentives a force versus simple philosophical beliefs ?
Something happens within the legislative bodies that changes the chemistry between parties and among members .
I wish I knew what it was completely .
I think it 's true almost across the board that I 've gotten closer to every leader who I worked with actively since I left .
Bob Dole , Trent Lott , Newt Gingrich .
I only wish you could somehow create that camaraderie and trust and friendship that seems to come so much harder when you 're in active , combative politics .
What do you think about these CBO scores we 've been seeing ?
Things seem to be hitting some snags in the Senate .
That 's only a partial score .
I wish that would 've been better understood .
It was only a partial score because it was only a partial submission .
But scoring will always be a problem .
First , we 're confined to 10 years , and so many of the savings come after 10 years .
So we 've arbitrarily made it more difficult .
I could make a very good case on a 20 - year score , but it 's not the budget rule , so no one will accept it .
You can get to neutrality .
It is doable .
But all of it involves pain .
Political pain and policy pain , but nonetheless , you can get there .
It just wo n't be easy .
One thing that struck me in all of the CBO scores is that -- you mentioned pain a second ago .
If you do n't make hard , tough , and painful decisions about policy -- decisions that affect the center of the health - care system -- then your proposal is scored as too expensive .
Which also makes passage hard and tough and painful , and forces the hard , tough , and painful decisions of cutting coverage .
It 's a rock and a hard place .
That 's precisely right .
That 's the problem .
It is a rock and a hard place .
You made headlines the other day for dismissing the need for a public plan .
Want to talk a bit more on that ?
I do n't know where that came from .
We 've been pushing back on that all day .
I did n't say that .
I have said emphatically I support a public plan .
A Medicare - for - all public plan .
Any federal plan .
For all the reasons that have been made for years .
It 's important for cost , for choice , for competition , for popularity .
I strongly support it .
What I did say is that I 'm willing to compromise on most things to bring the package across the line .
The plan we agreed to yesterday was that states could offer public plans with a federal fall back .
That 's not my first , second , or third choice .
But given the concessions my colleagues made on universal coverage and an employer mandate and everything else , that 's the essence of compromise .
To focus on that for a moment , for all the controversy around this issue , I think a lot of liberals do n't understand why they should have to sacrifice it .
After all , private insurers are n't exactly covered in glory , and a Wall Street Journal poll just today showed that three - fourths of Americans support the policy .
This is one time when it makes good politics and good policy .
There are two groups primarily opposed to it .
Many of the stakeholders view it as real cost cutting .
As a result , they 're worried about that competition .
A lot of other stakeholders are concerned about feeling the effects of a cost constraint .
I 've said this , and no one has ever disputed it , that I 've never seen a study that did n't say the public plan would reduce costs .
And we hear so much about costs , and here we are taking it off the table .
The other group is this ideological group of Republicans and conservatives who see it as government intrusion they simply can't support .
It 's an ideological basis that I will never understand but that that 's what it is .
When we talked long ago , you were a proponent of using the reconciliation process for health reform .
What do you think of that now ?
I think it 's still the only real fallback legislative strategy we 've got .
We 're going to try and work this through the policy track as long as we can .
I think that gives us until September .
But if it fails by then , we move to the budget process .
I think Kent Conrad brings up practical reasons why it 's not our first choice .
But I would take the reconciliation process , even with its shortcomings , over no process at all .
Photo credit : Charles Dharapak -- Associated Press Photo .
Read more on BAC at In a verdict that could have far - reaching implications for elderly and disabled bank customers , the California Supreme Court ruled this week that banks can tap Social Security benefits in bank accounts to cover bounced - check fees .
The decision , in the Miller v. Bank of America case , effectively reverses a 2004 San Francisco trial court ruling ordering the bank to pay at least $ 284.4 million in damages to more than 1.1 million customers .
Spokeswoman Shirley Norton says the verdict confirms that BofA " has always acted lawfully in maintaining and balancing its customer accounts . "
James Sturdevant , the lawyer who brought the case against BofA ( BAC ) , says the opinion " condemns the most vulnerable bank consumers to predatory practices . "
The Center for Responsible Lending , an advocacy group , has found that consumers heavily dependent on Social Security income pay $ 1 billion in overdrafts a year .
Most overdrafts are triggered by small - dollar debit card transactions , says Eric Halperin , director of the center 's Washington office .
The California ruling — along with a 2002 federal verdict in Lopez v. Washington Mutual Bank favoring the thrift — could make it more daunting to challenge banks ' ability to deduct overdraft fees from government benefits .
" It will make plaintiffs pause at least in bringing other cases , " says Greg Taylor , associate general counsel at the American Bankers Association , a trade group .
But Margot Saunders , counsel for the National Consumer Law Center , says the Supreme Court ruling merely " interprets a California statute " and does n't prevent similar cases from moving forward elsewhere .
It also wo n't stymie general lawsuits dealing with overdrafts , she says .
BofA , in an unrelated overdraft case , recently agreed to a $ 35 million settlement .
The lawsuit alleged the bank processed transactions and provided account information in a way that increased overdraft fees .
In settling , the bank denied the claims and said it fully complied with the law .
Federal law generally prohibits creditors from seizing Social Security or other government benefits to pay a debt .
But California law says overdraft charges are not debt .
The highest state court viewed the bank account as " a running tally of debits and credits , " entitling banks to deduct overdraft charges , says Daniel Bussel , law professor at UCLA .
The U.S. government sided with BofA .
The government said if banks are not able to tap Social Security benefits for overdraft charges , they may restrict electronic deposits , which could force the government to issue costly paper checks .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Ciudad de M�xico | Mi�rcoles 10 de junio de 2009
Noem� Guti�rrez | El Universal
13:08
Mart�n Faz More , de �sta organizaci�n , explic� que ante el desencanto de la ciudadan �a proponen a esta candidata virtual , para no desperdiciar los votos .
Dijo que est�n en contra del voto nulo , pero votar por una candidata como " Esperanza Marchita " , ser� considerado un sufragio v�lido y un llamado de atenci�n a los partidos y al IFE para que acepte candidaturas independientes y ciudadanas .
David Herrer�a de propuesta c�vica en Guanajuato , convoc� a los ciudadanos que no est�n de acuerdo con ninguno de los candidatos que postulan los partidos pol�ticos a que se sumen a esta campa�a .
Dentro de las propuestas est� el impulsar la reducci�n del financiamiento de los partidos pol�ticos en 50 % ; modificar los mecanismos de integraci�n de las listas de diputados plurinominales ; promover la figura del " voto por ninguno " , y disminuir salarios a legisladores .
lob
Writing buggy applications is a cinch - - for decades , the world 's software developers have been proving that with just about every program they release .
Truly interesting bugs , however , are a relatively rare breed .
I 'm talking about the kind that cause technology products and services to stop working for extended periods , or that prompt them to behave as if they were possessed or harbored grudges against the humans who use them .
And even though the bugs themselves usually stem from mundane errors such as typos or faulty math , their symptoms are anything but boring .
For this story , I rounded up nine truly peculiar bugs that bedeviled customers of some of the largest providers of software and services on the planet .
( I did n't cover ones with catastrophic side effects such as explosions or the death of human beings ; Simson Garfinkel discusses some of those in this creepy good read at Wired.com .
Of course , when it comes to bugs , Windows occupies a category of its own , as you 'll see in " The Worst Windows Flaws of the Past Decade . "
And sometimes the problem is n't a mistake so much as a really bad idea from the beginning ; see " The 25 Worst Tech Products of All Time " and " The 10 Dumbest Tech Products So Far . " )
I began my research intending to cover the whole PC era , but I quickly discovered that most of the strangest bugs have appeared in recent years .
As a matter of fact , the three wackiest ones in my list -- involving Google 's Android OS , Microsoft 's Zune , and Google itself - - all cropped up in just the past few months .
I 'm not sure if software is getting buggier , but I am pretty certain that bugs are getting weirder .
Our first bug , however , dates from a simpler time .
One in which it did n't occur to software companies to do things like encrypt intensely sensitive information ...
1995 : Many Unhappy Returns
The bizarre symptom : Intuit 's MacInTax ( a program later replaced by TurboTax ) was designed to let Mac users file their taxes .
But the version for the 1994 tax season had another feature , discovered by one taxpayer :
It allowed any customer with a little telecommunications knowledge to dial in to a computer where 60,000 tax returns sat unprotected .
Once in , a user could view any return , make changes , or simply erase the return entirely .
The bug : MacInTax was bundled with a debug utility intended to help customers diagnose modem problems .
The utility dialed in to a server operated by an Intuit subcontractor .
The utility used an account name and password that were n't encrypted or otherwise obscured , and that granted anyone who stumbled across them complete access to MacInTax users ' data .
Intuit called the glitch " an oversight " -- no kidding !-- and apologized .
The company offered to pay any penalties suffered by anyone whose return encountered problems as a consequence .
1998 : Auction Interruptus
The bizarre symptom : On June 10 , eBay -- then , as now , the world 's dominant online auction site -- suffered an outage .
Nothing remarkable about that : Throughout the late 1990s , the company 's sellers and bidders frequently faced unscheduled downtime .
But this outage just kept going and going .
By the time the site recovered on June 11 , 22 hours had passed and 2.3 million auctions in progress were compromised , forcing eBay to waive a small fortune in fees .
The bug : eBay blamed the meltdown on a corrupted database , and it blamed the corrupted database on buggy Sun Microsystems software .
Fourteen months later , the site had a 14 - hour outage that was nearly as embarrassing and costly ; that time , the company said that hardware problems were to blame .
2005 : Surprise Ending
The bizarre symptom : Did you ever suspect that TiVo 's mascot -- a tiny anthropomorphic TV with a lopsided grin -- has a sadistic side ?
You might have if you owned one of the company 's DVRs back in late 2005 .
That was when couch potatoes began to notice that their TiVos were randomly chopping large chunks off the end of shows , turning many a program with a suspenseful conclusion into a permanent cliffhanger .
The bug :
The company took a while to respond , but eventually it concluded that the truncated recordings affected only Series 2 TiVos that had been running continuously for extended periods .
Initially it advised owners to power their DVRs off and then on again occasionally , and later it issued a patch designed to eradicate the problem permanently .
2006 : Game Over
The bizarre symptom :
You could say that Bubble Bobble Revolution , a Nintendo DS remake of the 1980s arcade classic Bubble Bobble , was a surprisingly tough game .
Level 30 , for instance , was unbeatable - - literally .
That was a trifle odd given that the game boasted a total of 100 levels .
The bug :
As in many arcade - style games , Bubble Bobble Revolution levels ended by challenging the player to defeat an überenemy , known as a boss .
But level 30 had no boss to defeat , and therefore no way to continue to level 31 .
Months later , publisher Codemasters replaced defective cartridges with a debugged version -- and threw in another game , Rainbow Islands Revolution , by way of apology .
WELCOME TO THE INDEPENDENT CURRICULUM PAGES , PRESENTED BY ONE SCHOOLHOUSE
Independent Curriculum is a concept and a set of principles focused on the development of student learning experiences based on the mission and values of each school and community and intentionally designed to serve the students of the particular school .
Educators committed to the ideals of Independent Curriculum share a vision of education transformed to
* place student interests , perspectives , experiences , needs , capacities , and voices at the heart of the academic program ;
* incorporate multiple modes and methods to assess student learning ;
* support student wellness and balanced lives for all community members ;
* build a world of equity and justice through learning experiences and environments that acknowledge global and personal realities and the need for social change ;
* promote the essential idea that learning can be both an end in itself and a doorway to the discovery of purpose .
Independent Curriculum Pages are dedicated to supporting schools by providing opportunities to showcase examples of independent curriculum through our Podcast webinars our blog .
Theare dedicated to supporting schools by providing opportunities to showcase examples of independent curriculum through ourseries and our , where teacher experts share their own best classroom ideas and practices .
Thinkers and writers concerned with the ideals and practice of independent curriculum have an open invitation to submit posts to
Independent Curriculum includes :
* Supporting innovation in teaching and learning
* Promoting dialogue between educators in all sectors and at all levels
* Facilitating collaboration among schools
* Providing professional learning for educators
* Supporting schools in all aspects of their operations in the service of teachers , students , and families
The work is not about us .
It ’s about educators and schools pushing forward to create new , more effective , and more engaging ways of teaching students and developing the educational professionals we need to transform education .
Your school is invited to join the One Schoolhouse community .
Learn more about this opportunity HERE
One Schoolhouse Professional Learning page HERE .
And be sure to bookmark the
THE PRINCIPLES OF INDEPENDENT CURRICULUM
The PRINCIPLES OF INDEPENDENT CURRICULUM exist to guide and inspire schools and educators in their quest to build the future of education .
They are aspirational , broadly prescriptive but not proscriptive , idealistic but achievable .
They are not a “ litmus test ” for participation in our work but an expression of what independent curriculum adherents believe that effective school - created , student - focused learning experiences can and should be .
I. RESPONSIVE TO THE INTERESTS , CAPACITIES , AND ASPIRATIONS OF THE STUDENTS BEING TAUGHT
II . CONGRUENT WITH THE MISSION AND VALUES OF THE SCHOOL
III .
MULTIPLE MODES OF ASSESSMENT
IV .
BUILT ON THE STRENGTHS OF THE FACULTY AND SCHOOL
V. HIGH INTELLECTUAL AND ETHICAL STANDARDS
VI . INCLUSIVE AND JUST
VII .
EXPLORATION AND CREATIVITY
VIII .
WELLNESS AND BALANCE
IX . LEARNING A VALUE IN ITSELF
Latest Independent Curriculum Blog posts
Latest Independent Curriculum ( @indycurriculum )
Tweets
Vice President Joe Biden told us this week that the Obama administration “ misread how bad the economy was ” in the immediate aftermath of the inauguration .
Puh - leeze .
Mr. Biden and President Obama won the election because the economy was cratering so badly there were fears we might be entering another depression .
No one understood that better than the two of them .
Mr. Obama tried to clean up the vice president ’s remarks by saying his team had n’t misread what was happening , but rather “ we had incomplete information . ”
That does n’t hold water , either .
The president has got the second coming of the best and the brightest working for him down there in Washington ( think of Larry Summers as the latter - day Robert McNamara ) , and they ’re crunching numbers every which way they can .
They ’ve got more than enough data .
They understand the theories and the formulas as well as anyone .
But they ’re not coming up with the right answers because they ’re missing the same thing that McNamara and his fellow technocrats were missing back in the 1960s : the human equation .
The crisis staring America in its face and threatening to bring it to its knees is unemployment .
Joblessness .
Why it is taking so long  seemingly forever  for our government officials to recognize the scope of this crisis and confront it directly is beyond me .
Told her about my years in Congress and early years in the governorship , of different adventure trips , of leaving and traveling different places .
Because what I have found in this job is that one desperately needs a break from the bubble wherein every word , every moment is recorded -- just to completely ....
And I told her of adventure trips both in college -- I was a campus representative for Eastern Airlines and could fly free , which meant I 'd fly different places around the world ; get myself a job ; carry a hundred dollars emergency money , and either find a job there with the locals and come back , or come on home .
GOV .
SANFORD : She 's not here ?
OK .
I had a conversation with Gina Smith this morning when I arrived in Atlanta , and I told her about my love of the Appalachian Trail .
And I used to organize hiking trips , actually , when I was in high school .
I would get a soccer coach or a football coach to act as chaperone , and then I 'd get folks to pay me 60 bucks each , or whatever it was , to take the trip , and then off we'd go and have these great adventures on the Appalachian Trail .
GOV .
MARK SANFORD : OK .
You all ready ?
Everybody ready ?
I wo n't begin in any particular spot .
Let me just start with -- I do n't see -- where 's Gina Smith ?
( UPDATE : 10:32 p.m. South Carolina Carolina First Lady Jenny Sanford issued a statement tonight on her husband 's confession and revealing they have a trial separation underway .
Her full text is available here . )
... break .
And I 've found that to be true in trips to the farm or in trips other places further afield .
And all of those things were true .
I talked about the profound frustrations that I felt over this last legislative session in the battle that was in place with regard to the stimulus package , the $ 700 million in play , and how at an emotional level I found it exhausting .
I tried to make as good a stand as I could -- not for a further political office .
What was interesting was , it was always viewed as , " You 're doing this to climb some further political office . "
It was always based on that idea , that I genuinely believed that that action would be bad for the
taxpayers and made the stand as I did .
So all those things we talked about this morning were true , but they 're not the whole story .
And that 's obviously why everybody 's gathered here right now .
And so , let me lay out that larger story that has attracted so many of you all here .
I 'm a bottom - line kind of -- kind of guy .
I 'll lay it out .
It 's going to hurt .
And we 'll let the chips fall where they may .
In so doing , let me first of all apologize to my wife Jenny and our four great boys , Marshall , Landon , Bolton and Blake , for letting them down .
One of the primary roles , well before being a governor , is
being a father to those four boys , who are absolute jewels and blessings , that I 've let down in a profound way .
And I apologize to them .
And I do n't like apologizing in this realm , but given the immediacy of y'all 's wanting to visit and my proximity to them , this is the first step in what will be a very long process on that front .
I would secondly say to Jenny , anybody who has observed her over the last 20 years of my life knows how closely she has stood by my side in campaign after campaign after campaign , in literally being my campaign manager and in the raising of those four boys and in a whole host of other things throughout the lives that we 've built together .
I would also apologize to my staff , because as much as I did talk about going to the Appalachian Trail , that was one of the original scenarios that I 'd thrown out to Mary Neil ( sp ) , that is n't what -- where I ended up .
And so I let them down by creating a fiction with regard to where I was going , which means that I had then , in turn , given as much as they relied on that information , let down people that I represent across this state .
And so I want to apologize to my staff and I want to apologize to anybody who lives in South Carolina for the way that I let them down on that front .
I want to apologize to good friends .
Tom Davis came over to the house .
He drove up from Beaufort .
And he has been an incredibly dear friend for a very long time .
In my first race for governor , he moved
up and he lived in the basement of our house for six months .
We called it Jurassic Park because it was the kids ' dinosaur sheets and all kinds of different folks were living there in the campaign .
And he gave of his time and his talent and his effort for ideas that he believed in , to try and make a difference in those ideas .
And so I , in a very profound way , have let down the Tom Davises of the world .
On the ride over here , I called the house , and in the background I could hear my parents - in - laws , who 'd come up to be with Jenny , and I 've let them down .
I had the most , you know , surreal of
conversations a number of weeks ago with my father - in - law , laying some of the cards on the table .
And he was incredibly gentlemanly , as you cannot imagine , in saying here were some things that I was struggling with -- in regard to where my heart was , where I was in life , those different kinds of things .
And I let him down .
I 've let down a lot of people .
That 's the bottom line .
And I let them down -- and in every instance , I would ask their forgiveness .
Forgiveness is not an immediate process ; it is , in fact , a process that takes time .
And I 'll be in that process for quite some weeks and months and , I suspect , years ahead .
But I 'm here because if you were to look at God 's laws , they 're in every instance designed to protect people from themselves .
I think that that is the bottom line of God 's law , that it 's not a moral ,
rigid list of do's and don'ts just for the heck of do's and don'ts .
It is indeed to protect us from ourselves .
And the biggest self of self is , indeed , self ; that sin is , in fact , grounded in this notion of what is it that I want as opposed to somebody else ?
And in this regard , let me throw one more apology out there , and that is to people of faith across South Carolina , or for that matter , across the nation , because I think that one of the big disappointments
when -- believe it or not , I 've been a person of faith all my life .
If somebody falls within the fellowship of believers or the walk of faith , I think it makes it that much harder for believers to say , " Well , where was that person coming from ? " or folks that were n't believers to say , " Where indeed was that person coming from ? "
So one more apology in there .
But I guess where I 'm trying to go with this is that there are moral absolutes and that God 's law indeed is there to protect you from yourself , and there are consequences if you breach that .
This press
conference is a consequence .
And so the bottom line is this : I have been unfaithful to my wife .
I developed a relationship with a -- what started out as a dear , dear friend from Argentina .
It began very innocently , as I suspect many of these things do , in just a casual e-mail back and forth , in advice on one 's life there and advice here .
But here recently over this last year , it developed into something much more than that .
And as a consequence , I hurt her .
I hurt you all .
I hurt my wife .
I hurt my boys .
I hurt friends like Tom Davis .
I hurt a lot of different folks .
And all I can say is that I apologize .
I -- I -- I would ask for y'all 's -- I guess I 'm not deserving of indulgence , but indulgence not for me , but for Jenny and the boys
You know , there are a team of cameras and crews and all those sorts of things camped out down at Sullivan 's Island .
And I would just ask for a zone of privacy , if not for me , for her and the boys .
As we go through this process of working through this , there are going to be some hard decisions to be made , to be dealt
with , and those are probably not best dealt with through the prism of television cameras and media headlines .
You know , I 'm committed to that process of walking through with Jenny , the boys , with the Tom Davises of the world , with the people of South Carolina , in -- in saying where do we go from here .
I --
( pause ) -- I would simply say I go back to that simple word of asking for forgiveness .
I -- just as a declarative statement , one more , before we open up for a couple questions , and then I 'll move on .
You know , I 've tried to think of , you know , first -- one of the first steps is clearing more out time as we go through this process of reconciliation , of figuring out what comes next .
I 'm going to resign as chairman of Republican Governors Association .
I 'm going to tender my resignation , one , because I think it 's the appropriate thing to do , given other governors across this nation and my role as chairman of the RGA ; and two , frankly , just from the standpoint of time .
You know , if I think about this process , not only does it begin at a family level , it begins with the family of South Carolinians .
And so that means me going one by one and town by town to talk to a lot of old friends across this state in -- in what I 've done and , indeed , asking for their forgiveness .
That 'll take time , time that I probably can't devote to the RGA .
Questions ?
Q Governor --
Q Governor , what happens next two weeks ?
Q -- are you trying to reconcile with Jenny ?
GOV .
SANFORD : I 'm sorry ?
Q Are you trying to reconcile with Jenny ?
GOV .
SANFORD : I am , yeah .
Q Are you separated -- you have not separated ?
GOV .
SANFORD : What 's that ?
Q Are you separated from the first lady ?
GOV .
SANFORD : I -- I do n't know how you want to define that .
I mean , I 'm here and she 's there .
I guess in a formal sense we 're not .
But you know , what we 're -- what we 're trying to do is work through
something that , you know , we 've been working through for a number of months now .
Q Are you --
Q Did your wife and your family know about the affair before the trip to Argentina ?
GOV .
SANFORD : Yeah .
Q Are you --
Q For how long --
GOV .
SANFORD : We -- we -- we 've been -- we 've been working through this thing for about the last five months .
I 've been to a lot of different -- I was part of a group called C Street when I was in Washington .
It was a , believe it or not , a Christian Bible study ; some folks that asked of members of Congress hard questions that I think were very , very important .
And I 've been working with them .
I see Cubby Culbertson in the back of the room .
I would consider him a spiritual giant and -- ( cross talk ) --
GOV .
SANFORD : -- hang on -- and an incredibly dear friend .
And he has been helping us work through this over these last five months .
And Cubby , I want to say thank you for being there as a friend .
Q Why did you -- ( Cross talk . )
Q ( Off mike ) -- the first and only time you 've been unfaithful ?
Q ( Off mike ) -- are you considering that ?
GOV .
SANFORD : No .
What 's that ?
Q The first and only time you 've been unfaithful ?
GOV .
SANFORD : Yes .
Q/ STAFF (? ) : Yes .
GOV .
SANFORD : Yes .
Q Were you alone in Argentina ?
Q Did you break off the relationship ?
GOV .
SANFORD : Obviously not .
What 's that ?
Q Were you alone ?
GOV .
SANFORD : Obviously not .
OK .
Q Did you break off the relationship ?
GOV .
SANFORD : The -- no , it was interesting in how this thing has gone down , John .
To give you way more detail than you 'll ever want , I met this person a little over eight years ago -- again , very
innocently -- and struck up a conversation .
And I want to go back to the bubble of politics .
This is not
justifying , because , again , what I did was wrong , period , end of story .
Q ( Off mike ) -- did you -- ( off mike ) .
GOV .
SANFORD : OK .
Wait , wait , wait , wait .
Could -- wait .
No , I did n't .
Q ( Off mike . )
GOV .
SANFORD : I had my own ticket .
Q ( Off mike . )
GOV .
SANFORD : Wait , wait .
( Cross talk . )
Guys , let -- one question at a time .
Is that fair enough ?
The -- and there 's a certain irony to this , but this person at the time was separated .
And we ended up in this incredibly serious conversation about why she ought to get back with her husband for the sake of her two boys ; that not only was it part of God 's law , but ultimately those two boys would be better off for it .
And we had this incredibly earnest conversation and at the end of it said , " Well , could I get your e-mail ? "
We swapped e-mails , whatever .
And it began just on a very casual basis -- " Hey , I 've got
this issue that 's come up with my life , " or vice versa .
" What do you think ? "
Because when you live in the zone of politics , you can't ever let your guard down .
You can't ever say , " What do you think " or " What do you think , " because it could be a front - page story or this story or that story .
And so there was this zone of protectiveness , in that she lives thousands of miles away and I was up here , and you could throw an idea out or vice versa .
And we developed a remarkable friendship over
those eight years .
And then , as I said , about a year ago , it sparked into something more than that .
I have seen her three times since then , during that whole sparking thing .
And it was discovered --
Q ( Off mike ) --
GOV .
SANFORD : -- let me finish -- five months ago .
And at that point , we went into serious overdrive in trying to say , " Where do you go from here , " and that 's where the Cubby Culbertsons and the others
of the world began to help with , you know , how do you get all this right ?
How do you , again , be honest ?
And so I 've been back and forth and back and forth and back and forth .
And the one thing that you really find is that you absolutely want resolution .
And so oddly enough , I spent the last five days of my life crying in Argentina , so I could repeat it when I came back here in saying , you know , while indeed from a heart level , there was something real ,
it was a place based on the fiduciary relationship I had , to the people of South Carolina , based on my boys , based on my wife , based on here I was in life , based on where she was in life , a place I could n't go and she could n't go .
And that is , I suspect , a continual process all through life , of getting one 's heart right in life .
And so I would never stand before you as one who just says , you know , I 'm completely right with regard
to my heart on all things .
But what I would say is , I 'm committed to trying to get my heart right .
Because the one thing that -- ( inaudible ) -- and all others have told me is that the odyssey that we 're all on in life is with regard to heart , not what I want or what you want but , in other words , indeed this larger notion of truly trying to put other people first .
I suspect if I 'd really put this other person first , I would n't have jeopardized her life , as I have .
I certainly would n't have done it to my wife .
I would n't have done it to my boys .
I would n't have done it to the Tom Davises of the world .
This was selfishness on my part .
And for that , I 'm most apologetic .
Last question .
Over there .
Q ( Off mike . )
GOV .
SANFORD : Yes .
( Cross talk . )
Q Did you intentionally mislead your staff about hiking the trail ?
Did you intentionally mislead your staff about where you were ?
Q And did you talk to them , at any point , when you were in Argentina ; your staff ?
GOV .
SANFORD : Yeah .
In other words , they called .
I called them back on Monday .
And --
Q But when you left , did you intentionally --
GOV .
SANFORD : No , no , no , no .
We talked about that .
In other words , let me be clear .
I said that was originally a possibility .
Again that is my fault in shrouding this larger trip .
That 's my fault .
That 's my fault .
Q Did you tell your staff to tell the press that you were hiking the Appalachian Trail ?
GOV .
SANFORD : I did n't tell them .
I just said , hey , guys , this is where I think I 'm going to go .
So in other words , they would have deducted it from that .
Q ( Off mike . )
GOV .
SANFORD : No , no , no , no , no .
I did -- in other words -- no , no , no , no .
They went on the original information that I 'd given -- ( inaudible ) -- who handles the schedule for us .
Q Governor --
GOV .
SANFORD : ( Yeah ? ) , last question .
Q Have you --
GOV .
SANFORD : I tell you -
Q Governor , in going there on Father 's Day weekend --
GOV .
SANFORD : OK .
Yeah .
Right , right , right .
Q Did they have a choice about --
GOV .
SANFORD : Okay .
Yeah .
Go ahead .
Yeah .
Yeah .
Q Have you asked any of the state employees to cover up this affair for you ?
GOV .
SANFORD : No . Absolutely not .
Q Do you still have --
Q Governor --
Q Did you ask your staff to cover up the affair ?
GOV .
SANFORD : No . Absolutely not .
Q Governor --
Q Your reaction to those in your party and your lieutenant governor that call this irresponsible and are disappointed in your decision to do this ?
GOV .
SANFORD : At this point , it would be obvious that they and others would be disappointed , and that I 've disappointed them and others .
And so -- and so --
Q Why did you keep --
STAFF : That 's all .
GOV .
SANFORD : OK .
All right .
Q Will you resign as governor ?
GOV .
SANFORD : Thank you .
All right .
Q Joel , is the governor going to resign ?
###
Get Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item .
Click here .
Or follow us @latimestot
Photo credits : Associated Press
I have finally gotten around to separating out and cleaning up the Deflate ( RFC 1951 ) decompression routines we have been using in - house for quite some time , and released them under an X - style free license ( see links below ) , for those who need something with a less restrictive license or better performance than is currently freely available1 .
The library supports decompression of pure deflate streams , zlib - style ( RFC 1950 ) and gzip - style ( RFC 1952 ) streams , including optional checksum checking .
The code should be fully portable across all conforming ANSI Common Lisp implementations , and has been performance tuned for SBCL and CMU CL , and somewhat for Lispworks ( CRC - 32 checksum code ) .
While the performance does not reach the level of zlib / gzip ( by a factor of around 3 to 3.52 on my most recent tests with SBCL ) , mostly due to stream I/ O overhead and a not very sophisticated huffman decoder , it is eminently usable .
Support for compression and ZIP - file handling are currently not included .
Enjoy .
Links
In my last blog post , I explained the way that I think ignorance causes inaction on poverty .
In this post , I have come up with a series of questions that I think we can ask ourselves to help us relate to poverty and understand how much poverty actually threatens and affects those of us not currently living in poverty .
The Questions
How may your life have been different if you were born in a much poorer family ?
What if you went to a much poorer public school in a much poorer community , with much more crime , with much more wayward students and with much less funding ?
What if pretty much all of your family and friends were poor throughout your life ?
Have you ever been bailed out by family or friends who had spare money or personal connections ?
What if you had n’t been ?
What if your household never had a car or other automobile for your entire childhood ?
What if you never had internet or a computer ?
How may that have changed your life ?
Can you think of something that could have been different in your past through no fault of your own that would have caused you to fall into poverty ?
Even if you had worked just as hard and exercised just as good decision - making , what may have happened to you that could have led to you being poor ( or poorer ) now ?
Can you imagine a future scenario in which you end up poor through no fault of your own ?
What kind of help would you expect to get or need to get to escape poverty ?
If you fell into poverty in the future while still working just as hard or harder , how would you feel if people called you lazy or stupid or said you deserved to be poor ?
How have you been lucky in your life ?
How has that luck contributed to your comfort of life and financial situation ?
Are there ways you could have been much more unlucky that could have caused you to fall into poverty ?
What sort of unlucky things could happen to you now or in the future that could severely affect your finances and make you poor or poorer ?
The Answers
Post your answers to those questions , read other people ’s answers and comment on this blog post as a whole in this thread at our forums .
Pass a link to this post along to other people as well .
If we all start thinking about poverty , we will be inspired to do something about it and hopefully finally work together and eradicate it .
A Farsi-speaking reader translates this article :
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Un concept simple : tous les matins 10h une nouvelle photo , une nouvelle fracture de l’oeil .
Le site qui vous fera dire Bonjour Madame !
Some drew comparisons with China ’s human rights situation .
“ We do n’t have human rights , let alone dog rights , ” wrote a commentator going by the name of Kui Kui Xiang Ri , on the Tianya forum .
“ I ’ve seen too much live abuse , let alone abuse of dogs .
Anyway , it ’s the local emperors who have their say , and we ordinary folks are not much different from dogs in their eyes . ”
Chinese humane societies have announced plans to file lawsuits against local governments that mount extermination campaigns .
“ This kind of thing is just too terrible , too inhumane , ” said Huang Juan , a leader of the Abandoned Pets Assistance Center , in Wuhan .
“ They did it without any real reason , since many of these dogs are vaccinated and cannot spread rabies .
But how can you speak reason with these people ? ”
Another group , the China Small Animal Protection Association , said it would sue .
“ We are meeting with lawyers the day after tomorrow , and will go to court and bring charges against two local governments , ” said Lu Di , the group ’s director .
“ I will not just try to persuade , warn or criticize them — it ’s too late for that .
We will sue them to make them understand that this is not merely a moral issue , but a crime . ”
On Wednesday , the Humane Society of the United States offered $ 100,000 to China to establish a program to control rabies in Jining , The Associated Press reported .
More broadly , others pointed out that the extermination campaigns contradict the guiding ideology of China ’s current leaders , who constantly invoke the need to build a “ harmonious society . ”
Although the extermination programs are being widely denounced here , there is no doubting that rabies remains a severe problem in China .
Nationwide , 961 people died of the disease in the first six months of the year , and last year , 2,545 people died .
By contrast , rabies deaths in most Western countries are extremely rare .
Experts say the persistence of the disease reflects the breakdown of the rural health care system , once one of the proudest achievements of Chinese Communism .
Many poor rural provinces view canine rabies vaccinations as a costly burden .
Meanwhile , an oral vaccine , which is far easier to administer , is not imported , partly because of its cost .
The economic news these days can be readily parsed into two separate types : increasingly positive “ survey ” data and increasingly worse “ real ” data .
I recently wrote about the flaws in the survey reports , so I wo n’t spend more time here discussing why these reports are best taken with a very large grain of salt .
First , the survey data that was released today :
U.S. Economy : Manufacturing , Confidence Reach Seven - Month Highs May 1 ( Bloomberg ) — U.S. manufacturing and consumer confidence last month unexpectedly jumped to their highest levels since the credit crisis intensified in September , indicating the economy is on the mend .
The Institute for Supply Management ’s factory index rose to 40.1 from 36.3 in March ; readings less than 50 signal a contraction .
The Reuters / University of Michigan final index of consumer sentiment jumped by the most in more than two years , climbing to 65.1 .
Well , that all sounds pretty good .
When asked about it , consumers and manufacturing representatives both came out sounding positive about things .
One of my chief observations about the consumer confidence ( or “ ConCon ” ) report is that it is extremely well correlated with both gasoline prices and the stock market .
In this regard , saying that stocks are heading up because consumer confidence is rising is circular reasoning at its finest so it really would n’t be very helpful or explanatory to say that stocks went up because consumer confidence went up , because the opposite is often true .
That does n’t stop the headline writers however , like this one : “ Jump in Consumer Confidence Gives Boost to Stocks . ”
One of the things I especially enjoy about the “ spin cycle ” is when its operators have a tough time deciding how to spin the news .
Here ’s a particularly humorous example that flitted across the wire feeds yesterday – pay careful attention to the displayed times :
7:55 AM ET CURRENCIES : Dollar Pressured As Recovery Hopes Rise 9:54 AM ET CURRENCIES : Dollar Gains As Recovery Hopes Rise
If you watch these things long enough you will find yourself tuning them out and then chuckling at them .
Meanwhile , the real data , involving things like sales of autos and mortgage foreclosures , continued to trundle lower , or even set records , indicating that the spring thaw in the survey data deserves to be viewed with a healthy dose of skepticism :
Chrysler U.S. Sales Fall 48 % ; Toyota Trails Estimates GM ’s sales dropped 34 percent , and Honda Motor Co. declined 25 percent , also better than analysts ’ projections .
Ford slumped 32 percent , Toyota tumbled 42 percent and Nissan decreased 38 percent .
The results mean that the U.S. market contracted for an 18th consecutive month .
While consumer confidence rebounded , April ended with Chrysler filing for court protection and U.S. officials warning of health risks from the swine flu outbreak .
When even Toyota and Honda are having a tough time , it ’s rough out there .
While I am sure there ’s a bottom out there somewhere , I am growing weary of the constant attempts to spin one out of survey data without regard to what the actual data is still saying .
Here ’s another bit of actual data that runs counter to the notion of imminent improvement .
Foreclosure filings in record jump Servicers initiated foreclosure proceedings against 290,000 mortgage borrowers , a jump of nearly 20 % from February ’s 243,000 , and the highest monthly total since the coalition began tracking data in mid-2007 .
Starts have risen by more than a third since January .
I do n’t think we ’ll hit bottom until the housing correction has run its full course , regardless of how many green shoots are spotted along the way .
The data above may not be as bad as reported , because I do n’t see that they ’ve adjusted for the fact that February is a shorter month than March .
Still , the number of foreclosures is heading up , not down .
Speaking of housing , here ’s an odd pair of news stories out of the most indebted and underwater state in the union : California .
The first describes a direct incentive from the state ( which is beyond broke ) to build more houses , and the second describes how a glut of houses is dragging down the housing market .
You just ca n’t make this stuff up .
Tax Credit Gives California Builders a Lift California ’s hard - hit home builders say they ’re pouring more foundations and hiring more workers this spring , partly because of a state tax credit of as much as $ 10,000 for buyers of new homes .
Now , less than two months after the new - home credit became available , some lawmakers in California ’s financially strapped government are proposing to eliminate the $ 100 million limit on the total amount of credits that home buyers can tap .
Deepening woes for the Imperial Valley Reporting from El Centro , Calif . —
The Imperial Valley is accustomed to the spectral look of failure : Houses around the Salton Sea have been abandoned for decades ; the Planters Hotel in Brawley stood empty for years before it was destroyed by fire ; Main Street in El Centro , the Imperial County seat , remains stubbornly vacancy - pocked .
But even by historical standards , the latest bust in the region ’s cycle of hardship and hope has been profound .
Never - completed subdivisions resemble movie lots waiting for a picture set in a typical Southern California suburb .
Men who had found high - paying jobs building homes are back in the fields — if they can find work at all .
I guess we can file that pair of articles under " Your Government At Work . "
My advice is to enjoy the positive effects of the spin cycle for as long as they last .
Spring is here , the weather is beautiful , and it ’s worth enjoying , so get out there and have fun .
The thin layers of the structure are held together by an inorganic binder , not the normal steel reinforcements that most buildings have .
This allows for strength and design freedom not available before .
The structure was designed using CAD / CAM software and then exported directly to the printer .
Once printed , it only takes about 24 hours for the material to fully set .
The process is also pretty environmentally sound , and if any of the building material remains unused , it can be recycled .
The only clean shirt girl shirt clean sexy
Comments
There are no comments added yet .
Add the first yourself !
tomato vine image by Horticulture from Fotolia.com
How to Top Tomato Plants
Tomato plants come in two types .
Determinate varieties only reach about 4 feet tall , then they stop growing upward .
Indeterminate varieties continue to gain in height throughout summer and into fall , reaching heights of 6 feet or more .
When trellising or staking indeterminate tomatoes , this height can be an issue , as they overgrow their supports .
This can also lead to breakage and damage to the stem as the plants become top - heavy .
Topping the plants encourages more lateral branching and helps prevent the plants from growing too tall .
Remove the suckers on the tomato plant so it only produces one to two main stems .
Pinch off the shoots that form between where the leaf joins the main stem .
This prevents them from growing into multiple main vines and makes the tomato easier to tie to a stake or trellis .
Tomato plants come in two types .
Remove the suckers on the tomato plant so it only produces one to two main stems .
Prune off the top of the main vine when it reaches the desired height for the plant .
Use clean , sharp pruning shears to make the cut so the plant is n't damaged .
Pinch off the any new suckers that form where you topped the plant , as these can become new stems .
Pinch them off where they form between the junction of the leaf and the topped stem or where lateral stems join the main stems .
Tip Caged tomatoes do not need as vigorous pruning as trellised and staked tomatoes do .
Pinch caged tomatoes back to three or four main stems and only top them if they become top heavy once they grow taller than the cage .
Warning Each time you prune a tomato you chance introducing disease organisms to the plant .
Sterilize shears in a solution of one part bleach and nine parts water between trimming each plant to prevent this .
How to Get Rid of Little Bugs That Are on the Leaves of My Tomato Plants
Pour either the liquid soap or the canola oil in a small bucket .
Add the water to the bucket and stir the two ingredients .
Fill a spray bottle with your homemade insect killer .
Prune off the top of the main vine when it reaches the desired height for the plant .
Use clean , sharp pruning shears to make the cut so the plant is n't damaged .
Spray the insects on your tomato plants first thing in the morning .
Insects are more sluggish early in the morning .
Repeat each morning until you no longer spot insects on the tomato plant leaves .
Warning
Do not use a chemical insecticide on your tomato plant , as the chemicals will seep into the tomatoes .
How to Keep Mosquitoes Away From Tomato Plants
Purchase mosquito - repelling plants .
Marigolds add bright color to the garden .
Basil and garlic both add depth of flavor to developing tomatoes .
Choose one that suits the needs of your household .
Spray the insects on your tomato plants first thing in the morning .
Repeat each morning until you no longer spot insects on the tomato plant leaves .
Dig a ring around your tomato plant , approximately 4 to 6 inches further out than the furthest - reaching branch of the tomato plant .
Break up the soil in the ring to approximately 4 inches deep .
Plant the mosquito - repelling seedlings into the ring .
Space them as close together as possible , to create a strong repellent barrier .
Brush the soil back over the plants ' root balls and into remaining spaces in the ring .
Water thoroughly , to enable the root systems to settle and release any trapped oxygen bubbles .
Thereafter , water as you would regularly water your tomato plants .
Dig a ring around your tomato plant , approximately 4 to 6 inches further out than the furthest - reaching branch of the tomato plant .
Tomato Plants : How Long From Flower to Tomato ?
plant de tomate image by Nathalie P from < a href= '
http://www.fotolia.com'>Fotolia.com</a>
The period from planting to harvesting tomatoes depends on the variety grown , as it can take anywhere from 55 to 75 days .
After tomato flowers develop , bloom , are fertilized and set fruit , it takes approximately 45 to 50 days before the fruit is ripe for harvesting , according to the University of Arizona .
How to Make Tomato Plants Bloom
Add a garden fertilizer to the soil prior to planting the tomatoes .
Choose a low nitrogen and high phosphorus type such as 8 -32 - 16 .
Plant tomatoes once the soil temperature has reach 60 degrees F. Planting too early or late will cause a delay in blooming and fruit production .
Apply a soluble fertilizer such as 15 - 30 - 15 after planting by mixing 2 tbsp .
per gallon of water .
The period from planting to harvesting tomatoes depends on the variety grown , as it can take anywhere from 55 to 75 days .
Apply a soluble fertilizer such as 15 - 30 - 15 after planting by mixing 2 tbsp .
Place tomato plants 24 inches apart to prevent disease by increasing air circulation around the plants .
Prune the side shoots on late season tomato varieties to focus the plants energy on blossom and fruit production instead of creating bushy growth .
Water tomato plants regularly at a rate of 2 quarts water per plant per day .
Soak the soil well as this will encourage deep root growth .
Place mulch around the plants to prevent weed growth and assist with water retention .
Apply a 5 - 10 - 5 fertilizer through the growing season if soil tests indicate low fertility .
Work the fertilizer into the soil down to 6 inches .
Place tomato plants 24 inches apart to prevent disease by increasing air circulation around the plants .
Place mulch around the plants to prevent weed growth and assist with water retention .
Tip
Do not use a fertilizer that contains ammonia or urea for tomato production .
Use a low nitrogen fertilizer to increase fruit production and prevent vine like stem growth .
How to Cover Tomato Plants With Plastic
Pound the stakes into the ground at intervals around your tomato plants .
If you are only protecting one or two plants , you only need one or two stakes .
If you are protecting a large tomato patch , place stakes 4 feet apart around the perimeter and place additional stakes in the center area ( also 4 to 5 feet apart ) .
Use the hammer to pound the stakes approximately 4 to 6 inches into the ground .
Stretch the plastic tarp over the tomato plants , with the stakes holding the tarp up and off the plants .
The plastic must not touch the tomato plants , because foliage that touches the plastic will freeze .
Create a pocket of warm air above the tomato plants by suspending the plastic above the plants .
Pound the stakes into the ground at intervals around your tomato plants .
Create a pocket of warm air above the tomato plants by suspending the plastic above the plants .
Extend the tarp down to the ground around the tomato plants and secure it with bricks or large rocks .
Remove the plastic tarp the next morning when the temperature rises above 40 degrees F .
Tip A plastic tarp is effective for protecting tomato plants from a light frost .
If temperatures dip lower and a hard freeze occurs , the plastic will not be sufficient to protect the tomato plants from damage .
Put the tarp in place in the late afternoon prior to the frost .
Warning
Do not leave the plastic tarp on the tomato plants through the next day .
The tomato plants will become too warm beneath the plastic .
How to Not Over Water Tomato Plants
Martin Poole / Digital Vision / Getty Images
Step 1
Place mulch on the top of the soil .
This helps to reduce evaporation and to keep the water where the tomato plants need it most : the roots .
Step 2
Water your plants every one to three days .
This is usually sufficient even during the hottest parts of summer .
If you are unsure whether your plants need more water , stick your finger into the soil around the base of the plants to a depth of about an inch .
If the top inch of soil is dry , it 's time to water .
If the top of the soil is still wet or damp , do not water .
Extend the tarp down to the ground around the tomato plants and secure it with bricks or large rocks .
If you are unsure whether your plants need more water , stick your finger into the soil around the base of the plants to a depth of about an inch .
Step 3
Water the roots of the plants and not the leaves , which can encourage foliar diseases and soil - borne ones as well .
Step 4
Add water to your tomato plants slowly .
One way to do this effectively is to use a drip hose , which adds water in a trickle .
How to Use Alfalfa Meal to Grow Tomatoes
Fill a 5 - gallon bucket with water .
Add 1 cup of alfalfa meal to the water .
Blend it well .
Let the mixture sit for about a week to make an alfalfa meal tea .
Water the roots of the plants and not the leaves , which can encourage foliar diseases and soil - borne ones as well .
One way to do this effectively is to use a drip hose , which adds water in a trickle .
Pour one 5 - gallon bucket of alfalfa meal tea evenly over each acre of garden area to get the nutrients deep into the soil before transplanting or planting tomato plants .
Add a side dressing of dry alfalfa meal to each of the tomato plants six weeks after the initial application of the tea .
Measure ½ cup of alfalfa meal for each plant and apply to the soil .
Water the soil until it is moist immediately after applying the alfalfa meal .
Repeat the application of dry alfalfa meal every six weeks during the tomato plant 's growth .
Are Tomato Plant Leaves Poisonous ?
tomato plant image by Tracy Horning from Fotolia.com
The stems and leaves of the tomato plant are poisonous .
However , they are only toxic if consumed in large quantities .
The only edible parts of the tomato plant are the unripe or ripened tomatoes .
The toxic principles in tomato plants are demissine and solanine , also known as glycoalkcoloids .
Pour one 5 - gallon bucket of alfalfa meal tea evenly over each acre of garden area to get the nutrients deep into the soil before transplanting or planting tomato plants .
Add a side dressing of dry alfalfa meal to each of the tomato plants six weeks after the initial application of the tea .
How to Boost Tomato Plant Blooms
Examine each of the tomato plants .
Locate the thickest and greenest branches coming out of the main tomato stem .
Select three to five of these branches to be the growing branches .
Remove all the other branches completely from each of the tomato plants .
Remove any large leaves off of the remaining stems .
Leave only the smaller leaves .
However , do n’t remove the leaves at the end of the branches .
Do n’t remove any leaf clusters that are currently filled with blooms .
Examine each of the tomato plants .
Remove all the other branches completely from each of the tomato plants .
Remove any dead leaves , dead stems or yellowing branches as the tomato plants grow .
Save the tomato plant ’s energy to grow new blooms , instead of repairing yellow areas .
Mix 10 - 10 - 10 liquid fertilizer according to the manufacturer ’s instructions .
Mix in the appropriate amount of fertilizer to organic compost .
Put the mixture at the bottom of each tomato plant 2 inches deep .
Put a 1 inch layer of mulch on top of the organic compost mixture ( from step 4 ) .
Water tomato plants twice weekly but do n’t leave the ground soggy or get the leaves wet .
Remove any dead leaves , dead stems or yellowing branches as the tomato plants grow .
Put a 1 inch layer of mulch on top of the organic compost mixture ( from step 4 ) .
Tip Plant tomatoes in an area that receives at least 6 hours of daily sunlight .
Tomatoes grown inside should be placed in a sunny window or have grow lights .
Warning
Be careful not to get liquid fertilizer directly on tomato plant stems and leaves .
Do n’t store harvested tomatoes in the refrigerator .
They lose their freshness and flavor .
How to Plant Hanging Tomato Plants
Purchase an empty 5 - gallon bucket with a snap - on lid .
This bucket can be found at hardware stores .
Clean the bucket with warm sudsy water to prepare it for planting your tomato plant .
Cut a hole in the bucket using a drill or a utility knife .
The hole should be right in the middle of the bottom of the bucket and about 2 to 3 inches in diameter .
Cut several 1/2 - inch holes in the snap - on lid of the bucket to allow you to water your plant .
Place several layers of newspaper in the bottom of the bucket , covering the hole .
This will later be used to anchor the tomato plant .
Purchase an empty 5 - gallon bucket with a snap - on lid .
Cut several 1/2 - inch holes in the snap - on lid of the bucket to allow you to water your plant .
Fill the bucket with a 40 - lb. bag of soil and put on the lid .
Soils with vitamin additives , like Miracle - Gro , are the best for growing tomatoes .
Turn the bucket over , and plant the tomato seedling .
Cut two slits in the newspaper at the bottom of the bucket to allow you to plant the tomato plant .
Plant the seedling with only about 3 inches of the plant coming out of the hole .
Use extra soil to anchor it in the bucket .
Fill the bucket with a 40 - lb .
Cut two slits in the newspaper at the bottom of the bucket to allow you to plant the tomato plant .
Hang the bucket in a sunny area and water .
Tomatoes require at least 50 percent sunlight .
Move the bucket according to where the most direct sun is during the day .
Harvest tomatoes as they ripen on the vine .
Tomatoes will begin to form not long after the tomato plant flowers .
The fruit should be red and firm before cutting from the plant .
How to Propagate Tomato Plants
Cut at least 6 inches from the tip of an existing tomato plant , making sure there are two or more sets of leaves on the cutting .
Hang the bucket in a sunny area and water .
Cut at least 6 inches from the tip of an existing tomato plant , making sure there are two or more sets of leaves on the cutting .
Fill each container with moist potting soil , and press a pencil down into the center to create a hole .
Snip off any flowers or buds from your tomato clippings , then snip off the bottom leaves .
Leave the top two leaves intact .
For each new plant , place the tomato cutting in the hole you made in the potting soil .
Make sure the section you just trimmed the leaves from is below the soil surface .
Push the soil up around the tomato cutting stem to secure it in place , then put the container in a warm place out of direct sunlight .
Keep the soil moist , and in about a week start gradually exposing the cuttings to more light until they are in full sunlight for the better part of the day .
Fill each container with moist potting soil , and press a pencil down into the center to create a hole .
For each new plant , place the tomato cutting in the hole you made in the potting soil .
Once the cuttings are used to the full sunlight , transplant them into larger containers or put them out into the garden .
Tip
You can also use suckers and layering to propagate tomato plants .
A few weeks before the recommended transplanting date for fall tomatoes in your area , bend a vine from an existing tomato plant down to the ground and cover several inches of it with soil , making sure at least one node is buried .
In two to three weeks that buried branch will have new roots , and you can cut it away from the parent plant .
Are Tomato Plant Leaves Edible ?
tomato plants image by JLycke from Fotolia.com
While the fruit of the tomato is edible , the plant 's leaves and stems are not .
Symptoms of tomato plant poisoning include headache , dilated pupils , stomach pain , diarrhea , vomiting , respiratory and circulatory depression .
Facts About Tomato Seeds
Varieties
The hundreds of varieties of tomato seeds available range from an heirloom to the small , sweet , cherry type .
Hybrid tomato seeds produce better fruit and resist diseases common to the plant .
The Big Beef variety is disease - resistant , and the Jet Star is lower in acid than most varieties .
Growing Requirements
Tomato seeds do not require sunlight until they have sprouted .
Plant seeds in shallow trays in sterile potting soil , not common garden soil .
Once the cuttings are used to the full sunlight , transplant them into larger containers or put them out into the garden .
Hybrid tomato seeds produce better fruit and resist diseases common to the plant .
Saving
To save tomato seeds from the fruit , you must following a fermentation process .
Containers
Tomato seeds can grow successfully in commercial flats or simple plastic or plastic - foam cups with holes poked in the bottom .
Availability
Tomato seeds are widely available at garden centers and nurseries or through mail - order catalogs .
Germination
Tomato seeds should be started indoors about six to eight weeks before you plant them outdoors .
How to Feed an Organic Tomato Plant
Lay down a thick layer of mulch around the tomato plants as soon as they are in the ground and watered in .
The mulch will help preserve moisture to the plants and cut down on insect problems .
Spray the tomato plants weekly with a solution of liquid seaweed .
Follow the instructions on the seaweed label as far as water / seaweed ratio is concerned .
To save tomato seeds from the fruit , you must following a fermentation process .
The mulch will help preserve moisture to the plants and cut down on insect problems .
Side dress the plants with mature compost when the organic tomatoes begin flowering .
Spray the area around the plants with a manure tea when the fruit first begin to appear .
Do not spray directly on the leaves or fruit of the tomatoes .
Tip Liquid seaweed and manure tea is available at any garden center where organics are sold .
Pull any weeds you see growing around the tomato plants .
Weeds rob the tomatoes of needed ground nutrients .
Check the condition of your organic tomato plants daily .
A single tomato hornworm can destroy a tomato plant in less than a day .
How to Water Tomato Plants
Water tomato plants in the early morning , before the sun has reached its midday height .
This will give the moist soil time to warm up before the temperatures drop in the evening , making sure the plants are n't sitting in sopping dirt overnight .
Apply the water to the base of the plant with a watering can or hose , being careful not to wet down the leaves and fruit as this can damage the tomatoes .
Make sure all water is absorbed into the soil .
Tomato plants do need to be watered thoroughly , but take your time to ensure that the water is n't puddling on top of the dirt .
If this happens , the plant has been over - watered .
Side dress the plants with mature compost when the organic tomatoes begin flowering .
Apply the water to the base of the plant with a watering can or hose , being careful not to wet down the leaves and fruit as this can damage the tomatoes .
Keep the tomatoes on a schedule .
Water them every day at the same time if you live in a very hot area , or every other day if the heat does n't cause the soil to dry out within 24 hours .
Plant potted tomatoes in pots with large , well - spaced drainage holes in the bottom .
The holes will allow the excess water to flow out of the bottom of the pot .
If the water is trapped in the pot , it can rot the plant .
Topsy Turvy Tomato Planting Instructions
Drill a 2 - inch hole in the center of the bottom of a clean bucket .
Place the bucket between two sturdy surfaces , such as a pair of wooden workhorses , for stability to access the hole .
Keep the tomatoes on a schedule .
Drill a 2 - inch hole in the center of the bottom of a clean bucket .
Thread a tomato seedling through the hole by pushing the root ball through the hole to the inside .
Roots are much hardier than tender leaves and branches - - damaged roots can heal while damage to a new plant can be fatal .
Use sphagnum moss or a piece of landscaping fabric to hold the tomato plant in place .
Have a helper hold the plant in place .
The moss or fabric is needed not only to help anchor the plant but to keep loose soil from falling out .
Amend your potting soil by adding compost and mixing well .
Tomatoes grow best in soil that is high in phosphorus and potassium , and lower in nitrogen .
Using a blend of soil specially designed for tomatoes is helpful .
Thread a tomato seedling through the hole by pushing the root ball through the hole to the inside .
Use sphagnum moss or a piece of landscaping fabric to hold the tomato plant in place .
Fill bucket with potting soil , keeping 2 inches of clearance at the top .
Have your helper hold the plant to keep it from slipping out .
Hang bucket in sunny location .
Water regularly , keeping the soil moist but not soggy .
Fertilize with a commercial product formulated for tomatoes as instructed
Tip Tomatoes grown upside down will stretch to reach the sunlight when they are still seedlings , but their stalks will straighten once they are large enough for the sun to hit their leaves .
Use the top of your bucket to grow companion plants , such as herbs or trailing flowers .
Warning
Heavy varieties , such as beefsteaks , are best grown in normal containers .
Leave your topsy turvy planter for medium or cherry - sized fruits .
Avoid fertilizing with too much nitrogen - - tomatoes will grow huge plants with no fruit if given too much nitrogen .
How to Properly Water Tomato Plants
Water the tomato seedling or juvenile plant twice daily , once in the morning and once in the evening .
Apply 32 ounces of water per plant at each watering .
Fill bucket with potting soil , keeping 2 inches of clearance at the top .
Add organic or synthetic mulch around the base of the plant once the tomato seedling is 3 inches tall .
Mulch helps to guard soil moisture against wind evaporation and the sun 's heat .
Increase the daily watering as soon as the tomato plant produces flowers and begins growing fruit .
Apply 64 ounces of water per plant twice a day .
Fertilize the tomato plant every three weeks as soon as the plant 's fruits measure 1 to 2 inches in circumference .
Use a standard granular garden fertilizer , applied according to the label 's guidelines as potency varies widely by brand , or straight nitrogen -- ammonium nitrate intended for garden use and available at most nurseries -- at the rate of 1 pound per tomato plant .
Apply before a standard watering session to help deliver the nutrients to the tomato plant 's roots .
Add organic or synthetic mulch around the base of the plant once the tomato seedling is 3 inches tall .
Tip Twice - daily deep waterings is better than several shallow waterings throughout the day , as it increases deep root development for a stronger and healthier plant .
Warning
When fertilizing your tomatoes , do n't get the fertilizer on the plant itself as this may cause chemical burns .
The Best Tomato to Grow in Arkansas
Red Tomato
Better Boy tomatoes are indeterminate and mature in 72 days after planting .
Better Boy is considered a red tomato and has globe - shaped red fruit .
Average fruit size of the Better Boy is 12 oz .
Indeterminate
Indeterminate tomato plants such as the Better Boy are tall vine plants that will bear fruit until the first frost .
Better Boy plants need to be staked up with a trellis or tomato cage to keep the fruit off the ground .
Resistance
Better Boy is resistant to verticillium wilt , fusarium wilt and nematodes .
Fusarium and verticillium wilt are diseases that will cause leaves to turn yellow and will hasten premature dying in tomato plants .
Better Boy tomatoes are indeterminate and mature in 72 days after planting .
Indeterminate tomato plants such as the Better Boy are tall vine plants that will bear fruit until the first frost .
How to Kill Caterpillars on Tomato Plants
Lift up the leaves of your tomato plants and look for tiny caterpillar eggs .
You can remove these eggs by hand and burn them .
This is an easy way to destroy the caterpillar before it has a chance to destroy your tomato plant .
Set a few bird houses near your crop of tomatoes .
Birds are natural predators to the caterpillar and will kill and eat any caterpillars they see .
Plant sweet alyssum , fennel , dill , or spearmint next to your tomato plants .
Tiny parasitic wasps that are attracted to these plants will see the caterpillars and lay their eggs on them .
When the eggs hatch , the larvae eat right through the caterpillar and kill it .
Lift up the leaves of your tomato plants and look for tiny caterpillar eggs .
Tiny parasitic wasps that are attracted to these plants will see the caterpillars and lay their eggs on them .
Make your own insecticidal spray .
Fill a spray bottle with a water and add dish soap .
Mix the ingredients together and spray your tomato plants with it .
This solution will not hurt your tomato plants at all .
It will , however , kill the horned worm caterpillar .
Tip
You can repel the horned worm caterpillar with the scent of peppermint .
It wo n't kill them , however .
Warning
Don't re-plant your tomato plants in the same spot from year to year .
The horned worm caterpillar lives in the soil during its pupa stage .
It will easily find your tomato plants if you use the same soil .
What to Do About Little White Flying Bugs on Tomato Plants
tomatoes image by Horticulture from Fotolia.com
Whiteflies cause damage to tomato plants by feeding on the leaves .
Control whiteflies biologically by introducing known whitefly predators such as predaceous wasps , ladybird beetles and lacewings to the garden or greenhouse .
Insecticidal soaps , used according to manufacturers instructions , reduce the population of whiteflies on tomato plants .
Make your own insecticidal spray .
Mix the ingredients together and spray your tomato plants with it .
How to Cover Tomato Plants
Pound the stakes into the soil approximately every 3 feet along your rows of tomatoes .
If you already have support stakes or cages surrounding your tomato plants , omit the stakes .
Spread the old sheets over the tomato plants with the stakes or tomato cages supporting the sheets and keeping the sheets from contacting the foliage of the tomato plants .
Place the sheets over the tomato plants in the late afternoon when you expect frost during the upcoming night .
Anchor the sheets around the tomato plants with the large rocks .
Leave the sheets over the tomatoes until the following morning .
Wait until the temperature rebounds back over 40 Fahrenheit and remove the sheets .
Pound the stakes into the soil approximately every 3 feet along your rows of tomatoes .
Spread the old sheets over the tomato plants with the stakes or tomato cages supporting the sheets and keeping the sheets from contacting the foliage of the tomato plants .
Tip
Be prepared to protect the tomatoes for more than one night because frosty overnight conditions often occur in successive nights .
How to Use Wire Fencing for Tomato Cages
Cut a piece of wire fencing that is 3 to 6 feet tall and 9 1 /2 to 12 1/2 feet wide with wire cutters .
The size of the wire depends on the mature size of the tomato plant .
Taller plants need the larger size .
Use galvanized wire with space of least 6 inches so your hands can fit inside the cages .
Bend the fencing so the width forms the diameter of a circle .
The circle is 3 to 4 feet across to make reaching the fruit less of a stretch .
Connect the sides of the cylinder with plastic fence ties .
Space the ties out to every 6 inches along the seam .
Pull the ties down tight with a pair of pliers .
Cut a piece of wire fencing that is 3 to 6 feet tall and 9 1 /2 to 12 1/2 feet wide with wire cutters .
Use galvanized wire with space of least 6 inches so your hands can fit inside the cages .
Place the tomato cage around the tomato seedling when it is first planted to avoid damaging the branches later .
Lay the branches on the wires of the tomato cage as the plant grows .
Do this early in a branch ’s growth while it is still bendable to avoid breakage .
Tip Tomato plants produce an abundance of fruit , 10 to 15 pounds per plant , with proper care .
With tomato cages , a gardener takes advantage of vertical growing space .
Warning Tomato plants grown in full sun exposure will develop sunscald on the fruit without an abundance of leaves on the tomato plant .
Plants grown in tomato cages develop more foliage since their branches are not pruned .
This extra foliage protects the fruit from harsh ultraviolet rays .
How to Prevent Tomato Plant Wilt
Purchase tomato plants with a capital “ F ” after the name of the tomato variety .
These tomato varieties can still get tomato wilt , but it wo n't kill the plant and the plant will still produce tomatoes .
Rotate your tomato growing area each year .
Wait four years until you plant tomatoes in the same spot .
Place the tomato cage around the tomato seedling when it is first planted to avoid damaging the branches later .
Remove tomato plants completely in the fall when you are preparing your garden for winter .
Remove all plant refuse over the winter .
Do not use it as compost .
Instead , discard it all .
This will prevent spores and fungus from infecting the soil .
How to Plant Goliath Tomatoes
Plant the seeds or start transplants early indoors before to the last frost .
Once the danger of frost has passed , the plants can be moved outside in containers or set directly in the ground .
Remove tomato plants completely in the fall when you are preparing your garden for winter .
Plant the seeds or start transplants early indoors before to the last frost .
Place Goliath tomato plants 3 feet apart .
Each hole should be 12 inches deep unless the transplants and seedlings are tiny .
Plant tiny plants or seedlings at the same depth as their container .
Work organic matter into the garden soil around the tomato .
Use peat moss , leaf debris or aged manure .
Mix at a ratio of 50 percent organic matter with 50 percent garden soil .
Fertilize each plant with 1/2 cup of 5 - 10 - 10 fertilizer per plant .
Water the fertilizer in thoroughly .
Place Goliath tomato plants 3 feet apart .
Each hole should be 12 inches deep unless the transplants and seedlings are tiny .
Apply 2 to 3 inches of mulch such as peat moss or bark chips around the base of the Goliath tomato plant .
The mulch will help reduce weed growth and keep the soil moist .
Harvest Goliath tomatoes when they appear completely red .
Squeeze the tomato to check its firmness .
The Goliath tomato should feel hard and firm to the touch before harvest .
Pincer Vodka , Parker ’s cocktail - swilling journalist alter - ego is responsible for conducting a poll to mark the upcoming movie sequel “ Sex and the City . ”
He was astounded when he learned about the results , “ We were stunned with the outcome of the poll and we suspect Sarah Jessica Parker might need more than one Cosmopolitan to drown her sorrows . ”
It seems that the fans of Sex and the City ignored Parker this time .
They have voted her character as Carrie Bradshaw the show ’s least sexy female .
Surprisingly Kristin Davis , the conservative art dealer , ranked first .
Second to her is Kim Cattrall , then Cynthia Nixon .
The film will be released in theaters May 27 in U.S .
In Service to Arlington
Vision :
Our service makes Arlington a leading community that is vibrant , accessible , and resilient , today and in the future .
Mission :
To make Arlington County a vibrant , accessible and sustainable community through strategic transportation , environmental and capital investment projects , while providing excellent customer service , operations and maintenance in a safe and healthy environment for all .
My friend @ ShaneNickerson wins at the internet .
If you do n't see video , try this link - o- matic click - ro - trocker right here .
Searchers pulled eight more bodies from the Atlantic Ocean on Monday as the hunt continued for wreckage of the Air France jetliner that crashed off the coast of South America just over a week ago .
A total of 24 bodies have now been recovered , air force Col. Henry Munhoz of the Brazilian military said .
He offered no details on the condition of the bodies , their gender or ages .
The bodies were found near where 16 others were recovered on Saturday and Sunday — roughly 640 kilometres northeast of the Fernando de Noronha islands off Brazil 's northern coast .
The location is about 70 kilometres from where the doomed jet sent out automated messages signalling electrical failures and loss of cabin pressure .
The Brazilian military initially said 17 bodies had been found on the weekend , but officials revised the number to 16 , saying they had made an error in counting .
Air France Flight 447 was carrying 228 people from Rio de Janeiro to Paris when it crashed May 31 .
One Canadian , 49 - year - old Brad Clemes of Guelph , Ont. , was on board .
Recovery operations have focused on finding more bodies , and locating the data and flight recorders aboard the plane .
On Monday , divers from the Brazilian navy recovered a large red , blue and white piece of the Airbus A330 's tail section .
Officials concede they may never know what caused the plane to crash without recovering the flight recorders , commonly known as black boxes .
Investigators hope the recorders — which are somewhere in the ocean depths — will give them more information about inconsistencies in airspeed readings emitted from onboard computers during the final minutes of the flight .
French investigators say the pilots may have been incorrectly adjusting the plane 's speed based on wrong information given by sensors known as pitot tubes , mounted outside the aircraft .
" The bulk of the aircraft may be in as much as 3,000 metres of water , " said the CBC's David Common , reporting from Paris .
" So finding anything like those black boxes , the flight data recorders , is very , very difficult . "
French - Brazilian collaboration
France is leading the investigation into the cause of the crash , while Brazilian officials are focusing on the recovery of victims and wreckage from Flight 447 , which likely broke up in midair in turbulent weather the night of May 31 .
France has sent a nuclear submarine to help in efforts to find the black boxes and more bodies .
It is due to arrive at the search area later this week .
The United States , meanwhile , has dispatched sophisticated listening equipment designed to pick up " pings " — electronic sounds emitted by the black boxes to aid in locating them .
" Clearly they 're in the right place , finding the right things , but so much of it may be on the sea bottom and perhaps will never , ever be recovered , " said Common , speaking of the search efforts .
Brazilian authorities also told reporters Monday that searchers had spotted two airplane seats and debris with Air France 's logo , and recovered dozens of structural components from the plane .
They had already recovered jet wing fragments , and said hundreds of personal items believed to have belonged to passengers were plucked from the water .
" We know how significant it is for a family to recover their loved one , " Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva said Monday on his weekly radio show .
He added : " During this painful time , it 's not going to resolve the problem , but it is an immense comfort to know they can bury their loved ones . "
Late last month , China quietly ordered PC manufacturers to bundle Internet access control software with all computers sold in the country .
The software , which appears to be Windows - only , looks to provide a mix of features , including whitelists , blacklists , and on - the - fly content - based filtering .
But the key feature that appeals to the government may be the fact that it allows blacklists to be updated remotely .
The government has already worked with the developers of the software , called " Green Dam - Youth Escort , " previously .
Jinhui Computer System Engineering
Co , which developed it , apparently worked out the basic features of the filtering when assisting the Chinese military in securing the distribution of internal documents , according to The Wall Street Journal , which broke the story over the weekend .
Rebecca MacKinnon , who is an Open Society Fellow and worked previously at the University of Hong Kong , has translated some of Jinhui 's press materials , which indicate that the Chinese government has worked with Jinhui to make Green Dam available as a free download , and assisted in getting it installed in schools .
Jinhui had apparently already arranged to have the software bundled by a number of manufacturers .
There seems to be some confusion about the exact capabilities of Green Dam , as The Journal reported that one of Jinhui 's founders indicated that the software relies on a database of blocked sites that allows it to be updated remotely .
Reuters , however , talked with the same person , who indicated that it can perform semantic and image - based evaluation of incoming content — as such , the founder claimed that it 's impossible for the software to be used for general censorship purposes .
Still the two capabilities are n't mutually exclusive , and it would certainly be possible to tune Green Dam 's semantic engine in a way that enabled it to filter out politics in addition to porn .
In any case , Green Dam will have to have been fairly well integrated into the host operating system in order to function well , which presents manufacturers with a whole host of potential problems .
Manufacturers tend to bundle a lot of software with their machines , which raises the possibility of conflicts between Green Dam and other software on the machine .
The auto - updating of the blacklist is also mentioned as another potential security risk , and certainly raises the prospect that computer makers will have to support software with behavior that changes over time .
Although the government seems to have given manufacturers little time to adjust to the mandatory policy — it 's set to take effect July 1 — for now , it appears that they 're being given the option of simply shipping disks in the box , rather than installing and enabling Green Dam .
Although China clearly exerts great control over the political content that reaches its citizens , the government appears to be extremely squeamish about is citizens ' interest in porn .
As such , it 's tempting to take this policy announcement at face value : an attempt at social , rather than political control .
Still , if the software does have the ability to perform remote updates of a blacklist , it will mean that the Chinese government has given itself the option of having the capacity to filter political content , available at the flick of a server - side switch .
Posted on by steve blank
Entrepreneurs tend to view adversity as opportunity .
You ’re Hired , You ’re Fired .
My first job in Silicon Valley : I was hired as a lab technician at ESL to support the training department .
I packed up my life in Michigan and spent five days driving to California to start work .
( Driving across the U.S. is an adventure everyone ought to do .
It makes you appreciate that the Silicon Valley technology - centric culture - bubble has little to do with the majority of Americans . )
With my offer letter in - hand I reported to ESL ’s Human Resources ( HR ) department .
I was met by a very apologetic manager who said , “ We ’ve been trying to get a hold of you for the last week .
The manager of the training department who hired you was n’t authorized to do so – and he ’s been fired .
I am sorry there really is n’t a job for you . ”
I was stunned .
I had quit my job , given up my apartment , packed everything I owned in the back of my car , knew no one else in Silicon Valley and had about $ 200 in cash .
This could be a bad day .
I caught my breath and thought about it for a minute and said , “ How about I go talk to the new training manager .
Could I work here if he wanted to hire me ? ”
Taking sympathy on me , the HR person made a few calls , and said , “ Sure , but he does n’t have the budget for a lab tech .
He ’s looking for a training instructor . ”
You ’re Hired Again
Three hours later and a few more meetings I discovered the training department was in shambles .
The former manager had been fired because :
ESL had a major military contract to deploy an intelligence gathering system to Korea they needed to train the Army Security Agency on maintenance of the system the 10 week training course ( 6 - hours a day ) had n’t been written the class was supposed to start in 6 weeks .
As I talked to the head of training and his boss , I pointed out that the clock was ticking down for them , I knew the type of training military maintenance people need , and I had done some informal teaching in the Air Force .
I made them a pretty good offer – hire me as a training instructor at the salary they were going to pay me as a lab technician .
Out of desperation and a warm body right in front of them , they realized I was probably better than nothing .
So I got hired for the second time at ESL , this time as a training instructor .
The good news is that I had just gotten my first promotion in Silicon Valley , and I had n’t even started work .
The bad news is that I had 6 weeks to write a 10 week course on three 30 - foot vans full of direction finding electronics plus a small airplane stuffed full of receivers .
“ And , oh by the way , can you write the manuals for the operators while you ’re at it . ”
Since there was very little documentation my time was split between the design engineers who built the system and the test and deployment team getting the system ready to go overseas .
As I poured over the system schematics , I figured out how to put together a course to teach system theory , operations and maintenance .
Are You Single ?
After I was done teaching each the day , I continued to write the operations manuals and work with the test engineers .
( I was living the dream – working 80 hour weeks and all the technology I could drink with a fire hose . )
Two weeks before the class was over the head of the deployment team asked , “ Steve are you single ? ” Yes .
“ Do you like to travel ? ” Sure .
“ Why do n’t you come to Korea with us when we ship the system overseas . ”
Uh , I think I work for the training department .
“ Oh , do n’t worry about that , we ’ll get you temporarily assigned to us and then you can come back as a Test Engineer / Training Instructor and work on a much more interesting system . ”
More interesting than this ?
Sign me up .
You ’re Not So Smart , You Just Show Up a Lot
While this was going on , my roommate ( who I knew from Ann Arbor where he got his masters degree in computer science , ) could n’t figure out how I kept getting these increasingly more interesting jobs .
His theory , he told me , was this : “ You ’re not so smart , you just show up a lot in a lot of places . ”
I wore it as a badge of honor .
But over the years I realized his comment was actually an astute observation about the mental mindset of an entrepreneur , and therein lies the purpose of this post .
Congratulations ,
You ’re now in Charge of your Life
Growing up at home , our parents tell us what ’s important and how to prioritize .
In college we have a set of classes and grades needed to graduate .
( Or in my case the military set the structure of what constituted success and failure . )
In most cases until you ’re in your early 20’s , someone else has planned a defined path of what you ’re going to do next .
When you move out on your own , you do n’t get a memo that says “ Congratulations , you ’re now in charge of your life . ”
Suddenly you are in charge of making up what you do next .
You have to face dealing with uncertainly .
Most normal people ( normal as defined as being someone other than an entrepreneur ) seek to minimize uncertainty and risk and take a job with a defined career path like lawyer , teacher or fire fighter .
A career path is a continuation of the direction you ’ve gotten at home and school – do these things and you ’ll get these rewards .
( Even with a career path you ’ll discover that you need to champion your own trajectory down that path .
No one will tell you that you are in a dead end job .
No one will say that it ’s time to move on .
No one will tell you that you are better qualified for something elsewhere .
No one will say work less and go home and spend time with your partner and / or family .
And many end up near the end of their careers trapped , saying , “ I wish I could have … , I think I should have … ” )
Non-Linear Career Path
But entrepreneurs instinctually realize that the best advocate for their careers is themselves and that there is no such thing as a linear career path .
They recognize they are going to have to follow their own internal compass and embrace the uncertainty as part of the journey .
In fact using uncertainty as your path is an advantage entrepreneurs share .
Their journey will have them try more disconnected paths than someone on a traditional career track .
And one day all the seemingly random data and experience they ’ve acquired will end up as an insight in building something greater than the sum of the parts .
Steve Job ’s 2005 Stanford commencement speech still says it best –
Stay Hungry , Stay Foolish .
Lessons Learned
Trust your instincts
Showing up a lot increases your odds
Trust that the dots in your career will connect
Have a passion for Doing something rather than Being a title on a business card .
Filed under : Customer Development , ESL , Technology | Tagged : Entrepreneurs , ESL , Steve Blank |
New fathers do n't have to meet all the expectations mothers do , said Brett Singer in ParentDish , but why do so many people seem stuck on the silly " notion that women are somehow wired for parenting and men are not " ?
British newspapers are citing Michael Lewis ' new book Home Game : An Accidental Guide to Fatherhood as evidence that men have to adjust in order to love their children .
In the age of modern parenting , that " sounds pretty old - fashioned to me . "
Plenty of guys say men are n't natural parents , said Ellie White in Britain 's The Sun .
In addition to Michael Lewis , who writes that fatherhood can be " boring and demoralizing , " there 's Ben George , editor of the literary journal Ecotone , who says men are only beginning to talk openly about the " dark moments of fatherhood . "
And Fox News broadcaster Steve Doocy , author of the forthcoming book Tales From the Dad Side : Misadventures in Fatherhood , says men are n't wired for parenting the way women are .
Men are wired to be good parents , said Aaron Traister in Salon , but many struggle to overcome pressure from a society that still tells them they should be making money and not taking care of babies .
The old gender roles started crumbling the moment our moms entered the workforce .
Instead of clinging to the responsibilities men think we should have , we should " embrace the ones that are right in front of us , " the ones wearing the droopy diapers .
The project will use electric car batteries to store excess energy and feed electricity back into the grid when the weather is calm
Cars could be the solution to the intermittent nature of wind power if a multimillion European project beginning on a Danish island proves successful .
The project on the holiday island of Bornholm will use the batteries of parked electric cars to store excess energy when the wind blows hard , and then feed electricity back into the grid when the weather is calm .
The concept , known as vehicle - to - grid ( V2G ) is widely cited among greens as a key step towards a low - carbon future , but has never been demonstrated .
Now , the 40,000 inhabitants of Bornholm are being recruited into the experiment .
Denmark is already a world leader in wind energy and has schemes to replace 10 % of all its vehicles with electric cars , but the goal on the island is to replace all petrol cars .
Currently 20 % of the island 's electricity comes from wind , even though it has enough turbines installed to meet 40 % of its needs .
The reason it cannot use the entire capacity is the intermittency of the wind : many turbines are needed to harness sufficient power in breezes , but when gales blow the grid would overload , so some turbines are disconnected .
So the aim of the awkwardly named Electric Vehicles in a Distributed and Integrated Market using Sustainable Energy and Open Networks Project – Edison for short – is to use V2G to allow more turbines to be built and provide up to 50 % of the island 's supply without making the grid crash .
Each electric vehicle will have battery capacity reserved to store wind power for the island rather than for travelling .
This means it acts like a buffer , says Dieter Gantenbein , a researcher at IBM's Zurich Research Laboratory .
IBM is developing the software needed for the island 's smart grid , and will showcase its work next week .
When the cars are plugged in and charging their batteries , they will absorb any additional load the grid cannot cope with and then feed it back to power homes when needed , he says .
" It 's never been tried at this scale , " says Hermione Crease of Cambridge - based Sentec , which develops smart grid software .
There are plenty of smart grid trials already under way , usually involving the use of software to monitor and manage supply and demand , for example , by temporarily switching off industrial cooling units during periods of peak load , she says .
But unlike these so - called " negawatt " approaches , proving that cars can be used as part of the grid has yet to attempted .
Andrew Howe of RLTec in London , another smart grid technology firm , says many important questions need answers .
It is not clear , for example , how the cost and lifetime of batteries will influence the economics of such a system .
These are the kinds of issue the project seeks to shed light on , says the project manager Jørgen Christensen of the Danish Energy Association , which with technology companies Siemens and Dong and the government are running the scheme .
About Me - Mexican Armstrong Mexican Armstrong Austin , Texas , United States I 'm 28 years old and I was born and raised in Houston , Texas .
I am third generation Mexican American and a unique mix of Latino heritage and modern American influences .
I like to think of myself as a ' Texas Boy ' because I like many other Texans , are inherently full of pride about their land and our State .
I readily admit that many here would consider me as ' city slicker ' as they come .
When people come to Texas they have a saying , " I was n't born in Texas but I got here as soon as I could " .
Well I was born here , and I happily moved to Austin as soon as I could . ;-)
I am a graduate of the McCombs School of Business and I continue to be passionate about my thirst for knowledge about business and entrepreneurship with a focus on technology .
This has culminated in my current studies of Business Intelligence for MexicanArmstrong.org .
View my complete profile
Not that one needs an excuse to hold a moon - bounce , but this one is being held as a kind of advance celebration of the 40th anniversary next month of the Apollo 11 mission .
Image Michael Cousins , an engineer at SRI International , a non-profit that operates the dish , center , in the control room , with Ham operators Lance Ginner , left , and Jim Klassen .
Credit ... Jim Wilson / The New York Times
Moon - bouncing , also known as Earth - Moon - Earth communications , or E.M.E. requires a higher grade of ham - radio technology than that used for traditional earth - bound communication across parts of the radio spectrum approved by governments for amateur use .
Only about 1,000 hams worldwide have stations capable of moon - bouncing .
Skill and luck also help .
As the hams say , the moon is a poor sounding board , since it is spinning and has a rough surface that can disrupt signals .
The hams ’ voices must survive atmospheric interference over the long round - trip journey in a discernible form .
“ It ’s the equivalent of climbing Mount Everest in amateur radio , ” said Joseph H. Taylor Jr. , a Nobel Prize winner and retired physics professor from Princeton University who has written software to help radio buffs communicate via weak signals .
“ It ’s possible , but only barely possible . ”
Large dishes like those owned by the government and communications companies can solve many of these problems by making it easier to send and receive signals .
That ’s why the hobbyists have searched out retired or rarely used dishes .
So far , operators of about 20 large dishes in the United States , Australia and Europe have agreed to participate in the event .
President Barack Obama brushed off a question about legalizing marijuana in his online town hall last month , but guitar god Carlos Santana says he wishes he would seriously consider it .
“ Legalize marijuana and take all that money and invest it in teachers and in education , ” Santana said in an interview this week .
“ You will see a transformation in America . ”
During his online town hall on March 26 , Obama fielded a question about whether legalization of the illicit drug would help pull the nation out of recession .
Obama said he did n’t think it was good economic policy , and also joked : “ I do n’t know what this says about the online audience . ”
But Santana said making pot legal is “ really way overdue , like the prohibition with the alcohol and stuff like that .
“ I really believe that as soon as we legalize and decriminalize marijuana we can actually afford a really good governor who wo n’t keep taking money away from education and from teachers and send him back to Hollywood where he can do ‘ D ’ movies and we can get an ‘ A ’ governor , ” referring to former movie action hero and California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger .
Santana made the comments as he was promoting his upcoming rock residency in Las Vegas at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino .
The show debuts May 27 and runs through 2010 .
“ It ’s a milestone for me because I always said I would never do certain things , ” Santana said , adding that the list included staying in one place for too long .
“ Yet what is very different is this is the year I decided to do all the things that I said I would never do .
It ’s a way of coming into a room that I thought was dark and I would be afraid and I actually bring my light to it . ”
Santana , whose hits vary from “ Evil Ways ” to “ Maria Maria , ” said he is also working on two upcoming albums .
While the 61 - year - old has previously talked about a possible retirement , he ’s decided to be more careful about predicting the future .
“ Every time I tell God my plans he cracks up , he starts laughing .
So I just decided to be quiet for a while and not say that I am going to retire and go to Maui and become a minister , ” he said .
“ God was cracking up .
He thought it was a good joke .
So I said , ‘ OK . ’
Every time I want to make him laugh I tell him my plans .
So we ’ll see . ”
– Article from The Associated Press .
How to Save Money Every Month
It ’s easy to stop pulling out the wallet every once in a while and declare triumph , but do n’t kid yourself — we know it ’s the recurring expenses that really drown us into debt .
The monthly expenses are what most people neglect because they are subconsciously trained to ignore it after seeing the same line item month after month .
Let me tell you the truth .
There are a few areas of your spending that , once eliminated , will save you money every single month .
Getting curious ?
Here ’s the tip of the iceberg :
The Usual and Important Bills to Cut Every Month
Cell Phone .
Remember me getting a few hundred dollars for switching cell phone carriers ?
What I did n’t mention is that many people are starting to look into prepaid plans as well .
The per minute cost may be high but if you never experienced having your ears burn because you talk too much on the phone , you probably can save some money by paying as you go .
Remember me getting a few hundred dollars for switching cell phone carriers ?
What I did n’t mention is that many people are starting to look into prepaid plans as well .
The per minute cost may be high but if you never experienced having your ears burn because you talk too much on the phone , you probably can save some money by paying as you go .
Home Phone .
I do n’t have a home phone and I have no idea why the business model still exists .
Do you have one still ?
That ’s so 1980s …
I do n’t have a home phone and I have no idea why the business model still exists .
Do you have one still ?
That ’s so 1980s … Internet .
Have you looked into the different technology ( and thus , options ) available to you ?
Could you actually buy an Internet capable phone and hook it up to a PC ( a feature known as tethering ) to get essentially the same service for a fraction of the cost ?
Have you looked into the different technology ( and thus , options ) available to you ?
Could you actually buy an Internet capable phone and hook it up to a PC ( a feature known as tethering ) to get essentially the same service for a fraction of the cost ?
TV .
The case is made countless times but I bet many of you still pay way too much for your favorite shows .
There are many legal ways to watch TV online like hulu.com and if you are a movie buff , there ’s always the idea of using a Netflix coupon to get some free service .
The case is made countless times but I bet many of you still pay way too much for your favorite shows .
There are many legal ways to watch TV online like hulu.com and if you are a movie buff , there ’s always the idea of using a Netflix coupon to get some free service .
Gym Membership .
Gym ?
Do you actually go ?
Most people are going after a healthy and fit body instead of becoming a muscle man ( or lady ) .
The fittest people are always the ones who go out to jog every day .
They run on the road , on the beach and in the parks .
You do n’t need to smell other people ’s sweat and pay a bunch of money just to stay fit right ?
Gym ?
Do you actually go ?
Most people are going after a healthy and fit body instead of becoming a muscle man ( or lady ) .
The fittest people are always the ones who go out to jog every day .
They run on the road , on the beach and in the parks .
You do n’t need to smell other people ’s sweat and pay a bunch of money just to stay fit right ?
Clubs , Newsletters , Subscriptions .
Enough said .
Unless they provide real value , stop paying for it .
Enough said .
Unless they provide real value , stop paying for it .
Electricity .
Many tricks we know , but in order to save money every month , we have to change our habits .
Turn off the lights and electronics whenever it ’s not needed , dial down the water heater to 112 degrees , open the windows instead of using A/C are all simple ways to not only save but to put less strain on the overall environment .
Many tricks we know , but in order to save money every month , we have to change our habits .
Turn off the lights and electronics whenever it ’s not needed , dial down the water heater to 112 degrees , open the windows instead of using A/C are all simple ways to not only save but to put less strain on the overall environment .
Pills .
It ’s easy to switch your prescriptions to generic brands and best of all , it ’s almost always cheaper .
( Stole this tip from Frugal Dad .
Check out his list at the bottom of the post )
It ’s easy to switch your prescriptions to generic brands and best of all , it ’s almost always cheaper .
( Stole this tip from Frugal Dad .
Check out his list at the bottom of the post ) Cars .
Oil changes and regular maintenance may be out of your league but wash your own cars .
Please .
Oil changes and regular maintenance may be out of your league but wash your own cars .
Please .
Insurance Companies .
Call the representatives regularly and see if there is a better deal ( remember their competition as well ) .
If everyone does this , it may even create more jobs .
Activities You Should Try
Stop Bringing Your Credit Card Out for a Month .
At first , you will feel very restricted but you will slowly realize where you are spending money on .
It ’s amazing that we remember our purchases so much better when we pay in cash .
At first , you will feel very restricted but you will slowly realize where you are spending money on .
It ’s amazing that we remember our purchases so much better when we pay in cash .
Try Paying All Your Bills by Check for 3 Months .
Stop all the automation for 3 months and see what happens .
When you have to spend time to handle payments , you will find a way to cut out the ones that are n’t absolutely necessary .
Stop all the automation for 3 months and see what happens .
When you have to spend time to handle payments , you will find a way to cut out the ones that are n’t absolutely necessary .
Pretend You are Broke for 2 Months .
The ramen days are over but that does n’t mean the hard earned money that we have should go to waste .
Try it .
It ’s quite fun ( I lived with $ 34.01 a week once and learned a few things )
The ramen days are over but that does n’t mean the hard earned money that we have should go to waste .
Try it .
It ’s quite fun ( I lived with $ 34.01 a week once and learned a few things ) Add Up All Your Monthly Recurring Subscription Cost for the Year .
It ’s amazing how pricing strategy works .
$ 37 a month is actually closer to $ 450 a year .
It ’s not that cheap after all .
It ’s amazing how pricing strategy works .
$ 37 a month is actually closer to $ 450 a year .
It ’s not that cheap after all .
Check Your Credit Card Statements .
One of the worst money suckers are the ones that automatically charge our credit cards .
It ’s no wonder why my credit card balance is 4 digits every month and I left the card in the freezer .
What do you do to save money every month ?
I know you have some great tips and tricks — share them in the comments !
Editor 's Note : Did you know about the service called $ 5 meal plans ?
For $ 5 a month , they send you recipes of delicious , healthy , yet cheap food that costs just $ 5 a meal .
Several of my friends signed up and they are able to eat at home more because the instructions are easy to follow , making everything convenient .
The deal also comes with grocery shopping lists , which saves them so much time .
Check it out yourself by clicking here and you too may be able to save more and become healthier at the same time .
On Friday I attended Glenn Greenwald ‘s presentation of his report , “ Drug Decriminalization in Portugal , ” at the Cato Institute .
Greenwald studied how Portugal ’s policy of decriminalizing the personal possession of all drugs in 2001 has fared .
Portugal ’s policy has been a “ resounding success . ”
Decriminalization is dismissed out of hand by those that consider drugs a moral issue , but prohibitionists that stoop to debate argue decriminalization will bring a “ parade of horrors . ”
Some of these are that usage and addiction rates will explode , more children will do drugs , and decriminalized areas will become drug tourist havens that will spread addiction throughout the world .
None of these things have occurred in Portugal .
Instead a massive amount of financial resources have been freed up to provide treatment to those that want it .
In addition , more of the population has been willing to take advantage of government - supplied treatment now that there is no fear of criminal ramifications .
These results are unsurprising to those that understand how exaggerated the evils are surrounding “ hard ” drugs .
On average , criminalization prevents responsible and conscientious people from using drugs – the exact population that can handle the freedom sensibly .
Note : Greenwald pointed out that the Portuguese commission had considered legalization but believed it could not legalize without violating international treaty obligations .
( These treaties are enforced by zealous drug - war states like the United States . )
He added that small countries like Portugal actually have to follow international treaties .
Sources :
1. Glenn Greenwald , “ Drug Decriminalization in Portugal , ” ( 2009 ) .
LINK
POS System Support Packages
When you buy POS systems from us , we offer 24/7 support with your system .
Plus we also have several support packages , such as Phone Support , Remote Access Support , and On- site Support .
What ’s more , you can choose to have us custom design a support package to fit your restaurant , hospitality venue , or retail store ’s hours of operation .
And when you call us , you ’ll speak with someone who knows you and your business .
Virtual System Monitoring
Get state - of - the - art virtual system monitoring at an affordable price .
Enjoy a convenient Web - based system , designed specifically for your business , that monitors all your POS hardware as well as critical elements of your POS software and credit - card processing programs .
Back To Top
Custom Menu Design
Want a point of sale menu custom designed ?
No problem .
You can rely on our experienced staff to create a POS interface for you or help you develop a custom menu on your own .
When you use us to custom design a menu , you can expect us to provide an accurate , guaranteed up - front estimate .
Back To Top
POS System Networking
Need a technical expert to design , setup , and install your POS network support system ?
Stay focused on your restaurant , hospitality venue , and retail store ’s success and leave the technical work to us .
Want a “ bulletproof network ” for consistent , reliable POS operation and high - speed credit card processing with redundancy ?
No problem .
We will use Cisco hardware to deliver a “ bulletproof network . ”
You can rely on us for professionally installed , high - quality network cabling and infrastructure .
Back To Top
Online Ordering
Tap into a 24/7 marketplace with secure online ordering .
You can take your business to the next level by developing a whole new client base and connect with your current customers in new ways on the World Wide Web .
For example , we can put your restaurant ’s menu online and totally integrate it with your in - house POS system , so when a customer orders online it gets processed immediately , eliminating duplicate entry and errors .
Plus your customers can pay online too because we can integrate it with your existing credit card processor .
We will integrate your POS system with your Web site , so you can capture potential clients and customers that are browsing your business online .
Think of it as a virtual POS cash register !
Back To Top
Veteran San Jose Fire Capt .
Randy Sekany hung up his helmet in December at the age of 53 .
But he did n’t leave behind his $ 100,000 - a - year - plus salary .
Instead , he joined the ranks of hundreds of former city workers making six - figure sums , with a pension that will pay him $ 121,510 this year .
He is one of 44 firefighters and police officers who left the city last year alone with six - figure pensions , thanks to a controversial retirement system that is receiving renewed scrutiny .
Even as the cash - strapped city cuts services , it is contributing more than ever to shore up the pension fund amid the market meltdown .
Under the system , San Jose ’s veteran public safety workers do n’t have to be retired for long before their pensions exceed their former salaries .
Depending on how long they worked for the city , they can retire with 90 percent of their salaries while receiving guaranteed , 3 percent annual cost - of - living increases — while private - sector workers are seeing their 401 ( k ) s gutted by market losses .
All told , San Jose ’s $ 100,000 - plus pension club includes 256 retired officers and firefighters and 34 other city workers .
“ It ’s absolutely outrageous , ” said Jerry Mungai , a San Jose resident who retired from Cypress Semiconductor and is frustrated that while city retirees collect hefty pensions , his street is “ cracked and crumbling ” and no one picks up the phone when he calls City Hall .
Through contract negotiations over the past decade , firefighter and police officer pensions rose to 90 percent of their former salaries after 30 years on the job , up from the maximum 75 percent they once shared with the rest of the city ’s workers .
Union negotiators cited a need to keep pace with inflation and the state retirement system .
Records compiled at the request of the Mercury News show that effort has created different classes of San Jose retirees :
Half the officers and firefighters who retired last year will make $ 100,000 or more annually , while fewer than 7 percent of those who retired a decade ago will see their inflation - adjusted pensions reach that mark .
Government employee pensions have drawn heightened scrutiny in San Jose and elsewhere as officials divert tax money from public services into pension funds to meet the mounting costs .
CalPERS , the retirement system for state workers , has seen costs soar in the past decade , and Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger is demanding changes to the benefits .
Even as it trims library hours and hikes fees for residents , San Jose is contributing $ 131 million into the city ’s $ 3.2 billion employee retirement system now , up from $ 125 million last year .
City officials say next year ’s tab could rise an additional $ 52 million to help offset more than $ 1 billion in recent pension fund investment losses .
San Jose leaders are hearing from many residents like Mungai , who chafe at costly retirement packages for city workers amid the city ’s eight - year run of red ink .
The 71 - year - old retired financial manager said he has no pension and lives on savings , investments and his $ 24,000 a year from Social Security .
In fact , only 12 percent of retirees from private businesses have defined - benefit pensions to complement Social Security , according to the nonprofit Employee Benefit Research Institute .
Their average annual pension is $ 13,083 .
San Jose ’s growing pension costs have prompted the city manager to suggest paring back retirement benefits for new hires , but the unions must agree to such changes and so far are balking .
Sekany , who remains president of the firefighters union , and other city retirees note that they do n’t receive Social Security and that , as employees , they helped pay for their pensions .
“ Our members got benefits that allow them to maintain the lifestyle they had as an active employee , ” said Sekany , who spent 28 years with the city .
“ They certainly do n’t become millionaires as a result of their pensions . ”
But the retirement benefits even for the city ’s civilian work force still far exceed those available to private - sector employees , whose taxes guarantee government pensions .
The average pension for retired San Jose workers is almost three times the average Social Security retirement benefit .
For former officers and firefighters , it ’s more than five times as high .
City retirees also can get free health care .
Not only that , but San Jose employees can retire much earlier — in their early to mid-50s — while privately employed workers must wait until their late 60s to collect full Social Security benefits .
That has allowed many former San Jose officials to continue in other careers while collecting city pensions .
The $ 100,000 - plus pension club includes former San Jose Police Chief Bill Lansdowne , now chief in San Diego , and Carl Mosher , the former environmental services director , who is now deputy airport director for Sacramento County .
( See Internal Affairs , Page 3B . )
Not all those with six - figure pensions were top city officials .
Those who retired in December and stand to receive more than $ 100,000 in retirement this year include lower - ranking fire engineers as well as a police sergeant .
But the records also portray a vastly different scope of benefits between recently retired officers and firefighters and those whose service ended long ago .
Public safety pensions have grown considerably in recent years , while those for other workers have risen only slightly .
Specifically , the Mercury News analysis found :
The average police and firefighter pension today for the 76 who retired in 1998 is $ 72,942 — still about twice the average for the city ’s 2,520 retirees who worked in other departments .
For the 90 public safety workers who retired last year , the average pension is $ 98,541 .
Half of last year ’s public safety retirees will get more than $ 100,000 , compared with just five of those who retired a decade ago .
As evidence of widespread vitamin D deficiency grows , some scientists are wondering whether the sunshine vitamin — once only considered important in bone health — may actually play a role in one of neurology 's most vexing conditions : autism .
The idea , although not yet tested or widely held , comes out of preliminary studies in Sweden and Minnesota .
Last summer , Swedish researchers published a study in Developmental Medicine and Child Neurology that found the prevalence of autism and related disorders was three to four times higher among Somali immigrants than non-Somalis in Stockholm .
The study reviewed the records of 2,437 children , born between 1988 and 1998 in Stockholm , in response to parents and teachers who had raised concerns about whether children with a Somali background were overrepresented in the total group of children with autism .
In Sweden , the 15,000 - strong Somali community calls autism " the Swedish disease , " says Elisabeth Fernell , a researcher at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm and a co-author of the study .
In Minnesota , where there are an estimated 60,000 Somali immigrants , the situation was quite similar :
There , health officials noted reports of autism among Somali refugees , who began arriving in 1993 , comparable to those found in Sweden .
Within several years of arrival , dozens of the Somali families whose children were born in the U.S. found themselves grappling with autism , says Huda Farah , a Somali - born molecular biologist who works on refugee resettlement issues with Minnesota health officials .
The number of Somali children in the city 's autism programs jumped from zero in 1999 to 43 in 2007 , says Ann Fox , director of special education programs for Minneapolis schools .
The number of Somali - speaking children in the Minneapolis school district increased from 1,773 to 2,029 during the same period .
Few , if any , Somalis had ever seen anything like it .
" It has shocked the community , " Farah says .
" We never saw such a disease in Somalia .
We do not even have a word for it . "
What seemed to link the two regions was the fact that Somalis were getting less sun than in their native country — and therefore less vitamin D .
The vitamin is made by the skin during sun exposure , or ingested in a small number of foods .
At northern latitudes in the summertime , light - skinned people produce about 1,000 international units ( IUs ) of vitamin D per minute , but those with darker skin synthesize it more slowly , says Adit Ginde , an assistant professor at the University of Colorado Denver School of Medicine .
Ginde recommends between 1,000 to 2,000 IUs per day , calling current recommendations of 200 IUs per day outmoded .
It ’s hard to definitively assess the extent to which Somali immigrant families in Sweden and Minnesota are experiencing increased rates of autism .
Somalia does n't have great records of the condition , says Rebecca Berkowitz , who works for a United Nations –affiliated NGO called Global Education Motivators .
" Children in Somalia may not even be getting diagnosed with autism due to the overall lack of awareness of the disorder , " Berkowitz says , in a nod to the fact that there is no Somalian word for it .
And Swedish scientists have reported autism rates overall have risen since they began studying the epidemiology of the disorder in the mid-1980s — just as U.S. Centers for Disease Control officials have noted an increase .
Still , proponents of the vitamin D–autism link say there is biological plausibility to their theory .
They cite a 2007 review by Allan Kalueff , a researcher now at Tulane University , in Current Opinion in Clinical Nutrition and Metabolic Care .
That review — based on more than 20 studies of animals and humans — concluded that vitamin D during gestation and early infancy was essential for " normal brain functioning . "
At the same time , the theory needs a lot of data to back it before others will give it much credence , given how many other potential reasons there are for a climb in autism rates .
Even Kalueff says he is n’t sure how vitamin D could be related to autism , even if it is an important player in the brain : " Discussions around autism specifically may be a right step or a wrong step , but they should not distract us from a much bigger picture . "
Catherine Lord , the director of the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor 's Autism and Communication Disorders Center , says she finds the Swedish study intriguing .
" But it is going to be really important to replicate these findings , " says Lord , who has studied the disorder for 40 years and has been instrumental in developing autism diagnostic instruments used in practice and research worldwide .
“ We are talking about a small group of children with a lot of social factors , including that these kids are very conspicuously different from your average Swedish child , and being assessed by people who are from very different culture . "
There is also the issue of consanguinity , she says , as many Somalis marry cousins .
" This does n't mean the study is wrong , " she says .
" But we need methodical testing . "
So Fernell and her colleagues are now measuring vitamin D blood levels in mothers and children with autism of both Somali and Swedish origin and comparing them with a control group of mothers and healthy children .
She will not say how many subjects the study includes , describe any preliminary results nor say when it will be complete .
Farah says Minneapolis researchers are now preparing to study the vitamin D levels of pregnant Somalis , other ethnic groups and Minnesotans of European stock .
( That data is particularly hard to come by because Vitamin D levels are not typically screened in pregnancy in the U.S. , says Stacy Brooks , a spokeswoman for the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists . )
The other potential reasons for a climb in autism rates :
There is increased attention to the condition in the U.S. , and Somalis are more likely to see a doctor after moving here .
Also , genes , studies have found , may play a role ; a number of papers , including a 1989 study of five Nordic countries and a 1995 British study , found that the concordance rate among identical twins was as high as 90 percent .
( Then there is the much - ballyhooed but ultimately disproved link to vaccines . )
Somali refugees , in particular , faced multiple stressors as they adjusted to their new lives in Sweden and Minnesota :
They had fled civil war , lost a supportive tribal culture , and replaced a diet of fruit , fresh meat and grains with processed food .
Perhaps , most importantly , they had traded family compounds and regular exposure to the equatorial sun for cloistered high - rise apartments .
But some of those potential cultural reasons could also point to vitamin D. Surrounded by strangers , the predominantly Muslim women covered themselves almost continuously when outdoors , says Gregory A. Plotnikoff , medical director of the Penny George Institute for Health and Healing in Minneapolis .
Plotnikoff , an internist , speaks Somali and has many Somali patients .
That meant less exposure to the sun for pregnant women , who would have worn less modest dress in private areas of their own family compounds .
And there is other evidence for a vitamin D link : Last November , Cornell University researchers published a study in Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine showing that children in rainy ( and therefore more overcast ) counties of Oregon , Washington and California were two times more likely to be diagnosed with autism than their counterparts in drier parts of the state .
" Our research is sufficiently suggestive of an environmental trigger for autism associated with precipitation , of which vitamin D deficiency is one possibility , " says study co-author Michael Waldman , a professor of management and economics at Cornell 's Johnson Graduate School of Management .
" Further research focused on vitamin D deficiency is clearly warranted . "
His research on environmental links to autism are ongoing ; he plans to publish in the coming months but will not disclose any of his studies until they are accepted by a journal .
Gene Stubbs , an associate professor emeritus of psychiatry and pediatrics at Oregon Health & Science University , says the preliminary research is already intriguing .
" We do n't have proof , but I am certainly leaning in the direction that this hypothesis could be correct for a proportion of kids , " says Stubbs , who has been studying autism for 30 years .
He is launching a pilot study of 150 pregnant women who have at least one child diagnosed with the disorder .
The women will receive 5,000 IUs of vitamin D3 during gestation and 7,000 IUs during lactation .
" If we find that we are able to reduce the recurrence rate of autism within families substantially enough , others will want to study this in larger groups with larger controls . "
It ’s fun to speculate “ what if ” on all the radical changes I ’d want to make , but really , if I suddenly became pumpking , my first thought would probably be “ Oh , sh*t … I better not f*ck this up ! ”
That ’s right .
All my JFDI inclinations would probably change overnight into DFIU .
What If I released a horribly broken Perl ?
Do I want to be known as “ worst pumpking EVAR ! " ?
Do I want that hanging over my head for all time ?
Do I want to go to a Perl event and be pointed out to newbies as “ the guy who screwed up Perl ” ?
Do I want it on Wikipedia or Yahoo or Google when I apply for jobs ?
Hell , no !
If I were pumpking , I ’d be so conservative I ’d make Newt Gingritch look like the mayor of San Francisco .
But I ’m not pumpking and so I advocate for change and faster progress .
Still , I have a lot of empathy for the reality of the situation that pumpkings are in .
( ( Volunteered to be in , no less ) )
I think it ’s a situation that is probably unavoidable when one individual signs up to be accountable for the success or failure of a large , public project .
I think the answer – to the extent there is one – is that Perl needs to find ways to spread the potential blame beyond a single figurehead and also lower the public penalty for failure .
That means fragmenting accountabilities in constructive ways that do n’t jeopardize overall progress .
It means having more explicit sandboxes for experimentation .
It means taking smaller steps .
It means having better risk management .
And , frankly , I think it means having better management as a whole .
That ’s hard to contemplate for a consensus - driven community of volunteers .
But I think it ’s a necessary step to achieve what appear to be some consensus goals .
I ’m not saying we need a constitutional convention ( though it ’s an interesting thought exercise ) , but I think the current model passed a tipping point long ago .
In some future posts , I ’m going to come back to these themes from a number of angles and try to put some structure around what I see as the fundamental issues and options .
While I do n’t think there should be changes until 5.10.1 is released , I think it ’s wise to start laying out the framework for a constructive dialog in the future .
Israel 's warning came from the sky , as it often does in the Gaza Strip .
But this time warplanes dropped neither bombs nor missiles on the impoverished Palestinian territory , but thousands of tiny leaflets warning Gaza 's residents to keep away from the 30 - mile - long border they share with Israel .
Stay at least 300 meters ( 1,000 feet ) from the border , the May 25 pamphlets advised Palestinians , or risk being shot by Israeli Defense Forces ( IDF ) .
Once a plush scene of rolling olive , citrus , and pomegranate groves , much of the border region is now just a barren landscape , marked only by the presence of IDF tanks , military watchtowers , and the occasional pop of gunfire .
Farmers and their families have been displaced , too afraid to return to their fields , while international humanitarian organizations are unable to make an assessment of the needs and damages of the area in the aftermath of the assault .
" We have n't been able to visit this area .
No organization has , " says Mohammed al - Shattali , project manager for the United Nations Food and Agricultural Organization ( FAO ) in the Gaza Strip .
" The war increased the amount of land destroyed , particularly in the border areas , and the farmers can't replant anything because it's too dangerous , " he says .
" The Israeli soldiers , they shoot at everything – dogs , sheep .
They are very tense . "
An Israeli - imposed buffer zone in the already narrow enclave was established more than a decade ago to thwart attacks by Palestinian militants , who use the border areas to launch homemade rockets at Israeli towns or dig tunnels to carry out attacks against IDF troops stationed at the border .
But what was previously just a sliver of fortified land on the strip 's northern and eastern perimeters now , in the aftermath of Israel 's January offensive in the territory , swallows roughly 30 percent of Gaza 's arable farmland , according to the FAO .
It stretches as deep as 1.25 miles inside Gaza 's territory in the north and half a mile in the east , despite the 300 - meter figure declared on the leaflets , the organization says .
Gaza is just 25 miles long and slightly more than six miles wide .
Israel 's rationale : prevent terrorism , future wars
The IDF Spokesperson 's Unit officially declined to comment on actions taken in the buffer zone , as well as on whether or not warning leaflets had in fact been dropped .
But Shlomo Brom , an IDF veteran and senior research fellow at the Tel Aviv - based Institute for National Security Studies , says Israeli army policy in the buffer zone is perfectly reasonable given the frequency of attacks by Palestinian fighters .
According to IDF statistics , more than 7,000 rockets have been launched at Israel from the Gaza Strip since 2005 .
In 2006 , Palestinian militants who dug a tunnel under the Israeli - Gazan border captured Israeli Cpl. Gilad Shalit , who has yet to be released .
" The buffer zone makes the digging of such tunnels much more complicated and much more difficult , " says Brig .
Gen. Brom ( ret. ) .
" And Israel established the zone mainly because Palestinian armed groups were attacking Israeli patrols with explosive charges on the Israeli side of the border . "
Brom says stricter enforcement of the buffer zone in the wake of Israel 's military assault is not aimed at making life more difficult for the people of Gaza , but to prevent them from suffering another similar attack in the future .
" The IDF is now more strict in maintaining this buffer zone because one of the reasons the recent military offensive was launched is because we allowed terrorist activities from Gaza to continue , " says Brom .
" If we are more strict and we do n't allow the situation to deteriorate , then we can avoid a repeat of the last war .
There is a smaller probability the fighting will escalate in Gaza . "
Dwindling supplies of fresh food
Both Israel 's January offensive and the newly expanded buffer zone have devastated Gaza 's agricultural sector , the FAO says .
Officially aimed at weakening the power of the Islamist movement Hamas , whose charter calls for the destruction of Israel , the three - week military assault destroyed much of the strip 's already dilapidated infrastructure , including wide swaths of agricultural land that are now part of the buffer zone .
The World Food Program ( WFP ) says the inability of Gaza 's farmers to cultivate their land in the wake of the assault is depriving the territory 's 1.5 million residents of an important source of otherwise scarce fresh food .
Already sparse after a 2 - year economic siege , Gaza 's local food markets face dwindling supplies of the parsley , spinach , chickpeas , dates , carrots , and pomegranates once grown on plots of land near the border .
Despite the buffer zone 's disastrous effects on the local population , Amnesty International 's head researcher for Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories says Israel 's expansion of it is not without merit .
" The movement westward of the danger zone , or Israel 's buffer zone if you 'd like , did n't just come out of the blue , " Donatella Rovera says .
" Israeli actions are linked somewhat to the fact that on the Palestinian side , there are people who go to these areas simply to farm their land and there are people who go and do other things , " she says .
" And the latter are legitimate targets , because they are combatants . "
But Ms. Rovera says Israel 's further encroachment on Gaza 's land is disproportionate to the threat involved , suggesting unmanned drones as a possible alternative method of surveillance .
' There has to be a way '
Since the operation ended on Jan. 18 , 12 Palestinian civilians have been shot – three of them fatally – in areas within 3,000 feet of the border , according to human rights activists and medical officials here .
Nabeel al - Najjar , a farmer from the rural village of Khuzaa , 15 miles southeast of Gaza City , was shot in the hand on Jan. 23 when he returned to the rubble of his home less than a mile from the border .
" I came back to see if I could get a few things from my house , and they shot me , " Mr. Najjar said .
" How can I continue to live here knowing I am close enough for them to kill me whenever they want ? "
In Jaher Al - Deek , a Bedouin farming village south of Gaza City , Omar Suliman has abandoned his decades - old olive grove , located a quarter mile from the Israeli border , for fear of being shot .
" When I was a kid , we used to be able to go to the border , " Mr. Suliman says over the crackle of gunfire from a nearby Israeli observation post .
" We would joke with the Israeli soldiers and give them grapes from our field .
They would give us chocolate , " he says .
" Now , they just shoot at us every day . "
Without guarantees for their safety , Gaza 's farmers are unlikely to return to the buffer zone in high numbers anytime soon , says the FAO's Mr. Shattali .
" The situation is very sensitive , for both sides , " he acknowledges .
" But there has to be a way people can cultivate their land without being killed . "
Japan may be “ in the American Embrace , ” as Gavan McCormack ’s Client State cogently argues , but in whose embrace is America ?
In Client State : Japan in the American Embrace , Gavan McCormack demonstrates how Japan ’s apparent nationalist turn owes much to the need to conceal the country ’s increasing subordination to American imperial designs .
However , a closer examination of the driving forces behind the US Empire in the 21st century suggests that both countries may be serving a quite different agenda .
Rightly described as a “ masterful ” analysis by fellow Japan expert Chalmers Johnson , McCormack ’s 2007 book expertly documents how Japan ’s postwar “ peace constitution ” has been steadily attenuated to the point of meaninglessness , as Tokyo has consistently bowed to pressure from Washington to become more active in its support of US hegemony , culminating in a “ merger ” of their military forces in the wake of 9/11 .
McCormack claims that this is “ an agenda heavily in the American , rather than the Japanese national interest . ”
But in what sense could the extremely costly wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , now being expanded into Pakistan under the “ antiwar ” commander - in - chief Obama , be said to be in “ the American interest ” ?
These illegal wars of aggression have been costly to America not only in terms of the trillions of dollars added to its ballooning national debt , but also in terms of the incalculable loss of credibility that it has suffered in the eyes of world opinion , appalled by the shameless lies about WMDs , the lurid scenes of torture in Abu Ghraib , and the massive casualties inflicted by high - tech weaponry on innocent civilians , whose lives are casually dismissed as “ collateral damage ” in the never - ending pursuit of the elusive Bin Laden .
The so - called War on Terror may be extremely profitable for weapons manufacturers , private military corporations , and the venal pro-war pundits they fund , but who else does it benefit ?
Big Oil , says the antiwar left .
But the “ no blood for oil ” adherents too may be misinformed , according to one leading analyst of the Iraq war .
“ Contrary to the view of most American progressives that oil , and specifically the interests of Big Oil , is the primary mover , there is no evidence that the major US oil corporations pressured Congress or promoted the war in Iraq or the current confrontation with Iran , ” James Petras argues in The Power of Israel in the United States .
“ To the contrary : there is plenty of evidence that they are very uneasy about the losses that may result from an Israeli attack on Iran . ”
And as for the American people , or at least those lucky enough to hold their jobs in the coming Wall Street - induced depression , they will be paying dearly in greatly increased taxes for their government ’s folly for the foreseeable future .
Considering all this , it is difficult not to concur with the conclusion of a policy paper published by the Institute for Research : Middle Eastern Policy ( IRmep ) that the War on Terror has been “ for the most part , extremely damaging to US interests . ”
The 2003 paper , “ Clean Break or Dirty War ? ” by Irmep , a Washington - based nonprofit organization that studies US - Middle East policy formulation , shows how policies originally prepared for Benjamin Netanyahu in 1996 by a study group which included the likes of Richard Perle , Douglas Feith and David Wurmser under the title “ A Clean Break : A Strategy for Securing the Realm ” came to shape US foreign policy under the Bush administration .
“ A Clean Break ” ( ACB ) advocated getting rid of Saddam Hussein , and the destabilisation or overthrow of the governments of Iran , Lebanon , Syria and Saudi Arabia for Israel to be truly safe .
Many of the same themes were repeated in the Project for the New American Century ’s 2000 document “ Rebuilding America ’s Defences , ” which , after the “ catastrophic and catalysing event ” of 9/11 , became the official US policy of “ preemptive war ” in the US National Security Strategy of 2002 , authored by PNAC signatory Paul Wolfowitz .
As the IRmep paper explains , “ … no set of policies ever come to fruition without an active and vocal distribution and implementation network . ”
This small but influential neocon network , ” it is argued , “ have achieved amazing success at seasoning and baking ACB policy agenda items into a tenuous mold as ‘ vital interests ’ of the United States itself . ”
The IRmep paper damningly concludes : “ Many US actions are simply so inexplicable that consideration of their chief benefactor , Israel , is the only reasonable explanation .
And as Americans dismiss Arab government charges that Israel is attacking them by proxy across the region , the evidence shows that the Arabs are correct .
‘ A Clean Break ’ is , at heart , an Israeli proclamation of ‘ Dirty War . ’ ”
The spies who love US
Indeed , Americans recently got an inkling of just how corrupted their political system has been by Israeli interests , or at least they would have if the mainstream media had given the latest twist in the AIPAC ( American Israel Public Affairs Committee ) spy scandal the serious attention it deserved .
For those who have n’t been following the story on Antiwar.com , where Justin Raimondo , Grant F. Smith , Philip Giraldi and others have written extensively about it , here ’s what happened .
Jeff Stein , who writes for Congressional Quarterly , reported in April that two former national security officials had read transcripts of National Security Agency wiretaps in which Democrat Congresswoman Jane Harman was overheard talking to a “ suspected Israeli agent ” who wanted her to lobby the Justice Department on behalf of two former AIPAC officials under indictment for violating the 1917 Espionage Act .
The two lobbyists , Steve Rosen and Keith Weissman , were charged with passing on classified information about Iran to the press and the Israeli embassy , which they had received from Colonel Lawrence Franklin , who had been a top Iran analyst in Douglas Feith ’s office at the Pentagon before Franklin pled guilty to espionage in 2005 .
In return for Harman ’s assistance , the Israeli operative promised to pressure House Speaker Nancy Pelosi to give Harman the chair of the House Intelligence Committee by threatening to withhold the political contributions of Haim Saban if she did n’t .
It was not a threat to be taken lightly , as Saban , the billionaire Israeli - American media mogul , had been the largest overall contributor to the Democratic National Committee during the 2001 - 2002 cycle , when , according to Matthew Yglesias , “ the party leadership was backing the Iraq War . ”
In case there are some outraged Democrats who might protest that Saban ’s support for the party was probably not just about Iraq , that he more than likely also approved of the Democrats ’ liberal domestic policies , Saban ’s own words should disabuse them of that notion .
On September 5 , 2004 he told the New York Times , “ I ’m a one - issue guy and my issue is Israel . ”
Considering that this self - confessed monomaniac used to spend hours on the phone with Ariel Sharon , the so - called “ man of peace ” who in a saner world would have been hauled to the Hague for war crimes , Saban ’s influence over the Democrats should be cause for concern , to say the least .
Now that the Iraqi “ threat ” to Israel has been effectively neutralized by the American invasion and seemingly endless occupation ( America ’s West Bank ? ) , Saban ’s current paramount concern appears to be the “ existential danger ” that Iran ’s non-existent nuclear weapons now pose to Israel , a state which already has hundreds of nuclear weapons — the only one in the Middle East which does .
Yet Israel is also the only one which is not under the supervision of the International Atomic Energy Agency , and the only one which has not acceded to the Non-Proliferation Treaty .
Despite these facts , Saban ’s recent acquisition of Univision , the largest Spanish - language broadcaster in the US , as part of a wider AIPAC outreach strategy to the growing Hispanic community , is probably intended to convince its 3.7 million viewers of the urgent need to spill more American blood , much of it Hispanic , in curbing the Iranian “ threat . ”
Lest anyone dismiss Haim Saban as an isolated ideologue attempting to use his wealth — he ’s the 102nd richest person in America — to remake US foreign policy in the image of the Likud party , consider that close to 60 percent of Democratic Party funding ( compared to 35 percent for the Republican Party ) comes from mainly hardline pro-Israeli Jews , unrepresentative of American Jews in general , who tend to be antiwar unless Israel is directly involved .
Rosen , another PNAC signatory , even had the chutzpah to lead the witch - hunt that prevented Charles Freeman from becoming chairman of the National Intelligence Council , practically smearing the respected diplomat as an “ anti- Semite ” for his failure to confuse American interests with Israel’s .
In that key position , Freeman would have been responsible for supplying the President with sound intelligence about genuine threats facing America , as opposed to the fake intelligence that led to the Iraq war , some of which made its way to the White House from Ariel Sharon ’s office via Douglas Feith ’s Office of Special Plans in the Pentagon , as recounted in Julian Borger ’s 2003 Guardian article , “ The Spies Who Pushed For War . ”
You ’d think Rosen would have kept a lower profile at least until his own trial was over , which was ultimately quashed in early May , apparently due to White House pressure .
But perhaps he was confident in the knowledge that in Washington Israel ’s security is “ sacrosanct , ” as Obama assured his AIPAC sponsors , whereas America ’s security seems to be for sale to the highest bidder , at least as long as most Americans are kept in the dark about the costs of their “ special relationship ” with Israel .
Dying for a lie
While US taxpayers had subsidised Israel to the tune of at least $ 108 billion up to 2006 ( currently $ 3 billion a year ) the Japanese too have paid dearly for their subordination to a US Empire prone to fight Israel ’s wars .
“ The seriously ill Japanese economy takes every possible step to prop up the equally ailing US economy , pouring Japanese savings into the black hole of American illiquidity in order to subsidize the US global empire , fund its debt , and finance its over - consumption , ” writes McCormack .
“ Japan has become the sine qua non of Washington ’s global , superpower strategy and status . ”
Japan ’s commitment to the War on Terror has brought added costs .
One estimate puts the cost of Japan ’s post - 9/11 “ rear support ” at $ 90 billion .
Tokyo promised another $ 5 billion for rebuilding an Iraq that had been destroyed by lies .
But Japan ’s treasure is no longer sufficient to satisfy Washington ’s demands of its “ client state . ”
Richard Armitage , yet another PNAC signatory , once told an Australian audience that an “ alliance ” meant that “ Australian sons and daughters … would be willing to die to help defend the United States .
That ’s what an alliance means . ”
As long as the Israel lobby maintains its stranglehold over US foreign policy , that also means being willing to die to defend Israel against its neighbours , who increasingly see its drive for regional hegemony as a real threat to their existence .
And as long as Japan remains in the American embrace , it wo n’t be long before Japanese parents will be expected to make a similar sacrifice .
Now if only there were a powerful Japan lobby in Washington — let ’s call it AJPAC — things might be a lot different .
Now , I know what you ’re thinking , ‘ Dear lord , another stupid article about video game to movie adaptations ?!
WTF JustPressPlay , this is stupid . ’
Well shut your brain up .
Because we ’re not here to bitch and moan about the past failures or even the past successes .
No sir .
We ’re classier than that ( for this article ) .
We could talk about something funny like a meta-adaptation like The Nines or ( the less - real ) The Movies : The Movie or the truly absurd like Pac Man : The Movie ( which is actually being considered ) – but we ’d rather suggest Hollywood ditch the game genres where story is sacrificed on behalf of gameplay .
Because video game adaptations are n’t hopeless .
They ’re just adapting the wrong games – because Hollywood is full of morons who ca n’t see past initial game sales to the content of the games themselves .
They ’ve chosen genres where story is second to mindless button mashing and teenagers yelling obscenities over headsets .
How about you adapt some games with actual character (s ) ?
Yes , first - person shooters enjoy popularity in the United States like no other genre – so the movies should make it big right ?
Well , not so much as past box office tallies have shown .
In fact if you trust Doom or The House of the Dead – the current efforts to convert Halo or Gears of War would be better spent researching new ways to creatively flaunt the burning of money .
Even third - person horror survival games have had their fair go in theaters with Silent Hill , Resident Evil , and Alone in the Dark – all horrible failures .
Fighters ?
Street Fighter , Street Fighter : The Legend of Chun Li and Mortal Kombat : Annihilation all knocked out in disappointing box office bouts .
Yes , yes , the games adapted so far have storylines – but story is n’t the basis of those games .
Usually the selling point of the games adapted are “ Shoot and kill ” , “ Punch and kick and kill ” or “ Run while shooting to not be killed ” .
But RPGs and adventure games hold the most promise for cinematic adaptations .
Unless you 're Brett Ratner , in which case you think adapting Guitar Hero makes sense .
Here are 10 games that may be old old but have great stories and – wait no , that 's enough .
Having a great story puts these franchises heads and tails above everything adapted so far .
Monkey Island
Made by LucasArts back in the time when adventure games were king , Guybrush Threepwood eked out a living as perhaps the worst and most timid pirate in the Caribbean .
Filled with hilarious dialogue and memorable characters , each entry in the series is pretty much a film waiting to be made .
Hey studios , you know what the best part is ?
There are four of them !
Sequels prepared and ready to go !
While Pirates of the Caribbean may have gone stale by installments 2 and 3 , the Monkey Island episodes never tired .
Even in the fourth game ( made weaker by its 3D graphics rather than stronger – which I think says a lot ) the funny kept flowing like sea water against the hull of a mighty galleon .
What stands in the way ?
Believe it or not , many years ago there was a plan to make a Monkey Island movie .
The characters were laid out , the story was there – and then the project dried up .
So what happened to all the hard work ?
Well , the character design and personality traits developed by the writer were recruited to a new project about pirates – yeah , that ’s right .
Captain Barbossa ’s striking resemblance to the Zombie Pirate LeChuck is no coincidence .
The head writer of the proposed Monkey Island movie went on to pen The Pirates of the Caribbean : The Curse of the Black Pearl .
Any hope ?
You bet !
After all , it was made by LucasArts and we ’ve all seen how George Lucase likes to squeeze every cent out of a franchise .
Give it time .
Space Quest
Roger Wilco . Sludge Vohaul .
Time travel .
Comedy .
Everything that did n’t make sense in Star Wars , Star Trek , Alien and every science fiction movie ever goes on parade in what still stands as one of the funniest series Sierra ever made .
That anyone ever made , really .
Roger Wilco rises and falls and rises and falls in the pecking order of the universe as the janitor with the most exciting interstellar life ever .
Whether he ’s fighting evil video game corporations , being chased through time or preventing a phlegmy alien species from taking over the universe , Roger Wilco is the every man .
His adventures were hilarious , the narrator his greatest tormentor and the possible deaths were plentiful .
What stands in the way ?
The same thing that stood in the way of Space Quest VII : Sierra .
New Space Quest projects have been dancing the limbo ever since Space Quest : The Spinal Frontier .
Just when you think they ’ve got another one coming , it all falls through in development hell .
Any hope ?
Well , it ’s been in a coma for more than six years now and considering the failure thus far has been on Sierra committing to the project , it would be interesting to see their reaction to Paramount or Fox taking it out of their hands and funding it themselves .
Star
Trek just got a boost in resurgence , so a smart and apt space comedy might seem timely in the years to come .
If so , the Space Quest Series is the perfect place to start .
King 's Quest
Yeah , you might ’ve seen that coming .
But think about it like this : if one of the King 's Quest adventures was given the proper respect with set and costume details like in the recent Duchess but with the feel of the classic Legend , this film could end up in Oscar territory for some of the technical awards .
Furthermore , it ’d be the perfect revival of a classic genre that could be made as a nice in - between for younger and older audiences alike .
If Stardust can work , there ’s hope for a King 's Quest movie as well .
Like the two series before this one , there ’s about 5 or 6 pre-written stories just waiting for the right studio .
What stands in the way ?
Sierra , again .
They ’re like a gigantic rock blocking off a treasure trove .
If some herculean studio could work up the muscle to roll that gigantic stone away and pluck up the rich titles beyond , they might be able to put an end to Sierra ’s Sisyphean issues once and for all .
Any hope ?
Period pieces are almost always immediate contenders for set design , costume and makeup work .
If the right studio put this into the proper hands , they could get a lucrative award - winning franchise up and running – and what studio would n’t find that tempting ?
The Legend of Zelda
Come on – just pick one .
Any of ‘ em .
Like King 's Quest , you ’ve got a prefabricated universe with characters and storylines just rearin ’ to go .
Hell , some fans even put together a trailer a year back that looked pretty damn excellent .
If a studio ca n’t use one of the pre-established stories of Link and Zelda as they toil against Gannon , then something has gone horribly wrong in Hollywoodland .
These films also have ripe sequels waiting in the wings and if given the production value of The Lord of the Rings series , these films could have “ money - maker ” written all over them .
What stands in the way ?
Honestly , no one ’s quite sure .
Development hell could be attributed to any number of things .
For one , the Nintendo franchises have a notorious record for failure ( outside that one rare Pokemon movie ) – so it ’s understandable that no studio wants another Super Mario Brothers on their hands .
Any hope ?
This is The Legend of Zelda , the only more prolific gaming franchise out there is Mario and it did pret -
Oh yeah .
Well , hopefully some ambitious Peter Jackson - type will pick up the mantle and run with it .
Someday .
Kingdom Hearts
Disney and Squaresoft hit a home run with their hybrid series .
Sora ( a new kid created just for the series ) teams up with Donald Duck and Goofy in a quest against a mysterious dark force that threatens to subvert the worlds of various Disney franchises and destroy the Disney kingdom ruled by none other than Mickey Mouse himself .
Regardless of whether or not you like RPGs or if you think ‘ Disney is stupid ’ this concept made for a kick - ass game .
The story , like any RPG , stretches on for hours and hours leaving plenty of room for film adaptation with little need for writers to come in and create new , unnecessary plotlines [ read : screw everything up ] .
To sweeten the deal , various Final Fantasy characters help the characters along the way meaning there ’s plenty of action and yet the kiddies still get their favorite Disney heroes on the screen .
It might not be safe for the younger chitlins , but if Disney ever wanted a movie guaranteed to restore its street cred to the new teenager generation – this movie would do it .
What stands in the way ?
Frankly ?
Nothing .
Unless you think Disney might be afraid of kids being exposed to Donald and Goofy hacking up black little gremlins .
Oh yeah , that .
Still , worth doing .
Any hope ?
Squaresoft and Disney already have an amiable relationship , the franchise is going strong and well , would n’t you know it , they have one of the biggest studios on the planet as a creator behind the series .
If they can figure out how to market the movie without putting up posters too close to the daycare centers of the world , I think it ’s doable .
Day of the Tentacle
One of the best animated games LucasArts ever put out .
It was zany , breezy and cool – and yet managed to sidestep any hentai - related eroticism .
Come on , that ’s pretty impressive .
As it ’s technically a sequel , the movie might need to start with a credit sequence which outlines the events of the original game – or they could just make a movie of the first one too .
Frankly , anyone familiar with the series should n’t mind a bit .
So what ’s the appeal ?
When a mad scientist ’s assistant tentacle drinks toxic waste , it grows arms , a unibrow and a taste for global domination .
That ’s right – any plot with a seemingly harmless creature trying to take over the world gets instant high marks in my book .
That ’s why Pinky and the Brain is so great .
Added bonus : the tentacle oddly resembles a clown hat with arms .
What stands in the way ?
All it needs is for some guy in the properties office at LucasArts to say , “ Hey , these games have just been sitting here .
Surely there ’s a way we can make more money off them ! ”
And we all know , again , how much George Lucas loves money .
Any hope ?
Give it time .
This will happen eventually .
Seiken Densetsu 3 ( Secret of Mana series )
The greatest SNES JRPG you never played ( unless you were an emulator junkie ) .
The story is rich , the characters diverse and with three possible storylines .
The locations alone were beautifully rendered in the game and it has enough general fantasy elements that any newcomer could sit down and get lost in mere moments .
Like any RPG , Seiken Densetsu 3 comes with a complete and full story with no need for expansion – only paring down for a manageable run time .
The possible main characters include a thief , a sorceress , a paladin , a werewolf , an amazon and a sprite ( I think she was a sprite ) .
I mean right there you have all of the general iconic archetypes of the fantasy roleplaying world .
It ’s like a prepackaged version of Dungeons and Dragons with a guarantee it wo n’t suck ( if they stick to the pre-existing storyline ) .
What stands in the way ?
Who the hell has heard of Seiken Densetsu 3 ?
The Secret of Mana series holds a bit more weight , but even it has faded from the limelight as a major series .
Any hope ?
Again , it ’s a Squaresoft product – but this time there ’s no Disney automatically tied into the deal .
Maybe if Kingdom Hearts :
The Movie ever happens Disney will go digging through Squaresoft ’s closet looking for hidden gems .
Chrono Trigger
Considered by many to be one of the greatest RPGs ever made , Chrono Trigger has enough material for an entire trilogy .
Time travel , ancient kingdoms , futuristic wastelands and almost every conceivable plot device you could hope for .
There are even dinosaurs .
Come on !
If done right , Chrono Trigger could put every time travel movie ever made to shame .
There have been talks about Chrono Trigger updates and there was a rehash for the Playstation years after its SNES release – but a movie of the game could be positively breathtaking .
What stands in the way ?
Will .
Someone at a studio needs to stand up and say , “ Hey , there ’s this great fan - favorite video game called Chrono Trigger – it ’s rich , deep and well - written – all we ’d have to do is get a director and pay for it . ”
Now if only Hollywood was capable of looking at games older than 2 years for film ideas .
Any hope ?
It stands as one of the greatest RPGs of all - time and it has a story and script waiting to be committed to film .
There ’s so much potential .
Super Mario RPG
I know , I know , we already made a slight against the Mario - verse for having delivered an abysmal movie .
But that ’s only because once again a studio tried to infuse a very simple story with a lousy script and overcomplicated plot devices .
It ’s easier to cut down that it is to expand – that ’s why I ’m a film critic ( snap ) .
But similarly , with any other Mario - based game ( excluding Super Mario RPG ) you ’re taking a barebones concept and trying to inflate it to cover a meatier cinema frame .
It does n’t work .
That ’s the basic problem every game - turned - movie runs into .
But Super Mario RPG has a legitimate story which is the entire purpose of the game and not just an afterthought .
An enormous sword comes down from the sky and takes over Bowser ’s castle .
Mario , Princess , Bowser and a few new characters team up to rid the Mario - verse of these unwanted bad guys .
The game was one of the best RPGs to debut on the SNES ( in its waning days ) and remains in the top 3 Mario games of all time ( for me ) .
What stands in the way ?
Mario .
That name alone might make some studios run for the hills .
Even if it made its share of coin in the box office , there ’s such huge negative flak awaiting it in the online community .
Any hope ?
Like I said , this is the one Mario game that has a legitimate storyline that could support a movie on its own merits .
If any Mario title can undo the hurt left by the original Mario film – it ’s this one .
Final Fantasy
First , let ’s be very clear : Final Fantasy : The Spirits Within really is n’t a real Final Fantasy movie .
It may seem like a long cut scene from a FF title , but it has very few of the iconic elements of a FF story .
Pick an installment , any installment – except Final Fantasy VII .
Not because it ’s lesser , but because it ’s been explored to all ends with so many separate spin - offs .
Instead I ’d say choose one of the more visually creative installments of the last 4 or one the earliest 6 .
The series as a whole sports some of the most elaborate plotlines , breathtaking scenery and best character development – it pretty much screams for someone to make a movie out of them .
So what did Hollywood do ?
It went and wrote a totally unrelated adventure and slapped the Final Fantasy moniker across its front .
Besides some kickass animation there ’s not too much about it worth remembering – save for comically bad voice overs .
What stands in the way ?
Like Mario ’s unfortunate screen adaptation history , Final Fantasy has earned a cinema reputation as a dud .
You ’d like to think that one of the most popular video game franchises would be able to sell itself onto silver screens a second time – but the bitter taste of the first time might be too strong .
Any hope ?
Again , one of the longest - running and most popular video game series in the world , eventually someone will want to dabble in the waters of a Final Fantasy film once again .
Here ’s hoping they have the good sense to adapt a story and not create an inferior one .
This might be a shocker , but I ’m a bit of a nerd .
I get the same sort of visceral thrill from a cool new technology that a wine lover gets from a great wine , or an artist gets from seeing great art .
This morning I saw some technology that literally made me shiver .
I ’m talking actual goose bumps .
A young company called Neurosky .
( www.neurosky.com) is marketing a headset that reads your brainwaves .
Understandably , toy and game companies are scrambling to make games that you can control just by the way you are thinking about things .
The first toy out of the chute is a Jedi mind game in which you can cause a ping pong ball to rise just by concentrating .
You might be thinking the same thing I am : Must… have…ping…pong…ball…mind …game …
But that ’s not the shivery part .
Watch the Washington Post ’s Video about this technology .
The link is on the Neurosky home page .
It makes you feel as if you ’re seeing a glimpse of the future .
You have to wonder how far this line of technology can go .
I do n’t know about you , but I rarely go a minute without wishing I could buy some sort of technology that would make it unnecessary for me to move my arms and legs .
Imagine , instead of hunting all over your living room for the TV remote control , you could just sit on the couch visualizing it , and it would crawl out from its hiding place between the cushions and get on your lap .
Then it would determine what mood you were in and find the TV show that best suits you .
That might be a way off , but a man can dream .
Maybe you have a better idea for an application .
" Straw Bale Houses - An Evaluation " by The Big Bad Wolf " Well ... no way could I blow down that hay house .
No matter how hard I huffed and puffed and huffed " .
THE BIG PLUSES :
- STRONG - like a fortress particularly after the bales are plastered , but even before ( we would never have known from inside our straw bale that the winds we got one summer when we first started to build reached 85 mph )
- SUPER INSULATED and therefore highly energy efficient - warm in Winter , cool in Summer -- big savings on the utility bills
- QUIET - a stillness and peacefulness like no other house
- INEXPENSIVE TO BUILD - a truly affordable house if you have the patience and time to do a good deal of the work yourself and / or with the help of friends
- DEEP WINDOW - WELLS - some of the best on the planet for potted plants and cats and curling up to take a nap in
- EARTH-FRIENDLY
- living as we do in a world with increasingly scarce resources , does n't it seem the sensible and responsible thing to do to build a house with a waste material which is typically burned in the fields after harvest rather than cutting down more forests to build a wood - framed house -- which is in fact less energy efficient , less comfortable , and more expensive as well ! )
A FEW POSSIBLE MINUES :
- BANKS ARE LESS LIKELY TO LEND MONEY on a straw bale house , however this is rapidly changing , see sbregistry.greenbuilder.com/mortgage.straw for a list of financial institutions which have now loaned on straw bale homes
- A FEW CRANKY NEIGHBORS may view your house as " unconventional " if not downright disreputable ( see PROBLEMS - PROBLEMS for our troubles with these attitudes and also the unfortunate results of not thoroughly understanding local zoning and building code regulations )
June 8 , 2009 Admin
That ’s the question asked by Steve MacLaughlin , Director of Internet Solutions at Blackbaud , in a recent blog post .
He ’s talking about the fact that , on average , online fundaising appeals get less than a 1 % response rate … indeed , the average is less than 0.2 % .
Steve looked at data from the 2009 eNonprofit Benchmarks Study done by M+R Strategic Services and NTEN , as well as prior years .
Arguing why online response should be better than mail , Steve says :
" Email communication has more robust segmentation and personalization capabilities .
It has faster response cycles , is more cost effective to test , and combined with higher average gifts it can have better ROI than traditional channels .
Email is n’t perfect or the Holy Grail of marketing tools , but having success less than 1 % of the time should n’t be acceptable . "
Then he adds a point about the right approach to benchmarks :
" All statistical averages hide the reality that some organizations are well above the benchmark and others are way below it .
Successful nonprofits have learned that better segmentation , message testing , and integrating their efforts with other channels yields the best results .
These organizations also do n’t push the send button without having a goal for the campaign , a targeted audience for the email , a clear purpose for the message , a measurable call to action , and a plan to monitor the results .
99 % failure is not acceptable for these nonprofits . "
Amen !
Tom
* Illustration : Leandro Castelao *
Picture the lobby atrium of a new , green building , one filled with leafy plants and trees .
Now imagine that those trees are growing in waste collected from the building 's toilets .
If that idea has the whiff of failure about it , well , sniff again .
Increasingly , building designers are managing sewage in - house — really in - house .
The Port of Portland , for example , is integrating waste management into the lobby of its new headquarters under construction .
The Living Machine uses soil and bacteria to filter out pathogens , essentially turning wastewater into nonpotable water .
But the signature element of the system is the plant life that grows up and out of it — right into the lobby .
" It 's going to provide a kind of greenhouse feel , " says Greg Sparks , engineering design manager for the port .
" It'll soften the hard edges of the typical office building . "
Everybody likes trees , but ( aesthetics aside ) sending poop from the bathroom to the lobby may seem sort of icky .
In environmental terms , though , it 's a solid choice .
Just as photovoltaics can help take a building off the power grid , living machines take strain off the pipes and municipal wastewater facilities on the " sewage grid . "
They also show that being green means thinking more creatively about our brown and yellow .
1 Wastewater from the entire building flows into a holding tank where solids settle , like in a septic tank .
The reclaimed liquid up top gets pumped to the lobby .
2 Garden - like " wetland cells " layered with plants , soil , and rocks collect the water and capture biological compounds and pathogens .
3 On its way out of the garden , the water is further sterilized by ultraviolet light in the pipes .
Then it 's recycled back into the plumbing system .
Start Previous : NASA 's Icy - Hot Rocket Engine Next : Jargon Watch : Gastric Condom , Equasy , Dark Flow , Virtual Parent The Envirosight Supervision 250 Crawls Through Sewer Pipes So No Human Has To
Artist Wants Nuke Waste Dump to Make New Universes
With No Long - Term Solution , Nuclear Pallbearers Bury Waste in America 's Backyard
LEEDS , England , March 22 ( UPI ) -- A 23 - year - old British college student says she 's incorporating her hubby hunt into a work of art called The Husband Project .
Alex Humphrey says her efforts to find a spouse will form part of her degree from Leeds College of Art and Design .
The project is scheduled to end in three months with Humphrey including her marriage certificate in her final art presentation , reported The Sunday Times of London .
Advertisement
" I do n't want to wake up when I 'm 30 and think : oh my God , I 'm on my own , " said Humphrey , noting she is " looking for a relationship , not just a shag . "
Humphrey narrowed responses from more than 150 men to a shortlist of 10 men with a sense of humor and as tall or taller than Humphrey .
Her first date with Adam Mussett , 27 , a student from Greenwich University went well .
Still , Humphrey said she will date all 10 and may even fly to Chicago , where one prospect lives .
Mussett said he , too , had a good time but understands " if you go to a shop you do n't buy the first thing you see . "
The reason given for Sarah Palin 's snub was that NRCC Chairman Pete Sessions was concerned about not wanting to upstage former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , the fundraising gala 's keynote speaker .
Palin versus GOP
Sarah Palin ’s on - again , off - again appearance at Monday night ’s gala GOP fundraising dinner is off — again .
After being invited — for a second time — to speak to the annual joint fundraiser for the National Republican Congressional Committee and the National Republican Senatorial Committee , Palin was told abruptly Saturday night that she would not be allowed to address the thousands of Republicans there after all .
Advertisement
The Alaska governor may now skip the dinner altogether , and her allies are miffed at what they see as a slight from the congressional wing of the Republican Party .
The reason given for the snub , said a Palin aide , was that NRCC Chairman Pete Sessions was concerned about not wanting to upstage former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , the fundraising gala ’s keynote speaker .
“ A great deal of effort has been put into this fundraising event , and Speaker Gingrich has gone above and beyond the call of duty , ” said NRCC spokesman Ken Spain .
“ It is our hope that Gov. Palin will attend the dinner and be recognized , but we understand if her busy schedule does n’t permit her to do so . ”
The disinvitation from speaking , said a campaign committee official , was done “ out of respect ” for Gingrich .
“ You dance with the one who brung ya , ” said the official , who stressed that event organizers were still happy to have Palin appear and be introduced .
Ironically , Palin was originally supposed to be the headliner for the dinner .
NRCC Chairman Pete Sessions of Texas wanted the 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee to speak .
And officials with the two party committees thought earlier this spring that she had committed , even going so far as to issue a press release announcing her appearance .
But after public uncertainty as to whether she had actually accepted and would attend , the NRSC and NRCC decided to invite Gingrich instead .
Palin aides in Alaska say the governor never accepted that first invitation and attributed the mix - up to Washington - based advisers .
But then last week — in part due to the urging of Republican überfundraiser and Palin friend Fred Malek — the NRSC extended a new invitation for Palin to speak .
The plan , Republican sources say , was to make her appearance something of a surprise for GOP donors in attendance .
Palin was in New York this weekend on a mix of state and personal business — she celebrated the 50th anniversary of Alaska statehood Saturday at a large celebration in Auburn , N.Y. , the hometown of William Seward of “ Seward ’s Folly ” fame — and the idea was that she ’d swing down to the capital on Monday for the dinner before flying on to Texas for energy - related events .
Palin ’s staff had even been sent an agenda with the governor ’s speaking slot included .
The Politico 44 Story Widget Requires Adobe Flash Player
But then a finance official with the NRSC called Palin aide Meg Stapleton Saturday night to say that Sessions did n’t want Palin to speak .
Recounting the conversation Sunday , Stapleton said she told the NRSC staffer : “ Why , at a time when we ’re trying to build the party , would you pull a move like that on somebody who earlier in the day just attracted 20,000 people ? ”
Palin was to sit the table of NRSC Chairman John Cornyn of Texas , and Senate campaign committee officials were still trying Sunday to persuade the Alaska governor to attend .
“ Although the governor was unable to commit far enough in advance to be confirmed as the keynote , Sen. Cornyn has a great deal of respect and admiration for Gov. Palin , which is why he invited her to be his guest at the dinner , ” said NRSC spokesman Brian Walsh .
“ He hopes she will be able to attend but recognizes she also has a lot of competing demands on her schedule , so he also understands if she is not able to make it .
Regardless , she is an important leader in our party and is someone who Sen .
Cornyn thinks very highly of . ”
Malek , for decades a major behind - the - scenes player in the GOP , made note of his disappointment that Palin was not coming .
“ Sarah Palin is one of the most popular and magnetic figures in the Republican Party , and it would have been great to see her at the House - Senate dinner , ” Malek said .
“ But I guess it ’s just hard in the final days to adjust a program that has been carefully developed weeks in advance . ”
Niceties aside , this latest snafu involving Palin and the national party apparatus has left both sides deeply irritated .
Tired of being derided as the gang that could n’t shoot straight , Palin officials want it known that they were not responsible for this latest mix - up .
They say the governor was happy to appear and fire up party loyalists , but that , yet again , GOP operatives and officials in Washington would just as soon try to marginalize her .
But the dinner ’s planners are equally exasperated with Palin .
The NRCC , especially , is still irked about how she handled the original invitation in March , leaving the two committees scrambling to find a fill - in for what is their chief money - raising event of the year .
“ It was Pete who had invited her to the dinner early on , ” carped one campaign committee official about the initial process .
“ And she accepted , then unaccepted . ”
It was Cornyn ’s decision to move on and invite Gingrich , say House Republican officials , and his attempts to still bring her to the dinner are being seen by some as an effort to make amends with conservative activists who are miffed at him now in part because of his intervention on behalf of the more moderate candidate in the Florida GOP Senate primary .
But beyond one scheduling issue , this latest dust - up speaks to the ongoing turmoil within a beleaguered GOP .
Palin is still a major draw — hence her original invitation — and many in the grass roots of the party think she ’s got incomparable charisma and just - folks appeal .
As Palin appeared in Auburn and elsewhere in Central New York this weekend , locals and even some who ’d traveled long distances to see her encouraged her to mount a White House bid .
But many in the party establishment , mindful of her polarizing persona and the devastating caricatures that emerged last fall , would prefer she remain in Alaska and leave the party rebuilding to others who may appeal to the broad middle of the country .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Opposition parties and campaigners have condemned Gordon Brown 's decision to hold an independent inquiry into the Iraq war behind closed doors .
Tory leader David Cameron accused Mr Brown of " an establishment stitch - up " , while the Lib Dems threatened to boycott the " secret " inquiry .
Foreign Secretary David Miliband said all but the most sensitive evidence would be published in the final report .
And opposition parties had agreed to the composition of the inquiry team .
He said the government was " determined to match " the Franks inquiry into the Falklands war , which he said had set the " gold standard " in terms of thoroughness and access to papers .
' Lies and deceit '
But he also insisted that the inquiry would not find evidence of " dishonesty " in the use of intelligence in the run up to the Iraq war , adding that , in his view , the Butler report had found none .
" If you are looking for a great conspiracy you are not going to find it , " he told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme .
The inquiry needs to be , and needs to be seen to be , truly independent
David Cameron
In full : Brown 's statement UK fatalities in Iraq Nick Robinson 's blog
But he said the inquiry would answer critics who have said the government has been unwilling to hold a " comprehensive " inquiry into the Iraq war and its aftermath .
" Now that British troops are home , it is right that we have a genuinely comprehensive inquiry and I also think it 's worth pointing out that the prime minister 's made clear that when the report is published , everything except the most sensitive aspects of national security will be published . "
John Miller , whose son Simon was killed in Iraq in 2003 , said private hearings would be marred by " lies and deceit " .
But others argued that closed proceedings would be more effective .
Tory MP Michael Mates , who was part of the Butler inquiry into the intelligence that led to the Iraq war , backed the prime minister 's decision .
" Everybody who came in front of us ... was able to speak frankly and they were able to say what part they had played in this bit of intelligence or that , " he told the BBC .
" I do n't think we could have done as good a job for the country as we were able to do if we had to sit in public . "
' Full and candid '
The inquiry will start in July and take at least a year to complete .
It will cover the period from July 2001 to July 2009 and be chaired by civil servant Sir John Chilcot .
It will not seek to " apportion blame " , the prime minister said , but will aim to identify " lessons learned " .
The government had been urged to hold it in public , but Mr Brown said privacy would ensure that evidence given by politicians , military officers and officials would be as " full and candid as possible " .
Mr Cameron accused the prime minister of reneging on promises he made just a week ago to introduce a " new era of democratic renewal " and make politics more transparent .
" The inquiry needs to be , and needs to be seen to be , truly independent and not an establishment stitch - up , " the Tory leader said .
Former Lib Dem leader Sir Menzies Campbell rejected claims that a public enquiry would cost too much , insisting it would be " well worth the money if it stopped us making the same kind of mistake again " .
The present leader , Nick Clegg , who has threatened to boycott any private hearing , said it would be possible for a public inquiry to handle sensitive information by hearing some sessions on an exceptional basis behind closed doors .
Mr Clegg told the BBC : " This , remember , was probably the biggest foreign policy mistake that any government has made since Suez .
" It 's very important the the process by which we learn the lessons from that is open - the process of doing it is almost as important as the conclusions themselves . "
' Day of reckoning '
" This would have been a great moment for Gordon Brown , who has said he wanted more openness and transparency in politics , to show he meant it . "
Several of Mr Brown 's own Labour MPs also spoke out in favour of full disclosure .
Gordon Prentice said he was " not prepared to accept a secret inquiry into Iraq " , while David Hamilton said there needed to be a " day of reckoning " which could only come about through public proceedings .
Their feelings were echoed by relatives of those killed in Iraq .
It will give us some sort of government narrative that can then be picked apart
Maj Charles Hayman
Armed Forces UK
Mr Miller said that without apportioning any blame , the inquiry could not possibly deliver any real answers .
" To be honest , I could write on the back of a stamp what you would learn from this inquiry and that would be lies and deceit , " he told the BBC .
But Maj Charles Hayman , editor of Armed Forces UK , said the inquiry would bring significant facts " into the open " .
" It 's not going to go as far as most people would have wanted , but it will certainly open the Pandora 's box to the whole of this Iraq problem , " he said .
" It will give us some sort of government narrative that can then be picked apart . "
Discredited claim Sir John Chilcot , 70 , is a former permanent under-secretary of state at the Northern Ireland Office who sat on the Butler Inquiry into the intelligence on Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction .
Also on the panel are former diplomat Sir Roderick Lyne , crossbench peer Baroness Prashar and historians Sir Lawrence Freedman and Sir Martin Gilbert .
The reasons for going to war in Iraq - including the now discredited claim that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction which could be used within 45 minutes of an order being given - have been a source of long - standing controversy .
Two inquiries - the Hutton and Butler inquiries - have already been held into aspects of the Iraq war .
The Butler inquiry looked at intelligence failures while the Hutton inquiry examined the circumstances leading to the death of former government adviser David Kelly .
In 2008 , the government defeated Conservative attempts to force a public inquiry , saying it would be a " diversion " for UK troops serving in Iraq .
In February , Justice Secretary Jack Straw vetoed the publication of minutes of cabinet meetings discussing the legality of the war in the run-up to the invasion .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
All photos by Misty Tosh .
While working to set up a grassroots NGO in Indonesia , Misty Tosh finds one of the local villagers is a natural born filmmaker .
Drips of sweat meandered down my grimy face as I slowly repeated the words to my new friend : time - code , close - up , wide - shot , master - shot , b-roll .
Hassan , a devout Muslim , had never heard these alien words in his entire life .
He absorbed each one , and then repeated after me , snapping his fingers as each word finally clicked in his head .
Snap !
That ’s what a close - up is .
Another snap !
So , that ’s time - code .
I could practically see his brain working overtime .
To me , these boring words made up pieces of the film lingo that I uttered every working day of my life as a TV producer .
To him , they sounded exotic , like something so mystical it must be only the chosen that get to whisper them .
I met Hassan the first day I arrived in back in Sembalun , a remote mountain village perched at the base of Mt. Rinjani , the 2nd largest volcano in Indonesia .
I was there to commandeer Phase 2 of my recently formed grassroots NGO , 4th World Love , whose aim is to set up community centers in magical villages around the world .
Sembalun was the first spot on the globe we ’d taken hold of and the excitement was thick in the air .
I bumped into him at the CDC ( Community Development Center ) as he broke through the knot of villagers on hand to help me and a few volunteers prep for opening day .
Hassan helped me hang a plastic wall calendar , and quickly made himself stand out more by gallantly sweeping up the layers of grime on the floor and setting up desks for the new computer room .
His English was very basic , but what caught my attention was his always - smiling face and his eagerness to jump right into any scenario to assist .
The minute I whipped out the HD camera I ’d brought over from the USA , he bravely scooted over to see what the new toy was .
I never touched that camera again .
The CDC immediately became exactly like a bustling film production office , with villagers stopping in at all hours .
Guitar sessions , digital camera lessons , random sing - a- longs , and Spanish 101 ’s were slung out to anyone who showed an interest–which was the entire village , it seemed .
The slew of international volunteers taught English and computer classes from dusk ‘ til dawn , while me and my bandito crew of newly created “ filmmakers ” tore around town on motorbikes shooting everything we could .
Establishing shots , b- roll , full - on interviews — we were happily capturing tiny snippets of life in a faraway Muslim village .
The more I taught Hassan , the more independent he became .
I ’d be strolling toward the CDC at the crack of dawn and he ’d shoot past on his way to the mosque shouting through the fumes from his moto how he ’d just captured a sunrise .
I ’d be reviewing his tapes , teaching him how to create a camera log , and I ’d see stunning footage of farmers in the scorching fields , old toothless women cooking in outdoor kitchens , and funky insects clamoring along bright green leaves .
All stuff he deemed necessary to tell the story of his village .
Within days , he became a champ of every type of shot one needs to tell a good story .
You ca n’t just get a master of someone picking beans .
Bor-ing .
You must get a close up on the hand picking the bean , the expression of the farmers face in the hot sun , a wide of the entire valley , singles of the individual beans .
These shots came to him naturally after I ’d explained their purpose only once .
His instinct was golden , his attitude spot on .
After looking at how creative his shots had become , it hit me : I ’d created a super - star
The day I taught him how to use a shotgun mic was the day he became a director .
With very little handholding from me , he started art directing rickety baskets and colorful handmade scarves around Harti , our “ talent ” who was sharing an old Sembalun semi-urban legend .
If he heard a truck roar by , he ’d yell CUT and demand that Harti start over , so we could hear the all - too - important dialogue .
Later that night back at the CDC , I watched in wonder as he labeled tapes , recharged batteries , shammied up his lenses and packed away his gear .
We celebrated most nights with some local moonshine and he usually busted out a bit of salsa after acoustically singing a handful of ancient Sasak songs .
A renaissance man , that one was .
When it came time for me to leave Semablun , there was n’t a frosty chance in hell I was dragging that camera home with me .
What ’s $ 1,300 bones , really ?
I can always get a new one .
I was bear - hugging Hassan goodbye , while shoving blank tapes and advice his way on what to shoot while I was gone .
He nodded his understanding .
When I got an email from him a few weeks later , he laid out his upcoming shooting schedule : his intention was to film the local red rice harvesting ceremony , as well as the yearly bamboo fighting ceremony in a nearby village .
He ’d also managed to score some footage of the eruption of the baby volcano inside Rinjani a few days earlier .
Epic moments .
It snuck up on me after reading his plans that that ’s what 4th World Love does — we ’re like the middleman that makes dreams come true .
However big or small they are , we just spread the love .
I ca n’t wait to bring that kid to the USA .
Community Connection
If you are interested in volunteering with 4th World Love , please check out www.fourthworldlove.org.
It ’s cheap , it ’s life changing , and everyone with a passion to share the laughs is invited to come along for the ride .
For more on volunteering abroad , please check out MatadorChange.com
As the battle between creationism and evolution heats up , some atheists , like Jerry Coyne , have been insisting that it is really a battle between religion and science .
Coyne resists any accommodation between religious and non-religious scientists to defend Darwinism .
He does n't want to see them joining forces against the creationist common enemy in case that legitimises religion .
In order for his position to make sense , he needs to show that there is some sort of existential conflict between religion and science .
So it is unfortunate for him that the historical record clearly shows that accommodation and even cooperation have been the default positions in the relationship .
It 's true that the popular perception of a historical conflict remains strong .
That has n't stopped all serious historians from queuing up to condemn it .
John Hedley Brooke and Peter Harrison at Oxford ; David Lindberg and Ron Numbers at Wisconsin- Madison ; and Simon Shapin in California have all tried to put the record straight .
But as Numbers ruefully admits , " Despite a developing consensus among scholars that science and Christianity have not been at war , the notion of conflict has refused to die . "
He has edited a new collection of essays , published by Harvard University Press , called Galileo Goes to Jail and Other Myths about Science and Religion which tries to chip away some more from the edifice of popular opinion .
A strange thing about the conflict myth is that much of the evidence for it is bogus .
Not only are most people ignorant of the real history , but what they think they know about it is actually untrue .
Let me give some examples .
The old chestnut that the church encouraged the view that the earth is flat has been debunked so many times that it seems pointless to do so again .
But despite a hundred years of effort from historians of science , the legend refuses to die .
Only this year it has been repeated in The House of Wisdom , a history of Islamic science by Jonathan Lyons .
The myth that the Catholic church tried to ban zero has grown more popular in recent years .
The journalist Charles Seife managed to write an entire book ( Zero : The Biography of a Dangerous Idea ) about how zero was banned without ever realising his central argument has no foundation in fact .
The same myth was passed on in Peter Atkin 's Newton 's Finger and Charles Mann 's 1492 .
The church also never tried to ban human dissection .
I was amused to hear this story promulgated on the BBC show QI which usually prides itself in puncturing the conventional wisdom .
The related myth that Vesalius , author of a famous book on anatomy published in 1543 , had a run-in with the Spanish Inquisition , is also discounted by historians .
The celebrated astronomer Carl Sagan passed on the nugget that Pope Callistus III excommunicated Halley 's Comet in 1456 .
This would have been a silly thing to do , but thankfully it never happened .
The story appears to be based on misreading a contemporary chronicle .
Finally , various martyrs for science have been canonised .
It is a sad fact that both Catholics and Protestants were engaged in the despicable practice of burning heretics .
But no one was ever executed for their scientific views .
For a long time it was supposed that the Renaissance thinker Giordano Bruno had died for his science .
But we now know he was an occultist whose support for Copernicus was not based on scientific grounds and neither was it a reason for his execution .
Pretty much all his cosmological thought can be found in a book by the 15th - century cardinal Nicolas of Cusa .
Not even the Catholic church would burn you at the stake for repeating the published thoughts of a cardinal .
Only with the trial of Galileo , put under house arrest for life for teaching that the earth goes around the sun , does popular perception have much basis on fact .
But even this case was more about the pope 's self - esteem than science .
The conflict between science and creationism is real enough , but it is the exception , not the rule .
For most of history , science and religion have rubbed along just fine .
So , if Jerry Coyne really wants to promote evolution , he should be joining hands with the religious scientists who want to help .
Read .
Share .
Volunteer .
Get up and do something .
From WikiLeaks
2009 's Most Wanted Leaks — the concealed documents or recordings most sought after by a country 's journalists , activists , historians , lawyers , police , or human rights investigators .
Help us clarify and background the nominations so we can discover which are significant and which are not .
You may securely and anonymously add information to this page for each entry ( click " edit " next to each country ) .
WikiLeaks will prioritize the list based on the available information and seek to obtain the leading candidates directly , through the legal system , or indirectly through ours network of journalists , intelligence sources , volunteers and readers .
If you email us ( wl-editor@ljsf.org ) we will alert you when the record has been obtained .
The current order reflects the order of submission and is unlikely to be related to the final order .
Winners for each country will receive a cash prize upto 1000 EUR , depending on how many countries submit .
Documents or other materials added nominated must :
Be likely to have political , diplomatic , ethical or historical impact on release .
Be known to exist or have existed .
Be plausibly obtainable to a well motivated insider or outsider .
For instance the entire collection of documents held by the Chinese Ministry of Public Security ( 中华人民共和国公安部 ) is not plausibly obtainable , but a specific document or group of documents may be .
Be well defined , and if possible , specific .
Three examples of well defined and specific :
Be described in enough detail so that a court , dissident insider or visiting outsider not already familiar with the material or its subject matter may be able to quickly locate it , and will be motivated to do so .
Should , where possible , list all organizations , locations and / or websites suspected of holding the material or having information about how to access it .
Be attentive to the content of your nomination .
Do not worry about making formatting mistakes .
All copies of this page are kept and reviewed .
In the rare cases were a document might be destroyed or vaulted if it appeared on this list , send your nomination privately to wl-editor@ljsf.org or securely via Chat .
International organizations
Bilderberg Group meeting minutes , papers and annual reports of since 1954 .
WikiLeaks has some years already .
Bilderberg is an annual off - the record conference of transatlantic political , economic and ideological agenda setters .
As an historically important confidential document collection it is probably only equaled by Cabinet minutes and high level intelligence and diplomatic assessments .
Leads :
There are some older , previously unnoticed records in boxes at Uni of Illinois http://www.library.illinois.edu/archives/uasfa/1535051.pdf ( 1956-1970 ) the George Bush library , http://bushlibrary.tamu.edu/research/finding_aids/pdfs/08-0379-F.pdf , the Eisenhower Library in Kansas http://www.eisenhower.utexas.edu/Research/Finding_Aids/PDFs/Jackson_CD_Records.pdf and at the International Institute of Social History in Amsterdam ( 1953 -1989 )
http://www.iisg.nl/archives/en/files/w/10807087full.php
Requests to the Security Council in 2003 that the Security Council look at what was happening in Darfur , and any notes of discussions leading to the decision not to look at the situation
Documents regarding the founding and operation of Alliance Base , cover name for a secret Western Counterterrorist Intelligence Center in Paris .
Austria
E - Mail traffic between minister of finance Proell and Christian Konrad , who is advocate general of Raiffeisen bank .
E - Mail traffic of FPÖ delegate Anton Mahdalik with viennese mayor Michael Häupl and / or deputy mayor Michael Ludwig containing threats when renting municipal ground to the viennese trailor park ( " Wagenplatz Wien " ) .
Source - code as well as certifications for the Austrian e-Voting system used in students elections .
Australia
Federal cabinet minutes from the special session held on 18 March 2003 .
Context
The report of the national broadband network expert working group .
Versions of the ACMA URL blacklist newer than 19 March 2009 .
Full details of filtering hardware / software vendors participating in government - sponsored ISP - level censorship technology trials , including ( but not limited to ) :
Any and all communications between filter vendors and government departments prior to , during , and after the trials Any and all transactions , contracts , and other financial arrangements involving filter vendors
URL blacklist (s ) used during above trials .
Alleged ( by government ) to be ACMA URL blacklist .
Full statistical breakdown of results of above trials , since Enex TestLab will not make them publicly available , and the public report will be compiled by the same government department which is spearheading the censorship proposal ( see here and here .
URL blacklist as used by Watchdog NZ during private censorship technology trial by ISP Exetel in May 2009 .
Alleged ( by Watchdog ) to have been IWF list ( see United Kingdom ) .
Written exam NSW police officers must take annually before they can be issued with Tasers .
Volume 1 of the New South Wales - Commonwealth Joint Task Force Report on Drug Trafficking .
It was suppressed at time of publication and has not yet been released .
Possibly contains information on Nugan Hand Bank , CIA and drug trafficking and / or connections of Peter Abeles and Bela Csidei to drugs .
But we wont know until it is no longer suppressed .
Speed Camera contractors - in particular - Revenue derived from contractors privately operating speed cameras
The amount and value of incentive / bonus payments or kickbacks paid to these contractors for every ticket issued Details of the shady ( often verbal ) fine " quotas " issued to the staff operating the cameras Details of training , guides and or manuals given to camera operators and their management
Any documentary evidence explaining why operators persist in operating cameras in violation of police camera policy ( ie , less than 200 metres from a speed zone change , using forged calibration certificates ( for instance the elusive Mr Burden who works in the non existent department of communications at RMIT , and seems unable to sign his own signature the same way twice ) , using illegally modified or concealed speed cameras , operating near known sources of reflection or interference which will have the effect of increasing the incidence of " over reading " resulting in more fines being generated )
Any memos or documentary evidence of compliance between court officers and speed camera prosecutors explaining why courts keep ruling in favour of often cut and dry cases that should have been otherwise dismissed Details , memos and reasons why tax payer funded prosecutors are supplied free of charge to often known shady camera contracting companies Details , memos or other documentary evidence that explains why costs are always offered or awarded to the prosecutor , and contrary to law denied to the defendant even when they win a case .
Details of any links between camera contractors banned from operating cameras due to fraud , and puppet companies who pick up their entire fleet and work force overnight and continue to illegally operate them .
( for example what is the Tenix and Serco relationship )
What the revenue raised by these cameras is actually spent on ; and what percentage is actually used in any sort of road safety initiatives .
Details of speed related accidents and deaths that occurred on speed camera sites Details of the number of fines issued to deceased people who would have otherwise been alive had the site been operated by a police officer who pulled them over instead of covertly taking a photo of them Any proof that speed contractor witnesses are often illegal unattributed " proxies " specially coached for giving testimony and committing fraud
Details of anti-spam systems that are abused to automatically block or disconnect users and companies internet / websites ( ie Denial of service , corporate / financial sabotage . ) when they have not actually been spamming .
( eg , deliberately add a companies email to hundreds of spam lists , until they start generating bounce messages , then report them for spamming to take them off the internet possibly even putting them out of business as a result )
Bahrain
Documents disclosing the number of citizenships that have been granted in the last few years , in an effort to change the country 's demography .
See Political naturalisation [ 1 ] .
Canada
Documents disclosing the number of Authorization to Carry permits the provinces have issued for the purposes of preservation of life .
Provincial Chief Firearms
Officers have refused to release this information citing that it could potentially compromise the identities of those that hold licenses .
China
A list of URLs and keywords censored filtered by the Great Firewall of China .
WikiLeaks has previously released related information , for example , watch lists , policies and several thousand URLs for CCTV and Baidu , but not for general http filtering .
Policy options on Darfur formulated in response to the so - called Genocide Olympics campaign led by American actress , Mia Farrow , and notes of meetings in 2007 between Stephen Spielberg and Chinese Foreign Ministry officials prior to Spielberg 's resignation as Artistic Director of the 2008 Beijing Olympics .
Colombia
The DAS ( Departamento Administrativo de Seguridad ) is reported to have surveilled a wide array of public officials , private citizens , and organizations .
Documents wanted : contracts to supply software for internet surveillance to Colombian policy agencies and details of the software supplied .
Egypt
The complete list of current political prisoners and the charges against them .
Finland
The so called Tiitisen Lista , the list of 18 persons claimed to have been in active contact with East German security services ( Stasi ) .
The list was received from the West German intelligence services ( BND ) in 1990 and since classified by the order of President Koivisto as adviced by the head of the Finnish Security Police ( Suojelupoliisi ) , Seppo Tiitinen .
It is rumoured that several current or former top Finnish politicians appear on the list .
The Bilderberg 2009 raport , Finnish President Tarja Halonen secured the papers .
The request comes Finnish ex-President Martti Ahtisaari , a former Bilderberg participant .
France
The list of people with an office at the Elysée and their function ( to expose resident lobbyists , etc . )
Documents regarding the founding and operation of Alliance Base , cover name for a secret Western Counterterrorist Intelligence Center in Paris .
The Monthly Health Report of President Nicolas Sarkozy , as promised by himself during the last presidential elections .
Germany
The Stasi files of Federal Chancellor Angela Dorothea Merkel ( maiden name Kasner ) and other leading politicians , which are known to exist , but withheld from public .
The Stasi files relating to operation Gladio / stay behind organisations in relation to right - wing terrorism in Germany , as per a parliamentary request by the Green party .
The complete Toll - Collect contracts .
Cross -Border Leasing contracts of the Berlin Transport Corporation ( BVG ) .
The so called " Atlas der Wut " , a document about the risk of riots in different german regions .
The list is said to be updated regulary and was first written in 2005 .
The list of NPD party members .
The censorship filter list for the proposed national , mandatory censorship system .
The list will be compiled by German federal criminal police BKA and distributed to internet service providers .
The contents of the contract between the BKA and some ISPs that has already been signed , but is kept secret due to " public safety " and copyright concerns ( see http://blog.fefe.de/?ts=b4fa8af8).
The List of Media Harmful to Young People ( the censorship system already in place ) .
The " virtual media " part of this list is distributed to search engine providers and is illegal to publish .
It probably could be reverse engineered using the differences between google.com and google .de search results .
Also , if you want to know if a specific medium is on the list , you can send an enquiry to liste@bundespruefstelle.de ( " Bundesprüfstelle " is the agency responsible for keeping the list ) .
Ursula von der Leyen 's driver 's logs ( Fahrtenbuecher ) that she refuses to make public .
Specifics of the " Steuer - Identifikationsnummer " 's structure ( see de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steuer-ID )
Complete / partial database of " Steuer - Identifikationsnummer " s
A list of vaxines ordered ( and its order confirmations ) by the german government
Greece
Documents related to the Athens affair that have yet to be released ( including those from countries other than Greece . )
Guatemala
All documents on Plan Victoria 82 , Plan Sofia and Plan Firmeza 83 .
Final report of United Nations ' Historical Clarification Commission ( CEH ) into the killing of 200,000 Mayan people and the involvement of the US government and American corporations .
The report official sources ( militar interviews , campaign plans , etc ) are kept secret by the UN in NYC .
Documents on Canadian corporation named Goldcorp with a mining operation in Guatemala , especially information on where the Gold they extract is processed and who is buying the gold ( we think it might be a Swiss company ) .
Detail :
PLAN VICTORIA AND PLAN SOFIA *
in the process of trying to bring military personal involved in human rights violations and massacres that happen during the civil war in Guatemala to justice , the military have been required to declassify many war documents .
In a case , that went all the way to the Supreme Court of Guatemala , the Court dictated a sentence that confirmed the obligation of the Ministry of Defense of Guatemala to hand over the official documentation of four specific military operations : Campana Sofia 82 , Victoria 82 , Firmeza 83 and Operacion Ixil .
The Supreme Court sentence indicated that this achieves had to be declassified and made public yesterday .
These military operations were carried out in the 80s .
According to the CEH , Historical Clarification Commission of Guatemala final report contained in " Guatemala : Memory of Silence " , these military operations resulted in massacres and severe human rights violations .
The Minister of Defense Abraham Valenzuela only delivered partial information about plans Victoria 82 and Firmeza 83 , two of the four requested plans .
He indicated that he had no knowledge of the other two plans before he became Minister of Defense and that he ignores where the documentation could be .
He stated that he could not deliver the complete plans " Victoria 82 " y " Firmeza 83 " because certain information was considered state secret and a concern of national security .
" Plan Sofia " a derivative of " Plan Victoria 82 " , was of special concern to
human rights activists ; this plan was conceived in July 1982 , four months after General Efrain Rios Montt came into power . *
SO WE WILL REALLY LIKE TO OBTAIN THE COMPLETE DOCUMENTS OF PLAN VICTORIA
82 , PLAN SOFIAAND PLAN FIRMEZA 83 *
CEH ARCHIVES *
The United Nations ' Historical Clarification Commission ( CEH ) for Guatemala issued a report where the US government and several American corporations were accused of complicity in the genocide of nearly 200,000 Mayan people during Guatemala ?s bloody 36 - year civil war .
The final 3,600 - page CEH report clearly places the blame for most of the 200,000 deaths on the ?racist ?
policy of the Guatemalan government and holds the country ?s military and paramilitary forces responsible for the actual killings , tortures and disappearances .
However , it accuses the US of directly and indirectly supporting a ?
fratricidal confrontation ?
by providing sustained training , arms and financial aidThe report is based on the testimony of 9,200 people from all sides of the conflict and other documents * , classified and Secret , protected in the UN headquarters in NYC . *
The CEH investigated 42,000 human rights violations , 29,000 of which resulted in deaths or disappearances and therefore , the documents under UN custody are fundamental for the prosecution of those responsible of the crimes .
GUATEMALA , SWITZERLAND AND CANADA *
A Canadian corporation named Goldcorp has a mining operation in Guatemala with poor environmental conditions and harming health of many workers and a community as a whole .
We will like to know :
- Where the Gold they extract is processed .
- Who is buying the gold ( we think it might be a Swiss company )
Italy
All documents pertaining to Nazi Germany and the Vatican , as well as those relating to the post - war rat line to Argentina .
Refer to http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/2611847.stm
documents pertaining to Nazi Germany and the Vatican , as well as those relating to the post - war rat line to Argentina .
Refer to http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/2611847.stm
The full Italian censorship , of which Wikileaks currently only has a subset .
Kenya
The international investigative firm Kroll associates produced at least four reports on high level Kenyan corruption after first term of the Kibaki government .
A draft version of one of the reports
The looting of Kenya , was previously published by WikiLeaks .
The reports were given to selected members of President Kibaki 's cabinet at the time and are likely still held by http://www.kroll.com.uk/, notably lead investigator Andrew Marshall .
Libya
Documents indicating arrangements with the Sudanese government to grant land in Darfur to Arab settlers from Libya ( Civilians and administrators on the ground in Darfur indicate this has been taking place ) .
Madagascar
Both sides of the political conflict in Madagascar are crying fouls about the deals made by their counterparts with foreign entities .
The release of the official documents with respect to contract negotiations about :
Oil exploitation in the region of Bemolanga ( South of Madagascar ) by Total & others
an obvious one but the proposed final contract before rejection of the land deal with Daewoo Logistics .
The recent agreement with Saudi investment group on staple products and proposed $ 2 billion USD investment .
The revised mining exploitation agreement with Sheritt in Ambatovy and Rio Tinto in Fort - Dauphin .
Least but not last , the complete list of current political prisoners and the charges against them .
Mali
Documents indicating arrangements with the Sudanese government to grant land in Darfur to Arab settlers from Mali ( Civilians and adminisrators on the ground in Darfur indicate this has been taking place )
México
Zapotec indigenous people demand transparency from U.S. Scholar and full disclosure of all the agreements between U.S. Government and their agencies and U.S. geography scholar Peter Herlihy , especially confidential agreements with Foreign Military Studies Office .
Prof .
Herlihy failed to mention that he received funding from the Foreign Military Studies Office of the U.S. Armed Forces on the research of " México Indígena " project .
Mexico Indigena Project forms part of the Bowman Expeditions , a more extensive geographic research project backed and financed by the FMSO , among other institutions .
The FMSO inputs information into a global database that forms an integral part of the Human Terrain System ( HTS ) , a United States Army counterinsurgency strategy designed by Foreign Military Studies Office and applied within indigenous communities , among others .
Documents to unveil the real purpose of " Ruta Maya 2002 Isuzu Challenge " .
The convoy was commanded by Ben Nun Avihu , Israeli militar and Moshe Savir , geography expert and around 50 tourists in 40 Isuzu Jeep .
Some communities linked the incursion with biopiracy .
The terrain they explored is controled by the EZLN .
Documents related with the fraud and corruption around FOBAPROA ( Fondo Bancario de Protección al Ahorro ) .
Documents of financial operations just before the financial crisis of 1994 ( some say the government knew before that the crisis was coming and took advantage of the information protecting their interests ) .
Documents related with the World Bank credit and application of the budget to combat swine flu .
Documents related with the technology currently used in cellphones in Mexico to implement the RENAUT program Information about the security technology used to protect data collected from users .
Documents related to the transparency of Plan Merida
New Zealand
The New Zealand internet censorship list
Niger
Documents indicating arrangements with the Sudanese government to grant land in Darfur to Arab settlers from Niger ( Civilians and adminisrators on the gruond in Darfur indicate this has been taking place ) .
Norway
The secret verdict in the court case between the ISP Lyse Tele and the law firm Simonsen , decided the 5th of May 2009 , where Simonsen demanded Lyse Tele disclose the identity information of a file sharer suspected of uploading a copy of the movie Max Manus to the file - sharing community .
Puerto Rico
The FBI has not yet finished declassifying all the secret files related to surveillance of Puerto Rican individuals and organizations from the 1930 - 70's
http://www.pr-secretfiles.net/index.html
( not to mention , large sections of the files are blacked out by the FBI ) .
In addition , there are thousands of secret files produced by Puerto Rican police that were only briefly made available to individuals themselves , and have now been closed off to the public .
These documents provide evidence of quite a significant spying and intimidation operation by the United States and local police against leftists and independence movement leaders .
Romania
Documents disclosing what really happened regarding the kidnapping of three romanian journalists in Irak in 2005 .
Omar Hayssam was accused of orchestrating the kidnapping , but afterward he mysteriously disappeared from Romania
Rwanda
Documentation of financial assistance given by the Rwandan government to General Laurant Nkunda for operations in the DRC .
Russia
Internal Kremlin , FSB and SVRR documents and emails into the series of Moscow apparement building bombings shortly before Putin's Presidential election
Complete technical documentation of the " Perimetr " system ( a.k.a . " Dead Hand " ) , along history of deployment and removal from deployment ( if done ) .
Political documents relating to the deployment of " Perimetr " .
Maps , floor plans , and blueprints of Mount Yamantaw and Kosvinsky Mountain , and any other facilities similar to the conjectured facilities there , including names and locations .
Documents related to the VRYAN crisis , especially political documents , analyses of intelligence , and specific steps taken .
Information on the mindset of the Politburo , as well as intelligence services , and what exactly they feared , and how credible they believed their fear to be .
Soviet psychological profiles and political analyses of American politicians .
A list and description of the various agents prepared by the various Soviet and Russian bioweapons programs .
Indications of whether they developed recombinant DNA based agents , and what those are specifically .
Weaponization of agents , including re-entry vehicle mounting .
Doctrine for use , including deniable use .
Vaccines and treatments for affected personnel .
Technical plans , manuals , and blueprints for the SS - 27 Sickle B ( Topol - M ) , along with the Bulava .
Documents relating to nuclear warplans of the Soviet Union and Russia .
Documents relating to orbital weapons systems , and whether the Soviets ever deployed them ( or still deploy them ) such as orbital HANE devices .
Slovenia
Taped conversations between slovenian opposition leader Janez Janša and croatian prime minister Ivo Sanader in the summer of 2004 , held by slovenian intelligence service SOVA .
The tapes supposedly show the two were arrangeing incidents on the coutry border that could help slovenian opposition win the parliamentary elections in the fall .
South Africa
Prosecution evidence for Jacob Zuma trial
Eskom board minutes 2007 - 2009
Minutes of South African inter - bank security meetings and agreements
Arguments presented to Parliament by Vodacom , MTN & Cell - C against reduction in mobile termination rates
SA Competition Commission internal information on Cartels
Details of agreement not to prosecute Mark Thatcher
Minutes of the Judicial Service Commission ( JSC ) to exonerate Cape Judge President John Hlophe
possible deaths in world cup
Eskom electricity rates to BHP Billiton , Arcelor - Mittel and others
Sudan
Documents detailing discussions during 2005 meeting between Salah Gosh and the CIA ( for which the CIA flew Gosh on private jet from Khartoum to CIA HQ ) .
See : http://www.sudantribune.com/article.php3?id_article=10205
Syria
All the documents related to the assasination , in 1965 , of Mehdi Ben Barka still held in France , USA , Israel and Morocco .
In 1976 , thanks to the Freedom of information Act , the US governement recognized that the CIA had about 1800 classified documents about his assassination .
Theses documents are still classified .
Switzerland
The full Cornu Report .
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Projekt-26#The_Cornu_Report
Swaziland
Expense accounts of King Mswati , the Queen Mother and the King 's wives .
Intelligence memos from the Ministry of Defence or Police about the pro-democracy organization , PUDEMO .
Trinidad and Tobago
The Report on the Commission of Enquiry into the construction of the new Piarco Airport .
This identified corrupt practices in the spending of public funds .
The Commission 's report was delivered in August 2003 .
Nearly 6 years later , its findings have not been made public .
The Report on the Caroni Bridge Collapse .
A man was killed when a bridge collapsed a few years ago ; again the public has not been made aware of the report 's findings .
Documents in relation to payments of attorneys by state .
Numbers of these payments are being kept secret from the public .
A copy of the contract for the billion - dollar Waterfront Development Project .
List of recipients and amounts of scholarships sponsored by Ministry of Culture for study abroad .
Report of the findings of the current Commission of Enquiry into the local construction sector
Detail :
As far as Trinidad and Tobago goes , our government tends to pay lip service to the principles of transparency and accountability .
For instance , there is a Freedom of Information Act which , by law , allows the public to seek information from government departments .
But quite often , when such attempts are made by the citizenry , the government bars full disclosure .
Depending on how important a piece of information is to Joe Public , he may actually have to turn to the courts to " force " the government to reveal facts that should be disclosed voluntarily .
Following are a few examples of
documents that should be made public , but have not been :
The Report on the Commission of Enquiry into the construction of the new Piarco Airport This identified corrupt practices in the spending of public funds .
The Commission 's report was delivered in August 2003 .
Nearly 6 years later , its findings have not been made public .
The Report on the Caroni Bridge Collapse .
A man was killed when a bridge collapsed a few years ago ; again the public has not been made aware of the report 's findings .
The Opposition recently brought up in Parliament the issue of taxpayers ' money being used to pay attorneys by state .
Although the public has a right to know how much of its funds were used in paying said attorneys , the Attorney General refused to disclose the sums , saying it would be an invasion of the lawyers ' privacy .
The same goes for a recent request in Parliament , whereby * the Minister of Planning and Development was asked to produce a copy of the contract for the billion - dollar Waterfront Development Project * .
The Minister 's response was that she could not produce said contract for public discussion because there was a confidentiality clause contained therein ( for a project being built with public funds ) .
The Ministry of Culture recently awarded scholarships for students to study abroad - when asked in Parliament to disclose the list of recipients and the dollar value of the scholarships , the response was that this was private information .
As such , many citizens are concerned that the findings of the current * Commission of Enquiry into the local construction sector* , like many Commisions before it , will never see the light of day .
Uganda
The government of Uganda has recently signed a number of profit - sharing agreements with several oil companies that are conducting explorations in southwestern Uganda .
My friend was in Kampala in January and spoke with a number of journalists who believe that releasing these documents would be a major step in increased transparency with respect to the country 's emerging oil industry .
Ugandan profit - sharing agreements with oil companies in south - western Uganda
United Kingdom
List of current and expired D - Notices [ 2 ]
The letter - RR and its DA Notice
The secret cabinet minutes and legal advice pertaining to the ongoing occupation of Iraq .
Documents revealing why the trial of Wang Yam , who was convicted of killing Allan Chappelow , was held in camera , the first UK murder trial ever heard behind closed doors without access by press or public .
UK Government documentation into the investigation of Roger Hollis , head of MI5 between 1956 and 1965 , including the report by Lord Trend , into the serious but apparently unproven allegations of being a Russian Spy .
Copies of government minutes of meetings between Gordon Brown and / or Alistair Darling and representatives of Lloyds Bank relating to the proposed takeover of HBOS .
A copy of the police intelligence handed to E.ON about climate change protestors . [ 3 ]
Documents detailing the information stored and collected by the Wythenshawe intelligence centre . [ 4 ]
Censorship list for the United Kingdom 's " voluntary " filter system .
Known to be held by The Internet Watch Foundation .
Companies and their subsidiaries which are currently being supplied with the IWF list .
Most ISP 's in the UK have a copy of the IP 's on the list .
The proper reasons for nationalisation of Northern Rock and Bradford & Bingley , and the subsequent sale of the latter 's savings buisiness to Santander .
Information regarding the valuation process to determine compensation for fromer shareholders of Northern Rock and Bradford & Bingley , that is , the information the independent valuer uses to determine the final value of the comapanies .
Records of events during the twelve months leading up to the nationalisation of Bradford & Bingley .
Documents from Solicitors Regulation Authority 's investigation into Davenport Lyons threatening letters related to filesharing .
The full unredacted copy of receipts and documentation relating to MP 's expenses as was partly released by the Daily Telegraph ; in addition , any private communications regarding the leak of these expenses , especially if said communications are politically significant .
Climate Change or Global warming research , and the political and financial influence .
United States
Bulk databases
A mirror of the complete Intellipedia site as of 11/1/2008 , including article history .
A mirror of the Common Core database as of 11/1/2008 .
The complete CIA Open Source Center analytical database .
The database is extensive , unclassified , non-public , but relatively accessible to certain outsiders after jumping through hoops
https://www.opensource.gov/
The complete PACER database .
The PACER database contains most US federal court records .
They are legally public documents , currently behind a paywall and unsearchable .
Were the documents to be public the behavior of many corporations would come to light .
See http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/news/2009/04/case-against-pacer.ars
Federal politics
The missing five million White House emails -- possibly no longer in existence .
Cheney and Rumsfeld Archives
The White House visitor 's list
Minutes or notes for VP Cheney 's Energy Conference .
The 1141 pages of ACTA background documents not released to the EFF by the US Trade Representative ( see [ 5 ] )
A list of all Whitehouse and senior federal government employees holding dual citizenship and the countries they represent .
Banking
The complete list of identities of the 52,000 wealthy American clients suspected of hiding $ 15 billion at UBS to avoid taxes , including the names of any elected or appointed government or former government officials .
The complete details of Goldman , Sachs & Co. 's counterparty exposure to AIG prior to the Federal bailout of AIG in September , 2008 .
Environment
Monsanto's internal evaluations of GMO products including safety and pollen drift .
Media
The Editorial Guidelines for Fox News
Emails relating to suppressed GQ Magazine article on Putin 's rise by Scott Anderson mentioned at [ 6 ]
Religion
Mormons Church records
With recent leak of 1999 / 2006 Church Handbook of Instructions , pertinent documents and covertly photographed artifacts in the vault at Church Office building or subsidy in Salt Lake City , Utah which expose and negate Mormon Church 's claim of divinity and its monopoly on " truth . "
I.e. the concealed remnants of diaries and letters written by former early Mormon apostle William McLellin [ 7 ] .
McLellin diary and documents was the main point of interest for convicted double murderer / bomber Mark Hofmann 's planned forgery attempt to deceive Mormon leaders to obtain in fraud by deception monetary reward to suppress truth of early Mormon history unfavorable to current Mormon religion .
For more info , [ 8 ] .
Documents of Mormon Church 's billion - dollar investment in City Creek Mall and Condominium in SLC , which may put Mormon Church 's IRS tax - exempt status in jeopardy if there is verification of the allegation the Church used tithe and offering monetary contributions by the members to fund the project under the umbrella of tax - exempted religious freedom .
Mormon Church leadership 's involvement in politics , such as correspondence to ecclesiastical subordinates ( bishopric ) on policy and attitude towards same - sex civil rights & other sensitive issues relevant and concerning to the leaders .
As well as recorded correspondences between Mormon members of Utah legislation and Church leaders on sensitive political issues for legislation purposes which may contravene the separation of church and state .
Uncovered film or audio recording featuring the play with the actor portraying Protestant minister encouraged by Satan / Lucifer ( portrayed by actor ) to spread false doctrines to attack all religions outside of Mormon religion as " abominable " which was exhibited for qualified " temple recommend " audiences in all of the existing temples prior to removal in 1990 ( almost like leaked Scientology orientation video ) [ 9 ] .
Unearthed secret audio or video recording inside Mormon temple with the temple members swearing " blood oath " before removal in 1990 . [ 10 ]
Documented Church leaders ' and lay clergy 's cover - up of physical / sexual abuse and rape of minors by missionaries and members without reporting to law enforcement in some cases [ 11 ] .
Older editions of Church Handbooks of Instructions from the first edition up [ 12 ] for comparison to recent leaked 1968 ( truncated ) , 1999 and 2006 editions .
Vatican
Everyone is aware of the Law of Unintended Consequences .
Most members of Congress understand that government actions can have unintended consequences , yet few quit voting for government " solutions " – always hoping there wo n't be any particular unintended consequences this time .
They keep hoping there will be less harmful complications from the " solution " that they currently support .
Economics teaches that for every government action to solve an economic problem , others are created .
Unintended Consequences
, September 9 , 2006
After eleven terms in congress , Ron Paul finally has a bill before the House of Representatives that is popular with other congressmen as well as their constituencies .
As of this writing , HR1207 , a bill to audit the Federal Reserve Board of Governors has 245 co-sponsors and a possibility of passing through the House .
But , of all congressmen , Ron Paul knows that each government " solution " comes saddled with unintended government problems .
HR1207 is one of those government actions that has unintended consequences even if never enacted into law , which it certainly never will be .
Dire unintended consequences have already hinted at themselves , and may well be irreversible now regardless of the fate of HR1207 .
The law of unintended consequences , often cited but rarely defined , is that actions of people — and especially of government — always have effects that are unanticipated or unintended .
Economists and other social scientists have heeded its power for centuries ; for just as long , politicians and popular opinion have largely ignored it .
- The Law of Unintended Consequences recognizes that the unanticipated or unintended effects may create problems where before there were none , or that a " solution " may exacerbate the situation the action was intended to alleviate .
For example , in areas of hurricane evacuation and cleanup , price controls are often enacted so people can access the gasoline and plywood they need without " price gouging " .
The result , every time , is shortages of gasoline and plywood , with no incentive for suppliers to rush in and replace stocks .
It is important to note that the unintended consequences are not caused by supporters of the government action ; the consequences they create are intended .
The unintended consequences come from those who consciously , or even unwittingly , react to the new incentive matrix in unexpected ways .
Sarbanes - Oxley is n't such an overwhelming failure of legislation due to the companies that support and welcome it .
It 's failure comes from companies who can't or do n't afford the costs of compliance and take their business to stock exchanges in London and Asia .
The War on Poverty increased poverty because otherwise gainfully - employed persons found a benefit in quitting their employment and going on the dole .
Rent control left the Bronx literally scorched because building owners could n't or did n't afford the upkeep on their buildings .
Prohibition fails abysmally at , well , prohibition because it puts massive amounts of money in the hands of people willing to defy it , as well as prohibitionists and law enforcers .
Because they come from the opponents , the unintended consequences of legislation are n't simply a matter that can be overcome by writing the legislation differently .
You can't " play " the unintended consequences to your advantage as the author / proponent of the legislation .
An attempt to do so merely moves the incentive matrix around to create other unintended consequences .
The stated intention of HR1207 is to audit the operations of the Fed 's Board of Governors .
An audit has a very specific purpose : to strengthen the operations of the audited agency by ensuring accuracy of information and compliance .
Anyone who has any management experience of an accounting office knows that an audit , and the sunshine it brings in , is indeed a powerful disinfectant .
While an audit may uncover malfeasance , more often it uncovers lax or inefficient operations and technical noncompliance .
In addressing the concerns highlighted in the audit report , the operation becomes stronger and more efficient .
But , Ron Paul knows that the Federal Reserve is a bad institution .
Why on earth would he , then , introduce a bill to make a bad institution stronger and more efficient ?
The answer of course , by his own admission , is that he feels the concerns in the audit report will not be addressed by the Fed , thus not making it stronger and more efficient , but rather shaking public confidence in it .
The true intention of HR1207 , then , at least for Ron Paul , is to diminish the power of the Federal Reserve by means of an audit process .
He 's attempting to " play " the unintended consequences .
Ron Paul has introduced this legislation into the House on previous occasions .
He has never marshaled more than a few co-sponsors .
By and large congress has never known what goes on with the Federal Reserve , nor have they wanted to know because there was no money in it .
This time , HR1207 gained initial support from congressmen who viewed it as low - threat legislation that would curry them some populist favor .
With the current economic problems , financial news programs were at least willing to talk about a Fed audit and Republican congressmen witnessed populist support at the tea party rallies , which translated into more House support ( a bandwagon to get in front of ) .
As Ron Paul says , " who wants to go home and tell the voters they voted against auditing the Fed ?
" But , a big spike in both Democrat and Republican co-sponsors came in response to the Fed 's announcement that they were hiring a lobbyist .
Surely an organization as big as the Fed , whose Chairman testifies regularly before both the House and Senate , already has a small army of legislative liaisons .
A lobbyist is something much different ; lobbyists come armed with checkbooks .
When an organization that can conjure trillions of dollars out of thin air suddenly sends an emissary to capitol hill with their checkbook , it is wholly unsurprising that a bunch of politicians would suddenly discover their interest in the operations of the Federal Reserve .
And , what better way to say , " I would like a big check , please , " than by announcing your – for now – support of an audit ?
Is it too cynical to suggest that at least a sizable chunk of the HR1207 support comes not from a desire to audit the Fed , but rather a desire to receive lobbyist money for withdrawing support or , the same , voting for the bill under suspension ?
And , if that supposition is not unthinkable , would n't the willingness of politicians to receive lobbyist money in return for voting as the Fed wishes represent an increase of the Fed 's power over capitol hill ?
If so , that would be confirmation of the Law of Unintended Consequences and the related Law of Opposites as articulated by Ron Paul .
As enabling as the Fed has been to congress since its inception , the last year has proven just how big an ally the central bank can be to the unitary executive .
The Fed 's ability to reward the powerful and politically - connected has dwarfed the little power congress has been allowed to vote on with TARP , so the vast majority of the benefits of being king have accrued to the executive branch .
Should HR1207 be struck by lightning , zapping it through the House and Senate to arrive on the President 's desk for signing , there is a zero percent chance that Barack Obama would sign it into law .
He cannot , with one hand , give broad regulatory powers to the Fed as an independent institution and , with the other hand , make the Fed less independent by subjecting it to an audit .
Rather , one could hypothesize that Barack Obama , and his czarist revolution of the operations of the executive branch , has proposed handing the regulatory power to the Fed to immunize it from attacks on its independence ( independence from congress , that is ) .
As new regulatory power would strengthen the Fed , it would also necessarily tie it closer to the executive branch .
As there is little chance of HR1207 or its companion , S604 , reaching the President 's desk , it is unlikely that its populist support factored significantly in Obama 's decision to seek more Fed power .
However , to the extent that it did , it contributed to two more examples of unintended consequences : increased Federal Reserve power and , by extension , increased power of the unitary executive .
Now , I am fully cognizant that the things I have described here are currently in the works , and thus may turn out differently than I anticipate .
But , they will be different only in description ; there will be unintended and , most likely , opposite consequences to the true intention of HR1207 , I just may not possess the imagination to predict them accurately .
Much more important than my surety of unintended consequences is Ron Paul 's surety of them .
While he 's never shied from standing up to the big dogs , the relative popularity of HR1207 is going to make this one turn around and bite .
When it does , I hope he acknowledges it and uses it as a learning tool for those with faith in politics .
That is , I hope he uses it to reinforce another of his beliefs , that there is no Washington solution to Washington .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- A Duke University official is accused of offering his 5 - year - old adopted son for sex on the Internet , according to the FBI and court documents in the case .
Frank M. Lombard is the associate director of Duke University 's Center for Health Policy .
Frank M. Lombard , 42 , was arrested last week at his home in Durham , North Carolina .
During an Internet chat , Lombard allegedly offered the child to the person he was chatting with , who was a task force officer from Washington 's Metropolitan Police , the FBI said in a statement .
The chat was initiated after a confidential source facing child pornography charges told authorities they had witnessed a man , allegedly Lombard , performing sex acts on a child over the Internet .
During the chat , according to the complaint filed against Lombard , he told the officer that he had performed multiple sex acts on the boy and that the officer could do the same if he came to Durham .
According to a transcript of the chat , reprinted in the complaint , Lombard allegedly told the officer that he had to hide the abuse from his partner and that he drugged the child with allergy medication .
Lombard was arrested June 24 , and two children at the home , including the 5 - year - old , were removed from the home by the North Carolina Department of Social Services , the FBI said .
Lombard is the associate director of Duke University 's Center for Health Policy , but was placed on unpaid administrative leave , effective immediately , last week , university spokesman Keith Lawrence said .
The center is described on its
Web site as a joint venture among the university 's law , business and arts - and - sciences schools and " an instigator and facilitator of a broad range of research related to public health and the policies that address it . "
Lombard faces federal child sex abuse charges , which carry a prison sentence of up to 20 years upon conviction , authorities said .
He made an initial appearance in federal court in North Carolina but was transferred to Washington to face the charges there , court documents show .
Attempts to contact the Durham attorney who appeared in court with Lombard were unsuccessful Tuesday .
Federal agents seized Lombard 's computer , thumb drives , Web cams and other items when executing a search warrant upon Lombard 's arrest , according to court documents .
All About Duke University • Federal Bureau of Investigation • Durham ( North Carolina )
Samsung has been showing their OLED e-passport ( or ID card ) prototype for a long time , and now we found this nice video which gives some more details .
It turns out that the flexible OLED is 2 " QVGA 240x320 , 260 K colors and 10,000 : contrast ratio .
The display is so low on power it uses just the RF power - it automatically powers up when closed to the RFID reader .
There 's still no details on when this will become a real product ...
I ’ve been writing a lot about privacy in social networks , and sometimes the immediacy gets lost during the more theoretical debates .
Recently though I ’ve been investigating a massive privacy breach on Facebook ’s application platform which serves as a sobering case study .
Even to me , the extent of unauthorised data flow I found and the cold economic motivations keeping it going were surprising .
Facebook ’s application platform remains a disaster from a privacy standpoint , dampening one of the more compelling features of the network .
It started with an email from Henrik , a LBT reader who was concerned when he noticed his Facebook profile picture , as well as those of his friends , being included in advertisements within the site .
These ads showed up next to a third - party Facebook application called “ What Eukaryotic Organelle Are You ? “ , one of the many inane user - generated quizzes which are popular on the site .
I followed the tip and tried it myself , and sure enough saw an ad telling me to log - in and see which of my friends had secret crushes on me , alongside photos and names of a few Facebook friends of mine .
I went on to find dozens of such ads on similar quizzes .
Examining the page ’s source , these ads were being served in an iframe within the third - party application ’s canvas , with a quite suspicious URLs like :
http://sochr.com/i.php
&name= [ Joseph Bonneau ] &nx= [ My User ID ] &age= [ My DOB ] &gender= [ My Gender ] &pic= [ My Photo URL ]
& fname0 = [ Friend # 1 Name 1 ] &fname1 = [ Friend # 2 Name ] &fname2 = [ Friend # 3 Name ] &fname3 = [ Friend # 4 Name ]
& fpic0 = [ Friend # 1 Photo URL ] &fpic0 = [ Friend # 2 Photo URL ] & fpic0 = [ Friend # 3 Photo URL ] & fpic0 = [ Friend # 4 Photo URL ]
&fb_session_params=[ All of the quiz application ’s session parameters ]
Three data leaks are happening here .
The first ( light orange ) is bad , but expectable , as my personal data is getting sent to the ad server .
The second ( dark orange ) is worse - 4 of my friend ’s names and photos are getting sent along to the ad server .
Note the data - flow here : the third - party quiz application is querying Facebook for my friends ’ data , then including it within the URL of the requested ads so the ad server gets the data too .
Data is passed in the URL because this is the only way to communicate with content in an iframe .
When I refreshed the page , a different set of friends ’ information was passed , so the ad - server can slowly build up a database of user information .
The third bit ( red ) is the amazing part - all of my session parameters were sent to the ad server as well .
Because I authorised the application , these parameters are a capability to query Facebook for my data and my friends ’ data .
Sure enough , the ad server then went on to query Facebook ’s databases on my behalf !
From its iframe , the ad - server ’s JavaScript sends queries to Facebook with the application ’s session parameters .
The results are then sent back to the ad - server .
You can watch all of this happen using a packet sniffer in real - time and it ’s quite amazing .
There ’s a great writeup from a week ago by another security researcher investigating these matters with some example queries the ad server ’s JavaScript is making , requesting things like the set of all friends who live in the same city , are single , and share interests with me .
This is all in direct violation of Facebook ’s Terms of Service and Platform Guidelines , which clearly prohibit using user data for anything but the application it was given for as well as transferring session parameters to a third party .
Yet this violation is occurring on an epic scale .
This quiz was created by an application called QuizMonster which allows users to create their own quizzes .
It ’s incredibly popular , with almost 1 million users having created a quiz , meaning tens of millions have possibly taken a quiz and been subject to these ads .
Many other applications no doubt used these ad severs as well .
The ads are mostly served from two domains , SocialHour and SocialReach , which both have websites claiming to be leading “ social monetization platforms . ”
( SocialReach is currently down , but is still cached by Google ) .
They seem quite dodgy though .
Their domains are registered through anonymous DNS registrars , and the ads themselves lead to a scam : after taking a quiz users must enter their mobile number , and are later hit with surprise $ 20 per month subscription fee .
This hints at the root of the problem : it ’s tough to make money even as a popular Facebook application , and so developers have been forced to resort to these sleazy ads because they pay well .
SocialReach even promises on its web site to pay the highest CPM in the industry .
Facebook similarly has an economic incentive to look the other way .
They clearly state in their terms of service that they may fail to enforce some of the terms , so users have no recourse if Facebook is loose with the rules to keep the platform attractive .
Most damningly , Facebook recently verified applications showing ads like these .
This scheme may be a violation of Principle 7 of the UK Data Protection Act , as Facebook is transferring data to a data processor on its behalf who is not upholding Facebook ’s privacy policy , but it ’s unclear where the liability lies .
Unless users are complaining en masse , Facebook has little reason to police the platform , as they have crafted their terms and conditions to disclaim all liability .
Speaking of complaints , after communicating with Henrik he filed a complaint with Facebook through their standard interface over three weeks ago , clearly stating that his data was being sent places he had n’t authorised .
He received no response , but last night Facebook acted , most likely with threats of legal action , and both Social Reach and Social Hour have stopped showing ads on Facebook .
Evidently Facebook received multiple complaints , probably more about the deceptive mobile phone subscription than the data theft , but it was enough to get Facebook to move .
While it ’s a positive sign that Facebook eventually did step in , this had been going on for at least a month and millions of users ’ data has probably already passed through these ad servers .
The long - term problem is that the underlying security model is completely broken .
Facebook applications get access to all data of users who sign up , though users sign up for dozens of one - time use applications like these quizzes without thinking twice .
There are hundreds of applications springing up every day , and Facebook ’s model of implementing no technical sandboxing and policing applications when things go wrong is completely unscalable .
This is n’t a new problem - running untrusted applications with limited privileges has been a research topic in operating systems , browsers , and mobile phones for years .
Mobile phones may be the closest parallel .
The iPhone ’s application dynamics are quite similar to Facebook ’s but have been ( mostly ) successfully run at reduced privileges without issue .
A nice research paper last year pointed out that it would be easy to isolate social networking applications from ever seeing user data , as most of them ( like quizzes ) do n’t even need it .
Given the huge body of applications already out there , Facebook is probably stuck with its current model of user consent and legal policing with little real security .
For all we complain about abstract notions of privacy , this technical shortcoming will probably be the biggest privacy headache for the foreseeable future .
Thanks to Henrik , Richard Clayton , and Ben Edelman for help with this report .
Quality Assurance & Testing Services
Quality that sets you apart !
We excel at the aspects of QA that govern all our internal quality standards leading to the development of accurate , precise and technically proficient solutions .
The consistent quality of our projects with minimum defects is widely popular leading to customer satisfaction across our extensive client portfolio …
The SEMA Show always brings out the best vehicles in the automotive aftermarket world .
But not only are there amazing creations from tuners throughout the country but also in attendance some of the hottest import ...
Note : Story updated below .
Smile !
Urine candid camera !
Acute airport - urinal observer and SnapStream CEO Rakesh Agrawal catches this unlikely warning posted in a men ’s restroom at the newish Southwest Airlines terminal at Hobby .
The text below the Dept. of Homeland Security logo at the top of the urinal reads :
Automatic infrared flush sensors also provide video monitoring for security purposes .
Hey , you ’ll probably want to make sure you . . . uh , “ look your best ” before you step away then , no ?
Reports the high - tech exec :
***
The camera appeared to be in the same panel that carried the flush sensor … a brushed metal panel with an oval shaped dark transparent glass with a red on it .
. . .
And this panel was located just above the urinal itself .
Given how close the user of the urinal would be to the flush sensor and camera , it ’s probably designed to monitor people walking in / out / around the bathroom , not the user of the urinal .
But still freaky !
Update , 5/26 : A spokesperson for the Houston Airport System comments !
Photo : Rakesh Agrawal
Patients with heart attacks and other forms of chest pain are three to five times more likely to experience serious complications after hospital admission when they are treated in a crowded emergency department ( ED ) , according to a new study published in the journal Academic Emergency Medicine .
The authors say that this dramatic difference in rates of serious complications underscores the need for action on the part of hospital administrators , policymakers and emergency physicians to find solutions to what has been termed “ a national public health problem . ”
More than six million patients per year come to U.S. emergency departments with chest pain .
“ What shocked us is that these complications were not explained by what goes on in the ED , like getting aspirin or a rapid electrocardiogram , ” says lead author Jesse M. Pines , M.D. , MBA , an assistant professor of emergency medicine and epidemiology at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania and a senior fellow at the Leonard Davis Institute of Health Economics .
“ The adverse events occurred after the patient had been admitted to the hospital .
Emergency department crowding is really more of a marker of a dysfunctional hospital . ”
The study followed 4,574 patients who were admitted to the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania for symptoms of chest pain over an eight - year period .
Ultimately , 802 were diagnosed with an acute coronary syndrome ( chest pain of cardiac origin ) ; of those , 273 had a true heart attack .
There were 251 complications that occurred in the hospital after initial emergency department treatment .
Complications included serious events , such as heart failure , delayed heart attacks , dangerously low blood pressure , heart arrhythmias and cardiac arrest .
When the emergency department was at its highest occupancy and waiting room census , patients with acute coronary syndrome were three times more likely to experience complications in the hospital .
When the “ patient - hours ” was highest , they were more than five times more likely to have a complication .
Patient - hours is a sum of the total hours that all patients in the emergency department have been waiting .
“ It is a measure of real ED workload , ” says Pines .
Patients without acute coronary syndrome , but still were sick enough to be admitted to the hospital , also had three to four times more complications at highest waiting room census and patient - hours .
The authors were unable to pinpoint the exact causes for why both groups of patients had worse outcomes , but they thought that this might be due to poorer care coordination , delays in testing , and overburdened doctors and nurses in the emergency department and in the hospital .
“ The federal government and other payers have focused efforts on reducing unnecessary complications by refusing to pay for hospitalizations where there is a preventable cause , such as an infection from a bladder catheter or a central line , ” says Judd E. Hollander , M.D. , the study ’s senior author and professor of emergency medicine at Penn .
“ While it ’s difficult to know what complications are truly preventable , what we do know is that crowding is preventable .
But hospitals have to allocate enough resources to their emergency departments so that errors are caught early and patients do n’t suffer . ”
He went on to say that the major factor that causes crowding is the boarding of admitted patients , where people spend long periods of time waiting in the emergency department after admission .
“ The problem is that in today ’s day and age , hospitals are not held accountable for crowding and waiting times , ” says Hollander .
Recent literature has shown that paradoxically , hospitals profit when their emergency departments are crowded because it allows more elective patients ( such as pre-scheduled surgeries ) to be admitted .
But recently , the National Quality Forum has approved several measures of emergency department crowding , including waiting times to see a physician , overall length of stay , boarding times and left - without - being seen rates .
“ Once hospitals realize that their reputations will be tied to how long people wait , hospitals will have a greater incentive to reduce crowding and waiting .
Making sure the emergency department is n’t crowded will certainly make patients happier , but our hope is this will make hospitals safer for everyone , ” says Pines .
The world 's richest man , Bill Gates , has urged fellow billionaires to give away most of their wealth , saying sharing brought far more joy than passing on money to descendants .
" I think all billionaires should give away the vast majority of their fortune , " the Microsoft co-founder , who has given away a large part of his $ 49 billion fortune to fight poverty and disease , said at a public debate .
" I 'm not saying they should n't leave anything for their kids or to have a little bit for themselves but yes , I think they would enjoy it , I think their kids would be better off , and I think the world would be better off .
" I want to share with them how much fun we 've had . "
Fellow American Warren Buffet , the world 's second richest man with a fortune estimated at $ 46 billion , announced in 2006 that he would leave a part of his wealth to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation .
- AFP
In the last month or two some of us got really enthusiastic about the Mibbit service and how it can be a relatively easy way to direct more people to the IRC channels where we can provide quick help .
I got so enthusiastic that I wrote a blog post ( What is the last element of an infinite list or how to get started with Perl 6 ? ) trying to direct people interested in Perl 6 to use that service .
Adam Kennedy wrote about how we added " Live support " to Padre .
Two days ago I even added an icon to the Strawberry Perl for Windows distribution that will open a browser to Mibbit to join the # win32 IRC channel .
Then yesterday Freenode has shut down the access to its service using the Mibbit web IRC client and offered their own webchat .
That 's bad .
Not only do I have to fix my blog entry - which is easy but disturbing - but it also means all the current users of Padre 0.35 have a broken " Live Service " link in their application .
Luckily , there are not many such people .
So we have to fix the link in Padre and release a new version .
that of course is not enough as I would like to avoid another such event so instead of pointing to an external service we are going to point to a web page on our site that will do the redirection automatically .
It can even provide us with another chance to explain what is waiting for the un-expecting user .
That way if the URLs change or services get shut down we only need to update a page on our web site and the users wo n't need to know about the change .
So I started to build a page in JavaScript that will redirect the users to the relevant web based IRC channel .
I added a few channels that were listed on irc.perl.org and a few that were not .
I am sure there are lots of other Perl related channels out there that could be added to the list .
Especially I am interested in locale specific channels so we will be able to direct the Italian speaking users to the Italian IRC channel .
Please check out this page that I now call the Perl IRC Jumper .
By looking at the source you can see the list of all the channels we currently have .
If you know about other channels that you 'd like to see there , either post a response here or drop by the # padre channel and let me know what else to add .
VIEWPOINT
Dr Joanna Moncrieff
Mental health expert
Taking a pill to treat depression is widely believed to work by reversing a chemical imbalance .
Medication is a mainstay of mental health therapy
But in this week 's Scrubbing Up health column , Dr Joanna Moncrieff , of the department of mental health sciences at University College London , says they actually put people into " drug - induced states " .
If you 've seen a doctor about emotional problems some time over the past 20 years , you may have been told that you had a chemical imbalance , and that you needed tablets to correct it .
It 's not just doctors that think this way , either .
Magazines , newspapers , patients ' organisations and internet sites have all publicised the idea that conditions like depression , anxiety , schizophrenia and bipolar disorder can be treated by drugs that help to rectify an underlying brain problem .
People with schizophrenia and other conditions are frequently told that they need to take psychiatric medication for the rest of their lives to stabilise their brain chemicals , just like a diabetic needs to take insulin .
The trouble is there is little justification for this view of psychiatric drugs .
Altered states
First , although ideas like the serotonin theory of depression have been widely publicised , scientific research has not detected any reliable abnormalities of the serotonin system in people who are depressed .
Second , it is often said the fact that drug treatment " works " proves there 's an underlying biological deficiency .
Psychoactive drugs make people feel different
Read your comments
But there is another explanation for how psychiatric drugs affect people with emotional problems .
It is frequently overlooked that drugs used in psychiatry are psychoactive drugs , like alcohol and cannabis .
Psychoactive drugs make people feel different ; they put people into an altered mental and physical state .
They affect everyone , regardless of whether they have a mental disorder or not .
Therefore , an alternative way of understanding how psychiatric drugs affect people is to look at the psychoactive effects they produce .
Drugs referred to as antipsychotics , for example , dampen down thoughts and emotions , which may be helpful in someone with psychosis .
Drugs like Valium produce a state of relaxation and a pleasant drowsiness , which may reduce anxiety and agitation .
Drugs labelled as " anti- depressants " come from many different chemical classes and produce a variety of effects .
Prior to the 1950s , the drugs that were used for mental health problems were thought of as psychoactive drugs , which produced mainly sedative effects .
' Informed choice ' Views about psychiatric drugs changed over the course of the 1950s and 1960s .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
They gradually came to be seen as being specific treatments for specific diseases , or " magic bullets " , and their psychoactive effects were forgotten .
However , this transformation was not based on any compelling evidence .
In my view it remains more plausible that they " work " by producing drug - induced states which suppress or mask emotional problems .
If we gave people a clearer picture drug treatment might not always be so appealing
This does n't mean psychiatric drugs can't be useful , sometimes .
But , people need to be aware of what they do and the sorts of effects they produce .
At the moment people are being encouraged to believe that taking a pill will make them feel better by reversing some defective brain process .
That sounds good .
If your brain is not functioning properly , and a drug can make it work better , then it makes sense to take the pill .
If , on the other hand , we gave people a clearer picture , drug treatment might not always be so appealing .
If you told people that we have no idea what is going on in their brain , but that they could take a drug that would make them feel different and might help to suppress their thoughts and feelings , then many people might choose to avoid taking drugs if they could .
On the other hand , people who are severely disturbed or distressed might welcome these effects , at least for a time .
People need to make up their own minds about whether taking psychoactive drugs is a useful way to manage emotional problems .
To do this responsibly , however , doctors and patients need much more information about the nature of psychiatric drugs and the effects they produce .
Dr Moncrieff 's book " The Myth of the Chemical Cure " , published by Palgrave Macmillan , will be available in paperback from September .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Award - Winning Project and Resource Management Software
Services business needs go beyond what singular apps of the past can do .
Mavenlink gives you more , in a unified solution .
Proof ?
We ’re recognized as the first Leader on the Project Management , Professional Services Automation and Resource Management software grids on G2 Crowd .
The moves now being made by the world 's political establishment to lock us into December 's Copenhagen treaty to halt global warming are as alarming as anything that has happened in our lifetimes .
Last week in Italy , the various branches of our emerging world government , G8 and G20 , agreed in principle that the world must by 2050 cut its CO2 emissions in half .
Britain and the US are already committed to cutting their use of fossil fuels by more than 80 per cent .
Short of an unimaginable technological revolution , this could only be achieved by closing down virtually all our economic activity : no electricity , no transport , no industry .
All this is being egged on by a gigantic publicity machine , by the UN , by serried ranks of government - funded scientists , by cheerleaders such as Al Gore , last week comparing the fight against global warming to that against Hitler 's Nazis , and by politicians who have no idea what they are setting in train .
by Brett Stevens on June 21 , 2009
Fantastic , brave and thought - provoking article from David Mitchell at the Guardian :
Sacrificing our rights and freedoms , or the use of them , for the greater good is much called for at the moment .
There ’s pressure to recycle , pay higher taxes , not travel on planes , avoid products manufactured by enslaved children , stop borrowing money we can’t pay back , stop lending money to people who wo n’t pay it back and abstain from tuna .
And psychologically we could n’t be worse prepared .
For decades , our society has trumpeted liberty and its use , choice , self - expression , global travel and all forms of spending as inalienable rights .
But only as the environment and economy teeter are we gradually becoming aware that with the power such liberties give us comes the responsibility to deal with the consequences . …
But any self - sacrifice feels to us westerners like tyranny .
We ’re not ready for it .
Our evolution into apex individualists has superbly attuned us to injustices against us while atrophying our awareness of the vastly greater number that work in our favour .
It ’s not our fault , it ’s how we were raised .
Our fear of being encroached upon has made us forget that there are few freedoms that can be fully exercised without impinging on someone else ’s .
The freedom to stab has long since been subordinated to the freedom not to be stabbed .
But we still have the freedom not to recycle and to borrow or lend money recklessly , regardless of others ’ freedom to live on a habitable planet and in a functional economy .
We ’ve hugely prioritised our rights over our duties because it ’s only the former that tyrants try to take away .
The Guardian
This blog has long covered the major problem of social reality , which is where people band together and create a consensual reality - image in order to protect themselves from anything they do n’t want to do .
This very negative thinking at its core is defensive , and knows what it hates but not what it loves .
It also makes us easy to manipulate : tell us that something is “ not - free ” and we are “ free , ” and we ’re automatically against it , banded together into a lynch mob that does n’t care about the details .
But “ rights , ” itself , as a paradigm , may be a bad design .
It ’s not a goal , but it is a surrogate for a goal .
Instead of “ do the right thing , ” we have the mandate to “ protect our inalienable right to do nothing we do n’t want to do , ” which makes us into brats who avoid doing the right thing because then we lose some of that freedom .
There ’s another insidious problem which we see here :
The latest session of the United Nations Human Rights Council , which ended this past week in Geneva , was marked by a series of attempts to weaken the body .
Diplomats and non-governmental organisations have expressed concern over efforts by some states , including Cuba , China and Brazil , to muzzle independent reporting .
For many observers , a point of no return was reached during a special Council session on Sri Lanka in late May .
The Sri Lankan government was able to impose the principle of non-interference in order to refuse an on - the - spot independent investigation .
SwissInfo
“ Rights ” confers an implied right to dominate to whatever individual , group or political body is promising more rights .
This is post - WWII logic that the UK and USA used to justify much of what they did in defeating the Germans and Japanese , and later , what they had to do to keep the Soviets at bay .
Us=good got replaced by us=free ; we had more rights , they had no rights , so we had a moral imperative to destroy them .
But the problem of rights as a concept is that it empowers selfishness .
In developing nations , this is more poignant than in the West .
If you ’re trying to get everyone to work together , build an infrastructure , get educated and update your technology — because organization of society , an end to corruption and technology define passage toward the first world — people demanding their right to not cooperate become a problem .
And many of these people were the same ones who benefitted from primal kleptocracy , which is the order we see in most of the world today , where corrupt warlords rule not for the good of their people but for their own lifestyle .
It ’s natural , in a sense : if the people around you are too disorganized to build an infrastructure , you might as well exploit them and get it for yourself .
But it perpetuates itself .
In the same way , in the West , the rights of individuals have trumped positive changes in countless instances .
We do n’t want anyone to tell us where we can or ca n’t live , who we can or ca n’t marry , what we can or ca n’t do , what we can or ca n’t ingest , and so on .
But that leads to a universal monoculture of anti-culture , where there are no shared values because any value imposed causes someone to send up a shriek about their rights .
As David Mitchell points out , this is culminating in a legacy of disaster .
Our society is neurotic , alcoholic and hooked on pills , sexually miserably , unable to form families , politically corrupt in that genteel way that nothing gets done but everyone still takes full pay , filled with unproductive and mindless jobs , hampered by regulations , endlessly frustrating to anyone halfway intelligent , and so on .
That ’s the kingdom of rights .
This blog has suggested in the past a simpler course of action : instead of asking reality to adapt to us , we should adapt to reality , which is a series of patterns created by natural forces .
These natural forces do not limit themselves to material , but reflect degrees of organization ; for example , a social group can experience entropy just as matter does and just as ideas do when transmitted multiple times .
That ’s reality , and it ’s something that requires careful study to understand .
But we ’re not even trying .
We ’ve created a kingdom of brats who just want to do what they think they want to do , and even if the results make them miserable , they ’re still going to persist .
It ’s good to see this illusion of rights slowly unraveling .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
" If we were a business you would n't worry about nationality , you would just take the best students from wherever they came from the in the world , " he said .
" We are taxpayer funded and we have in the past tried to recruit 60 per cent of our students from home and 40 per cent from overseas .
But if financial times became very tough we would change that because we would have to survive and compete internationally so we would go where the market was . "
The Reddit alien on the windows at WWDC .
He ’s on the bottom row of windows along 4th street near the escalators .
leonardo
View : Recent Entries .
View : Archive .
View : Friends .
View : Profile .
View : Website ( My Website ) .
June 17th , 2009 Tags : d language , programming Security : Subject : The Case for D - the other side of the coin Time : 12:27 am
http://www.ddj.com/hpc-high-performance-computing/217801225
D1 is a very nice language , and I use it often , but this article shows too much the good sides of the D2 language and its compilers , focusing on what it may do in future , ignoring their numerous current downsides and problems .
Giving false expectations in possible new D users is dangerous .
I think that giving a more balanced account of the current situation is better , even if in future most of current D problems may be fixed .
A good article must show the current troubles of the language too , and not just talk about good implementations that may be found years from now .
At the moment Java is a very fast language , the compiler helps the programmer avoid many bug - prone situations , and the toolchain is very good .
But at the beginning Java was really slow and of limited usefulness , it was little more than a toy .
This post is n't a list of all faults I see in the D language , it 's a list of comments about the article by Andrei Alexandrescu .
From the article :
> In the process , the language 's complexity has increased , which is in fact a good indicator because no language in actual use has ever gotten smaller . <
D2 language is more complex than D1 , and even if each thing added to D may have its justifications , C++ language clearly shows that too much complexity is bad .
So higher complexity is not a good indicator .
> Other implementations are underway , notably including an a .NET port and one using the LLVM infrastructure as backend . <
The LDC compiler ( with LLVM backend ) is already usable on Linux to compile D1 code with the Tango standard lib ( but it lacks the built - in profiler ) .
On windows LLVM lacks exception support , so it can't be used yet .
> D could be best described as a high - level systems programming language . <
It may be quite hard to think about using D to write something like the Linux kernel , or to write code for little embedded systems .
D compiled programs are too much big for embedded systems with few kilobytes of RAM , an the D language relies too much on the GC ( even if it can be switched off , etc ) to be a good tool to write real - world kernel .
So D is currently more like a systems programming - like language .
A multi-level language that can be used to write code quite close to the ' metal ' or to write high - level generic code too .
> It encompasses features that are normally found in higher - level and even scripting languages -- such as a rapid edit - run cycle , <
Being made of compiled modules , the edit - run cycle in a D program can be as fast as in other languages like C# and Java .
> In fact , D can link and call C functions directly with no intervening translation layer . <
On Windows you usually have to compile the C code with DMC to do this .
> However , you 'd very rarely feel compelled to go that low because D's own facilities are often more powerful , safer , and just as efficient . <
In practice currently there are situiations where using C - style code can lead to higher performance in D1 ( especially if you use the DMD compiler instead of the LDC one ) .
> support for documentation and unit testing is built - in . <
Such things are very handy and nice .
But the current built - in support for documentation has many bugs , and the built - in unit testing is very primitive and limited : for example tests have no name , they just contain normal code and assert ( ) , and their running stops as soon as the first assert fails .
return printf ( " hello , world
" ) < 0 ;
This may be more correct C :
if ( printf ( " hello , world
" ) >= 0 )
return EXIT_SUCCESS ;
else
return EXIT_FAILURE ;
>( and T ! ( X ) or simply T!X for T )<
In D1 the T!X syntax is n't supported .
In D2 there 's another rule , you can't write :
T!( U!( X ) )
As :
T!U!X
This is an example where things are more complex in D2 just to save two chars .
>D's unit of compilation , protection , and modularity is the file .
The unit of packaging is a directory . <
D module system is nice and handy , but it currently has several bugs , and it has some semantic holes .
The sensation it leaves in the programmer is that its design was started well , but then the development of such design has stopped mid-course , leaving some of its functionalities half - unfinished .
For example if you import the module ' foo ' , in the current namespace it imports not just ' foo ' , but all the names contained into ' foo ' , and the ' foo ' name itself .
This is silly .
There are also troubles with circular import semantics , package semantics , safety ( it lacks a syntax to import all names from a module .
That 's the default berhavour , and this is bad ) .
Another downside is that all current D compilers are n't able to follow the module tree by themselves to compile code , so you need to tell the compiler all the modules you need to compile , even if such information is already fully present in the code itself .
There are several tools that try to patch this basic functionality hole ( very big programs need more complex building strategies , but experience shows me that most small D programs can be fine with that automatic compilation model ) .
>* One , the language 's grammar allows separate and highly optimized lexing , parsing , and analysis steps . <
This also has the downside that it limits the possible syntax that can be used in the language , for example it makes this code impossible :
foreach ( i , item in items )
Forcing the language to use this , that is a bit less readable and a little more bug - prone :
foreach ( i , item ; items )
>* Three , Walter Bright , the creator and original implementor of D , is an inveterate expert in optimization . <
This is probably true , despite this the backend of DMD produces not much efficient code .
LDC ( LLVM - backend ) is generally much better in this .
Update1 , Jun 17 2009 : DMD ( especially DMD D1 ) is faster than LDC in compiling code .
> Other procedural and object - oriented languages made only little improvements , <
Untrue , see Clojure and Scala .
Hopefully D will do as well or better .
Update1 , Jun 17 2009 : both Clojure and Scala run on the JVM , so the situation is different .
> a state of affairs that marked a recrudescence of functional languages <
Some other people may talk about a reinassance , instead :-)
> SafeD is focussed only on eliminating memory corruption possibilities . <
It may be better to add other safeties to such SafeD modules .
> That makes Java and C# code remarkably easy to port into a working D implementation . <
It 's indeed quite easy to port C / Java code to D .
But translating C headers to D may require some work .
And currently the D garbage collector is much less efficient than the common Java ones , so D requires code that allocates less often .
Update1 , Jun 17 2009 : there are tools that help convert C headers to D .
> such as an explicit override keyword to avoid accidental overriding , <
It 's optional .
> and a technique I can't mention because it 's trademarked , so let 's call it contract programming . <
It 's built - in in the language .
It 's not implemented in a very complete way , but it may be enough if you are n't used to Eiffel .
> The implementation now takes O( n ) time , and tail call optimization ( which D implements ) takes care of the space complexity . <
At the moment only the LDC compiler ( a D1 compiler ) is able to perform tail - call elimination ( and probably only in simple situations .
But probably as LLVM improves , LDC will improve ) .
Update1 , Jun 17 2009 : I was wrong , DMD is able to tail - call optimize if the situation is simple .
> iron - clad functional purity guarantees , and comfortable implementation when iteration is the preferred method .
If that 's not cool , I do n't know what is . <
At the moment calls to pure functions are n't moved out of loops .
There can be problems if the pure function generates an out of memory exception , or if it 's involved a change in the floating point rounding mode .
Functional programming juggles lot of immutable data , and this puts the garbage collector under a high pressure .
Currently the D GC is n't efficient enough for such quick cycles of memory allocation , so it 's not much fit yet for functional - style programming ( or Java - style Object Oriented style of programming that allocates very frequently ) .
All this is n't meant to discourage you from using the D1 / D2 languages .
-------------------------------
Update1 , Jun 17 2009 :
See also the discussion on Reddit :
http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/8t7s1/the_case_for_d_the_other_side_of_the_coin/
Answers to the received comments :
Thank you Anonymous for your large amount of comments .
I 'll fix the blog post where I see it 's necessary .
Your comments will help me a lot in improving my blog post .
> For exception support , it 's more C++'s LLVM and Windows SEH issue , to get it right . <
Eventually LLVM / Clang developers will support exceptions on Windows .
Several things tell me that LDC will be a good compiler .
> As for profiler , I believe you can compile to LLVM bytecode and profile that by LLVM tools , but well , it 's ugly . <
Some things are already possible ( I am trying KCachegrind now ) , but DMD is quite more handy , you can just add a " - profile " and it just works .
( Code coverage of DMD too is handy , but it does n't work on some bigger programs of mine ) .
Walter has said more than one time that having easy to use tools helps people use them more often .
> but what we actually want are just more tools and more mature tools . <
Command - line features like DMD profiler are enough for me in many situations .
> Well , there is actually microkernel OS in D around : <
I know , but I have read an half - serious proposal to create another compiler to compile the Linux kernel because GCC is n't too much fit for this purpose .
So I guess D compilers too may be even less fit for that purpose .
On the other hand Microsoft is trying to use a modified C# to write a OS ( and they say the extra safety offered by C# allows to avoid some controls in the code , and this ends up creating globally efficient enough code ) , so it may be doable in D too .
> D programs are somewhat bigger minimal C apps ( and esp. , compiled by LLVM LDC ) because of 3 things : <
A GC can't be avoided , but maybe it 's possible to keep it outside , dynamically linked .
The runtime contains unicode management , associative arrays , dynamic arrays and more , but it may be possible to strip away some of such things when not used .
>( as a example of such multi- level language , but I 'd like to see OMeta - like stuff for D better ) . <
OMeta is the future :-)
See also Pymeta , Meta for Python :
http://washort.twistedmatrix.com/
> Exactly , but you always can reimpement your wheels ( read : modules / packages via classes , and some design pattern around that ) , and feed them thru CTFE / mixins . <
I 'd like the built - in unittest systems to be a bit more powerful , or you can of course re-implement them outside the language , but then it 's better to remove the built - in unittest features .
Keeping both is not good .
> That 's actually matter not compiler itself , but your build system . <
The DMD compiler already has built - in things that are beyond the purposes of a normal compiler .
Adding this automatic build feature is n't essential but it 's handy and positive .
> Hey , that ' item in items ' stuff is not D semantic , and has nothing to with compiler itself . <
D compiler is designed in several separated layers .
So it seems that to change the syntax adding an " in " inside the foreach you have to add some feedback between layers , and this is seen as bad for the compiler ( and probably Walter is right here ) .
> public / private import ?<
Imports are already private by default now in D .
The problems are quite more big here .
> new instaneous dee0xd <
Never seen that before .
> Arguable : dmd still compiles faster , and binary sizes are smaller .
LLVM optimizations are much more promising , though . <
In most of my benchmarks LDC produces programs that are faster or much faster .
DMD indeed compiles faster ( DMD of D2 is a bit less fast ) .
Binary sizes produced by LDC are sometimes bigger but they are working on this , and most times the size is similar .
> Somewhat different playgrounds here : JVM - based or self - hosted . <
You are right , the situation is different .
But I think you can implement Clojure multiprocessing ideas even without a VM .
> Just stub your own GC in .
There are different GC strategies after all , why to hope ' one size fitts all ' on every cases ? <
Indeed , JavaVM ships with more than one GC to fulfill different purposes .
My own GC is probably going to be worse than the current built - in one .
I am not able to write a GC as good JavaVM ones .
So what you write here is not good .
> Java GC's was much worse than Oberon 's btw , when it just appeared . <
Java at the beginning was WAY worse , I know , I have stated this at the beginning of my blog post .
> And if you have many of ' quick cycles of memory allocation ' , something is wrong with your memory allocator .
It 's not better when you have lotso manual malloc / free , its better when you have memory pools , arenas , zones , and right allocation ( or GC ) strategy , which fits better for you app . <
If you look at most Java programs you can often see many small objects allocated in loops .
At the same way , in functional - style languages / programs you can see lot of immutable data structures that are created and collected away all the time .
From my benchmarks I think the current D GC is n't fit for such kinds of code .
> So I believe we can't rely on one single GC for all use cases , but we need lotso strategies and pluggable GC's for different uses cases and different strategies . <
I agree , but probably 2 - 3 GCs ( built - in and switchable at compile time ) can be enough for most D purposes .
I am sure there are many ways to improve the current D GC ( for example having a type system able to tell apart GC - manages pointers , and a hybrid moving \conservative GC that pins down memory manually managed , and moves and compacts all the other memory ) , my purpose was just to show and talk about the current situation .
> That should n't stop you in any way from using D <
Of course .
I do n't waste hours of my time commenting about a language I do n't like to program with :-)
D is my second preferred language ( after Python ) , I like it and I have written lot of D code :-)
Thank you again for all your comments , as you see I agree with most of the things you have written here .
Andrei Alexandrescu has written a nice article , " The Case for D " ( click on ' Print ' to read it on a single page ) : D1 is a very nice language , and I use it often , but this article shows too much the good sides of the D2 language and its compilers , focusing on what it may do in future , ignoring their numerous current downsides and problems .
Giving false expectations in possible new D users is dangerous .
I think that giving a more balanced account of the current situation is better , even if in future most of current D problems may be fixed .
A good article must show the current troubles of the language too , and not just talk about good implementations that may be found years from now .
At the moment Java is a very fast language , the compiler helps the programmer avoid many bug - prone situations , and the toolchain is very good .
But at the beginning Java was really slow and of limited usefulness , it was little more than a toy .
This post is n't a list of all faults I see in the D language , it 's a list of comments about the article by Andrei Alexandrescu .
From the article : >
In the process , the language 's complexity has increased , which is in fact a good indicator because no language in actual use has ever gotten smaller .
Other implementations are underway , notably including an a .NET port and one using the LLVM infrastructure as backend .
D could be best described as a high - level systems programming language .
It encompasses features that are normally found in higher - level and even scripting languages -- such as a rapid edit - run cycle , In fact , D can link and call C functions directly with no intervening translation layer .
However , you 'd very rarely feel compelled to go that low because D's own facilities are often more powerful , safer , and just as efficient .
support for documentation and unit testing is built - in . = 0 ) return EXIT_SUCCESS;elsereturn EXIT_FAILURE
;>( and T ! ( X ) or simply T!X for T comments : Leave a comment
( Anonymous ) Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-06-17 12:04 pm ( UTC ) Hello , nice to read your notes .
Just some my $ 0.02 ( part1 ) :
>> Other implementations are underway , notably including an a .NET port and one using the LLVM infrastructure as backend . <
> The LDC compiler ( with LLVM back - end ) is already usable on Linux to compile D1 code with the Tango standard lib ( but it lacks the built - in profiler ) .
On windows LLVM lacks exception support , so it can't be used yet .
And there LDC D2 is not quite usable yet , sigh :( but it 's on roadmap .
Tango + D2 is not compiling yet , but some work is underway .
For exception support , it 's more C++'s LLVM and Windows SEH issue , to get it right .
As for profiler , I believe you can compile to LLVM bytecode and profile that by LLVM tools , but well , it 's ugly .
We need better support in Tango for stack backrace on exceptions ( like h3r3tic 's backtrace hack on Windows ) , better integration of exception and signals like SEH on Windows , better overall debug / profile tools ( but there are some like h3r3 tic 's live profiler , or llvm 's native tools or dmd 's built - in -- just UI happens to be ugly ( any volonteurs to port Java - like Eclipse stuff to Descent , anyone ? ) )
Same applies to unittest stuff -- there are built - in to compiler ' unittest ' keyword , there 's a JUnit - like DUnit project , there are some in - house testing frameworks , but hell , no usable UI for them for Descent like JUnit support in Eclipse yet .
It 's just a matter or time / enough of eager persons to those tools to appear -- it could be done , just like h3r3 tic 's stuff ( like DDL , oprofiler , dynamic linker , testing framework etc ) -- as libraries , but it seems poor support in runtime yet .
So , you always could reinvent your wheels about the same way like exception support in C ( like gtk's OO in C stuff -- your always can emulate OO in plain C or exceptions / unittests / reflection via classes , but hey , it 's a kludge ) , your favorite testing framework , your favourite profile tools so on , but what we actually want are just more tools and more mature tools .
LLVM 's based LDC makes some stuff like DDL / xxl linker quite obsolete , btw .
But that tools could be done in the same plain D , as we could see from actually working projects .
Also , there are some other D compilers , like dil ( written in D itself ) , which is currently usable mostly for doxygen - like documentation generation , or source - to - source compilation tools ( like one used to port DWT to D from Java 's SWT , or languagemachine 's bindings for gcc trees , which could be used to transform gcc ( read : gdc ) generated immediate representation , or PyD / Deelight python integration , or scripting languages MiniD / Monster which are resembling D itself ) , and so on -- so , your definitly in better situation than in C++ toolchain , but maybe slightly worse ( and I believe about the same ) features than Java toolchain .
>>D could be best described as a high - level systems programming language . <
> It may be quite hard to think about using D to write something like the Linux kernel , or to write code for little embedded systems .
D compiled programs are too much big for embedded systems with few kilobytes of RAM , an the D language relies too much on the GC ( even if it can be switched off , etc ) to be a good tool to write real - world kernel .
Well , there is actually microkernel OS in D around : http://wiki.xomb.org/index.php?title=XOmB_Bare_Bones , and it definitly could be used for embedded systems ( gdc could be crosscompiled for ARM etc WinCE stuff , and I 've seen some game / app toolkit for WinCE crosscompiled with cygwin from gdc )
D programs are somewhat bigger minimal C apps ( and esp. , compiled by LLVM LDC ) because of 3 things :
- static linking ( try gcc - static - llibc / libstdc + + , not funky dietlib stuff , and then tell me about big binaries )
- and minimal runtime size ( phobos is somewhat big , and tango is definetly too much ) -- but that is libc vs. dietlibc issue ,
you can create your mapfile , watch your runtime and invent diettango - alike
- runtime built - in GC ( but you can link gc stub in or do manual MM just like in C , and gc wo n't be called until you stay minimal D subset ( about the same thing like C++/ embedded C++ ( watch IOKit in MacOSX ) ) ( Reply ) ( Thread )
( Anonymous ) Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-06-17 12:07 pm ( UTC ) ( part2 )
> A multi-level language that can be used to write code quite close to the ' metal ' or to write high - level generic code too .
And there is a brilliant metaprogramming example of this -- like h3r3tic 's OpenGL example ( writing pixel shaders with metaprogramming ) .
Or , read MiniD / Deelight / so on integration to D runtime ( as a example of such multi - level language , but I 'd like to see OMeta - like stuff for D better ) .
> > support for documentation and unit testing is built - in . <
> But the current built - in support for documentation has many bugs , and the built - in unit testing is very primitive and limited
> There are also troubles with circular import semantics , package semantics , safety ( it lacks a syntax to import all names from a module .
That 's the default behavior , and this is bad ) .
Exactly , but you always can reimpement your wheels ( read : modules / packages via classes , and some design pattern around that ) , and feed them thru CTFE / mixins .
> Another downside is that all current D compilers are n't able to follow the module tree by themselves to compile code , so you need to tell the compiler all the modules you need to compile , even if such information is already fully present in the code itself
That 's actually matter not compiler itself , but your build system .
You can gcc *.c w/ o - I *.h , and still fail .
You could have that dependency issues in your makefile on H files , and have to put gcc -M .deps in there .
But you do n't have to do in in smarter build tool , like scons , waf , rebuild / bud , dsss , so on .
That 's not gcc vs. dmd issue , that 's more make vs. dss/scons /waf issue .
> This also has the downside that it limits the possible syntax that can be used in the language , for example it makes this code impossible :
Hey , that ' item in items ' stuff is not D semantic , and has nothing to with compiler itself .
You could invent templates to do that via mixins , you could preprocess your D++ language to D ( or , to LLVM bytecode , or gdc's gcc GIMPLE , or LLVM / dil 's C output ) via some ANTLR - like tools ( or languagemachine , or so on ) -- but what fits that ' extensible syntax ' stuff perfectly is more like OMeta parser and tools stuff , and that could be done in D , too :)
Like REBOL 's switchable syntax .
You 'll just have to generate your ' D ++'- like language extension to correct parseable by backend , or to D source itself , or to C source / bytecode AST .
Exactly , but you always can reinvent your wheels .
There are external tools ( CandyDoc ) , libraries ( DUnit , DDL , and somewhat for reflection support ) , even compilers ( like dil for generating Tango documentation ) .
Hell , you could do some funky stuff with source - to - source transformation or platform - specific stuff like annotations for D.NET .
>>D's unit of compilation , protection , and modularity is the file .
The unit of packaging is a directory . <
> For example if you import the module ' foo ' , in the current namespace it imports not just ' foo ' , but all the names contained into ' foo ' , and the ' foo ' name itself .
This is silly .
public / private import ?
You could do mixins , you could compile your D code on fly and link / load on runtime with stuff like DDL or with LLVM .
> Being made of compiled modules , the edit - run cycle in a D program can be as fast as in other languages like C# and Java .
That stuff is actually much more productivity boost that C++/ Boost / crappy makefiles :)
Rapid REPL is what we missed in C++ all that time :)
And there are the variety of make - like toolchain tools : plain make , scons , waf , D - native dsss ( like maven ) , rebuild / bud , new instaneous dee0xd http://code.google.com/p/dee0xd/, and dmd itself is quite fast .
> On Windows you have to compile the C code with DMC to do this .
Just use same toolchain for D/C++ code : gcc/g++/gdc ( svn version is somewhat better ) , llvm - gcc / LDC , dmd / dmc , and so on .
There are some COFF / OMF issues with libraries too , so it 's better to use same toolchain all over there .
( Reply ) ( Thread )
( Anonymous ) Subject : patch Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-06-17 12:24 pm ( UTC ) > A multi - level language that can be used to write code quite close to the ' metal ' or to write high - level generic code too .
And there is a brilliant metaprogramming example of this -- like h3r3tic 's OpenGL example ( writing pixel shaders with metaprogramming ) .
Or , read MiniD / Deelight / so on integration to D runtime ( as a example of such multi - level language , but I 'd like to see OMeta - like stuff for D better ) .
You could do mixins , you could compile your D code on fly and link / load on runtime with stuff like DDL or with LLVM .
> Being made of compiled modules , the edit - run cycle in a D program can be as fast as in other languages like C# and Java .
That stuff is actually much more productivity boost that C++/ Boost / crappy makefiles :)
Rapid REPL is what we missed in C++ all that time :)
And there are the variety of make - like toolchain tools : plain make , scons , waf , D - native dsss ( like maven ) , rebuild / bud , new instaneous dee0xd http://code.google.com/p/dee0xd/, and dmd itself is quite fast .
> On Windows you have to compile the C code with DMC to do this .
Just use same toolchain for D/C++ code : gcc/g++/gdc ( svn version is somewhat better ) , llvm - gcc / LDC , dmd / dmc , and so on .
There are some COFF / OMF issues with libraries too , so it 's better to use same toolchain all over there .
> > support for documentation and unit testing is built - in . <
> But the current built - in support for documentation has many bugs , and the built - in unit testing is very primitive and limited
Exactly , but you always can reinvent your wheels .
There are external tools ( CandyDoc ) , libraries ( DUnit , DDL , and somewhat for reflection support ) , even compilers ( like dil for generating Tango documentation ) .
Hell , you could do some funky stuff with source - to - source transformation or platform - specific stuff like annotations for D.NET .
>>D's unit of compilation , protection , and modularity is the file .
The unit of packaging is a directory . <
> For example if you import the module ' foo ' , in the current namespace it imports not just ' foo ' , but all the names contained into ' foo ' , and the ' foo ' name itself .
This is silly .
public / private import ?
> There are also troubles with circular import semantics , package semantics , safety ( it lacks a syntax to import all names from a module .
That 's the default behavior , and this is bad ) .
Exactly , but you always can reimpement your wheels ( read : modules / packages via classes , and some design pattern around that ) , and feed them thru CTFE / mixins .
> Another downside is that all current D compilers are n't able to follow the module tree ( Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread )
( Anonymous ) Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-06-29 11:50 pm ( UTC ) >>
There are also troubles with circular import semantics , package semantics , safety ( it lacks a syntax to import all names from a module .
That 's the default behavior , and this is bad ) .
> Exactly , but you always can reimpement your wheels ( read : modules / packages via classes , and some design pattern around that ) , and feed them thru CTFE / mixins .
But the idea behind having a good compiler / api / framework is not (!!! ) to reinvent the wheel !!
Sure , you can do a lot of hacks to get something going but Leonardo is just right here .
The module system is just fucking broken !
It 's not the point having a module system which does not really work and make a lot of hacks so that it somehow works .
This is really a big flaw since ancient times and should be fixed with high priority .
This is one of the little things why d not has conquered the world yet .
And until these things are not fixed it never will ...
>>
Another downside is that all current D compilers are n't able to follow the module tree by themselves to compile code , so you need to tell the compiler all the modules you need to compile , even if such information is already fully present in the code itself
> That 's actually matter not compiler itself , but your build system .
You can gcc *.c w/ o - I *.h , and still fail .
You could have that dependency issues in your makefile on H files , and have to put gcc -M .deps in there .
But you do n't have to do in in smarter build tool , like scons , waf , rebuild / bud , dsss , so on .
That 's not gcc vs. dmd issue , that 's more make vs. dss/scons /waf issue .
But i think Leonardo is right here again .
Sure for bigger programs you will need some kind of build system but a lot of other languages out there show that for simple programs ( even ones which use external libraries ) the compiler is smart enough to figure out which modules are needed and does everything by itself .
So that again could be done by the d compiler as well .
There is just no reason why not and it would make things easier .
> That stuff is actually much more productivity boost that C++/ Boost / crappy makefiles :)
Rapid REPL is what we missed in C++ all that time :)
And there are the variety of make - like toolchain tools : plain make , scons , waf , D - native dsss ( like maven ) , rebuild / bud , new instaneous dee0xd http://code.google.com/p/dee0xd/, and dmd itself is quite fast .
Sure it always depends from which language you come from .
When you are used to the C++ makefile / build - system nightmares ( not even thinking about multiple platforms :-( ) then everything else is really great but when you look at all the other languages how easy they make it to build programs then again you wish something similar for d too ...
( Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread )
( Anonymous ) Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-06-17 12:09 pm ( UTC ) ( part3 )
> > support for documentation and unit testing is built - in . <
> But the current built - in support for documentation has many bugs , and the built - in unit testing is very primitive and limited
Exactly , but you always can reinvent your wheels .
There are external tools ( CandyDoc ) , libraries ( DUnit , DDL , and somewhat for reflection support ) , even compilers ( like dil for generating Tango documentation ) .
Hell , you could do some funky stuff with source - to - source transformation or platform - specific stuff like annotations for D.NET .
>>D's unit of compilation , protection , and modularity is the file .
The unit of packaging is a directory . <
> For example if you import the module ' foo ' , in the current namespace it imports not just ' foo ' , but all the names contained into ' foo ' , and the ' foo ' name itself .
This is silly .
public / private import ?
> There are also troubles with circular import semantics , package semantics , safety ( it lacks a syntax to import all names from a module .
That 's the default behavior , and this is bad ) .
Exactly , but you always can reimpement your wheels ( read : modules / packages via classes , and some design pattern around that ) , and feed them thru CTFE / mixins .
> Another downside is that all current D compilers are n't able to follow the module tree by themselves to compile code , so you need to tell the compiler all the modules you need to compile , even if such information is already fully present in the code itself
That 's actually matter not compiler itself , but your build system .
You can gcc *.c w/ o - I *.h , and still fail .
You could have that dependency issues in your makefile on H files , and have to put gcc -M .deps in there .
But you do n't have to do in in smarter build tool , like scons , waf , rebuild / bud , dsss , so on .
That 's not gcc vs. dmd issue , that 's more make vs. dss/scons /waf issue .
> This also has the downside that it limits the possible syntax that can be used in the language , for example it makes this code impossible :
Hey , that ' item in items ' stuff is not D semantic , and has nothing to with compiler itself .
You could invent templates to do that via mixins , you could preprocess your D++ language to D ( or , to LLVM bytecode , or gdc's gcc GIMPLE , or LLVM / dil 's C output ) via some ANTLR - like tools ( or languagemachine , or so on ) -- but what fits that ' extensible syntax ' stuff perfectly is more like OMeta parser and tools stuff , and that could be done in D , too :)
Like REBOL 's switchable syntax .
You 'll just have to generate your ' D ++'- like language extension to correct parseable by backend , or to D source itself , or to C source / bytecode AST .
( Reply ) ( Thread )
( Anonymous ) Subject : part4 , final Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-06-17 12:10 pm ( UTC ) >>*
Three , Walter Bright , the creator and original implementor of D , is an inveterate expert in optimization . <
> This is probably true , despite this the back - end of DMD produces not much efficient code .
LDC ( LLVM - back - end ) is generally much better in this .
Arguable : dmd still compiles faster , and binary sizes are smaller .
LLVM optimizations are much more promising , though .
>> Other procedural and object - oriented languages made only little improvements , <
> Untrue , see Clojure and Scala .
Hopefully D will do as well or better .
Somewhat different playgrounds here : JVM - based or self - hosted .
So , other language 's progress is much more limited by JVM 's restrictions as platform than by languages itself ( like tail call optimization , or maximum method size in JVM ) .
>> That makes Java and C# code remarkably easy to port into a working D implementation . <
> It 's indeed quite easy to port C / Java code to D .
But translating C headers to D may require some work .
Hey , that 's what tools are for .
You could check up OpenMorrowind project , which has C to D bindings , or QtD 's QtJambi hack to produce D binding / wrappers to C++
Qt classes ( instead of original Java ones ) .
Also , why not use something like gcc 's libffi .
> And currently the D garbage collector is much less efficient than the common Java ones , so D requires code that allocates less often .
Just stub your own GC in .
There are different GC strategies after all , why to hope ' one size fitts all ' on every cases ?
Java GC's was much worse than Oberon 's btw , when it just appeared .
> Functional programming juggles lot of immutable data , and this puts the garbage collector under a high pressure .
Currently the D GC is n't efficient enough for such quick cycles of memory allocation , so it 's not much fit yet for functional - style programming ( or Java - style Object Oriented style of programming that allocates very frequently ) .
Wrong point .
STM could be done in Clojure , it could be done in D .
It 's not GC allocation what fits better for functional - style programming , it 's that immutable thing .
And if you have many of ' quick cycles of memory allocation ' , something is wrong with your memory allocator .
It 's not better when you have lotso manual malloc / free , its better when you have memory pools , arenas , zones , and right allocation ( or GC ) strategy , which fits better for you app .
So I believe we can't rely on one single GC for all use cases , but we need lotso strategies and pluggable GC's for different uses cases and different strategies .
That could be done in monadic way in Haskell , that could be done in pluggable GC in D runtime ( with accurate GC interface ) .
>>>
All this is n't meant to discourage you from using the D1 / D2 languages .
Really , D language itself is fun .
It 's fun to code with , it 's fun to tinker about , though it suffers somewhat from community issues : lots of stale / dead projects / v0.01 ( read : not mature enough , but still fun projects ) , 2 versions of common runtime libraries ( tango / phobos / druntime compatibility issues ) , 2 versions of language itself ( D1/D2 compatibility issues ) , 2 versions of somewhat mature compilers ( read : D1 / LDC vs. dmd ) , 2 versions of everything .
That should n't stop you in any way from using D : you should practice yourself , make one or two or some more your current C++/ Java / C# project in D , watch the issues , drawbacks , tradeoffs .
And fun .
And make your own decision , wherether it fits your needs or do n't .
Anyway , ' Lisp learning would make your more enlighted to the rest of your life , even if you 'll never program in Lisp anymore ' -- and D programming will make your life happier , even if you wo n't paid for that yet .
It 's lean and mean , it 's do metaprogramming , and it 's fun .
( Reply ) ( Thread )
( Anonymous ) Subject : Re : part4 , final Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009 - 06-30 12:00 am ( UTC ) >
Arguable : dmd still compiles faster , and binary sizes are smaller .
LLVM optimizations are much more promising , though .
But the executables compiled by dmd run slower because of the old symantec c++ compiler ( now digital mars c++ compiler ) backend which lacks a lot of optimizations which modern c++ compilers do ( see http://www.agner.org/optimize/ optimizing c++ ) .
So since d is not getting any new backend soon hope for c++ like speed lives only in gdc ( which seems to be abandoned ) and ldc .
Now the problem still exists that they all share the same frontend which is also not optimizing well ( look at stuff like inlining ) .
And then there is also the problem with the non-optimal garbage collection which is not optimized for d which share all of the three implementations :-(
( Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread )
( Anonymous ) Subject : Re : part4 , final Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009 -06-30 12:46 am ( UTC ) >>
It 's indeed quite easy to port C / Java code to D .
But translating C headers to D may require some work .
> Hey , that 's what tools are for .
You could check up OpenMorrowind project , which has C to D bindings , or QtD 's QtJambi hack ...
Now where are the tools ?
HtoD is the only one i know of but it works only on windows and the things you mention here are not tools but already converted files which are useless when you want to create bindings for new c libraries .
>> And currently the D garbage collector is much less efficient than the common Java ones ...
> Just stub your own GC in .
There are different GC strategies after all , why to hope ' one size fitts all ' on every cases ?
Java GC's was much worse than Oberon 's btw ...
Now you 're a funny man .
Since we all have a large amount of highly tuned and d optimized garbage collectors lying around on our harddisks it is not a problem at all just to switch the fitting one right into our newest project .
I do n't wan't to sound mean so please apologize but the thing ( as you already pointed out in you last sentence ) is that it takes a large amount of time and skills to develop a really optimized garbage collector for a new programming language .
That is the reason why a lot of languages ( including d ) rely on the boehm garbage collector ( mono does this too and they have a lot more developers than d ! ) .
It took a lot of time even for java and .net to get highly tuned garbage collectors and these are really big companies with a lot of developers behind it .
And even the mono guys are working since a long time on a new garbage collector ( generational see : http://mono-project.com/Compacting_GC
) since the boehm - weiser garbage collector is really a big speed bottleneck for the runtime and it is clearly a bottleneck for d too !
So if you already have an alternative high - speed - generational - compacting garbage collector ready for d usage then please submit it to Walter so we can all take advantage of it .
> So I believe we can't rely on one single GC for all use cases , but we need lotso strategies ...
This is all true , but the thing is they all have to be implemented .
And since we have , as far as i know , two garbage collectors ( tango and the original d boemers - weiser ) which are both far from optimal , work should first be centered on one highly - tuned solution which is comparable with .
Net and java .
After that we can create millions and millions of other collectors .
> Really , D language itself is fun ...
It 's fun to code with , it 's fun to tinker about , though it suffers somewhat from community issues : lots of stale / dead projects /... 2 versions of common runtime libraries ... 2 versions of somewhat mature compilers
The reason for having a lot of dead projects lies in the lack of a stable version of the language for a long time .
There are so many dead projects created from really skillfull programers because a lot of them just were fed up by having to rework their code over and over again just because the language changed again .
It 's not a big deal changing your code the first time , not the second time , maybe not the third time but then start loosing the motivation to just go on and on .
> 2 versions of common runtime libraries
Big YES !
2 versions of a " STANDARD LIBRARY " is really a contradiction in terms .
This is really one of the worst things which can happen to any programming language .
This splits third - party - libraries in two different groups , programers , projects and so on and is really a major blocker for d development .
And the bad thing is that they are both so different .
Phobos is a low - level c-style library ( at some points a really bad hack ) with very basic functions but which is really great when you have to port old c or c++ code .
Phobos is the better designed high - level one which features a lot of things you expect from a modern standard library .
But i want both ( because i need all features ) and i need it on all plattforms for all compilers and for all libraries !
> 2 versions of somewhat mature compilers ( read : D1 / LDC vs. dmd )
I wish that would be true !
( It depends on your definition of " somewhat " . )
I really wish they would be somewhat more mature ( it 's still beta ) !
> That should n't stop you in any way from using D ...
That is all so true .
There is nothing to add .
( Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread )
( Anonymous ) Subject : Re : part4 , final Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-06-30 07:59 pm ( UTC ) > Now where are the tools ?
HtoD is the only one i know of but it works only on windows and the things you mention here are not tools but already converted files which are useless when you want to create bindings for new c libraries .
BCD , http://www.dsource.org/projects/bcd . ( Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread )
( Anonymous ) Subject : Re : part4 , final Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009 -06-30 10:54 pm ( UTC )
Thanks for the info .
I will definitively try it out soon since i want to play around with some projects which need bindings in linux with d .
Please do n't mind the harsh words .
It 's just the frustration of seeing that such a great language does not get the attention it deserves because of the lack of a good implementation .
And the really sad part is , that the focus is not shifted in making d 1.0 really a 1.0 version but on creating newer and newer versions with more and more features ( d 2.0 which is of course more fun ) .
There is a mistake here :
" Phobos is the better designed high - level one which features a lot of things you expect from a modern standard library . "
I meant " Tango is the better designed ... " of course :-)
( Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread )
( Anonymous ) Subject : Re1 : Update1 , Jun 17 2009 Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-06-28 12:55 pm ( UTC ) >
Thank you Anonymous for your large amount of comments .
I hope that amount was n't just TOO much :) ) sorry for formating / errors / grammar spelling / whatever and for having to read such a long post anyway -- i had to split it to several post to fit thru 1 post size limitation .
I appreciate the point of your initial post -- to clarify some things ( myths / hype ) based on real experience first .
Doing things , do n't just speculate on them .
> Walter has said more than one time that having easy to use tools helps people use them more often .
That 's exactly the point of built - in unittests , built - in profiler , gc , maybe assoc arrays implementation too -- not especially the best implementation of features out - of - the - box , but usable enough and it " just works " .
And you can plug in your own , if you 're struck with built - in 's limitations .
> Command - line features like DMD profiler are enough for me in many situations .
Yeah , but some new adopters wants to have the same level of comfort , as , say for example , in Java ( like debugging / profiling / JUnit ) .
Or say , SharpDevelop 3's profiler ( or , NUnit ) .
Or say , IronPython 's debugger ( and integration to Sharp# too ) .
There 's a fine devhawk 's blog on IronPython 's CLI integration , and the final result is as simple as things " just work " in Sharp# .
There are kind of things which should " just work " in IDE like D - in - a - box , too ( in the same analogy like Lisp - in - a - box , Emacs - in - a - box distros ) .
So Eclipse / Descent plugin ( or better , an plugin for Poseidon ) when implemented all those integration stuff will bring another popularity boost for D community , I believe .
Just from Sharp # 's user POV : it does n't matter what headaches toolchains ' / IronPython's / F# authors came through to make that integration , final result is as simple as i dloaded recent .
net framework , Sharp# , F# , and has all those repl console in my IDE .
It 's a . NET - in - a - box , Sharp# is .
Maybe , graph2 dot + some perl / python script to parse profiler text output and wrap it in nicer graph or XML for Eclipse is enough :) )
And there 's xfProfiler for windows
http://wiki.team0xf.com/index.php?n=Tools.XfProf if you 're looking for some GUI .
Cachegrind is ultimate , though .
Just ranting , though .
Typing this post in the same old Emacs :) ( Reply ) ( Thread )
( Anonymous ) Subject : Re : Re1 : Update1 , Jun 17 2009 Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009 -06-30 01:08 am ( UTC ) > Yeah , but some new adopters wants to have the same level of comfort , as , say for example , in Java ...
And that is the whole point of it all .
Sure , d gives you a lot of possibilities " to reinvent the wheel " but the thing is that for most of the other popular languages you do n't have to .
And it is not a good thing to have to reinvent the wheel over and over again .
One of the goals of d is to have the power of c++ but be far more productive .
And it is far more productive .
But what is it good for if all of the productivity boost gets eaten up by wasting a lot of time fiddling around with the lack of a decent toolchain , a mature and good optimizing compiler , a working linker , good debugging and so on .
The other popular languages offer all of this .
And d has to compete with them to get popular and used ( even more for company use ) .
So everytime i see posts like these from fans of the language which offer a lot of hacks ( reinventions of the wheel ) as " solutions " for problems with the language and the toolchain it makes me a bit sad .
We all know that d is the greatest language on earth but it has a lot of problems still .
And this is not the end of the world .
Admitting this and working to make things better is the way to go .
Not denying problems and offering hacks as a solution for obvious flaws .
D has to come to the maturity of java or c# regarding compiler , toolchain , third library - support and so on .
Otherwise it will never succeed and we are doomed for system - level - stuff to program in c++ forever .
Now that is really the end of the world ...
( Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread )
( Anonymous ) Subject : Re2 : Update1 , Jun 17 2009 Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-06-28 12:58 pm ( UTC ) > I know , but I have read an half - serious proposal to create another compiler to compile the Linux kernel because GCC is n't too much fit for this purpose .
What makes GCC the best tool for OS kernel are configurable ld scripts , and things like elfweaver .
Linux kernel itself ( proper version ) could be compiled with tcc ( by Fabrice Bellard , author of QEMU ) -- on fly , while booting from bootmanager .
There are also icc ( Intel 's C++ ) patches for 2.6 kernel around -- to fix some gcc-ism in kernel source .
Pcc , lcc , tcc and plan9's 8 c are both somewhat faster to run than gcc :)
> So I guess D compilers too may be even less fit for that purpose .
Depends on interop you need with other parts of OS .
OS kernel itself could be done in Lisaac ( check out their Isaac os and Lisaac language benchmark ) , C++ ( check out BeOS / Haiku , L4 and so on ) , Haskell ( check out house os - it conforms to L4 specs i believe ) , Oberon ( Oberon OS ) , Lisp ( Movitz , etc ) , so on .
D is not much worse than C++ for that purpose : ) -- actually embedded C++ is subset like SafeD of whatever stable D1 / D2 .
Read Xomb microkernel sources , L4 based ( C++ ) microkernels , so on .
Hard things are drivers - which are actually kernel extensions , so they have to in the same language / api as kernel exports or to be modularized like microkernel / userspace drivers + message passing for api .
Or hypervisor - like approach which becomes popular in L4 with paravirtualized L4 : Linux drivers .
Or , miniVM exported to kernel - like Scheme VM in JariOS .
Everyone really interested in OSdev stuff definitely should read the tutorial http://wiki.osdev.org/D_Bare_Bones , which is plain port of C tutorial to gdc , and everything under http://wiki.osdev.org/Category:Bare_bones_tutorials, Esp. C++ barebones stuff and their relationship to D vs. C++ stuff .
Study toolchain issues ( like gcc crossdev ) , try to port it to another toolchain ( say , llvm - gcc / ldc , or dmc / dmd -- but latter would be harder ) .
Follow gcc / crosdev / newlib porting guidelines , and try to port druntime in the same way .
Maybe try to port DDL approach ( or LLVM's ) to load / unload modules according to http://wiki.osdev.org/Modular_Kernel.
GC support in kernel in D is really non-issue : 1 ) there are oxymoronic things like ' realtime gc ' out there 2 ) if you follow bare bones tutorial , you 'll have to implement manual memory mgmt anyway , by overloading new / delete -- pretty same way in D as C ++.
In C++ barebone , you have to avoid RTTI / exception / stack unwinding related stuff , so you write your kernel in safe C++ subset .
In D barebone , you also have to avoid GC to occur , by overloading your empty gc stub , and by ' safe D subset ' too .
So , main pains are ( really toolchain 's / libc / druntime issues ) :
1 ) linker scripts to be OS kernel 's image loaded by bootmanager -- say , grub -- but there are microkernel OS 'es with ELF image around and tools like elfweaver
2 ) implement kext load / unload like insmod / rmmod ( Modular kernel ) -- but , there are tools even for C to load / unload / compile - on - the - fly modules ( say , `C ) , not to mention tools like DDL and / or xfLinker or LLVM - JIT in D or even reinvent - your - wheels approach http://members.shaw.ca/burton-radons/The%20Joy%20and%20Gibbering%20Terror%20of%20Custom-Loading%20Executables.html(heck, that guy reimplementing dynamic library 's wheels by loading executable image by hand -- but you have all the flexibility and full control on plugins / load / unload , even things like loading COFF windows image under Linux ) ;
3 ) export libc api or whatever std runtime is , " porting newlib stuff to new kernel " translated to minimal D runtime -- but D already support C cdecl calling conventions , so no need for FFI , so C newlib porting applies here , just maybe need fancy C wrappers around D code in case you 'll need to export your D kernel stuff to C :)
4 ) implement drivers ( in C api or highlevel D ) .
Tough thing , but there are some DevIL - like approach ( http://hal.archives-ouvertes.fr/docs/00/07/24/90/PDF/RR-4136.pdf
http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.27.6268, " Improving Driver Robustness : an Evaluation of the Devil Approach " ) with rule - based bytecode executable specifications or IOKit ported to D ( which is DDK in C++ ) or L4 - like microkernel with paravirtualized os support ( likeL4: linux ) , and use that paravirtualized drivers .
( Reply ) ( Thread )
( Anonymous ) Subject : Re3 : Update1 , Jun 17 2009 Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-06-28 12:59 pm ( UTC ) >
On the other hand Microsoft is trying to use a modified C# to write a OS
Singularity OS with Sing# , which resembles me much a Inferno OS with Limbo language .
Limbo and Sing# uses same approach for channels to communicate with different OS parts , so one can implement something like protocol buffers api for microkernel message passing .
>A GC can't be avoided , but maybe it 's possible to keep it outside , dynamically linked .
std.gc.disable ( ) .
Or there 's GC stub which could be linked against binary ( like http://dsource.org/projects/tango/browser/trunk/lib/gc/stub/gc.d), and GC itself is called in few cases which could be avoided .
Knuth did all memory management via arrays in Tex in CWeb language -- certainly with no GC in Pascal - like CWeb , so GC could be avoided in similar usecase ( real men could write fortran program in any language ) :) .
> OMeta is the future :-)
> See also Pymeta , Meta for Python :
> http://washort.twistedmatrix.com/
These are links that want me some itches to scratch : implementing language in Python / LLVM http://llvm.org/pubs/2009-05-21-Thesis-Barrett-3c.html ( imagine PyMeta + this ) , or Deelight / PyD / CeleriD which are seems to be a nice way to integrate Python with D , or Boo language on .NET which has PEG library support , or C# OMeta implementations projects like OMeta# or IronMeta -- which are on .NET 3.5 , C# 3.0 with all that LINQ and lamdba syntax which has to be emulated good enough via D delegates or maybe D2 std.algorithm :)
And project like D.NET , which could be used to bootstrap yet to - be - done " DMeta " port from OMeta# or IronMeta via .NET framework ( Mono ? ) ( or is it just too raw yet ? ) .
And , there 's LLVM implementation of .NET -- VMKit LLVM project , and theoretically .NET app like OMeta# could be linked with LDC - compiled D app right now in VMKit .
Just a pity that I had more a daily job to do , not to hacking with D / OMeta alone itself :)
( Reply ) ( Thread )
( Anonymous ) Subject : Re4 : Update1 , Jun 17 2009 Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-06-28 01:02 pm ( UTC ) > or you can of course re-implement them outside the language , but then it 's better to remove the built - in unittest features .
Keeping both is not good .
C# actually requires no special syntax but has class annotations .
Which are so useful for reflection and introspection of metadata .
I do n't see why to have both syntaxes is a problem , though -- it 's a question like why GC is in std library while associative arrays implementation is built - in in language ( and what if you need another hash function for assoc arrays ) .
So , maybe better way is if built - in constructs could trigger std lib ones , which could be overridden just like with GC implementations .
> The DMD compiler already has built - in things that are beyond the purposes of a normal compiler
:-)
> Adding this automatic build feature is n't essential but it 's handy and positive .
Like in - memory linkage of multiple source , maybe in separate threads -- why is this in compiler ?
Well , it 's faster -- but it does n't has to be there , it could be in linker / build system , too .
OTOH , handling this C - to - H stuff in C toolchain was done in build system but not in compiler because of crappy C compiler itself , which has n't proper modules .
Plan9 's C compiler did n't have to specify - llibrary , it has specific # pragma lib to link with proper library in h - files .
So , it was a clunky modules support in C and toolchain stuff that has just to be done right in D .
> So it seems that to change the syntax adding an " in " inside the foreach you have to add some feedback between layers , and this is seen as bad for the compiler ( and probably Walter is right here ) .
Maybe LDC is suited better for this .
You do n't have to fiddle with other layers if all your syntax extension compiles to the same D .
BTW , this is interesting -- which way aspects could be implemented in D? Mixins / std.algorithm way ?
Some Boo examples with PEG ( or some OMeta implementation ) handle this nicely with annotations in .NET .
Annotation loads new syntax to compiler before source block in that syntax ;
It 's Boo or OMeta parser frontend that 's extenisble enough .
Dylan macros handle this in other , but extensible way too : http://mike-austin.com/blog/2005/10/dylan-macro-system-is-badass.html
What feedback do you need for ' item in container ' ?
When we already have foreach with same semantics , and just have to make ' in ' macro to already available stuff ?
Like to just translate ' foreach ( item in container ) {..} ' to ' foreach ( item ; container ) {..} ' via mixins , opApply and friends
Although , this is just a generic example .
So maybe semantic layer for new syntax will be needed ( it 's uncertain where to plug it in DMD , but much more modular in LDC ) .
( Reply ) ( Thread )
( Anonymous ) Subject : Re5 : Update1 , Jun 17 2009 , final Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-06-28 01:03 pm ( UTC ) >> new instaneous dee0xd <
> Never seen that before .
Forum , and some benchmarks : http://talks.dprogramming.ru/index.php?board=11.0
( this is in russian , so google translate it ) .
Homepage http://code.google.com/p/dee0xd/
In short , people have built gtkd , DWT , tango stuff with dsss ( which is more like maven than ant -- that is , more like CPAN to download than tool like make to build ) -- and have got time benchmarks like 0.5..10 x times to ' dsss build ' on Windows ( on Linux much more modest difference ) .
Tool itself is written in D , though has somewhat less features than dsss / maven or rebuild / scons / ant currently , but it does it 's job .
> Binary sizes produced by LDC are sometimes bigger but they are working on this , and most times the size is similar .
It 's just amazing that DMD is a one man show , and still has decent optimizer , while LDC 's optimizations are LDC itself + LLVM passes .
LDC just * have * to be faster with all those optimizations and manpower .
My point is that DMD itself is fast enough for daily usage -- though I did n't do any benchmarks yet .
> Java at the beginning was WAY worse , I know , I have stated this at the beginning of my blog post .
But it has bootstrapped , and now it has all those tools , bells and whistles around .
And it was somewhat better than C++ when it appeared ( I know COM , ATL , STL , Boost , ACE -- but it 's kind of spooky useless knowledge which most around there seems to run away from by any cost , even by Java ) .
And Lisp has n't much of these tools still , though it 's 50 years around .
Just Java perfomance is good enough for current hardware ( and newer JVMs too ) .
So , C ++ seems like a dead end , and C# / Java just copy features from each other .
Seems like some kind of " An Innovator Dilemma " to fail ones and sucsessfully bootstrap others .
> From my benchmarks I think the current D GC is n't fit for such kinds of code .
It would be nice to benchmark some other available GC implementations too .
> D is my second preferred language ( after Python )
What do you thing about Deelight , PyD , CeleriD -- and all that D / Python integration stuff ?
( Reply ) ( Thread )
( Anonymous ) Subject : Re : Re5 : Update1 , Jun 17 2009 , final Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-06-28 07:00 pm ( UTC ) >>
From my benchmarks I think the current D GC is n't fit for such kinds of code .
> It would be nice to benchmark some other available GC implementations too .
maybe even something more flexible GC like MPS :
http://www.ravenbrook.com/project/mps/doc/2002-01-30/ismm2002-paper/
( Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread )
( Anonymous ) Subject : Re : Re5 : Update1 , Jun 17 2009 , final Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-06-29 11:26 pm ( UTC ) >
It 's just amazing that DMD is a one man show , and still has decent optimizer , while LDC 's optimizations are LDC itself + LLVM passes .
LDC just * have * to be faster with all those optimizations and manpower .
My point is that DMD itself is fast enough for daily usage -- though I did n't do any benchmarks yet .
It depends on what you mean with daily usage .
If this means for you that it is enough when it has the same speed as mainstream languages like java or c# or anything like that then dmd generates executables which are fast enough .
But the whole point of d is being a kind of c++ replacement ( c++ done right ) .
A real system - programming - like language and not another vm language ( otherwise we could use scala ( which is really nice ) , boo , nemerle and so on ) .
Therefore one of the major goals of d has to be creating executables which have nearly the same speed as c++ ones .
The whole thing is that this should not be that hard , because dmd and gdc are basically c++ compilers just with another frontend ( the d one ) since Walther recycled his old Symantec C++ compiler for d .
But there is one problem .
The Symantec C++ compiler ( now digital mars c++ compiler ) is quite old and is a c++ compiler which was state of the art back at the end of the 1990's .
So it lacks a lot of optimizations which newer compiler , like gcc , icc , msvc and so on already have .
Take a look at http://www.agner.org/optimize/ at the c++ optimization manual .
There you can find a comparison of the optimization facilities of all modern c++ compilers ( including digital mars ) in chapter 7 .
And just to make it short , digital mars optimization facilities are really lacking .
Ager Fog comes to a conclusion on the digital mars compiler which reads :
" This is a cheap compiler for 32 - bit Windows , including an IDE .
Does not optimize well . "
And when you take a look at Leonardo 's simple pathtracing benchmark where he compared the speed of the c++ , gdc , ldc and dmd executables you will see that dmd is really appreciable slower .
And then just think about that gcc and gdc differ just in their frontends and look at the speed difference ( they could theoretically have the same speed , since it is the same codegenerator and backend optimizer , but sure you have keep in mind that d uses a not optimal garbage collection ( the Boehm - Demers - Weiser one ) ) .
Too make it short .
dmd really has some problems with optimizations but the really bad thing is that a lot of non optimal code seems to be generated in the frontend which has also impact on gdc and ldc which is really a problem ( garbage in garbage out syndrome ) .
I do n't wan't to bash on d ( because i love it ) but there has still a lot of work to be done so that it can keep it 's promises .
And i would really like to see that more work is put in D 1.0 and it's toolchain so that it really deserves this version number and one nearly bug - free good optimizing compiler with a good debugger , working linker , great standard library ( just one ) and a productive ide is more worth than two versions which both are beta quality .
( Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread )
leonardo
View : Recent Entries .
View : Archive .
View : Friends .
View : Profile .
View : Website ( My Website ) .
Mos Def returns with his sixth studio album , the solo effort titled The Ecstatic , will be released on June 9th and leaked today .
You want to know the irony ?
I ’m promoting this album , but because we posted a link to download the first single , they had “ Illestlyrics.com ” suspended .
In turn , we promote their material and make them money .
Blame it on Downtown Records his label , especially if the album does n’t put up the numbers that it should .
When it comes to lyricists in hip hop , nobody deserves a pay day like Mos Def though .
Cover
Tracklist
01 . Supermagic
02 . Twilite Speedball
03 . Auditiorium Ft. Slick Rick
04 .
Wahid
05 . Priority
06 . Quiet Dog Bite Hard
07 . Life In Marvelous Times
08 . The Embassy
09 . No Hay Nada Mas
10 . Pistola
11 . Pretty Danger
12 . Workers Comp .
13 . Revelations
14 . Roses Ft. Georgia Anne Muldrow
15 . History Ft. Talib Kweli
16 . Casa Bey
Singles
Casa Bey
Snippets
Download snippets
Leak Date
June 4th , 2009
Release Date
June 9th , 2009
Cop the album , support your favorite artists .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
At least 31 people have died in clashes in Peru between the security forces and indigenous people in the Amazon region .
Those killed included at least 22 tribesmen and nine policemen .
The violence took place as security forces tried to end a road blockade .
There have been fuel and transport blockades in Peru's Amazon region for almost two months .
Local people say new laws will make it easier for foreign companies to exploit their land for natural resources .
Most serious
The fighting took place at a jungle highway near the town of Bagua , more than 1,000 km ( 600 miles ) north of the capital , Lima .
They are the most serious to have broken out since indigenous groups began a protest campaign in April .
They are opposed to plans by the government of President Alan Garcia to open up communal jungle lands for oil exploration , logging , mining and large - scale farming .
Indigenous leaders say police using helicopters opened fire on demonstrators in the latest incident .
One indigenous leader , Alberto Pizango , told reporters that he held the government responsible for the killings , which he said had taken place during a peaceful demonstration .
The authorities say the police were fired on first , and Mr Garcia accused the Indians of " falling to a criminal level . "
Earlier this month , Peru 's military was authorised to give support to police in the escalating dispute .
President Garcia has said all Peruvians should benefit from the country 's natural resources not just the people who happened to live in the areas concerned .
Under Peru 's constitution the state owns the country 's mineral and hydrocarbon wealth .
This post is by Eric Shepherd , who leads Mozilla ’s documentation project at the Mozilla Developer Center .
In this day and age , it ’s important for web content to support rendering on an increasingly wide variety of devices .
Not only do users expect to use your content on their home computer , or read it printed on paper , but they want to use it on handheld devices , cell phones , and assorted other gadgets that have distinct capabilities , both in terms of performance and in terms of display fidelity .
CSS 2 introduced the notion of media types , which allow you to specify different style rules based on what type of device the content is being rendered onto .
For example , you can include a specific style sheet when your content is being rendered for printing like this :
This was a good first step ; however , this does n’t provide the ability to fine - tune the rendering of your content based on things such as device resolution , aspect ratio , or whether the content is being viewed in portrait or landscape orientation .
Firefox 3.5 supports media queries — a new feature of CSS 3 — which make it possible to define much more precisely what styles to apply under what circumstances .
This works by establishing queries that look at the values of various media features .
There are a large number of these , including color depth , rendering area width and height , pixel resolution , whether or not the display is color , and so forth .
You can find a complete list in the Mozilla Developer Center article on media queries .
Media queries are quite powerful , but very easy to use .
Take a look at the example web page I put together for this article .
The example page uses two style sheets , which are specified using the following rules :
This one uses the media query all and ( orientation : portrait ) to indicate that the portrait.css style sheet should be used if the content is being rendered in a display area ( such as the window in Firefox ) is taller than it is wide .
This one specifies that the landscape.css style sheet should be applied when the content is being rendered on a surface that is wider than it is tall .
What ’s very cool about media queries is that they are evaluated every time the display mode changes ; for example , if you open the example page and start resizing the window , you ’ll find that when the window is wider than it is tall ( i.e. , it ’s in landscape orientation ) , the toolbar is located on the left side of the page .
When you resize the window so that it is in portrait orientation , the toolbar moves to the top of the window .
This is done live while you ’re resizing the window .
If you look inside the landscape.css file , you ’ll find that there are some media queries used there , as well , that override the style of the < body > element based on the width of the window .
By default , the body text is 14 pixels tall .
@media all and ( min- width : 600 px ) { body { font - size : 16 px ; } }
However , this media query indicates that if the window is at least 600 pixels wide , the font size for the body text should be increased to 16 pixels .
@media all and ( min- width : 700 px ) { body { font - size : 20 px ; } }
Similarly , this media query makes the body ’s font size 20 pixels when the window reaches at least 700 pixels wide .
And another , similar media query makes the font even larger when the window is at least 800 pixels wide .
So as you resize the window , you ’ll see that not only does Firefox automatically switch between the portrait.css and landscape.css style sheets as the window ’s width changes , but while rendering using the landscape.css style sheet , the styles change based on exactly how wide the window is , too .
Another great use for this is to adjust the number of columns your content is displayed in based on the width of the display area .
Media queries are currently supported by Firefox 3.5 , Safari 3 , and Opera 7 and later , with successive versions often adding support for additional media features .
You can get details about which media features Firefox supports in the MDC article on media queries .
Opera 9.5 ’s media features support is outlined near the bottom of this article .
I was n’t able to find specifics on WebKit ’s media queries support .
Media queries offer a great way to improve how your content looks on a variety of devices ; using appropriate queries , you can render differently based on screen size , resolution , and more , thereby optimizing your content no matter how the user is accessing it .
It 's not often I 'll write a piece on the car industry as a whole , frankly I 've only been around for a few years and I 'd much prefer to sit back and learn a lot more before commentating .
However given the current situation , I felt the need to write something .
- shares
Those of us heavily involved in the car industry view the current situation in two ways , some see it as the beginning of the end of traditional manufacturers whilst others , like myself , see this transition period as the best thing that could happen to the industry .
In any normal manufacturing company , enormous time and energy goes in to research and development , the R&D team along with the marketing team are meant to work out what products , in this case cars , is the market demanding and then begin the long process of designing , manufacturing and then marketing .
For vehicles this is generally done several years in advance , new cars that you see being released today were designed several years ago and it takes a long period of time to go from a concept to a full production ready car .
So then , the likes of GM , Chrysler and Ford all had an excuse given the three - four year delays in concept to production .
They can say they did n't see the market trend coming quickly enough .
However , here is where it gets interesting because if any R&D department can honestly say they never thought fuel efficient , smaller cars would be popular , they all need to get fired , although it seems they pretty much all have .
Japanese manufacturers have been setting the trend for smaller cars for decades , so what took the Americans and more importantly what took us so long ?
What is Holden going to do given that GM has all but dumped the G8 in North America ?
Are the Australian sales helped slightly by the shrinking Middle East market enough to sustain the Commodore 's future ?
Apparently more than $ 1 billion was spent on the development of the VE Commodore , is there even another billion dollars to spend on the next Commodore ?
None of us want to see the Commodore , Falcon or Aurion disappear .
These are all Australian made cars and even though they may not live up to our full expectations , we still have that semi unconditional love for them , but just how much longer will that last ?
Eventually private fleet managers are going to start realising that the Mazda3 or Toyota Corolla will do just fine and more importantly taxis and government fleets are all slowly going to move away from the big family cars .
So , where now ?
Ford Australia will eventually build smaller cars here in Australia and that 's great news .
Holden will no doubt do the same in due course .
Toyota has somehow managed to convince the federal government to give it millions of dollars to build a local hybrid car it was already going to build anyway , but there is still that lingering question of if the big three can sustain their local production .
General Motors has all but sold Saab and Hummer , two non-performing brands .
Holden is lucky to be the backbone of many of GM 's operations so it 's safe for now , however times can change .
The purpose of writing this article is n't to speculate on the local car manufacturers ' future but it 's because I want to know what Australians want from their local car makers .
Why is that we 've all ran away and abandoned our own for foreign imports ( myself included ) ?
Are Australian cars that far below the standard that we can no longer even consider our own ?
I talk to so many new car buyers that would have bought a Commodore or Falcon 10 - 15 years ago but now do n't even consider it as an option .
Brand values have also changed , driving a new Mazda6 is now more prestigious than driving a new Holden Commodore .
This is a shift that has taken place over the past 10 years but if local manufacturers are to survive , it needs to shift back .
As Australians we are generally supporters of the underdog , did Holden and Ford get big enough for us to neglect them ?
What will it take for you to consider Australian built cars on par with Japanese and Europeans cars ?
Can you see yourself going back to an Aussie built car in the near future ?
Why or why not ?
DrJonez Veteran XV
6 - 05-14-2008 , 08:31
A flash version would be neat .
Can you save your game ?
Link please !
The elevator sound never bothered me , but the constant phone ringing from the offices combined with that woman that sounds like she 's saying " sex with the new boy " is really annoying .
A flash version would be neat .
Can you save your game ?
Link please !
The U.S. Army paid " tens of millions of dollars in bonuses " to KBR Inc , its biggest contractor in Iraq , even after it concluded the firm ’s electrical work had put U.S. soldiers at risk , according to a source close to a U.S. congressional investigation .
The Senate Democratic Policy Committee plans to hold a hearing on Wednesday to examine KBR ’s operations in Iraq , and question why the Army rewarded the Houston - based company .
The panel says KBR has been linked to at least two , and as many as five , electrocution deaths of U.S. soldiers and contractors in Iraq due to " shoddy work . "
Investigators believe hundreds of other soldiers may have received electrical shocks , the source added .
The Army is investigating .
The company denies responsibility for any of the electrocutions , saying it is proud of its work and that its employees make great sacrifices to get the job done .
KBR was part of Halliburton
Co until two years ago .
Former Vice President Dick Cheney served as Halliburton ’s chief executive from 1995 to 2000 , when he became George Bush ’s running mate .
During the Bush administration , some critics claimed Cheney ’s deferred compensation from the company represented a conflict of interest and questioned Halliburton ’s winning of lucrative government contracts in Iraq .
Military reports have criticized KBR ’s work in Iraq in recent years .
Yet afterward , the company received " tens of millions of dollars in bonuses , " said the source , who declined to be identified .
" We want to know why , " the source said .
The military was invited to send a witness to testify at Wednesday ’s hearing , but the committee agreed to let it submit a written statement instead , the source said .
Witnesses who are expected to attend include a former KBR electrician .
On Tuesday , the Army had no immediate comment when asked about the bonuses .
A September 30 , 2008 , letter to KBR from an officer in the Defense Department ’s Defense Contract Management Agency had harsh words for the company .
" We cannot overemphasize the significance of the lack of sustained electrical support services being provided by KBR in Iraq to maintain the minimum life , health and safety standards in support of our warfighters , " wrote Captain David Graff , an agency commander .
A February 2007 report by the agency also raised concerns about KBR and its subcontractors in Iraq — while acknowledging the difficulty of working in a war environment .
" Primary safety threat , theater wide , is fire due to the inferior 220 electrical fixtures found throughout Iraq , " it said .
" Improper installation , substandard equipment purchases ( such as light fixtures ) and heavy usage appears to be the three primary causes of these fires . "
U.S. lawmakers have raised concerns about the U.S. military ’s increased use of private contractors in Iraq and Afghanistan and have said KBR and other companies should be held accountable .
KBR spokeswoman Heather Browne said , " KBR remains proud of the work it performs in Iraq . "
" We remain committed to engaging in a transparent and more importantly , a fact - based dialogue on this issue while pledging continued full cooperation and support to the military . "
The Senate Democratic Policy Committee is the research arm of the Senate Democratic leadership and often conducts investigations of its own .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
I had a quick chat with Vic Gundotra prior to this morning ’s Google IO 2009 keynote and he said to me there is many - many surprise at this year ’s developer ’s convention .
It never occurred to me that one of those surprises included an Android - phone by HTC ( also known as the HTC Magic ) .
This version of the HTC Magic has T - Mobile ’s 3G band , unlocked capable of being a world phone !
Also included with this limited edition Google IO 2009 Android phone is a 30 - day T - Mobile SIM card with data and minutes for you to use – free of charge !
The Google IO Android phone is black with light blue accent on the edges and Google IO Developer Conference on the back .
You ’ll also be greeted with the same logo when turning the phone on .
Yes it ’s all true , all members of the press and conference attendees get one – no questions ask .
How awesome is that ?
We ’ve already reviewed the HTC Magic for Android Community here ; so make sure to check out the detailed review by Chris Davies .
Vic Gundotra introducing GD2 and the Google IO 2009 HTC Android - phone
[ vms 35da0b6f6ea37bcf8bcb ]
Unboxing Google IO 2009 HTC Android- phone
[ vms 7100777c7190b76d2823 ]
Condition Style Guide #
hacking , June 3rd 2009
I do n't claim this to be authoritative , but I 'd be very interested in hearing any opposing views .
So : a quick style guide for using the Common Lisp condition system — I 'm eliding restarts for now , though .
Signalling Conditions
Use #'ERROR to signal conditions inheriting from SERIOUS - CONDITION .
This includes all subclasses or ERROR .
SERIOUS - CONDITION is a convention that means " this will land you in the debugger if not handled " , which is what #'ERROR ensures .
Inherit from ERROR if unwinding from the error leaves the system in a consistent state .
Subclasses of ERROR mean " oops , we have a problem , but it 's OK to unwind . "
if unwinding from the error leaves the system in a consistent state .
Subclasses of mean " oops , we have a problem , but it 's OK to unwind . "
Inherit from SERIOUS - CONDITION , not ERROR , if the system is messed up somehow , and / or requires either human intervention or special knowledge about the situation to resolve : SERIOUS - CONDITIONs that are not ERRORs mean that " something is deeply wrong and you should know what you are doing if you are going to resolve this . "
Use #'WARN to signal conditions inheriting from WARNING .
This includes all subclasses of STYLE - WARNING .
WARNING is a convention that means " this will print out a warning if not muffled , and you can muffle this with the MUFFLE - WARNING restart " , which is what #'WARN ensures .
Inherit from STYLE - WARNING if muffling the warning should be fine pretty much whenever .
if muffling the warning should be fine pretty much whenever .
Inherit from WARNING , not STYLE - WARNING , if muffling the warning is OK only if the muffler knows how to deal with the specific warning : otherwise someone should be made aware of the situation , which is what warnings are for .
Otherwise use # 'SIGNAL , and do n't expect others to handle your conditions unless you document them as part of your API .
Handling Conditions
Learn the difference between HANDLER - BIND and HANDLER - CASE .
Short version : HANDLER - CASE always unwinds , with HANDLER - BIND you can eg. log the condition without handling it , or decide whether to unwind or not after inspecting the condition in more detail .
Do n't handle arbitrary conditions : a lower layer using #'SIGNAL as a communication mechanism will break if you do that .
Do n't muffle arbitary WARNINGs that are not STYLE - WARNINGS .
A full warning can still be muffled , but only if it 's one you know to be harmless in your case .
Otherwise , a full warning should either result in a fail - stop , or logging the condition somewhere — depending on the kind of application you are developing .
Do n't handle arbitary SERIOUS - CONDITIONs that are not ERRORs : if you cannot pop up a debugger and do n't know exactly how to deal with this specific condition , the right answer is to crash — of course preferably with an error message , but do n't expect that to work properly : maybe the serious condition was about corruption in the IO system ...
If you just want to ensure the application does n't enter the debugger , bind * DEBUGGER - HOOK * appropriately — but be aware that #'BREAK circumvents * DEBUGGER - HOOK * : if that 's a danger , refer to the documentation of the implementation you are using — most provide a way to hook into #'BREAK .
Happy hacking .
Вчера , ровно сутки тому назад , закончился ежегодный контест , приуроченный к ICFP ( международна я конференция по функциональному программированию ) .
В этом году участникам предлагалось взлететь в небо и окунуться в глубины космоса — управлять спутниками :)
В этом году была таблица с результатами , но за четыре часа до окончания контеста её заморозили и перестали обновлять — для сохранения некоей интриги .
Хотя , по общему мнению , лучше бы у топ10 вместо баллов писали вопросики , а саму то п10 перемешивали в случайном порядке .
Итак , коллекция отчётов ( всё на русском ) : Совсем заинтересованные личности могут почитать и отчёты на английском языке , ссылки на них собираются здес ь
P.S. Кидайте ещё ссылки , я буду добавлять .
The local telephone company in an 11,000 - person Minnesota town objected when the town decided to lay its own fiber optic network .
The telco filed a lawsuit , and then suddenly rolled out its own fiber network while the case was tied up in courts .
Today , a state appeals court ruled in the city 's favor ( PDF ) ;
Internet access was certainly a " utility , " the court said , and the city was well within its rights to finance the project as it did .
But is it too late to matter ?
Fiber + bonds = lawsuit
Not satisfied with current DSL and cable offerings , the town of Monticello hatched an ambitious plan to wire up the entire community with fiber , build an interconnect station , and allow ISPs to link up to the site and offer Internet access over the city - maintained fiber links .
After a vote on the measure passed in 2007 , Monticello quickly moved to raise money and break ground — but was promptly sued by the local telephone provider , Bridgewater , a unit of TDS Telecom .
TDS had one main complaint : the project should not be financed with city bonds .
Under Minnesota law , cities can only issue revenue bonds for certain specified reasons , including the building of " utilities . "
TDS charged that the project was not a utility and was instead an unfair use of government power to compete with private business .
Critics charged that TDS just wanted to delay the project long enough to kill it .
A district court eventually tossed the case in 2008 , but not before Monticello 's bond money was locked up in an escrow account and the bitter Minnesota winter descended .
Today , an appeals court ruled that the decision was proper and that public utilities certainly include Internet access .
From the ruling : " Bridgewater concedes that telephone services are utilities and that television services are gray area , but steadfastly denies that Internet services qualify as a utility .
Therefore , according to Bridgewater , the project in its entirety lacks statutory authority to be funded by revenue bonds because Monticello intends to provide Internet service ... [ but ] the definition of municipal public utilities appears broad enough to contemplate Internet service . "
The court shot down Bridgewater 's argument that Internet service could not yet be considered a utility because it does n't have the " near universal usage common to a utility . "
The court said that " this argument is flawed .
As noted by Monticello , 'it would be absurd to conclude that the Minnesota Legislature [ allows revenue bonds ] to be used only to fund the creation of systems that provide services that are already in universal or near - universal use ' ...
It is illogical to conclude that something is or is not a utility based on the number of people who have access to it . "
The lawsuit has never been about whether the city has the right to build and operate such a service ; it has only been about whether revenue bonds could be used to finance it .
So , while the money raised from the bonds sat idle in an escrow account , the city of Monticello has already built a headend for housing the main communications gear and constructed a short fiber loop that serves the downtown — all out of its normal operating budget .
Monticello's new headend
With the appeals court decision , the city can go forward with the rest of the project .
Or can it ?
TDS now has 30 days to appeal the case to the state Supreme Court ; if it does so , and the courts do not move to dispatch it quickly , the case might well drag on through another summer building season and into the fall .
Drew Petersen , who heads up corporate communications for TDS , was predictably disappointed with the ruling .
" The Appeals Court decision sends a chilling message to the private business community operating in the state of Minnesota .
The decision will likely discourage other private enterprises from doing or expanding their business in Minnesota .
Further , the decision endangers the appropriate relationship between municipalities and private enterprise ; it also allows municipalities ' tax - free financing to enter into competition with tax - paying businesses , " he said .
While the case was going on , TDS installed fiber of its own throughout Monticello , and Petersen says that today , " Every resident in the city can receive TDS '
Internet service , via fiber , at speeds of 25 M bps at value - based prices .
The neighboring townships also enjoy speeds above 10 Mbps . "
TDS did win the partial support of one appellate judge , who disagreed with the majority decision .
But the company can't take too much comfort from the dissent ; as Judge Natalie Hudson noted , " I concur with the majority opinion ‘s conclusion that the Fiber Project is a ' utility or other public convenience , ' " though she objected to the way some of the money was being used .
Winning battles , losing wars
According to Chris Mitchell of the Institute for Self - Reliance , several other Minnesota communities are considering similar fiber projects of their own but are waiting for a resolution to the Monticello legal battle before proceeding .
Mitchell admits to Ars that the TDS decision to build out fiber in Monticello does change the financial case for the entire project and that it 's much more difficult to justify a fiber overbuild with an incumbent in place .
That may be exactly what TDS had in mind .
As Petersen noted in his statement , " In view of TDS ' development of a robust broadband platform in Monticello during the past year , it is questionable whether or not the City 's feasibility study supporting its own fiber project , which was premised on no broadband competitors and on which the revenue bond purchasers relied when they secured the bonds more than a year ago , is still accurate , and whether the city fiber project is feasible today . "
For Monticello 's fiber backers , the whole situation may turn out to be a textbook definition of " Pyrrhic victory . "
CHACALTAYA , Bolivia -
If anyone needs a reminder of the
on - the - ground impacts of global climate change , come to the Andes
mountains in Bolivia .
At 17,388 feet above sea level , Chacaltaya , an
18,000 year - old glacier that delighted thousands of visitors for
decades , is gone , completely melted away as of some sad , undetermined
moment early this year .
'' Chacaltaya has disappeared .
It no longer exists , '' said Dr. Edson
Ramirez , head of an international team of scientists that has studied
the glacier since 1991 .
Chacaltaya
( the name in Aymara means '' cold road ' ' ) began melting in the
mid-1980s .
Ramirez , the assistant director of the Institute of
Hydraulics and Hydrology at the Universidad Mayor de San Andres in
nearby La Paz , documented its disappearance in March .
Approximately
35 miles from La Paz , it takes an hour and a half to drive the gravel
and rock road up tortuous switchbacks to the top of the mountain of the
same name .
Visitors on a clear day -- and there are many such days --
can see the Bolivian highland plain , or altiplano , thousands of feet
below , and the nearby Huayna Potosi and Illimani mountains , part of the
Cordillera Real de los Andes .
AN EARLY DEATH
Ten years ago
Ramirez and his team of researchers concluded that the glacier would
survive until 2015 .
But the rate of thaw increased threefold in the
last decade , according to their studies .
He believes the disappearance
of Chacaltaya is an indication of the potent effects at higher
elevations of the interaction of greenhouse gas accumulation and an
increase in average global temperatures .
And he thinks other
glaciers in the region also may be melting at a rate faster than
previously known .
Illimani , the colossal 21,200 - foot mountain that
looms over the city of La Paz and has served as the backdrop for
postcard - perfect pictures since film was invented , is the home to
several glaciers .
They likely will melt completely within 30 years , he
said .
'' It 's very probable that other glaciers are disappearing
faster than we thought , '' he said .
Researchers fear that Chacaltaya's
fate will be shared by other glaciers in other areas of Bolivia , and in
Peru and Ecuador as well , he said .
In May , the members of
Ramirez 's research team will gather here to honor the fallen glacier
and to commemorate the end of 18 years of work .
Chacaltaya became
well - known long before it started melting .
For decades it was declared ,
and aggressively marketed , as ``the highest ski run in the world . ''
Despite
the melting of the glacier , today a handful of hard - core alpinistas and
the occasional adventure tourist still schlep their skis and poles over
the summit a few hundred yards from where the glacier used to be .
On a
lucky day , when a little snow has fallen just below the stony ridge ,
they can ski for about 600 feet .
Then they walk back .
THE SKI LODGE
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
'' Very
few come to ski now , '' laments Alfredo Martinez , 73 , who is one of the
founders of the Club Andino de Bolivia , based in La Paz .
A lifelong
mountaineer , Martinez and a small cadre of mostly young followers keep
the ski lodge open , serving tea and soup and burning old wooden boards
from a nearby building in the fireplace for warmth .
They charge
visitors 15 bolivianos , the equivalent of $ 2.10 , for a clean - up and
maintenance fund .
In the good old days , when every tour agency
and guide book heralded Chacaltaya 's unique altitudinal fame , the Club
Andino organized ski competitions and stored the equipment of dozens of
its members in the lodge .
A large stone - and - wood building housed a
winch - and - cable tow operation that dragged skiers to the top of the
glacier .
The descent was often heart - stopping , and if the skiers did n't
stop in time they could end up on the rocks below the snow - topped
glacier .
WATER SUPPLY
But it 's not the end of alpine skiing
at Chacaltaya that worries researcher Ramirez , but the death of the
glacier and what that means for the people of the Andean cordillera .
On
the western , mostly arid side of the Andes , millions of people depend
on rain , snow run-off and melting glaciers like Chacaltaya , Illimani
and Huayna Potosifor their water .
There 's another problem , too .
Not only are the glaciers melting , but less rain seems to be falling in
the Andes , according to recent studies .
The big rain - carrying monsoons
drifting west from the Amazon basin have declined in size and
intensity , another indication of major climactic changes , Ramirez said .
This
year , for the first time , the amount of water flowing out of reservoirs
serving nearly 2.5 million people in La Paz and its adjacent city , El
Alto , will exceed the amount of water flowing into them .
This
eventually will become a major political issue for leaders in La Paz
and El Alto , he said .
To Juan Velazquez , who grew up just over
the mountain from Chacaltaya in the now - abandoned mining town Mulluni ,
and later moved with his family to La Paz , the defunct glacier means
less income .
As a taxi driver , he can earn the equivalent of 50 U.S .
dollars driving tourists from La Paz to the glacier and back .
That 's
the equivalent of a month 's wages for some in this impoverished land .
BEYOND INCOME
But the loss of the glacier is the saddest part for him , not the lost wages .
As
a child , he and his playmates would use paint to darken under their
eyes , just like they saw in American movies , then journey up to
Chacaltaya to play in fresh snow atop the glacier .
'' It 's a tragedy , '' he said .
`` It 's as if someone had died . ''
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Woodworking is a hobby that the whole family can enjoy .
It doesnt matter whether youre a man or woman , or a young boy or girl .
It doesnt matter whether youre nine years old or ninety years young .
It doesnt matter whether you have never used a tool before in your life or an old pro , there are projects that fit your skill level and getting started in the hobby can be relatively inexpensive as well as easy .
One of the biggest joys of woodworking is the satisfaction gets from taking unfinished lumber and turning it into a beautiful table , bookcase , chest or whatever .
It really doesnt matter what you build , its the satisfaction of being able to display and tell others that I built it myself or being able to tell others that we built ourselves is what really matters .
Its the pride that comes from having others admire your craftsmanship and of having friends ; neighbors and relatives ask you if you would build one for them too .
Another benefit of woodworking as a family hobby is that you can furnish your home and yard with beautiful thing for a fraction of what it would cost you to buy them .
In this article Im going to concentrate on helping you set up your first woodworking shop .
Shop space is something that you will never be able to have too much of but you can do wonderful things with a shop as small as a 12 X 14 foot shed or part of your garage .
Basements are fine too but they do limit you to the size of the projects that you can build because you have to be able to get the finished project up the basement stairs which are quite often very narrow affairs .
The center piece of every woodworking shop is the woodworkers workbench .
The woodworkers workbench has some special features that a general do - it - yourselfer workbench doesnt have , things like bench dog holes , woodworkers vises , etc .
There are two approaches to getting a good workers workbench , you can buy one or you can build your own .
There are many good reasons to build your own besides saving you a ton of money .
Building your own bench will give you practice using your new table saw , another essential item for every woodworkers workshop and building a workbench is a great first project for you to tackle either as an individual project or as a family project .
I could give you step by step instructions for designing and building your own bench but that would be like reinventing the wheel again because there are many fine plans available and many of them are free if you know where to look on the internet .
Im including plans for one as a pdf file that you can download and use .
This one is from one of my favorite woodworking magazines , Woodsmith .
This is an excellent woodworking bench for the small shop .
Its not only exceptionally sturdy for its simple construction ; its very easy to build with a few power tools .
I helped my thirteen year old grandson build one of these benches as his first woodworking project last spring when he wanted to set up a shop in the corner of his parents basement .
The constraints I placed on basement shops didnt apply to his shop because there was a ground level outside entranceway .
The only modifications that I made to these plans were to add a second woodworking vice to the opposite end of the worktop .
There will be times when you will want to support long , narrow work pieces for sanding , planning , or some other procedure and a second vice will help hold in a level , secure position .
This bench is a bench that you build in one weekend with an investment of about $ 100 in materials .
Tools that you will need for this project
10 Table saw
10 compound miter saw
7 Skill saw
Portable router
Basic set of router bits
3/8 drill / driver
Twist drill bit set
16oz Claw hammer
3/8 drive socket set
Combination wrench set
Speed square
Tape measure
Combination square
4 foot level
6 36 pipe clamps
For the small shop I firmly recommend going with a line of bench top power tools with the exception of the table saw .
The table saw should be a standalone power tool .
The Craftsman 10 table saw model 21805 at $ 199.00 is a good saw to start with .
The Craftsman 10 15 Amp compound miter saw with Laser Trac at $ 119.00 , the Craftsman 7 circular saw with Laser Trac and LED work light at $ 89.00 , the Craftsman 2 hp fixed and plunge base router with electronic feedback at $ 120.00 , and the Craftsman C3 19.2 Volt Drill / Driver at $ 119.00 are also all recommended as good tool for the general woodworker .
When we get to choose your bench top tools we will be looking at the new line of bench top tools by Skill which are carried by Sears .
Craftsman tool are great tools and are available on line at http://www.sears.com/shc/s/v_10153_12605_Tools?sbf=Brand&sbv=Craftsman or you can buy them at your local Sears retail store .
The great thing about shopping at the Craftsman online site is that they offer free shipping on any orders over $ 99.00 .
Sears Craftsman tools is also the recommended source for power tool accessories and hand tools too but there are something better purchased from specialty hoses like Rockler woodworking - things woodworker vices , clamps , etc .
All the other materials needed for this project should be available at your local home centers like Home Depot or Lowes .
Before I leave you today I want to start to inculcate you with the basic safety rules that anyone using power tools should obey at all times .
Basic safety rules to follow when using power tools
Since you will be starting with a table saw and miter saw the rules
Im about to give you today are especially needed for working safely with saws and routers of all types .
Always wear safety goggles
Never wear loose fitting garments .
Never , never wear a tie because they can get tangled up in a lathe , drill press , saw , or some other rotating tool and pull you in
Never allow pets or little children into the shop area
Avoid distractions like playing loud music or having a TV on
Never disable a safety device like the blade guard on a table saw .
Many times you will see an expert using a tool with the guards removed in magazines but that was the purpose of giving you a better shot of what was being done , it doesnt mean that you should take the safety guards off on your saw , router , etc
Never stand directly behind the blade of a table saw because , even with anti-kickback devices in place , kickbacks do happen and can cause you serious injury .
Always use a push block when feeding narrow work pieces into the saw blade
Never reach over a saw blade to remove the cutoff piece
Always disconnect any power tool before changing a saw blade or cutter bit
Always work in a well lit area
Never work with power tools when you are tired
Never work with power tools if you are taking medication that causes sleepiness or disorientation
Never use power tools after youve had any alcoholic beverages
Conclusion
Well , maybe getting started isnt so inexpensive .
The tools and materials that you will need to begin setting up your woodworking shop will run you between $ 800 and $ 1000s but these tools are good tools and with the proper care they will last you a life time .
Once you become a tool guru you can find great bargains in used tools but you really need to know what to look for when buying used tools before buying one .
When buying used power tools just like when buying a used car , you really need to know how to evaluate them or its very easy to get stuck with a lemon .
Next up we will talk a little about bench top tools and we will build a storage cabinet for them as well as a single base that can be used with all of them .
Just because they are called bench top tools doesnt mean that you have to use them on your woodworking bench .
Until next time decide where youre going to set up shop , order your tools and materials , and build that bench .
When you gaze upon that completed project you will have the confidence to tackle even more complicated projects .
The idea here is to build up your skill sets and your tool kit with each new project .
Pope Benedict XVI has signed with a major record label to cut an album of songs and prayers to the Virgin Mary .
Geffen Records , whose artists include Ashlee Simpson and Snoop Dogg , will release " Alma Mater , " featuring the pope 's chants and prayers along with eight original classical compositions , on Nov. 30 .
Benedict 's voice , in Latin , Italian , Portuguese , French and German , was recorded in St. Peter 's Basilica at the Vatican and during papal trips abroad .
The pope will be accompanied by a choir recorded in Rome .
The album will also feature classical music by an international group of composers of various faiths , to be performed by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra at London 's Abbey Road studios , most famous for its association with the Beatles .
" The Pope has got almost a lullaby tone to the way he sings , " Geffen 's president Colin Barlow told Britain 's Telegraph newspaper , adding that the album will make a " great Christmas present . "
" There 's quite a huge Catholic fan base out there , " Barlow noted .
A portion of the profits from sales will support music education for underprivileged children around the world .
In his recording venture , Benedict follows the lead of his predecessor Pope John Paul II , who released several albums during his 26 - year pontificate , including one of him praying the Rosary .
According to the BBC , that album rose to number 50 on the sales charts .
At 44 , Peter Lawrence walked away last year from a well - paying job as a manager at Hewlett - Packard .
These days he does not work .
He does n’t have to .
Peter has retired .
His mornings are unhurried .
He sits in front of a picture window at his sixth - floor Santa Clara condominium to a view of nearby redwoods and beyond the trees , the Mount Hamilton Lick Observatory , a gleaming white speck on distant mountains .
Envious yet ?
Retirement is within anyone ’s reach , he said , if we all consume less .
He lives without furniture or a bed , keeps one pot , one pan in the kitchen , and instead of surfing a television with 200 cable channels , watches the changing colors of the sky from his window .
A single , foldable lawn chair with armrests sits in front of the floor - to - ceiling window .
In the bedroom , a maroon sleeping bag is laid out neatly like a pallet on the beige carpeted floor .
An ironing board nearby doubles as his desk .
His laptop sits on it .
He drives an inexpensive 2009 Hyundai Accent GLS .
He often eats in and cooks spartan meals , usually steamed vegetables , chicken boiled in water .
This is the life he describes in “ The Happy Minimalist , ” a slim volume he self - published .
The book ’s simple premise — pare down , save money , save the planet — may find resonance during these tough economic times .
Is this about being frugal ?
“ No , not that , ” said Lawrence , whose thick , wire - rim glasses and a lean frame suggests the studious air of a schoolboy .
Or monk .
This is not the life of a cheapskate or of deprivation , he said , but of calibrated life choices that “ get the best bang for the buck . ”
He likened it to the corporate cleanup HP CEO Mark Hurd embarked upon after taking the job .
“ He identified all the excesses , the wastage , ” Lawrence said , “ and redirected them to other things that would have better returns .
That ’s what I ’ve done . ”
And so he watches his two favorite shows — “ 24 ” and “ Real Time with Bill Maher , ” online , for free .
He has no telephone at home .
He uses a cell phone .
When he needs a book to read , he checks one out of the public library .
He walks when he can , or takes public transportation .
“ This is my closet , ” he said , sliding open the doors to reveal its meager contents : A pair of jeans .
A pair of dress pants .
A pair of dress shoes .
A pair of sports shoes .
A few shirts .
If he had an hour , he said , he could pack all his possessions in one suitcase .
Lawrence would not say how much he has banked to allow him to retire so young , but he said he lives well below his means .
The way Lawrence sees it , he ’s consuming less of the world ’s finite resources by using only what he really needs .
What he does n’t spend , he saves .
But , he insists , that he ’s not depriving himself .
At a new Morrocan restaurant in San Jose recently , after a lunch of grilled lamb kofta , the waiter offered a cup of sweet mint tea .
“ Traditional , ” the waiter said , “ on the house . ”
Lawrence , smiling , declined .
“ I ’ve tasted it , thank you . ”
After the waiter left , he declared something right out of his book : “ Just because it ’s free does n’t mean you should have it . ”
Lawrence was born and raised in Singapore to a family of modest means .
Early in his career with HP , he took a leave and lived in a Catholic monastery in New Zealand .
He immigrated to the United States in 1997 , part of an international wave of engineers who came to Silicon Valley during the technology boom .
And like many young , high - flying techies then , he lived in a well - furnished condo .
He drove a Miata , a convertible sports car .
Jean -Sebastien Riehl , a former HP engineer , has seen his friend evolve into a young retiree seemingly content to have few material possessions .
“ Peter is not somebody you forget , ” said Riehl , who bought and read “ Minimalist . ”
“ Some people might call him eccentric , but he ’s true to his convictions .
“ When you read the book and you meet the person , ” he said , “ they match . ”
After the merger of HP and Compaq , Lawrence moved for about two years to Houston in 2002 .
That was about the time that he began scaling back .
He digitized everything .
His laptop , he said , is his photo album , electronic filing cabinet , CD and DVD player .
When he moved back to Santa Clara , he packed everything he had in his car .
In 2007 , after his doctor diagnosed high cholesterol , Lawrence eschewed prescribed medication .
He changed his diet .
His cholesterol level dropped .
At first Lawrence thought he would write about his own medical journey .
But a friend suggested instead that he write about “ his unique lifestyle . ”
Lawrence spent $ 1,500 to self - publish the small volume through Xlibris .
Many of his friends bought and read the book .
Some posted supportive comments on Amazon .
“ I definitely cannot live the way he does , ” said Lawrence ’s sister , Carmel Fox , a registered nurse in Columbus , Ohio .
“ I like sitting and reading a book in my living room .
He likes to sit outside and look at trees . ”
Since retiring , Lawrence has volunteered with a Bay Area group as a mentor and role model to students .
He ’s also volunteered with Village Harvest , a San Jose group that collects backyard fruit and vegetables and donates them to food banks and programs that feed the hungry .
“ Right now , I ’m very happy and content with life , ” he said .
“ I consider myself blessed . ”
Contact Jessie Mangaliman at jmangaliman@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5794 .
ジェットオプション （J.E.T OPTION）とは？
ジェットオプション （J.E.T OPTION）は、BILLION ROAD LTD.が運営している海外バイナリーオプション業者です。
ジェットオプション （J.E.T OPTION ）公式サイトはこちら
ジェットオプション （J.E.T OPTION）の良い評判
良い評判その１．スプレッドのペイアウト倍率が高い
ジェットオプション （J.E.T OPTION ）では
ハイアンドロー （HIGH&LOW ） 短期取引 （SHORT ） スプレッド取引 （SPREAD ）
の3つの取引方法を用意しています。
ペイアウト倍率 は
ハイアンドロー （HIGH&LOW ）
1.70 倍 ～1.73 倍
短期取引 （SHORT ）
1.79 倍～1.83 倍
スプレッド取引 （SPREAD ）
2.50 倍
スプレッド取引のペイアウト倍率は、他の海外バイナリーオプション業者と比較しても、高い倍率が設定されています。
良い評判その２．100％ボーナスを展開
入金額 ボーナス率 口座残高 10,000 円 30 % 13,000 円 20,000 円 50 % 30,000 円 30,000 円 80 % 54,000 円 50,000 円 90 % 95,000 円 100,000 円 100 % 200,000 円
ボーナスの出金条件 ＝ ボーナス ×20倍の取引
決して、ハードルの低い出金条件ではありませんが、海外バイナリーオプション業者では、40倍、50倍という設定の出金条件の業者もあるため、20倍はハードルが低い方と考えて良いでしょう。
ボーナスの手厚い海外バイナリーオプション業者と言えます。
良い評判その３．取引金額が100円から
ジェットオプション （J.E.T OPTION ）では
最小購入単位はいくらですか？
最小購入金額は1ドルまたは100円です。
と、最小購入単位が100円からトレードができます。
最小購入額が100円というのは、海外バイナリーオプション業者の中では、かなり低い設定ですので、お小遣いレベルでも楽しむことができる海外バイナリーオプション業者です。
ジェットオプション （J.E.T OPTION ）公式サイトはこちら
ジェットオプション （J.E.T OPTION）の悪い評判
悪い評判その１．スプレッド取引のスプレッドが広い
ジェットオプション （J.E.T OPTION ）のスプレッド取引は
ペイアウト倍率 ：2.5倍
とかなりペイアウト倍率が高く設定されています。
その反面、スプレッドの幅が、他の海外バイナリーオプション業者よりも広いのです。
30 秒 → 0.9pips
60 秒 → 1.0pips
120秒 → 1.1pips
当然、スプレッドが広い分、勝ちにくくなるため、ペイアウト倍率が高く設定できるのです。
悪い評判その２．出金手数料が高い
ジェットオプション （J.E.T OPTION ）の出金方法は
海外送金による出 金
となっています 。
ジェットオプション （J.E.T OPTION ）の手数料は、無料なのですが
中継銀行
受取銀行
側で手数料が発生してしまいます。
相場では 、1回3,000円 ～5,000円と割高な手数料が発生してしまうのです。
国内銀行送金での出金ができる、本当に出金コストがかからないハイローオーストラリアと比較すると、高めに設定されてしまうのです。
ハイローオーストラリア公式サイトはこちら
ジェットオプション （J.E.T OPTION ）公式サイトはこちら
他の海外バイナリーオプション業者はこちら
FRONTLINE / World is no longer being updated .
Please join us on the FRONTLINE site for new content »
Business model GNU GLOBAL is a BOKINware defined in the following documentation .
Our business is based on this business model .
Since this model is written as a general public business model after the manner of the GNU GPL , everyone can start a business based on it .
The BOKIN Model Definition Version 1.0 , December 17 , 2005
Copyright ( c ) 2005 Tama Communications Corporation
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this document , but changing it is not allowed .
Introduction BOKIN
Model is a business model to obtain proceeds by widely collecting donations while developing and distributing free software .
This model is constructed not to take away consumer 's freedom of software .
The business which comply with the following criteria can be called a business based on BOKIN Model .
Criteria CORPORATION
The person who start a business based on BOKIN Model must be a business corporation registered in the home country .
( Herein after called the corporation ) FREE SOFTWARE
The corporation develops free software .
( Herein after called the BOKINware ) LICENSE
The corporation distributes the BOKINware under GNU GPL ( GNU General Public License ) and GNU FDL ( GNU Free Documentation License ) .
Exceptionally , external packages which the BOKINware uses , small supporting files , short manuals and rough documentation can use simple all - permissive license , compatible with GNU GPL .
COPYRIGHT MANAGEMENT
The corporation manages copyright on the BOKINware for consumers to keep on using it at ease .
Every file in the BOKINware should have a legally valid copyright notice and a license notice .
To include program which is assigned from another developer , the corporation receives a disclaimer paper or assignment paper signed by the author .
To include program which is not assigned , the corporation confirms its license is GNU GPL or compatible with GNU GPL , lists the files and authors in a file named AUTHORS , and lists the license in a file named LICENSE .
The BOKINware should contain these two files .
MAILING LIST
The corporation maintains mailing lists for consumers to cooperate one another .
The list members , including the corporation , do n't owe any duty .
The mailing lists should include the following two at least .
Bug mailing list
This list distributes , to the active maintainers of the BOKINware , bug reports and fixes for , and suggestions for improvements in the BOKINware .
This list is also for user discussion .
This list distributes , to the active maintainers of the BOKINware , bug reports and fixes for , and suggestions for improvements in the BOKINware .
This list is also for user discussion .
Help mailing list
This list is the place for authors , users and installers of the BOKINware to ask for help .
The mailing lists can be replaced with a similar communication tool .
The corporation can decide the operation policy of the list , but must not obstruct the list members to cooperate one another .
COLLECTING DONATIONS
The corporation collects donations widely as its proceeds .
The corporation must not offer the donor an individual supply of profit .
DONOR LIST
The corporation open the donor list to the public .
The donor list includes the following information .
Date of donation ( The date when the corporation received the donation )
Amount of donation ( Amount which the corporation received )
Donor 's name
Donor 's nationality
When donor 's name and nationality are unknown or the donor prefers to remain anonymous , they are treated as anonymous .
The BOKINware should contain the donor list as a file named DONORS .
It is preferable that the list is open to the public even on the Internet .
BOKIN MODEL DEFINITION
The BOKINware should contain the present definition as a file named BOKIN_MODEL .
Renewal
The author may publish revised and / or new versions of the BOKIN Model Definition from time to time .
Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version , but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns .
End of The BOKIN Model Definition Frequently Asked Questions Version 1.0 , December 17 , 2005
Copyright ( c ) 2005 Tama Communications Corporation
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this document , but changing it is not allowed .
BOKIN Model Frequently Asked Questions
What does BOKIN mean ?
BOKIN means collecting donations in Japanese .
( BO=collect , KIN=money )
What is the purpose to require the person who start a BOKIN model business being a registered corporation ?
The purpose is to prevent people from donating to the person who does not exist actually .
Is annoying copyright management necessary ?
Yes , it is .
Copyright management is absolutely necessary for consumers to keep on using the BOKINware at ease .
It is dangerous to use the software whose copyright is not neatly managed .
If you use such software , you might suddenly be prohibited to use it , or be claimed a license fee of high priced .
These are not imaginary fears but troubles of reality .
Why is program license limited to GNU GPL ?
Because GNU GPL defends consumers in two points .
Copyleft License
Since GNU GPL is copyleft license , it makes a program free , and requiring all modified and extended versions of the program to be free as well .
As a result , consumer can keep on using the BOKINware at ease in the future .
Since GNU GPL is copyleft license , it makes a program free , and requiring all modified and extended versions of the program to be free as well .
As a result , consumer can keep on using the BOKINware at ease in the future .
Widely Known
Since GNU GPL is widely known , and is explained frequently , it does not become the load to consumer .
It is troublesome for consumer to understand new licenses .
What is the purpose of the donor list ?
There are two purposes .
To defend freedom of donation .
The consumer can decide whether to donate after understanding the situation of the donation .
If nothing being informed , freedom does not exist there .
In BOKIN model , consumers are not isolated existence .
The consumer can decide whether to donate after understanding the situation of the donation .
If nothing being informed , freedom does not exist there .
In BOKIN model , consumers are not isolated existence .
To praise donation .
To praise donation brings new donors .
Since BOKIN model owes all to people 's free wills , we cannot praise the donation too much .
Is donation spent on the BOKINware ?
It depends on the management of the corporation .
Since donations become the proceeds of the corporation , the corporation itself decides the usage under its freedom .
Is the donor list kept true ?
It is very difficult to mix lies in the public information , because it is checked by various methods .
Donors can confirm whether they are listed .
People can ask whether to have donated to the donors in the list .
The tax office can examine the contradiction between the content of the list and the content of the declaration of the corporation 's taxation business .
Why is the corporation prohibited from doing an individual supply of profit for the donors ?
When individual supply of profit becomes ordinary , donation fall into the payment for the profit .
We can not call it donation .
BOKIN Model business should be supported only by people 's free will .
End of Frequently Asked Questions
Cutler Cleveland of Boston University has reported that the EROI of oil and gas extraction in the U.S. has decreased from 100:1 in the 1930 ’s to 30:1 in the 1970 ’s to roughly 11:1 as of 2000 ( Figure 1 ) .
But beyond the fact that society receives currently around 11 barrels of oil for every 1 barrel that it spends getting that oil , What does this mean ?
Well , first , it means that , if the trend of declining EROI continues , society will be spending an increasingly larger chunk of their remaining energy to get more energy .
This cycle is positively reinforcing :
Declining EROI means that the net energy contained in each unit of energy delivered to society is decreasing over time , requiring the extraction of increasingly greater quantities just to meet societal demand →
decreases the quantity of energy remaining in the ground for future society →
makes it more difficult to find and develop the remaining bit of energy .
With every barrel we pull out of the ground we propel ourselves further down this path , creating a more difficult situation for future generations .
( note : I assume that the “ Best First Principle ” applies to this scenario , i.e. society is using the best resources ( i.e. oil fields ) first , then the second best , etc … )
More importantly , declining EROI also means that the amount of discretionary energy available to society is FAR less than that predicted by a Hubbert curve ( Figure 2 ) .
The Hubbert curve represents the total gross quantity of energy available , and , as it is calculated , there are equal quantities of energy available on the left and right side of the peak .
This , however , is only true in a gross sense .
The net energy available ( i.e. discretionary energy ) is less .
In other words , declining EROI means that there will be much less net energy extracted post - peak than pre-peak on the Hubbert curve .
Figure 2 . Hubbert curve as published in 1971 .
See here for a more detailed discussion of M. King Hubbert and this graph .
To understand this in greater depth , I quantified this relationship by first creating a replicate of the Hubbert curve published in 1971 ( Figure 2 ) .
I then applied the three point values of EROI over the past century ( i.e. 1930 = 100:1 , 1970 = 30:1 , and 2000 = 11:1 ) , and interpolated linearly the values between the points and into the future to a minimum EROI of 1.1:1 .
I have no a priori reason to believe that EROI has declined linearly or that it will decline to 1.1 and then level off , but it has certainly declined in the past and as long as it is declining the general results reported here are valid .
I then used the following equation to calculate the percent of net energy available from the gross energy produced :
Net Energy = Gross Energy * ( ( EROI – 1 ) / EROI )
Figure 3 shows the results of this analysis .
Unlike the original Hubbert curve that shows equal quantities of gross energy resources on the left and right side , the Net Hubbert Curve is skewed so that most resources are on the left .
For example , according to the original Hubbert curve , 50 % of the energy resource is remaining when production levels reach the peak , but this is quite different for the Net Hubbert curve .
Due to declining EROI , by the time peak production is reached , 73 % of the net energy available is already used .
Figure 3 . Gross and Net Hubbert curves , adapted from Figure 2 .
The implications of these results are vast , but in general , declining EROI is going to make it very difficult to meet the net energy needs of future society .
Although this study may not be very precise , it does imply that if we have reached Peak Oil ( and I think we have ) , that society has already spent quite a bit more than half of the net ( or discretionary ) oil energy that will ever be available .
Incentive accounts : A solution to executive compensation
Alex Edmans , Xavier Gabaix
Many blame executive compensation for encouraging shortsighted risk - taking .
This column argues that compensation should be structured so as to provide incentives consistent with the firm ’s position and long - term interest .
It proposes “ incentive accounts ” that it says would be superior to existing compensation schemes .
In an influential book , Bebchuk and Fried ( 2004 ) argued that executive compensation is set by managers themselves to maximise their own pay , rather than by boards on behalf of shareholders .
Indeed , many commentators argue that executives ’ pay schemes were major contributors to the financial crisis , encouraging them to take on too much risk and manage their company for short - term profit .
In response , President Obama has proposed new executive compensation rules for firms seeking government aid .
However , several critics have argued that the recent changes are politically motivated and focus on the level of pay , rather than the incentive structures ( e.g. the relative amount of cash versus shares ) , which have the greatest economic impact .
Here we propose a systematic solution to address the economic issues that are at heart of the current crisis to prevent future value destruction .
Moreover , it can be applied to all firms , not just those receiving bailouts .
It thus may be relevant for President Obama ’s ongoing discussions on broader changes in compensation across the economy .
Two principles
Existing schemes have two main problems .
First , stock and options typically have short vesting periods , allowing executives to “ cash out ” early .
For example , Angelo Mozilo , the former CEO of Countrywide Financial , made $ 129 million from stock sales in the twelve months prior to the start of the subprime crisis .
This encourages managers to pump up the short - term stock price at the expense of long - run value – for instance by originating risky loans , scrapping investment projects , or manipulating earnings – because they can liquidate their holdings before the long - run damage appears .
Long - term incentives must be provided for the manager to maximise long - term value , which we call the “ long - horizon principle . ”
Second , current schemes fail to keep pace with a firm ’s changing conditions .
If a company ’s stock price plummets , stock options are close to worthless and have little incentive effect – precisely at the time when managerial effort is particularly critical .
This problem may still exist even if the executive has only shares and no options .
Consider a CEO who is paid $ 4 million in cash and $ 6 million in stock .
If the share price halves , his stock is now worth $ 3 million .
Exerting effort to improve firm value by 1 % now increases his pay by only $ 30,000 rather than $ 60,000 and may provide insufficient motivation .
To maintain incentives , the CEO must be forced to hold more shares after firm value declines .
Our research has shown that , to motivate a manager , a given percentage increase in firm value ( say 10 % ) must generate a sufficiently high percentage increase in pay ( say 6 % ) .
In the above example , this is achieved by ensuring that , at all times , 60 % of the manager ’s pay is stock .
We call this the “ constant percentage principle . ”
The appropriate proportion will vary across firms depending on their industry and life cycle , but we estimate 60 % as a ballpark number for the average firm .
Incentive accounts
These two principles can be achieved by giving the executive a scheme we call an “ Incentive Account , ” which is based on our own prior research ( Edmans , Gabaix and Landier , forthcoming ) and ongoing work with Tomasz Sadzik of NYU and Yuliy Sannikov of Princeton .
It contains two critical features – rebalancing to address the constant percentage principle and gradual vesting to satisfy the long - horizon principle .
Each year , the manager ’s annual pay is escrowed in a portfolio to which he has no immediate access .
In the above example , 60 % of the portfolio is invested in the firm ’s stock and the remainder in cash .
As time passes and the firm ’s value changes , this portfolio is rebalanced monthly so that 60 % of the account remains invested in stock at all times .
In our example , after the stock price halves , the Incentive Account is now worth $ 7 million ( $ 4 million cash and $ 3 million of stock ) .
This requires the CEO to hold $ 4.2 million of equity , which is achieved by using $ 1.2 million of cash to buy stock .
This satisfies the “ constant percentage principle ” and maintains the manager ’s incentives after firm value has declined .
Importantly , the additional stock is accompanied by a reduction in cash – it is not given for free .
This addresses a major concern with repricing stock options after the share price falls – the CEO is rewarded for failure .
Each month , a fixed fraction of the Incentive Account vests and is paid to the executive .
Even when the manager leaves , he does not receive the entire value of the Incentive Account immediately .
Instead , it continues to vest gradually ; full vesting will occur only after several years .
By then , most manipulation or hidden risk will have become public information and affected the stock price and thus the account ’s value .
Since the manager has significant wealth tied in the firm even after his departure , he has fewer incentives to manipulate earnings in the short term .
While the Incentive Account may seem a marked departure from current practices , it can be approximately implemented using standard compensation instruments without setting up a special account .
In each period , the board pays the CEO a mix of deferred ( cash ) compensation and restricted stock .
If performance is poor , the next period the CEO ’s salary is paid exclusively in restricted stock ; upon strong performance , it is paid exclusively in deferred cash .
We note that gradual vesting is not without its cost .
Compared to short - term vesting , it imposes some risk on the manager , and he may require a higher salary as compensation .
However , the benefits of a high - powered incentive scheme are much greater than its costs .
Even if an optimal contract induces the CEO to increase firm value by only an additional 1 % , this is $ 100 million when applied to a $ 10 billion firm , which vastly exceeds any required compensation for risk .
Similar to investing in a risk management system , the Incentive Account has a small cost , but pays off in sharper incentives and sounder risk - taking .
Moreover , for a given vesting period and target incentive level , we demonstrate mathematically that Incentive Accounts are always less costly than other schemes such as stock options , restricted stock , clawbacks , and bonus - malus banks .
Implications
The Incentive Account is a basic framework that can be enhanced by additional features , such as benchmarking to market performance to ensure the manager is not rewarded for luck .
Also , it may be applied to other critical employees , e.g. traders , and deter problems similar to those that afflicted AIG .
In these cases , pay should be tied not to the stock price of the overall firm , but the profit of the worker ’s department , as that is more closely under his or her control .
Our plan need not be imposed by regulators ( although if regulators do wish to make prescriptions , Incentive Accounts are worth considering ) .
Even in the absence of regulation , shareholders typically have sufficient incentives to implement any new scheme that is appropriate for their specific firm .
Instead , we advocate that regulation should remove tax or accounting distortions that favour some forms of compensation over others .
That will allow incentive schemes to compete on a level - playing field , and incentive accounts are well - positioned to win the market test .
References
Bebchuk , Lucian , and Jesse Fried , Pay Without Performance : The Unfulfilled Promise of Executive Compensation ( Cambridge , MA : Harvard University Press , 2004 ) .
Edmans , Alex , Xavier Gabaix , Tomasz Sadzik , Yuliy Sannikov “ Dynamic Incentive Accounts ”
Edmans , Alex , Xavier Gabaix and Augustin Landier “ A Multiplicative Model of Optimal CEO Incentives in Market Equilibrium , ” forthcoming , Review of Financial Studies .
Advertisements
Rush Limbaugh went into full paranoia mode today over healthcare reform .
Rush claimed that healthcare reform will allow government to control every element of our lives , but the truth is that Rush and the Republicans are running a con when it comes to healthcare reform .
Rush is trying to pull the ultimate distraction .
Here is the audio from Media Matters :
Limbaugh said , “ The worst thing the Republicans could do would be to sign on to nationalized healthcare .
Nationalized healthcare is not about the money folks .
You have to understand this , single payer government provided , whatever you want to call it .
Once that happens then virtually every activity that you engage in can be controlled , because they can say it relates to how much health costs the government ’s going to have .
Your kids may not be able to use a swing set anymore , maybe too dangerous .
You may not be able to buy a TV that hangs on the wall because it might fall on your kid and break his head .
I am not making this up . ”
Advertisements
Rush is making this up .
He is making it all up .
His fantasy is first based on the idea that heathcare reform is going to be single payer .
It wo n’t be .
This is the scare tactic that Republicans are going to attempt to use to defeat healthcare .
They are going to frame it as government taking away individual freedom .
The hypocrisy here is that no party has done more to take away personal freedom that the GOP .
This is a political party that tried to intervene in life and death with the Teri Schaivo case , which , by the way , Rush backed the GOP on .
Rush is also a staunch supporter of the Patriot Act and Bush ’s domestic spying program .
Apparently , he has no problem with the government controlling our lives when it is under the guise of the keeping the homeland safe , but letting every American visit a doctor is going too far .
Once again , Limbaugh is giving his party some terrible advice .
Single payer appears to be off of the table , but I can see the GOP working with Democrats to strengthen the tax credit for employers who provide healthcare .
If Republicans were smart they would get involved with cracking down on the insurance industry and lowering the cost of prescription drugs .
What is most likely to happen is that Republicans say no to everything , Democrats pass healthcare reform anyway , the program becomes a beloved institution , and Rush and the GOP look like fools , again .
Do n’t believe the distraction .
Healthcare reform is n’t about the government running your life .
If you already have insurance , nothing will change .
The point is to get the nearly 50 million people with no healthcare into the system .
Rush and his fellow Republicans are running a con .
If you love something , take it apart and see what 's inside .
That 's the geek mantra that some zealous gadgeteers are applying to the iPhone 3GS today .
Their biggest discovery : a CPU that 's running at just 72 % of its capacity .
Both iFixit and Rapid Repair , companies that specialize in repairing broken gadgets , have got their hands on the new iPhone 3GS , torn it apart , and photographed the process .
They were good enough to share their photos with us so we can bring them to you here .
I Fixit even sent its teardown supremo Kyle Wiens 5,400 miles across the Atlantic to sunny England in order to exploit time - zones and get the job started a few hours early .
Here 's a selection of images from the first frenzied moments in the life of the iPhone 3G S ( and the last few moments in the life of two specific units ) .
Got any more details about what you see in the photos here ?
Let us know in the comments .
We 'll update the story as we get more info .
What 's in the box ?
This is everything , including Apple 's custom " paperclip " SIM card key , a UK power charger and the UK O2 SIM .
Of course , everything shown here is usually sold in a more fully - assembled form .
If you open the box and see this , you should be worried .
Image credit : iFixit .
There is no visible difference between the 3G and the 3GS other than the model number and , if you opt for the 32 GB iPhone , the number 32 on the back .
This is good news for 3G owners – you wo n't look as goofy as those cheapskates still on the chunky 2G version .
Image credit : iFixit .
Removing the brain
This is the real guts of the machine , the logic board which contains the Samsung CPU and other electronics .
There are plenty of connectors to release , but you 'll see this view after removing just two screws .
Image credit : iFixit .
i Phone 3G S logic board close - up and personal
The heart of the logic board is the CPU , the Samsung S5PC100 ( both previous iPhones used the Samsung S3C6400 ) .
It runs at 600MHz , just as T - Mobile let slip last week , but according to Samsung ’s spec sheet it can run at up to 833MHz and its native speed is 667M Hz .
This means that Apple is underclocking , presumably for better battery life .
The chip also has built - in 720 p video , and the memory for use by the OS has been doubled to 256MB .
Image credit : iFixit .
i Phone 3G S ( left ) and iPhone 3G
There is little difference between the 3G and 3G S other than the big Toshiba NAND flash chip smack bang in the middle .
Image credit : Rapid Repair .
The screen and digitizer
The trickiest part of the job is removing the digitizer from the screen .
It requires a heat gun , a steady hand and nerves of steel .
See the one on the left , missing the home button ?
It will remain this way forever .
According to Rapid Repair , " The home button is held on with plastic pegs which can not be replaced . "
In other words : Kids , do n't try this at home .
Image credit : Rapid Repair .
Welcome to California : Soaring unemployment , a burst real estate market , cuts in public service , lack of health care and a frozen political system .
Paul Krugman explains why the sunshine state is in worse shape than most :
The seeds of California ’s current crisis were planted more than 30
years ago , when voters overwhelmingly passed Proposition 13 , a ballot
measure that placed the state ’s budget in a straitjacket .
Property tax
rates were capped , and homeowners were shielded from increases in their
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
tax assessments even as the value of their homes rose .
The
result was a tax system that is both inequitable and unstable .
It ’s
inequitable because older homeowners often pay far less property tax
than their younger neighbors .
It ’s unstable because limits on property
taxation have forced California to rely more heavily than other states
on income taxes , which fall steeply during recessions .
Even more
important , however , Proposition 13 made it extremely hard to raise
taxes , even in emergencies : no state tax rate may be increased without
a two - thirds majority in both houses of the State Legislature .
And this
provision has interacted disastrously with state political trends .
Krugman also warns that this could be the norm rather than the exception thanks to the ingenious Republicans who have decimated the country in order to service the needs of the rich :
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
The political problems that have plagued California for years are now increasingly apparent at a national level .
To
be blunt : recent events suggest that the Republican Party has been
driven mad by lack of power .
The few remaining moderates have been
defeated , have fled , or are being driven out .
What ’s left is a party
whose national committee has just passed a resolution solemnly
declaring that Democrats are “ dedicated to restructuring American
society along socialist ideals , ” and released a video comparing Speaker
of the House Nancy Pelosi to Pussy Galore .
And that party still has 40 senators .
Six Pennsylvania high school students are among the latest teens facing child pornography charges also known as sexting : the act of sending or receiving nude or semi-nude pictures on cell phones and sharing them with others .
The term ' sexting ' comes from ' texting ' , which is text - messaging over a cell phone .
Three teenage girls aged 14 and 15 are facing charges for taking nude or semi-nude pictures of themselves and sending them via their cell phones to three boys aged 16 and 17 .
The boys are facing charges of possession .
The photos were discovered in October after school officials confiscated a cell phone from a male student for violating school rules .
A nude photo of a classmate was found on the cell phone .
Police were called and an investigation led them to other cell phones that contained more photos .
Authorities Sending a Strong Message to Minors
A police captain said the first photograph was a nude self portrait taken by a juvenile female .
The captain stressed how dangerous the practice truly was , since pictures on a cell phone could end up on the Internet .
A statement issued by the school district said the investigation did n't turn up an evidence of inappropriate activity on school grounds , other than the violation of its electronic devices policy .
Authorities decided to file child pornography charges in order to send a strong message to other minors who are considering sending nude or semi-nude pictures of themselves to other friends .
Prosecuting Minors Taking Pictures of Themselves " Counterproductive "
Patrick Artur , a Philadelphia defense attorney who claims to have handled at least 80 child pornography cases , says that prosecuting minors for taking photos of themselves is counterproductive to the purpose of both state and federal child pornography laws that are intended to prevent the sexual abuse of children by ' dirty old men in raincoats , ' noting that this situation is clearly overkill .
( Source : msn.com )
Under Pennsylvania 's child pornography law , there is no mandatory minimum sentence -- unlike the federal statute .
Under Pennsylvania law , the students may not be incarcerated if found guilty , but a conviction of that type would have serious implications , including forcing them to register as sex offenders for at least 10 years .
The prosecutor wanted to force the kids into a 10 - hour class on pornography and sexual violence , threatening them with charges for sexual abuse of a minor , but a federal judge granted a temporary restraining order against any such prosecutions .
( Source : zdnet.com )
Visit Bill 's Links and More for more great tips , just like this one !
The tiny Muslim community of Bolivia was surveyed in a recent report from the DNI Open Source Center .
The OSC report “ is an overview of mosques , Islamic organizations , and religious leaders in Bolivia and their susceptibility to foreign Islamist influence . ”
Like many OSC products , this item has not been approved for public release .
A copy was obtained by Secrecy News .
See “ Bolivia — Key Muslim Converts Assert Local Peril , Ally With Zealots Abroad , ” Open Source Center , May 12 , 2009 .
Philipp Haller and Martin Odersky have submitted Capabilities for External Uniqueness to OOPSLA'09 .
Unique object references have many important applications in object - oriented programming .
For instance , with sufficient encapsulation properties they enable safe and efficient transfer of message objects between concurrent processes .
However , it is a long - standing challenge to integrate unique references into practical object - oriented programming languages .
This paper introduces a new approach to external uniqueness .
The idea is to use capabilities for enforcing both aliasing constraints that guarantee external uniqueness , and linear consumption of unique references .
We formalize our approach as a type system , and prove a type preservation theorem .
Type safety rests on an alias invariant that builds on a novel formalization of external uniqueness .
We show how a capability - based type system can be used to integrate external uniqueness into widely available object - oriented programming languages .
Practical experience suggests that our system allows adding uniqueness information to common collection classes in a simple and concise way .
More than 100 feet deep in Lake Huron , on a wide stoney ridge that 9,000 years ago was a land bridge , University of Michigan researchers have found the first archeological evidence of human activity preserved beneath the Great Lakes .
The researchers located what they believe to be caribou - hunting structures and camps used by the early hunters of the period .
" This is the first time we 've identified structures like these on the lake bottom , " said John O'Shea , curator of Great Lakes Archaeology in the Museum of Anthropology and professor in the Department of Anthropology .
" Scientifically , it 's important because the entire ancient landscape has been preserved and has not been modified by farming , or modern development .
That has implications for ecology , archaeology and environmental modeling . "
A paper about the findings is published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Co-authors are O'Shea and Guy Meadows , director of the Marine Hydrodynamics Laboratories and a professor in the departments of Naval Architecture and Marine Engineering , and Atmospheric , Oceanic and Space Sciences .
O'Shea and Meadows found features that they believe to be hunting pits , camps , caribou drive lanes and stone piles used to attract the caribou to the drive lanes .
Drive lanes are long rows of rocks used to channel caribou into ambushes .
The 1,148 - foot structure they believe is a drive lane closely resembles one on Victoria Island in the Canadian subarctic .
The hunting formations are on the 10 - mile - wide Alpena - Amberley ridge that stretches more than 100 miles from Point Clark , Ontario to Presque Isle , Michigan .
The ridge was a bridge between 10,000 and 7,500 years ago when water levels were much lower .
Its surface is relatively unspoiled , unlike coastal areas where scientists believe other archeological sites exist .
These coastal sites would now be deeply covered in sediment , so they 're often considered lost forever .
advertisement
Scientists have hypothesized for some time that the ridge might hold signs of ancient occupations .
But they did n't know what signs to look for .
O'Shea and Meadows zeroed in on caribou - hunting structures after considering the region 's climate at the time , which would have been similar to the subarctic .
Subarctic hunters are known to utilize caribou drive lanes .
The U - M researchers then narrowed down where to look for these structures by modeling the lake ridge as it would have been when it was dry .
They worked with a Robert Reynolds a professor of computer scientist at Wayne State University to reconstruct the ancient environment and then simulate caribou migrations across the corridor .
Based on this , they picked three spots to examine .
O'Shea and Meadows used U - M's new , cutting - edge survey vessel Blue Traveler , sonar equipment and underwater remote - operated vehicles with video cameras to survey these areas .
" The combination of these state - of - the art tools have made these underwater archeological investigations possible , " Meadows said .
" Without any one of these advanced tools , this discovery would not have happened . "
Archaeologist will begin examining these areas this summer .
advertisement
The Paleo - Indian and early Archaic periods are poorly known in the Great Lakes region because most of their sites are thought to have been lost beneath the lakes .
Yet they are also times of major shifts in culture and the environment .
The Paleo - Indians were nomadic and pursued big game , O'Shea said .
With the Archaic period , communities were more settled , with larger populations , a broad spectrum economy , and new long distance trade and ceremonial connections .
" Without the archeological sites from this intermediate time period , you can't tell how they got from point A to point B , or Paleo - Indian to Archaic , " O'Shea said .
" This is why the discovery of sites preserved beneath the lakes is so significant . "
Perhaps more exciting than the hunting structures themselves is the hope they bring that intact settlements are preserved on the lake bottom .
These settlements could contain organic artifacts that deteriorate in drier , acidic soils on land .
The research is funded by the National Science Foundation .
Raised Letter Business Cards & High Gloss Business Cards Stand out from the crowd and leave a lasting impression with our Business Card Design .
Premium quality at a great value .
Use your own Business Card Design or choose from thousands of free templates .
With also offer a free Paper Weight Chart and lots of other printing options to choose from .
AcceptPrint business card design is the place for business cards and all your custom printing needs !
QR Code Link to This Post
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
I 've done many a snatch - and - grab but no one has ever stuck in my mind like you .
There was a quick moment when our eyes met that I felt something strong .
I think you felt it too .
If I was n't so shy ( or so committing a crime ) I would have asked your name .
I , of course , later got your name from your drivers license .
So Jennifer if you 'd like to get together for a drink sometime get back to me .
Oh , and I can give you back your purse .
Your credit cards are still there but I spent the cash ( sorry ) .
And my room mate took your tampons .
I do n't know what he does with them but he always takes the tampons .
If it works out between us I 'll totally buy you some new ones ;-)
European Union states are considering recalling their ambassadors from Iran in an attempt to secure the release of the British embassy employees being held in Tehran .
EU diplomats said the envoys could be recalled temporarily in solidarity with locally engaged staff from the British mission in Tehran who have been accused of involvement in post-election rioting .
The British government insists the accusations are false .
Nine people were arrested on Saturday .
Five were freed today but four others understood to be the most senior were still being held and questioned .
Gordon Brown said it was " unacceptable " and " unjustifiable " that the local employees were being held .
The prime minister was speaking at a press conference with the European commission president , José Manuel Barroso , who expressed his " full solidarity " with the UK .
Yesterday , EU foreign ministers warned Iran that " harassment or intimidation " of embassy staff would be met with a " strong and collective " response .
Most of the 27 EU member states have ambassadors in Tehran .
Meanwhile , Iranian officials have declared the official presidential election results , which saw the incumbent hardliner Mahmoud Ahmadinejad win by a landslide , to be correct after a partial recount .
" The secretary of the Guardian Council in a letter to the interior minister announced the final decision of the Council ... and declares the approval of the accuracy of the results of ... the presidential election , " according to reports in the state TV broadcaster .
Requests for a new election and allegations of voting irregularities have been rejected .
Diplomats said it had not yet been agreed when the EU envoys would leave or for how long .
But the news was clearly intended to signal seriousness of intent to Iranian government in the hope it would back down .
Iran 's foreign ministry had earlier appeared to respond to the warning by saying it did not wish to damage or downgrade relations with the UK , after a telephone conversation today between David Miliband , the foreign secretary , and his Iranian counterpart , Manouchehr Mottaki .
The fear in London is that the Iranian foreign ministry is not in control of the situation , with hardliners from the interior ministry and intelligence service calling the shots as part of a campaign to pin the blame for the unrest on foreign governments .
Last week , as protests continued over the " stolen " election , Iran expelled two British diplomats – the embassy 's second and third secretaries – in protest at their " undiplomatic " approach .
The two have arrived back in Britain , the foreign office confirmed , and the families of British embassy staff have also left Iran .
In retaliation , Britain expelled two diplomats from the Iranian embassy in London .
Sandra
Lee 's catch phrases and verbal tics from various episodes spliced together into one insane montage .
Watch the video , after the jump .
Sandra Lee ' Delicious , Delicious , Delicious ' Montage
[ via Eat Me Daily ]
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
50 Reasons to Have Sex
1 ) Because you can't get to sleep
2 ) Make - up sex
3 ) Break - up sex
4 ) Your friend told you about a new position
5 ) Revenge
6 ) Rebound
7 ) Paratrooping / Bangin ' for roof
8 ) Nothing good on TV
9 ) Because you 're in a hotel
10 ) Curiosity
11 ) It 's raining
12 ) It 's half - time
13 ) Diet / exercise
14 ) Celebrate recent weight loss
15 ) You finally get the chance to show your childhood bed some action
16 ) Prom night
17 ) You 're already at their place and do n't want to have to move your car
18 ) Show off new lingerie
19 ) Celebrate major victory by favorite team and / or political candidate
20 ) Your chance to do it in a specific location ( ex : airplane , Burger King bathroom )
21 ) To prove we 're not in a rut
22 ) Stress relief
23 ) Just shaved legs
24 ) Forgot to buy a birthday present
25 ) " Let 's get it on " by Marvin Gaye is playing on the radio
26 ) Celebrating the joy of life after a near - death experience
27 ) Your one chance with a celebrity
28 ) Time an egg
29 ) To avoid cleaning , studying or doing work of any kind
30 ) She wants to
31 ) It 's cold outside
32 ) Cheer someone up ( pity )
33 ) Keeping up with the neighbors
34 ) Your room mate is out of town and you can do it on the couch
35 ) Some very protected sex to celebrate the fact that I 'm not / we 're not / you 're not pregnant
36 ) Practice
37 ) They have air - conditioning and you do n't
38 ) Because he / she is from one of the countries you have n't had sex with a person from yet
39 ) " Damn , your calves look good in those cargo shorts " sex
40 ) Called / texted the wrong person but she was into it anyway
41 ) Because she looks like your super hot cousin and this is the closest it 'll ever get to being okay
42 ) Breaking in a new apartment
43 ) Because he said he loves you and you 're not ready to say it back yet
44 ) Wingman diving on the friend grenade
45 ) Your condoms are about to expire
46 ) It 's getting a little hard
47 ) Miscommunication ( Cheetos sex )
48 ) To reinforce good behavior ( such as shaving & dental hygiene )
49 ) To change the subject
50 ) LOVE ♥
Apple is playing the moral watchdog game again , this time banning from its App Store the Me So Holy app .
In yet another episode of the " Rejected Apps " soap opera , Apple found the app " objectionable , " according to its iPhone developer agreement .
Developed by Benjamin Kahle , the Me So Holy app allows users to snap a mugshot with their iPhone camera and then crop and scale it to replace the face on various religious figures , including Jesus .
Khale says that Apple rejected his app because it contains objectionable material .
On the rejection of the Me So Holy app from Apple 's Apps Store , Khale wrote on his Web site : " Our question is , is religion really to be placed in the same category as these violent apps ?
Sex , urine , and defecation do n't seem to be off - limits , yet a totally non-violent , religion - based app is . "
Here 's a short video of how the Me So Holy iPhone app works :
Me So Holy iPhone App from Benjamin Margolis on Vimeo .
But Me So Holy is only the latest in a line of apps Apple rejected from the uber - popular App Store .
In late April the Cupertino company initially allowed the controversial Baby Shaker app into the App Store .
But after an uproar from child advocates over the objectionable nature of the game , it was removed .
Then , last week Apple banned an update for Nine Inch Nails ' iPhone app because a song ( which was already available on iTunes Music Store ) could have been downloaded by users via the app .
The song , The Downward Spiral , was claimed to have objectionable content as well .
Shortly after , the app update made it through the store .
Are you offended by the Me So Holy app ?
Do you find its content " objectionable " ?
Should Apple police decency on its App Store ?
Sound off in the comments .
Join Daniel on Twitter @danielionescu
ENCYCLICAL LETTER
CARITAS IN VERITATE
OF THE SUPREME PONTIFF
BENEDICT XVI
TO THE BISHOPS
PRIESTS AND DEACONS
MEN AND WOMEN RELIGIOUS
THE LAY FAITHFUL
AND ALL PEOPLE OF GOOD WILL
ON INTEGRAL HUMAN DEVELOPMENT
IN CHARITY AND TRUTH
INTRODUCTION
1. Charity in truth , to which Jesus Christ bore witness by his earthly life and especially by his death and resurrection , is the principal driving force behind the authentic development of every person and of all humanity .
Love — caritas — is an extraordinary force which leads people to opt for courageous and generous engagement in the field of justice and peace .
It is a force that has its origin in God , Eternal Love and Absolute Truth .
Each person finds his good by adherence to God 's plan for him , in order to realize it fully : in this plan , he finds his truth , and through adherence to this truth he becomes free ( cf. Jn 8:32 ) .
To defend the truth , to articulate it with humility and conviction , and to bear witness to it in life are therefore exacting and indispensable forms of charity .
Charity , in fact , “ rejoices in the truth ” ( 1 Cor 13:6 ) .
All people feel the interior impulse to love authentically : love and truth never abandon them completely , because these are the vocation planted by God in the heart and mind of every human person .
The search for love and truth is purified and liberated by Jesus Christ from the impoverishment that our humanity brings to it , and he reveals to us in all its fullness the initiative of love and the plan for true life that God has prepared for us .
In Christ , charity in truth becomes the Face of his Person , a vocation for us to love our brothers and sisters in the truth of his plan .
Indeed , he himself is the Truth ( cf. Jn 14:6 ) .
2. Charity is at the heart of the Church 's social doctrine .
Every responsibility and every commitment spelt out by that doctrine is derived from charity which , according to the teaching of Jesus , is the synthesis of the entire Law ( cf. Mt 22:36 - 40 ) .
It gives real substance to the personal relationship with God and with neighbour ; it is the principle not only of micro-relationships ( with friends , with family members or within small groups ) but also of macro- relationships ( social , economic and political ones ) .
For the Church , instructed by the Gospel , charity is everything because , as Saint John teaches ( cf. 1 Jn 4:8 , 16 ) and as I recalled in my first Encyclical Letter , “ God is love ” ( Deus Caritas Est ) : everything has its origin in God 's love , everything is shaped by it , everything is directed towards it .
Love is God 's greatest gift to humanity , it is his promise and our hope .
I am aware of the ways in which charity has been and continues to be misconstrued and emptied of meaning , with the consequent risk of being misinterpreted , detached from ethical living and , in any event , undervalued .
In the social , juridical , cultural , political and economic fields — the contexts , in other words , that are most exposed to this danger — it is easily dismissed as irrelevant for interpreting and giving direction to moral responsibility .
Hence the need to link charity with truth not only in the sequence , pointed out by Saint Paul , of veritas in caritate ( Eph 4:15 ) , but also in the inverse and complementary sequence of caritas in veritate .
Truth needs to be sought , found and expressed within the “ economy ” of charity , but charity in its turn needs to be understood , confirmed and practised in the light of truth .
In this way , not only do we do a service to charity enlightened by truth , but we also help give credibility to truth , demonstrating its persuasive and authenticating power in the practical setting of social living .
This is a matter of no small account today , in a social and cultural context which relativizes truth , often paying little heed to it and showing increasing reluctance to acknowledge its existence .
3 . Through this close link with truth , charity can be recognized as an authentic expression of humanity and as an element of fundamental importance in human relations , including those of a public nature .
Only in truth does charity shine forth , only in truth can charity be authentically lived .
Truth is the light that gives meaning and value to charity .
That light is both the light of reason and the light of faith , through which the intellect attains to the natural and supernatural truth of charity : it grasps its meaning as gift , acceptance , and communion .
Without truth , charity degenerates into sentimentality .
Love becomes an empty shell , to be filled in an arbitrary way .
In a culture without truth , this is the fatal risk facing love .
It falls prey to contingent subjective emotions and opinions , the word “ love ” is abused and distorted , to the point where it comes to mean the opposite .
Truth frees charity from the constraints of an emotionalism that deprives it of relational and social content , and of a fideism that deprives it of human and universal breathing - space .
In the truth , charity reflects the personal yet public dimension of faith in the God of the Bible , who is both Agápe and Lógos : Charity and Truth , Love and Word .
4 . Because it is filled with truth , charity can be understood in the abundance of its values , it can be shared and communicated .
Truth , in fact , is lógos which creates diá- logos , and hence communication and communion .
Truth , by enabling men and women to let go of their subjective opinions and impressions , allows them to move beyond cultural and historical limitations and to come together in the assessment of the value and substance of things .
Truth opens and unites our minds in the lógos of love : this is the Christian proclamation and testimony of charity .
In the present social and cultural context , where there is a widespread tendency to relativize truth , practising charity in truth helps people to understand that adhering to the values of Christianity is not merely useful but essential for building a good society and for true integral human development .
A Christianity of charity without truth would be more or less interchangeable with a pool of good sentiments , helpful for social cohesion , but of little relevance .
In other words , there would no longer be any real place for God in the world .
Without truth , charity is confined to a narrow field devoid of relations .
It is excluded from the plans and processes of promoting human development of universal range , in dialogue between knowledge and praxis .
5. Charity is love received and given .
It is “ grace ” ( cháris ) .
Its source is the wellspring of the Father 's love for the Son , in the Holy Spirit .
Love comes down to us from the Son .
It is creative love , through which we have our being ; it is redemptive love , through which we are recreated .
Love is revealed and made present by Christ ( cf. Jn 13:1 ) and “ poured into our hearts through the Holy Spirit ” ( Rom 5:5 ) .
As the objects of God 's love , men and women become subjects of charity , they are called to make themselves instruments of grace , so as to pour forth God 's charity and to weave networks of charity .
This dynamic of charity received and given is what gives rise to the Church 's social teaching , which is caritas in veritate in re sociali : the proclamation of the truth of Christ 's love in society .
This doctrine is a service to charity , but its locus is truth .
Truth preserves and expresses charity 's power to liberate in the ever - changing events of history .
It is at the same time the truth of faith and of reason , both in the distinction and also in the convergence of those two cognitive fields .
Development , social well - being , the search for a satisfactory solution to the grave socio- economic problems besetting humanity , all need this truth .
What they need even more is that this truth should be loved and demonstrated .
Without truth , without trust and love for what is true , there is no social conscience and responsibility , and social action ends up serving private interests and the logic of power , resulting in social fragmentation , especially in a globalized society at difficult times like the present .
6. “ Caritas in veritate ” is the principle around which the Church 's social doctrine turns , a principle that takes on practical form in the criteria that govern moral action .
I would like to consider two of these in particular , of special relevance to the commitment to development in an increasingly globalized society : justice and the common good .
First of all , justice .
Ubi societas , ibi ius : every society draws up its own system of justice .
Charity goes beyond justice , because to love is to give , to offer what is “ mine ” to the other ; but it never lacks justice , which prompts us to give the other what is “ his ” , what is due to him by reason of his being or his acting .
I cannot “ give ” what is mine to the other , without first giving him what pertains to him in justice .
If we love others with charity , then first of all we are just towards them .
Not only is justice not extraneous to charity , not only is it not an alternative or parallel path to charity : justice is inseparable from charity [ 1 ] , and intrinsic to it .
Justice is the primary way of charity or , in Paul VI 's words , “ the minimum measure ” of it [ 2 ] , an integral part of the love “ in deed and in truth ” ( 1 Jn 3:18 ) , to which Saint John exhorts us .
On the one hand , charity demands justice : recognition and respect for the legitimate rights of individuals and peoples .
It strives to build the earthly city according to law and justice .
On the other hand , charity transcends justice and completes it in the logic of giving and forgiving [ 3 ] .
The earthly city is promoted not merely by relationships of rights and duties , but to an even greater and more fundamental extent by relationships of gratuitousness , mercy and communion .
Charity always manifests
God 's love in human relationships as well , it gives theological and salvific value to all commitment for justice in the world .
7 . Another important consideration is the common good .
To love someone is to desire that person 's good and to take effective steps to secure it .
Besides the good of the individual , there is a good that is linked to living in society : the common good .
It is the good of “ all of us ” , made up of individuals , families and intermediate groups who together constitute society [ 4 ] .
It is a good that is sought not for its own sake , but for the people who belong to the social community and who can only really and effectively pursue their good within it .
To desire the common good and strive towards it is a requirement of justice and charity .
To take a stand for the common good is on the one hand to be solicitous for , and on the other hand to avail oneself of , that complex of institutions that give structure to the life of society , juridically , civilly , politically and culturally , making it the pólis , or “ city ” .
The more we strive to secure a common good corresponding to the real needs of our neighbours , the more effectively we love them .
Every Christian is called to practise this charity , in a manner corresponding to his vocation and according to the degree of influence he wields in the pólis .
This is the institutional path — we might also call it the political path — of charity , no less excellent and effective than the kind of charity which encounters the neighbour directly , outside the institutional mediation of the pólis .
When animated by charity , commitment to the common good has greater worth than a merely secular and political stand would have .
Like all commitment to justice , it has a place within the testimony of divine charity that paves the way for eternity through temporal action .
Man 's earthly activity , when inspired and sustained by charity , contributes to the building of the universal city of God , which is the goal of the history of the human family .
In an increasingly globalized society , the common good and the effort to obtain it cannot fail to assume the dimensions of the whole human family , that is to say , the community of peoples and nations [ 5 ] , in such a way as to shape the earthly city in unity and peace , rendering it to some degree an anticipation and a prefiguration of the undivided city of God .
8 . In 1967 , when he issued the Encyclical Populorum Progressio , my venerable predecessor Pope Paul VI illuminated the great theme of the development of peoples with the splendour of truth and the gentle light of Christ 's charity .
He taught that life in Christ is the first and principal factor of development [ 6 ] and he entrusted us with the task of travelling the path of development with all our heart and all our intelligence [ 7 ] , that is to say with the ardour of charity and the wisdom of truth .
It is the primordial truth of God 's love , grace bestowed upon us , that opens our lives to gift and makes it possible to hope for a “ development of the whole man and of all men ” [ 8 ] , to hope for progress “ from less human conditions to those which are more human ” [ 9 ] , obtained by overcoming the difficulties that are inevitably encountered along the way .
At a distance of over forty years from the Encyclical 's publication , I intend to pay tribute and to honour the memory of the great Pope Paul VI , revisiting his teachings on integral human development and taking my place within the path that they marked out , so as to apply them to the present moment .
This continual application to contemporary circumstances began with the Encyclical Sollicitudo Rei Socialis , with which the Servant of God Pope John Paul II chose to mark the twentieth anniversary of the publication of Populorum Progressio .
Until that time , only Rerum Novarum had been commemorated in this way .
Now that a further twenty years have passed , I express my conviction that Populorum Progressio deserves to be considered “ the Rerum Novarum of the present age ” , shedding light upon humanity 's journey towards unity .
9 . Love in truth — caritas in veritate — is a great challenge for the Church in a world that is becoming progressively and pervasively globalized .
The risk for our time is that the de facto interdependence of people and nations is not matched by ethical interaction of consciences and minds that would give rise to truly human development .
Only in charity , illumined by the light of reason and faith , is it possible to pursue development goals that possess a more humane and humanizing value .
The sharing of goods and resources , from which authentic development proceeds , is not guaranteed by merely technical progress and relationships of utility , but by the potential of love that overcomes evil with good ( cf. Rom 12:21 ) , opening up the path towards reciprocity of consciences and liberties .
The Church does not have technical solutions to offer [ 10 ] and does not claim “ to interfere in any way in the politics of States . ” [ 11 ]
She does , however , have a mission of truth to accomplish , in every time and circumstance , for a society that is attuned to man , to his dignity , to his vocation .
Without truth , it is easy to fall into an empiricist and sceptical view of life , incapable of rising to the level of praxis because of a lack of interest in grasping the values — sometimes even the meanings — with which to judge and direct it .
Fidelity to man requires fidelity to the truth , which alone is the guarantee of freedom ( cf. Jn 8:32 ) and of the possibility of integral human development .
For this reason the Church searches for truth , proclaims it tirelessly and recognizes it wherever it is manifested .
This mission of truth is something that the Church can never renounce .
Her social doctrine is a particular dimension of this proclamation : it is a service to the truth which sets us free .
Open to the truth , from whichever branch of knowledge it comes , the Church 's social doctrine receives it , assembles into a unity the fragments in which it is often found , and mediates it within the constantly changing life - patterns of the society of peoples and nations [ 12 ] .
CHAPTER ONE
THE MESSAGE
OF POPULORUM PROGRESSIO
10 .
A fresh reading of Populorum Progressio , more than forty years after its publication , invites us to remain faithful to its message of charity and truth , viewed within the overall context of Paul VI 's specific magisterium and , more generally , within the tradition of the Church 's social doctrine .
Moreover , an evaluation is needed of the different terms in which the problem of development is presented today , as compared with forty years ago .
The correct viewpoint , then , is that of the Tradition of the apostolic faith [ 13 ] , a patrimony both ancient and new , outside of which Populorum Progressio would be a document without roots — and issues concerning development would be reduced to merely sociological data .
11 . The publication of Populorum Progressio occurred immediately after the conclusion of the Second Vatican Ecumenical Council , and in its opening paragraphs it clearly indicates its close connection with the Council [ 14 ] .
Twenty years later , in Sollicitudo Rei Socialis , John Paul II , in his turn , emphasized the earlier Encyclical 's fruitful relationship with the Council , and especially with the Pastoral Constitution Gaudium et Spes [ 15 ] .
I too wish to recall here the importance of the Second Vatican Council for Paul VI 's Encyclical and for the whole of the subsequent social Magisterium of the Popes .
The Council probed more deeply what had always belonged to the truth of the faith , namely that the Church , being at God 's service , is at the service of the world in terms of love and truth .
Paul VI set out from this vision in order to convey two important truths .
The first is that the whole Church , in all her being and acting — when she proclaims , when she celebrates , when she performs works of charity — is engaged in promoting integral human development .
She has a public role over and above her charitable and educational activities : all the energy she brings to the advancement of humanity and of universal fraternity is manifested when she is able to operate in a climate of freedom .
In not a few cases , that freedom is impeded by prohibitions and persecutions , or it is limited when the Church 's public presence is reduced to her charitable activities alone .
The second truth is that authentic human development concerns the whole of the person in every single dimension [ 16 ] .
Without the perspective of eternal life , human progress in this world is denied breathing - space .
Enclosed within history , it runs the risk of being reduced to the mere accumulation of wealth ; humanity thus loses the courage to be at the service of higher goods , at the service of the great and disinterested initiatives called forth by universal charity .
Man does not develop through his own powers , nor can development simply be handed to him .
In the course of history , it was often maintained that the creation of institutions was sufficient to guarantee the fulfilment of humanity 's right to development .
Unfortunately , too much confidence was placed in those institutions , as if they were able to deliver the desired objective automatically .
In reality , institutions by themselves are not enough , because integral human development is primarily a vocation , and therefore it involves a free assumption of responsibility in solidarity on the part of everyone .
Moreover , such development requires a transcendent vision of the person , it needs God : without him , development is either denied , or entrusted exclusively to man , who falls into the trap of thinking he can bring about his own salvation , and ends up promoting a dehumanized form of development .
Only through an encounter with God are we able to see in the other something more than just another creature [ 17 ] , to recognize the divine image in the other , thus truly coming to discover him or her and to mature in a love that “ becomes concern and care for the other . ” [ 18 ]
12 . The link between Populorum Progressio and the Second Vatican Council does not mean that Paul VI 's social magisterium marked a break with that of previous Popes , because the Council constitutes a deeper exploration of this magisterium within the continuity of the Church 's life [ 19 ] .
In this sense , clarity is not served by certain abstract subdivisions of the Church 's social doctrine , which apply categories to Papal social teaching that are extraneous to it .
It is not a case of two typologies of social doctrine , one pre-conciliar and one post - conciliar , differing from one another : on the contrary , there is a single teaching , consistent and at the same time ever new [ 20 ] .
It is one thing to draw attention to the particular characteristics of one Encyclical or another , of the teaching of one Pope or another , but quite another to lose sight of the coherence of the overall doctrinal corpus [ 21 ] .
Coherence does not mean a closed system : on the contrary , it means dynamic faithfulness to a light received .
The Church 's social doctrine illuminates with an unchanging light the new problems that are constantly emerging [ 22 ] .
This safeguards the permanent and historical character of the doctrinal “ patrimony ” [ 23 ] which , with its specific characteristics , is part and parcel of the Church 's ever - living Tradition [ 24 ] .
Social doctrine is built on the foundation handed on by the Apostles to the Fathers of the Church , and then received and further explored by the great Christian doctors .
This doctrine points definitively to the New Man , to the “ last Adam [ who ] became a life - giving spirit ” ( 1 Cor 15:45 ) , the principle of the charity that “ never ends ” ( 1 Cor 13:8 ) .
It is attested by the saints and by those who gave their lives for Christ our Saviour in the field of justice and peace .
It is an expression of the prophetic task of the Supreme Pontiffs to give apostolic guidance to the Church of Christ and to discern the new demands of evangelization .
For these reasons , Populorum Progressio , situated within the great current of Tradition , can still speak to us today .
13 .
In addition to its important link with the entirety of the Church 's social doctrine , Populorum Progressio is closely connected to the overall magisterium of Paul VI , especially his social magisterium .
His was certainly a social teaching of great importance : he underlined the indispensable importance of the Gospel for building a society according to freedom and justice , in the ideal and historical perspective of a civilization animated by love .
Paul VI clearly understood that the social question had become worldwide [ 25 ] and he grasped the interconnection between the impetus towards the unification of humanity and the Christian ideal of a single family of peoples in solidarity and fraternity .
In the notion of development , understood in human and Christian terms , he identified the heart of the Christian social message , and he proposed Christian charity as the principal force at the service of development .
Motivated by the wish to make Christ 's love fully visible to contemporary men and women , Paul VI addressed important ethical questions robustly , without yielding to the cultural weaknesses of his time .
14 . In his Apostolic Letter Octogesima Adveniens of 1971 , Paul VI reflected on the meaning of politics , and the danger constituted by utopian and ideological visions that place its ethical and human dimensions in jeopardy .
These are matters closely connected with development .
Unfortunately the negative ideologies continue to flourish .
Paul VI had already warned against the technocratic ideology so prevalent today [ 26 ] , fully aware of the great danger of entrusting the entire process of development to technology alone , because in that way it would lack direction .
Technology , viewed in itself , is ambivalent .
If on the one hand , some today would be inclined to entrust the entire process of development to technology , on the other hand we are witnessing an upsurge of ideologies that deny in toto the very value of development , viewing it as radically anti-human and merely a source of degradation .
This leads to a rejection , not only of the distorted and unjust way in which progress is sometimes directed , but also of scientific discoveries themselves , which , if well used , could serve as an opportunity of growth for all .
The idea of a world without development indicates a lack of trust in man and in God .
It is therefore a serious mistake to undervalue human capacity to exercise control over the deviations of development or to overlook the fact that man is constitutionally oriented towards “ being more ” .
Idealizing technical progress , or contemplating the utopia of a return to humanity 's original natural state , are two contrasting ways of detaching progress from its moral evaluation and hence from our responsibility .
15 .
Two further documents by Paul VI without any direct link to social doctrine — the Encyclical Humanae Vitae ( 25 July 1968 ) and the Apostolic Exhortation Evangelii Nuntiandi ( 8 December 1975 ) — are highly important for delineating the fully human meaning of the development that the Church proposes .
It is therefore helpful to consider these texts too in relation to Populorum Progressio .
The Encyclical Humanae Vitae emphasizes both the unitive and the procreative meaning of sexuality , thereby locating at the foundation of society the married couple , man and woman , who accept one another mutually , in distinction and in complementarity : a couple , therefore , that is open to life [ 27 ] .
This is not a question of purely individual morality : Humanae Vitae indicates the strong links between life ethics and social ethics , ushering in a new area of magisterial teaching that has gradually been articulated in a series of documents , most recently John Paul II 's Encyclical Evangelium Vitae [ 28 ] .
The Church forcefully maintains this link between life ethics and social ethics , fully aware that “ a society lacks solid foundations when , on the one hand , it asserts values such as the dignity of the person , justice and peace , but then , on the other hand , radically acts to the contrary by allowing or tolerating a variety of ways in which human life is devalued and violated , especially where it is weak or marginalized . ” [ 29 ]
The Apostolic Exhortation Evangelii Nuntiandi , for its part , is very closely linked with development , given that , in Paul VI 's words , “ evangelization would not be complete if it did not take account of the unceasing interplay of the Gospel and of man 's concrete life , both personal and social . ” [ 30 ]
“ Between evangelization and human advancement — development and liberation — there are in fact profound links ” [ 31 ] : on the basis of this insight , Paul VI clearly presented the relationship between the proclamation of Christ and the advancement of the individual in society .
Testimony to Christ 's charity , through works of justice , peace and development , is part and parcel of evangelization , because Jesus Christ , who loves us , is concerned with the whole person .
These important teachings form the basis for the missionary aspect [ 32 ] of the Church 's social doctrine , which is an essential element of evangelization [ 33 ] .
The Church 's social doctrine proclaims and bears witness to faith .
It is an instrument and an indispensable setting for formation in faith .
16 . In Populorum Progressio , Paul VI taught that progress , in its origin and essence , is first and foremost a vocation : “ in the design of God , every man is called upon to develop and fulfil himself , for every life is a vocation . ” [ 34 ]
This is what gives legitimacy to the Church 's involvement in the whole question of development .
If development were concerned with merely technical aspects of human life , and not with the meaning of man 's pilgrimage through history in company with his fellow human beings , nor with identifying the goal of that journey , then the Church would not be entitled to speak on it .
Paul VI , like Leo XIII before him in Rerum Novarum [ 35 ] , knew that he was carrying out a duty proper to his office by shedding the light of the Gospel on the social questions of his time [ 36 ] .
To regard development as a vocation is to recognize , on the one hand , that it derives from a transcendent call , and on the other hand that it is incapable , on its own , of supplying its ultimate meaning .
Not without reason the word “ vocation ” is also found in another passage of the Encyclical , where we read : “ There is no true humanism but that which is open to the Absolute , and is conscious of a vocation which gives human life its true meaning . ” [ 37 ]
This vision of development is at the heart of Populorum Progressio , and it lies behind all Paul VI 's reflections on freedom , on truth and on charity in development .
It is also the principal reason why that Encyclical is still timely in our day .
17 . A vocation is a call that requires a free and responsible answer .
Integral human development presupposes the responsible freedom of the individual and of peoples : no structure can guarantee this development over and above human responsibility .
The “ types of messianism which give promises but create illusions ” [ 38 ] always build their case on a denial of the transcendent dimension of development , in the conviction that it lies entirely at their disposal .
This false security becomes a weakness , because it involves reducing man to subservience , to a mere means for development , while the humility of those who accept a vocation is transformed into true autonomy , because it sets them free .
Paul VI was in no doubt that obstacles and forms of conditioning hold up development , but he was also certain that “ each one remains , whatever be these influences affecting him , the principal agent of his own success or failure . ” [ 39 ]
This freedom concerns the type of development we are considering , but it also affects situations of underdevelopment which are not due to chance or historical necessity , but are attributable to human responsibility .
This is why “ the peoples in hunger are making a dramatic appeal to the peoples blessed with abundance ” [ 40 ] .
This too is a vocation , a call addressed by free subjects to other free subjects in favour of an assumption of shared responsibility .
Paul VI had a keen sense of the importance of economic structures and institutions , but he had an equally clear sense of their nature as instruments of human freedom .
Only when it is free can development be integrally human ; only in a climate of responsible freedom can it grow in a satisfactory manner .
18 . Besides requiring freedom , integral human development as a vocation also demands respect for its truth .
The vocation to progress drives us to “ do more , know more and have more in order to be more ” [ 41 ] .
But herein lies the problem : what does it mean “ to be more ” ?
Paul VI answers the question by indicating the essential quality of “ authentic ” development : it must be “ integral , that is , it has to promote the good of every man and of the whole man ” [ 42 ] .
Amid the various competing anthropological visions put forward in today 's society , even more so than in Paul VI 's time , the Christian vision has the particular characteristic of asserting and justifying the unconditional value of the human person and the meaning of his growth .
The Christian vocation to development helps to promote the advancement of all men and of the whole man .
As Paul VI wrote : “ What we hold important is man , each man and each group of men , and we even include the whole of humanity ” [ 43 ] .
In promoting development , the Christian faith does not rely on privilege or positions of power , nor even on the merits of Christians ( even though these existed and continue to exist alongside their natural limitations ) [ 44 ] , but only on Christ , to whom every authentic vocation to integral human development must be directed .
The Gospel is fundamental for development , because in the Gospel , Christ , “ in the very revelation of the mystery of the Father and of his love , fully reveals humanity to itself ” [ 45 ] .
Taught by her Lord , the Church examines the signs of the times and interprets them , offering the world “ what she possesses as her characteristic attribute : a global vision of man and of the human race ” [ 46 ] .
Precisely because God gives a resounding “ yes ” to man [ 47 ] , man cannot fail to open himself to the divine vocation to pursue his own development .
The truth of development consists in its completeness : if it does not involve the whole man and every man , it is not true development .
This is the central message of Populorum Progressio , valid for today and for all time .
Integral human development on the natural plane , as a response to a vocation from God the Creator [ 48 ] , demands self - fulfilment in a “ transcendent humanism which gives [ to man ] his greatest possible perfection : this is the highest goal of personal development ” [ 49 ] .
The Christian vocation to this development therefore applies to both the natural plane and the supernatural plane ; which is why , “ when God is eclipsed , our ability to recognize the natural order , purpose and the ‘ good ' begins to wane ” [ 50 ] .
19 .
Finally , the vision of development as a vocation brings with it the central place of charity within that development .
Paul VI , in his Encyclical Letter Populorum Progressio , pointed out that the causes of underdevelopment are not primarily of the material order .
He invited us to search for them in other dimensions of the human person : first of all , in the will , which often neglects the duties of solidarity ; secondly in thinking , which does not always give proper direction to the will .
Hence , in the pursuit of development , there is a need for “ the deep thought and reflection of wise men in search of a new humanism which will enable modern man to find himself anew ” [ 51 ] .
But that is not all .
Underdevelopment has an even more important cause than lack of deep thought : it is “ the lack of brotherhood among individuals and peoples ” [ 52 ] .
Will it ever be possible to obtain this brotherhood by human effort alone ?
As society becomes ever more globalized , it makes us neighbours but does not make us brothers .
Reason , by itself , is capable of grasping the equality between men and of giving stability to their civic coexistence , but it cannot establish fraternity .
This originates in a transcendent vocation from God the Father , who loved us first , teaching us through the Son what fraternal charity is .
Paul VI , presenting the various levels in the process of human development , placed at the summit , after mentioning faith , “ unity in the charity of Christ who calls us all to share as sons in the life of the living God , the Father of all ” [ 53 ] .
20 .
These perspectives , which Populorum Progressio opens up , remain fundamental for giving breathing - space and direction to our commitment for the development of peoples .
Moreover , Populorum Progressio repeatedly underlines the urgent need for reform [ 54 ] , and in the face of great problems of injustice in the development of peoples , it calls for courageous action to be taken without delay .
This urgency is also a consequence of charity in truth .
It is Christ 's charity that drives us on : “ caritas Christi urget nos ” ( 2 Cor 5:14 ) .
The urgency is inscribed not only in things , it is not derived solely from the rapid succession of events and problems , but also from the very matter that is at stake : the establishment of authentic fraternity .
The importance of this goal is such as to demand our openness to understand it in depth and to mobilize ourselves at the level of the “ heart ” , so as to ensure that current economic and social processes evolve towards fully human outcomes .
CHAPTER TWO
HUMAN DEVELOPMENT
IN OUR TIME
21 . Paul VI had an articulated vision of development .
He understood the term to indicate the goal of rescuing peoples , first and foremost , from hunger , deprivation , endemic diseases and illiteracy .
From the economic point of view , this meant their active participation , on equal terms , in the international economic process ; from the social point of view , it meant their evolution into educated societies marked by solidarity ; from the political point of view , it meant the consolidation of democratic regimes capable of ensuring freedom and peace .
After so many years , as we observe with concern the developments and perspectives of the succession of crises that afflict the world today , we ask to what extent Paul VI 's expectations have been fulfilled by the model of development adopted in recent decades .
We recognize , therefore , that the Church had good reason to be concerned about the capacity of a purely technological society to set realistic goals and to make good use of the instruments at its disposal .
Profit is useful if it serves as a means towards an end that provides a sense both of how to produce it and how to make good use of it .
Once profit becomes the exclusive goal , if it is produced by improper means and without the common good as its ultimate end , it risks destroying wealth and creating poverty .
The economic development that Paul VI hoped to see was meant to produce real growth , of benefit to everyone and genuinely sustainable .
It is true that growth has taken place , and it continues to be a positive factor that has lifted billions of people out of misery — recently it has given many countries the possibility of becoming effective players in international politics .
Yet it must be acknowledged that this same economic growth has been and continues to be weighed down by malfunctions and dramatic problems , highlighted even further by the current crisis .
This presents us with choices that cannot be postponed concerning nothing less than the destiny of man , who , moreover , cannot prescind from his nature .
The technical forces in play , the global interrelations , the damaging effects on the real economy of badly managed and largely speculative financial dealing , large - scale migration of peoples , often provoked by some particular circumstance and then given insufficient attention , the unregulated exploitation of the earth 's resources : all this leads us today to reflect on the measures that would be necessary to provide a solution to problems that are not only new in comparison to those addressed by Pope Paul VI , but also , and above all , of decisive impact upon the present and future good of humanity .
The different aspects of the crisis , its solutions , and any new development that the future may bring , are increasingly interconnected , they imply one another , they require new efforts of holistic understanding and a new humanistic synthesis .
The complexity and gravity of the present economic situation rightly cause us concern , but we must adopt a realistic attitude as we take up with confidence and hope the new responsibilities to which we are called by the prospect of a world in need of profound cultural renewal , a world that needs to rediscover fundamental values on which to build a better future .
The current crisis obliges us to re-plan our journey , to set ourselves new rules and to discover new forms of commitment , to build on positive experiences and to reject negative ones .
The crisis thus becomes an opportunity for discernment , in which to shape a new vision for the future .
In this spirit , with confidence rather than resignation , it is appropriate to address the difficulties of the present time .
22 . Today the picture of development has many overlapping layers .
The actors and the causes in both underdevelopment and development are manifold , the faults and the merits are differentiated .
This fact should prompt us to liberate ourselves from ideologies , which often oversimplify reality in artificial ways , and it should lead us to examine objectively the full human dimension of the problems .
As John Paul II has already observed , the demarcation line between rich and poor countries is no longer as clear as it was at the time of Populorum Progressio [ 55 ] .
The world 's wealth is growing in absolute terms , but inequalities are on the increase .
In rich countries , new sectors of society are succumbing to poverty and new forms of poverty are emerging .
In poorer areas some groups enjoy a sort of “ superdevelopment ” of a wasteful and consumerist kind which forms an unacceptable contrast with the ongoing situations of dehumanizing deprivation .
“ The scandal of glaring inequalities ” [ 56 ] continues .
Corruption and illegality are unfortunately evident in the conduct of the economic and political class in rich countries , both old and new , as well as in poor ones .
Among those who sometimes fail to respect the human rights of workers are large multinational companies as well as local producers .
International aid has often been diverted from its proper ends , through irresponsible actions both within the chain of donors and within that of the beneficiaries .
Similarly , in the context of immaterial or cultural causes of development and underdevelopment , we find these same patterns of responsibility reproduced .
On the part of rich countries there is excessive zeal for protecting knowledge through an unduly rigid assertion of the right to intellectual property , especially in the field of health care .
At the same time , in some poor countries , cultural models and social norms of behaviour persist which hinder the process of development .
23 .
Many areas of the globe today have evolved considerably , albeit in problematical and disparate ways , thereby taking their place among the great powers destined to play important roles in the future .
Yet it should be stressed that progress of a merely economic and technological kind is insufficient .
Development needs above all to be true and integral .
The mere fact of emerging from economic backwardness , though positive in itself , does not resolve the complex issues of human advancement , neither for the countries that are spearheading such progress , nor for those that are already economically developed , nor even for those that are still poor , which can suffer not just through old forms of exploitation , but also from the negative consequences of a growth that is marked by irregularities and imbalances .
After the collapse of the economic and political systems of the Communist countries of Eastern Europe and the end of the so - called opposing blocs , a complete re-examination of development was needed .
Pope John Paul II called for it , when in 1987 he pointed to the existence of these blocs as one of the principal causes of underdevelopment [ 57 ] , inasmuch as politics withdrew resources from the economy and from the culture , and ideology inhibited freedom .
Moreover , in 1991 , after the events of 1989 , he asked that , in view of the ending of the blocs , there should be a comprehensive new plan for development , not only in those countries , but also in the West and in those parts of the world that were in the process of evolving [ 58 ] .
This has been achieved only in part , and it is still a real duty that needs to be discharged , perhaps by means of the choices that are necessary to overcome current economic problems .
24 .
The world that Paul VI had before him — even though society had already evolved to such an extent that he could speak of social issues in global terms — was still far less integrated than today 's world .
Economic activity and the political process were both largely conducted within the same geographical area , and could therefore feed off one another .
Production took place predominantly within national boundaries , and financial investments had somewhat limited circulation outside the country , so that the politics of many States could still determine the priorities of the economy and to some degree govern its performance using the instruments at their disposal .
Hence Populorum Progressio assigned a central , albeit not exclusive , role to “ public authorities ” [ 59 ] .
In our own day , the State finds itself having to address the limitations to its sovereignty imposed by the new context of international trade and finance , which is characterized by increasing mobility both of financial capital and means of production , material and immaterial .
This new context has altered the political power of States .
Today , as we take to heart the lessons of the current economic crisis , which sees the State 's public authorities directly involved in correcting errors and malfunctions , it seems more realistic to re-evaluate their role and their powers , which need to be prudently reviewed and remodelled so as to enable them , perhaps through new forms of engagement , to address the challenges of today 's world .
Once the role of public authorities has been more clearly defined , one could foresee an increase in the new forms of political participation , nationally and internationally , that have come about through the activity of organizations operating in civil society ; in this way it is to be hoped that the citizens ' interest and participation in the res publica will become more deeply rooted .
25 .
From the social point of view , systems of protection and welfare , already present in many countries in Paul VI 's day , are finding it hard and could find it even harder in the future to pursue their goals of true social justice in today 's profoundly changed environment .
The global market has stimulated first and foremost , on the part of rich countries , a search for areas in which to outsource production at low cost with a view to reducing the prices of many goods , increasing purchasing power and thus accelerating the rate of development in terms of greater availability of consumer goods for the domestic market .
Consequently , the market has prompted new forms of competition between States as they seek to attract foreign businesses to set up production centres , by means of a variety of instruments , including favourable fiscal regimes and deregulation of the labour market .
These processes have led to a downsizing of social security systems as the price to be paid for seeking greater competitive advantage in the global market , with consequent grave danger for the rights of workers , for fundamental human rights and for the solidarity associated with the traditional forms of the social State .
Systems of social security can lose the capacity to carry out their task , both in emerging countries and in those that were among the earliest to develop , as well as in poor countries .
Here budgetary policies , with cuts in social spending often made under pressure from international financial institutions , can leave citizens powerless in the face of old and new risks ; such powerlessness is increased by the lack of effective protection on the part of workers ' associations .
Through the combination of social and economic change , trade union organizations experience greater difficulty in carrying out their task of representing the interests of workers , partly because Governments , for reasons of economic utility , often limit the freedom or the negotiating capacity of labour unions .
Hence traditional networks of solidarity have more and more obstacles to overcome .
The repeated calls issued within the Church 's social doctrine , beginning with Rerum Novarum [ 60 ] , for the promotion of workers ' associations that can defend their rights must therefore be honoured today even more than in the past , as a prompt and far - sighted response to the urgent need for new forms of cooperation at the international level , as well as the local level .
The mobility of labour , associated with a climate of deregulation , is an important phenomenon with certain positive aspects , because it can stimulate wealth production and cultural exchange .
Nevertheless , uncertainty over working conditions caused by mobility and deregulation , when it becomes endemic , tends to create new forms of psychological instability , giving rise to difficulty in forging coherent life - plans , including that of marriage .
This leads to situations of human decline , to say nothing of the waste of social resources .
In comparison with the casualties of industrial society in the past , unemployment today provokes new forms of economic marginalization , and the current crisis can only make this situation worse .
Being out of work or dependent on public or private assistance for a prolonged period undermines the freedom and creativity of the person and his family and social relationships , causing great psychological and spiritual suffering .
I would like to remind everyone , especially governments engaged in boosting the world 's economic and social assets , that the primary capital to be safeguarded and valued is man , the human person in his or her integrity : “ Man is the source , the focus and the aim of all economic and social life ” [ 61 ] .
26 .
On the cultural plane , compared with Paul VI 's day , the difference is even more marked .
At that time cultures were relatively well defined and had greater opportunity to defend themselves against attempts to merge them into one .
Today the possibilities of interaction between cultures have increased significantly , giving rise to new openings for intercultural dialogue : a dialogue that , if it is to be effective , has to set out from a deep - seated knowledge of the specific identity of the various dialogue partners .
Let it not be forgotten that the increased commercialization of cultural exchange today leads to a twofold danger .
First , one may observe a cultural eclecticism that is often assumed uncritically : cultures are simply placed alongside one another and viewed as substantially equivalent and interchangeable .
This easily yields to a relativism that does not serve true intercultural dialogue ; on the social plane , cultural relativism has the effect that cultural groups coexist side by side , but remain separate , with no authentic dialogue and therefore with no true integration .
Secondly , the opposite danger exists , that of cultural levelling and indiscriminate acceptance of types of conduct and life - styles .
In this way one loses sight of the profound significance of the culture of different nations , of the traditions of the various peoples , by which the individual defines himself in relation to life 's fundamental questions [ 62 ] .
What eclecticism and cultural levelling have in common is the separation of culture from human nature .
Thus , cultures can no longer define themselves within a nature that transcends them [ 63 ] , and man ends up being reduced to a mere cultural statistic .
When this happens , humanity runs new risks of enslavement and manipulation .
27 . Life in many poor countries is still extremely insecure as a consequence of food shortages , and the situation could become worse : hunger still reaps enormous numbers of victims among those who , like Lazarus , are not permitted to take their place at the rich man 's table , contrary to the hopes expressed by Paul VI [ 64 ] .
Feed the hungry ( cf. Mt 25 : 35 , 37 , 42 ) is an ethical imperative for the universal Church , as she responds to the teachings of her Founder , the Lord Jesus , concerning solidarity and the sharing of goods .
Moreover , the elimination of world hunger has also , in the global era , become a requirement for safeguarding the peace and stability of the planet .
Hunger is not so much dependent on lack of material things as on shortage of social resources , the most important of which are institutional .
What is missing , in other words , is a network of economic institutions capable of guaranteeing regular access to sufficient food and water for nutritional needs , and also capable of addressing the primary needs and necessities ensuing from genuine food crises , whether due to natural causes or political irresponsibility , nationally and internationally .
The problem of food insecurity needs to be addressed within a long - term perspective , eliminating the structural causes that give rise to it and promoting the agricultural development of poorer countries .
This can be done by investing in rural infrastructures , irrigation systems , transport , organization of markets , and in the development and dissemination of agricultural technology that can make the best use of the human , natural and socio- economic resources that are more readily available at the local level , while guaranteeing their sustainability over the long term as well .
All this needs to be accomplished with the involvement of local communities in choices and decisions that affect the use of agricultural land .
In this perspective , it could be useful to consider the new possibilities that are opening up through proper use of traditional as well as innovative farming techniques , always assuming that these have been judged , after sufficient testing , to be appropriate , respectful of the environment and attentive to the needs of the most deprived peoples .
At the same time , the question of equitable agrarian reform in developing countries should not be ignored .
The right to food , like the right to water , has an important place within the pursuit of other rights , beginning with the fundamental right to life .
It is therefore necessary to cultivate a public conscience that considers food and access to water as universal rights of all human beings , without distinction or discrimination [ 65 ] .
It is important , moreover , to emphasize that solidarity with poor countries in the process of development can point towards a solution of the current global crisis , as politicians and directors of international institutions have begun to sense in recent times .
Through support for economically poor countries by means of financial plans inspired by solidarity — so that these countries can take steps to satisfy their own citizens ' demand for consumer goods and for development — not only can true economic growth be generated , but a contribution can be made towards sustaining the productive capacities of rich countries that risk being compromised by the crisis .
28 .
One of the most striking aspects of development in the present day is the important question of respect for life , which cannot in any way be detached from questions concerning the development of peoples .
It is an aspect which has acquired increasing prominence in recent times , obliging us to broaden our concept of poverty [ 66 ] and underdevelopment to include questions connected with the acceptance of life , especially in cases where it is impeded in a variety of ways .
Not only does the situation of poverty still provoke high rates of infant mortality in many regions , but some parts of the world still experience practices of demographic control , on the part of governments that often promote contraception and even go so far as to impose abortion .
In economically developed countries , legislation contrary to life is very widespread , and it has already shaped moral attitudes and praxis , contributing to the spread of an anti-birth mentality ; frequent attempts are made to export this mentality to other States as if it were a form of cultural progress .
Some non-governmental Organizations work actively to spread abortion , at times promoting the practice of sterilization in poor countries , in some cases not even informing the women concerned .
Moreover , there is reason to suspect that development aid is sometimes linked to specific health - care policies which de facto involve the imposition of strong birth control measures .
Further grounds for concern are laws permitting euthanasia as well as pressure from lobby groups , nationally and internationally , in favour of its juridical recognition .
Openness to life is at the centre of true development .
When a society moves towards the denial or suppression of life , it ends up no longer finding the necessary motivation and energy to strive for man 's true good .
If personal and social sensitivity towards the acceptance of a new life is lost , then other forms of acceptance that are valuable for society also wither away [ 67 ] .
The acceptance of life strengthens moral fibre and makes people capable of mutual help .
By cultivating openness to life , wealthy peoples can better understand the needs of poor ones , they can avoid employing huge economic and intellectual resources to satisfy the selfish desires of their own citizens , and instead , they can promote virtuous action within the perspective of production that is morally sound and marked by solidarity , respecting the fundamental right to life of every people and every individual .
29 .
There is another aspect of modern life that is very closely connected to development : the denial of the right to religious freedom .
I am not referring simply to the struggles and conflicts that continue to be fought in the world for religious motives , even if at times the religious motive is merely a cover for other reasons , such as the desire for domination and wealth .
Today , in fact , people frequently kill in the holy name of God , as both my predecessor John Paul II and I myself have often publicly acknowledged and lamented [ 68 ] .
Violence puts the brakes on authentic development and impedes the evolution of peoples towards greater socio-economic and spiritual well - being .
This applies especially to terrorism motivated by fundamentalism [ 69 ] , which generates grief , destruction and death , obstructs dialogue between nations and diverts extensive resources from their peaceful and civil uses .
Yet it should be added that , as well as religious fanaticism that in some contexts impedes the exercise of the right to religious freedom , so too the deliberate promotion of religious indifference or practical atheism on the part of many countries obstructs the requirements for the development of peoples , depriving them of spiritual and human resources .
God is the guarantor of man 's true development , inasmuch as , having created him in his image , he also establishes the transcendent dignity of men and women and feeds their innate yearning to “ be more ” .
Man is not a lost atom in a random universe [ 70 ] : he is God 's creature , whom God chose to endow with an immortal soul and whom he has always loved .
If man were merely the fruit of either chance or necessity , or if he had to lower his aspirations to the limited horizon of the world in which he lives , if all reality were merely history and culture , and man did not possess a nature destined to transcend itself in a supernatural life , then one could speak of growth , or evolution , but not development .
When the State promotes , teaches , or actually imposes forms of practical atheism , it deprives its citizens of the moral and spiritual strength that is indispensable for attaining integral human development and it impedes them from moving forward with renewed dynamism as they strive to offer a more generous human response to divine love [ 71 ] .
In the context of cultural , commercial or political relations , it also sometimes happens that economically developed or emerging countries export this reductive vision of the person and his destiny to poor countries .
This is the damage that “ superdevelopment ” [ 72 ] causes to authentic development when it is accompanied by “ moral underdevelopment ” [ 73 ] .
30 .
In this context , the theme of integral human development takes on an even broader range of meanings : the correlation between its multiple elements requires a commitment to foster the interaction of the different levels of human knowledge in order to promote the authentic development of peoples .
Often it is thought that development , or the socio- economic measures that go with it , merely require to be implemented through joint action .
This joint action , however , needs to be given direction , because “ all social action involves a doctrine ” [ 74 ] .
In view of the complexity of the issues , it is obvious that the various disciplines have to work together through an orderly interdisciplinary exchange .
Charity does not exclude knowledge , but rather requires , promotes , and animates it from within .
Knowledge is never purely the work of the intellect .
It can certainly be reduced to calculation and experiment , but if it aspires to be wisdom capable of directing man in the light of his first beginnings and his final ends , it must be “ seasoned ” with the “ salt ” of charity .
Deeds without knowledge are blind , and knowledge without love is sterile .
Indeed , “ the individual who is animated by true charity labours skilfully to discover the causes of misery , to find the means to combat it , to overcome it resolutely ” [ 75 ] .
Faced with the phenomena that lie before us , charity in truth requires first of all that we know and understand , acknowledging and respecting the specific competence of every level of knowledge .
Charity is not an added extra , like an appendix to work already concluded in each of the various disciplines : it engages them in dialogue from the very beginning .
The demands of love do not contradict those of reason .
Human knowledge is insufficient and the conclusions of science cannot indicate by themselves the path towards integral human development .
There is always a need to push further ahead : this is what is required by charity in truth [ 76 ] .
Going beyond , however , never means prescinding from the conclusions of reason , nor contradicting its results .
Intelligence and love are not in separate compartments : love is rich in intelligence and intelligence is full of love .
31 . This means that moral evaluation and scientific research must go hand in hand , and that charity must animate them in a harmonious interdisciplinary whole , marked by unity and distinction .
The Church 's social doctrine , which has “ an important interdisciplinary dimension ” [ 77 ] , can exercise , in this perspective , a function of extraordinary effectiveness .
It allows faith , theology , metaphysics and science to come together in a collaborative effort in the service of humanity .
It is here above all that the Church 's social doctrine displays its dimension of wisdom .
Paul VI had seen clearly that among the causes of underdevelopment there is a lack of wisdom and reflection , a lack of thinking capable of formulating a guiding synthesis [ 78 ] , for which “ a clear vision of all economic , social , cultural and spiritual aspects ” [ 79 ] is required .
The excessive segmentation of knowledge [ 80 ] , the rejection of metaphysics by the human sciences [ 81 ] , the difficulties encountered by dialogue between science and theology are damaging not only to the development of knowledge , but also to the development of peoples , because these things make it harder to see the integral good of man in its various dimensions .
The “ broadening [ of ] our concept of reason and its application ” [ 82 ] is indispensable if we are to succeed in adequately weighing all the elements involved in the question of development and in the solution of socio-economic problems .
32 . The significant new elements in the picture of the development of peoples today in many cases demand new solutions .
These need to be found together , respecting the laws proper to each element and in the light of an integral vision of man , reflecting the different aspects of the human person , contemplated through a lens purified by charity .
Remarkable convergences and possible solutions will then come to light , without any fundamental component of human life being obscured .
The dignity of the individual and the demands of justice require , particularly today , that economic choices do not cause disparities in wealth to increase in an excessive and morally unacceptable manner [ 83 ] , and that we continue to prioritize the goal of access to steady employment for everyone .
All things considered , this is also required by “ economic logic ” .
Through the systemic increase of social inequality , both within a single country and between the populations of different countries ( i.e. the massive increase in relative poverty ) , not only does social cohesion suffer , thereby placing democracy at risk , but so too does the economy , through the progressive erosion of “ social capital ” : the network of relationships of trust , dependability , and respect for rules , all of which are indispensable for any form of civil coexistence .
Economic science tells us that structural insecurity generates anti-productive attitudes wasteful of human resources , inasmuch as workers tend to adapt passively to automatic mechanisms , rather than to release creativity .
On this point too , there is a convergence between economic science and moral evaluation .
Human costs always include economic costs , and economic dysfunctions always involve human costs .
It should be remembered that the reduction of cultures to the technological dimension , even if it favours short - term profits , in the long term impedes reciprocal enrichment and the dynamics of cooperation .
It is important to distinguish between short - and long - term economic or sociological considerations .
Lowering the level of protection accorded to the rights of workers , or abandoning mechanisms of wealth redistribution in order to increase the country 's international competitiveness , hinder the achievement of lasting development .
Moreover , the human consequences of current tendencies towards a short - term economy — sometimes very short - term — need to be carefully evaluated .
This requires further and deeper reflection on the meaning of the economy and its goals [ 84 ] , as well as a profound and far - sighted revision of the current model of development , so as to correct its dysfunctions and deviations .
This is demanded , in any case , by the earth 's state of ecological health ; above all it is required by the cultural and moral crisis of man , the symptoms of which have been evident for some time all over the world .
33 .
More than forty years after Populorum Progressio , its basic theme , namely progress , remains an open question , made all the more acute and urgent by the current economic and financial crisis .
If some areas of the globe , with a history of poverty , have experienced remarkable changes in terms of their economic growth and their share in world production , other zones are still living in a situation of deprivation comparable to that which existed at the time of Paul VI , and in some cases one can even speak of a deterioration .
It is significant that some of the causes of this situation were identified in Populorum Progressio , such as the high tariffs imposed by economically developed countries , which still make it difficult for the products of poor countries to gain a foothold in the markets of rich countries .
Other causes , however , mentioned only in passing in the Encyclical , have since emerged with greater clarity .
A case in point would be the evaluation of the process of decolonization , then at its height .
Paul VI hoped to see the journey towards autonomy unfold freely and in peace .
More than forty years later , we must acknowledge how difficult this journey has been , both because of new forms of colonialism and continued dependence on old and new foreign powers , and because of grave irresponsibility within the very countries that have achieved independence .
The principal new feature has been the explosion of worldwide interdependence , commonly known as globalization .
Paul VI had partially foreseen it , but the ferocious pace at which it has evolved could not have been anticipated .
Originating within economically developed countries , this process by its nature has spread to include all economies .
It has been the principal driving force behind the emergence from underdevelopment of whole regions , and in itself it represents a great opportunity .
Nevertheless , without the guidance of charity in truth , this global force could cause unprecedented damage and create new divisions within the human family .
Hence charity and truth confront us with an altogether new and creative challenge , one that is certainly vast and complex .
It is about broadening the scope of reason and making it capable of knowing and directing these powerful new forces , animating them within the perspective of that “ civilization of love ” whose seed God has planted in every people , in every culture .
CHAPTER THREE
FRATERNITY , ECONOMIC
DEVELOPMENT AND CIVIL SOCIETY
34 . Charity in truth places man before the astonishing experience of gift .
Gratuitousness is present in our lives in many different forms , which often go unrecognized because of a purely consumerist and utilitarian view of life .
The human being is made for gift , which expresses and makes present his transcendent dimension .
Sometimes modern man is wrongly convinced that he is the sole author of himself , his life and society .
This is a presumption that follows from being selfishly closed in upon himself , and it is a consequence — to express it in faith terms — of original sin .
The Church 's wisdom has always pointed to the presence of original sin in social conditions and in the structure of society : “ Ignorance of the fact that man has a wounded nature inclined to evil gives rise to serious errors in the areas of education , politics , social action and morals ” [ 85 ] .
In the list of areas where the pernicious effects of sin are evident , the economy has been included for some time now .
We have a clear proof of this at the present time .
The conviction that man is self - sufficient and can successfully eliminate the evil present in history by his own action alone has led him to confuse happiness and salvation with immanent forms of material prosperity and social action .
Then , the conviction that the economy must be autonomous , that it must be shielded from “ influences ” of a moral character , has led man to abuse the economic process in a thoroughly destructive way .
In the long term , these convictions have led to economic , social and political systems that trample upon personal and social freedom , and are therefore unable to deliver the justice that they promise .
As I said in my Encyclical Letter Spe Salvi , history is thereby deprived of Christian hope [ 86 ] , deprived of a powerful social resource at the service of integral human development , sought in freedom and in justice .
Hope encourages reason and gives it the strength to direct the will [ 87 ] .
It is already present in faith , indeed it is called forth by faith .
Charity in truth feeds on hope and , at the same time , manifests it .
As the absolutely gratuitous gift of God , hope bursts into our lives as something not due to us , something that transcends every law of justice .
Gift by its nature goes beyond merit , its rule is that of superabundance .
It takes first place in our souls as a sign of God 's presence in us , a sign of what he expects from us .
Truth — which is itself gift , in the same way as charity — is greater than we are , as Saint Augustine teaches [ 88 ] .
Likewise the truth of ourselves , of our personal conscience , is first of all given to us .
In every cognitive process , truth is not something that we produce , it is always found , or better , received .
Truth , like love , “ is neither planned nor willed , but somehow imposes itself upon human beings ” [ 89 ] .
Because it is a gift received by everyone , charity in truth is a force that builds community , it brings all people together without imposing barriers or limits .
The human community that we build by ourselves can never , purely by its own strength , be a fully fraternal community , nor can it overcome every division and become a truly universal community .
The unity of the human race , a fraternal communion transcending every barrier , is called into being by the word of God - who - is - Love .
In addressing this key question , we must make it clear , on the one hand , that the logic of gift does not exclude justice , nor does it merely sit alongside it as a second element added from without ; on the other hand , economic , social and political development , if it is to be authentically human , needs to make room for the principle of gratuitousness as an expression of fraternity .
35 .
In a climate of mutual trust , the market is the economic institution that permits encounter between persons , inasmuch as they are economic subjects who make use of contracts to regulate their relations as they exchange goods and services of equivalent value between them , in order to satisfy their needs and desires .
The market is subject to the principles of so - called commutative justice , which regulates the relations of giving and receiving between parties to a transaction .
But the social doctrine of the Church has unceasingly highlighted the importance of distributive justice and social justice for the market economy , not only because it belongs within a broader social and political context , but also because of the wider network of relations within which it operates .
In fact , if the market is governed solely by the principle of the equivalence in value of exchanged goods , it cannot produce the social cohesion that it requires in order to function well .
Without internal forms of solidarity and mutual trust , the market cannot completely fulfil its proper economic function .
And today it is this trust which has ceased to exist , and the loss of trust is a grave loss .
It was timely when Paul VI in Populorum Progressio insisted that the economic system itself would benefit from the wide - ranging practice of justice , inasmuch as the first to gain from the development of poor countries would be rich ones [ 90 ] .
According to the Pope , it was not just a matter of correcting dysfunctions through assistance .
The poor are not to be considered a “ burden ” [ 91 ] , but a resource , even from the purely economic point of view .
It is nevertheless erroneous to hold that the market economy has an inbuilt need for a quota of poverty and underdevelopment in order to function at its best .
It is in the interests of the market to promote emancipation , but in order to do so effectively , it can not rely only on itself , because it is not able to produce by itself something that lies outside its competence .
It must draw its moral energies from other subjects that are capable of generating them .
36 . Economic activity cannot solve all social problems through the simple application of commercial logic .
This needs to be directed towards the pursuit of the common good , for which the political community in particular must also take responsibility .
Therefore , it must be borne in mind that grave imbalances are produced when economic action , conceived merely as an engine for wealth creation , is detached from political action , conceived as a means for pursuing justice through redistribution .
The Church has always held that economic action is not to be regarded as something opposed to society .
In and of itself , the market is not , and must not become , the place where the strong subdue the weak .
Society does not have to protect itself from the market , as if the development of the latter were ipso facto to entail the death of authentically human relations .
Admittedly , the market can be a negative force , not because it is so by nature , but because a certain ideology can make it so .
It must be remembered that the market does not exist in the pure state .
It is shaped by the cultural configurations which define it and give it direction .
Economy and finance , as instruments , can be used badly when those at the helm are motivated by purely selfish ends .
Instruments that are good in themselves can thereby be transformed into harmful ones .
But it is man 's darkened reason that produces these consequences , not the instrument per se .
Therefore it is not the instrument that must be called to account , but individuals , their moral conscience and their personal and social responsibility .
The Church 's social doctrine holds that authentically human social relationships of friendship , solidarity and reciprocity can also be conducted within economic activity , and not only outside it or “ after ” it .
The economic sphere is neither ethically neutral , nor inherently inhuman and opposed to society .
It is part and parcel of human activity and precisely because it is human , it must be structured and governed in an ethical manner .
The great challenge before us , accentuated by the problems of development in this global era and made even more urgent by the economic and financial crisis , is to demonstrate , in thinking and behaviour , not only that traditional principles of social ethics like transparency , honesty and responsibility cannot be ignored or attenuated , but also that in commercial relationships the principle of gratuitousness and the logic of gift as an expression of fraternity can and must find their place within normal economic activity .
This is a human demand at the present time , but it is also demanded by economic logic .
It is a demand both of charity and of truth .
37 . The Church 's social doctrine has always maintained that justice must be applied to every phase of economic activity , because this is always concerned with man and his needs .
Locating resources , financing , production , consumption and all the other phases in the economic cycle inevitably have moral implications .
Thus every economic decision has a moral consequence .
The social sciences and the direction taken by the contemporary economy point to the same conclusion .
Perhaps at one time it was conceivable that first the creation of wealth could be entrusted to the economy , and then the task of distributing it could be assigned to politics .
Today that would be more difficult , given that economic activity is no longer circumscribed within territorial limits , while the authority of governments continues to be principally local .
Hence the canons of justice must be respected from the outset , as the economic process unfolds , and not just afterwards or incidentally .
Space also needs to be created within the market for economic activity carried out by subjects who freely choose to act according to principles other than those of pure profit , without sacrificing the production of economic value in the process .
The many economic entities that draw their origin from religious and lay initiatives demonstrate that this is concretely possible .
In the global era , the economy is influenced by competitive models tied to cultures that differ greatly among themselves .
The different forms of economic enterprise to which they give rise find their main point of encounter in commutative justice .
Economic life undoubtedly requires contracts , in order to regulate relations of exchange between goods of equivalent value .
But it also needs just laws and forms of redistribution governed by politics , and what is more , it needs works redolent of the spirit of gift .
The economy in the global era seems to privilege the former logic , that of contractual exchange , but directly or indirectly it also demonstrates its need for the other two : political logic , and the logic of the unconditional gift .
38 . My predecessor John Paul II drew attention to this question in Centesimus Annus , when he spoke of the need for a system with three subjects : the market , the State and civil society [ 92 ] .
He saw civil society as the most natural setting for an economy of gratuitousness and fraternity , but did not mean to deny it a place in the other two settings .
Today we can say that economic life must be understood as a multi- layered phenomenon : in every one of these layers , to varying degrees and in ways specifically suited to each , the aspect of fraternal reciprocity must be present .
In the global era , economic activity cannot prescind from gratuitousness , which fosters and disseminates solidarity and responsibility for justice and the common good among the different economic players .
It is clearly a specific and profound form of economic democracy .
Solidarity is first and foremost a sense of responsibility on the part of everyone with regard to everyone [ 93 ] , and it cannot therefore be merely delegated to the State .
While in the past it was possible to argue that justice had to come first and gratuitousness could follow afterwards , as a complement , today it is clear that without gratuitousness , there can be no justice in the first place .
What is needed , therefore , is a market that permits the free operation , in conditions of equal opportunity , of enterprises in pursuit of different institutional ends .
Alongside profit - oriented private enterprise and the various types of public enterprise , there must be room for commercial entities based on mutualist principles and pursuing social ends to take root and express themselves .
It is from their reciprocal encounter in the marketplace that one may expect hybrid forms of commercial behaviour to emerge , and hence an attentiveness to ways of civilizing the economy .
Charity in truth , in this case , requires that shape and structure be given to those types of economic initiative which , without rejecting profit , aim at a higher goal than the mere logic of the exchange of equivalents , of profit as an end in itself .
39 .
Paul VI in Populorum Progressio called for the creation of a model of market economy capable of including within its range all peoples and not just the better off .
He called for efforts to build a more human world for all , a world in which “ all will be able to give and receive , without one group making progress at the expense of the other ” [ 94 ] .
In this way he was applying on a global scale the insights and aspirations contained in Rerum Novarum , written when , as a result of the Industrial Revolution , the idea was first proposed — somewhat ahead of its time — that the civil order , for its self - regulation , also needed intervention from the State for purposes of redistribution .
Not only is this vision threatened today by the way in which markets and societies are opening up , but it is evidently insufficient to satisfy the demands of a fully humane economy .
What the Church 's social doctrine has always sustained , on the basis of its vision of man and society , is corroborated today by the dynamics of globalization .
When both the logic of the market and the logic of the State come to an agreement that each will continue to exercise a monopoly over its respective area of influence , in the long term much is lost : solidarity in relations between citizens , participation and adherence , actions of gratuitousness , all of which stand in contrast with giving in order to acquire ( the logic of exchange ) and giving through duty ( the logic of public obligation , imposed by State law ) .
In order to defeat underdevelopment , action is required not only on improving exchange - based transactions and implanting public welfare structures , but above all on gradually increasing openness , in a world context , to forms of economic activity marked by quotas of gratuitousness and communion .
The exclusively binary model of market - plus - State is corrosive of society , while economic forms based on solidarity , which find their natural home in civil society without being restricted to it , build up society .
The market of gratuitousness does not exist , and attitudes of gratuitousness cannot be established by law .
Yet both the market and politics need individuals who are open to reciprocal gift .
40 . Today 's international economic scene , marked by grave deviations and failures , requires a profoundly new way of understanding business enterprise .
Old models are disappearing , but promising new ones are taking shape on the horizon .
Without doubt , one of the greatest risks for businesses is that they are almost exclusively answerable to their investors , thereby limiting their social value .
Owing to their growth in scale and the need for more and more capital , it is becoming increasingly rare for business enterprises to be in the hands of a stable director who feels responsible in the long term , not just the short term , for the life and the results of his company , and it is becoming increasingly rare for businesses to depend on a single territory .
Moreover , the so - called outsourcing of production can weaken the company 's sense of responsibility towards the stakeholders — namely the workers , the suppliers , the consumers , the natural environment and broader society — in favour of the shareholders , who are not tied to a specific geographical area and who therefore enjoy extraordinary mobility .
Today 's international capital market offers great freedom of action .
Yet there is also increasing awareness of the need for greater social responsibility on the part of business .
Even if the ethical considerations that currently inform debate on the social responsibility of the corporate world are not all acceptable from the perspective of the Church 's social doctrine , there is nevertheless a growing conviction that business management cannot concern itself only with the interests of the proprietors , but must also assume responsibility for all the other stakeholders who contribute to the life of the business : the workers , the clients , the suppliers of various elements of production , the community of reference .
In recent years a new cosmopolitan class of managers has emerged , who are often answerable only to the shareholders generally consisting of anonymous funds which de facto determine their remuneration .
By contrast , though , many far - sighted managers today are becoming increasingly aware of the profound links between their enterprise and the territory or territories in which it operates .
Paul VI invited people to give serious attention to the damage that can be caused to one 's home country by the transfer abroad of capital purely for personal advantage [ 95 ] .
John Paul II taught that investment always has moral , as well as economic significance [ 96 ] .
All this — it should be stressed — is still valid today , despite the fact that the capital market has been significantly liberalized , and modern technological thinking can suggest that investment is merely a technical act , not a human and ethical one .
There is no reason to deny that a certain amount of capital can do good , if invested abroad rather than at home .
Yet the requirements of justice must be safeguarded , with due consideration for the way in which the capital was generated and the harm to individuals that will result if it is not used where it was produced [ 97 ] .
What should be avoided is a speculative use of financial resources that yields to the temptation of seeking only short - term profit , without regard for the long - term sustainability of the enterprise , its benefit to the real economy and attention to the advancement , in suitable and appropriate ways , of further economic initiatives in countries in need of development .
It is true that the export of investments and skills can benefit the populations of the receiving country .
Labour and technical knowledge are a universal good .
Yet it is not right to export these things merely for the sake of obtaining advantageous conditions , or worse , for purposes of exploitation , without making a real contribution to local society by helping to bring about a robust productive and social system , an essential factor for stable development .
41 . In the context of this discussion , it is helpful to observe that business enterprise involves a wide range of values , becoming wider all the time .
The continuing hegemony of the binary model of market - plus - State has accustomed us to think only in terms of the private business leader of a capitalistic bent on the one hand , and the State director on the other .
In reality , business has to be understood in an articulated way .
There are a number of reasons , of a meta- economic kind , for saying this .
Business activity has a human significance , prior to its professional one [ 98 ] .
It is present in all work , understood as a personal action , an “ actus personae ” [ 99 ] , which is why every worker should have the chance to make his contribution knowing that in some way “ he is working ‘ for himself ' ” [ 100 ] .
With good reason , Paul VI taught that “ everyone who works is a creator ” [ 101 ] .
It is in response to the needs and the dignity of the worker , as well as the needs of society , that there exist various types of business enterprise , over and above the simple distinction between “ private ” and “ public ” .
Each of them requires and expresses a specific business capacity .
In order to construct an economy that will soon be in a position to serve the national and global common good , it is appropriate to take account of this broader significance of business activity .
It favours cross-fertilization between different types of business activity , with shifting of competences from the “ non- profit ” world to the “ profit ” world and vice versa , from the public world to that of civil society , from advanced economies to developing countries .
Political authority also involves a wide range of values , which must not be overlooked in the process of constructing a new order of economic productivity , socially responsible and human in scale .
As well as cultivating differentiated forms of business activity on the global plane , we must also promote a dispersed political authority , effective on different levels .
The integrated economy of the present day does not make the role of States redundant , but rather it commits governments to greater collaboration with one another .
Both wisdom and prudence suggest not being too precipitous in declaring the demise of the State .
In terms of the resolution of the current crisis , the State 's role seems destined to grow , as it regains many of its competences .
In some nations , moreover , the construction or reconstruction of the State remains a key factor in their development .
The focus of international aid , within a solidarity - based plan to resolve today 's economic problems , should rather be on consolidating constitutional , juridical and administrative systems in countries that do not yet fully enjoy these goods .
Alongside economic aid , there needs to be aid directed towards reinforcing the guarantees proper to the State of law : a system of public order and effective imprisonment that respects human rights , truly democratic institutions .
The State does not need to have identical characteristics everywhere : the support aimed at strengthening weak constitutional systems can easily be accompanied by the development of other political players , of a cultural , social , territorial or religious nature , alongside the State .
The articulation of political authority at the local , national and international levels is one of the best ways of giving direction to the process of economic globalization .
It is also the way to ensure that it does not actually undermine the foundations of democracy .
42 . Sometimes globalization is viewed in fatalistic terms , as if the dynamics involved were the product of anonymous impersonal forces or structures independent of the human will [ 102 ] .
In this regard it is useful to remember that while globalization should certainly be understood as a socio- economic process , this is not its only dimension .
Underneath the more visible process , humanity itself is becoming increasingly interconnected ; it is made up of individuals and peoples to whom this process should offer benefits and development [ 103 ] , as they assume their respective responsibilities , singly and collectively .
The breaking - down of borders is not simply a material fact : it is also a cultural event both in its causes and its effects .
If globalization is viewed from a deterministic standpoint , the criteria with which to evaluate and direct it are lost .
As a human reality , it is the product of diverse cultural tendencies , which need to be subjected to a process of discernment .
The truth of globalization as a process and its fundamental ethical criterion are given by the unity of the human family and its development towards what is good .
Hence a sustained commitment is needed so as to promote a person - based and community - oriented cultural process of world - wide integration that is open to transcendence .
Despite some of its structural elements , which should neither be denied nor exaggerated , “ globalization , a priori , is neither good nor bad .
It will be what people make of it ” [ 104 ] .
We should not be its victims , but rather its protagonists , acting in the light of reason , guided by charity and truth .
Blind opposition would be a mistaken and prejudiced attitude , incapable of recognizing the positive aspects of the process , with the consequent risk of missing the chance to take advantage of its many opportunities for development .
The processes of globalization , suitably understood and directed , open up the unprecedented possibility of large - scale redistribution of wealth on a world - wide scale ; if badly directed , however , they can lead to an increase in poverty and inequality , and could even trigger a global crisis .
It is necessary to correct the malfunctions , some of them serious , that cause new divisions between peoples and within peoples , and also to ensure that the redistribution of wealth does not come about through the redistribution or increase of poverty : a real danger if the present situation were to be badly managed .
For a long time it was thought that poor peoples should remain at a fixed stage of development , and should be content to receive assistance from the philanthropy of developed peoples .
Paul VI strongly opposed this mentality in Populorum Progressio .
Today the material resources available for rescuing these peoples from poverty are potentially greater than before , but they have ended up largely in the hands of people from developed countries , who have benefited more from the liberalization that has occurred in the mobility of capital and labour .
The world - wide diffusion of forms of prosperity should not therefore be held up by projects that are self - centred , protectionist or at the service of private interests .
Indeed the involvement of emerging or developing countries allows us to manage the crisis better today .
The transition inherent in the process of globalization presents great difficulties and dangers that can only be overcome if we are able to appropriate the underlying anthropological and ethical spirit that drives globalization towards the humanizing goal of solidarity .
Unfortunately this spirit is often overwhelmed or suppressed by ethical and cultural considerations of an individualistic and utilitarian nature .
Globalization is a multifaceted and complex phenomenon which must be grasped in the diversity and unity of all its different dimensions , including the theological dimension .
In this way it will be possible to experience and to steer the globalization of humanity in relational terms , in terms of communion and the sharing of goods .
CHAPTER FOUR
THE DEVELOPMENT OF PEOPLE
RIGHTS AND DUTIES
THE ENVIRONMENT
43 .
“ The reality of human solidarity , which is a benefit for us , also imposes a duty ” [ 105 ] .
Many people today would claim that they owe nothing to anyone , except to themselves .
They are concerned only with their rights , and they often have great difficulty in taking responsibility for their own and other people 's integral development .
Hence it is important to call for a renewed reflection on how rights presuppose duties , if they are not to become mere licence [ 106 ] .
Nowadays we are witnessing a grave inconsistency .
On the one hand , appeals are made to alleged rights , arbitrary and non-essential in nature , accompanied by the demand that they be recognized and promoted by public structures , while , on the other hand , elementary and basic rights remain unacknowledged and are violated in much of the world [ 107 ] .
A link has often been noted between claims to a “ right to excess ” , and even to transgression and vice , within affluent societies , and the lack of food , drinkable water , basic instruction and elementary health care in areas of the underdeveloped world and on the outskirts of large metropolitan centres .
The link consists in this : individual rights , when detached from a framework of duties which grants them their full meaning , can run wild , leading to an escalation of demands which is effectively unlimited and indiscriminate .
An overemphasis on rights leads to a disregard for duties .
Duties set a limit on rights because they point to the anthropological and ethical framework of which rights are a part , in this way ensuring that they do not become licence .
Duties thereby reinforce rights and call for their defence and promotion as a task to be undertaken in the service of the common good .
Otherwise , if the only basis of human rights is to be found in the deliberations of an assembly of citizens , those rights can be changed at any time , and so the duty to respect and pursue them fades from the common consciousness .
Governments and international bodies can then lose sight of the objectivity and “ inviolability ” of rights .
When this happens , the authentic development of peoples is endangered [ 108 ] .
Such a way of thinking and acting compromises the authority of international bodies , especially in the eyes of those countries most in need of development .
Indeed , the latter demand that the international community take up the duty of helping them to be “ artisans of their own destiny ” [ 109 ] , that is , to take up duties of their own .
The sharing of reciprocal duties is a more powerful incentive to action than the mere assertion of rights .
44 .
The notion of rights and duties in development must also take account of the problems associated with population growth .
This is a very important aspect of authentic development , since it concerns the inalienable values of life and the family [ 110 ] .
To consider population increase as the primary cause of underdevelopment is mistaken , even from an economic point of view .
Suffice it to consider , on the one hand , the significant reduction in infant mortality and the rise in average life expectancy found in economically developed countries , and on the other hand , the signs of crisis observable in societies that are registering an alarming decline in their birth rate .
Due attention must obviously be given to responsible procreation , which among other things has a positive contribution to make to integral human development .
The Church , in her concern for man 's authentic development , urges him to have full respect for human values in the exercise of his sexuality .
It can not be reduced merely to pleasure or entertainment , nor can sex education be reduced to technical instruction aimed solely at protecting the interested parties from possible disease or the “ risk ” of procreation .
This would be to impoverish and disregard the deeper meaning of sexuality , a meaning which needs to be acknowledged and responsibly appropriated not only by individuals but also by the community .
It is irresponsible to view sexuality merely as a source of pleasure , and likewise to regulate it through strategies of mandatory birth control .
In either case materialistic ideas and policies are at work , and individuals are ultimately subjected to various forms of violence .
Against such policies , there is a need to defend the primary competence of the family in the area of sexuality [ 111 ] , as opposed to the State and its restrictive policies , and to ensure that parents are suitably prepared to undertake their responsibilities .
Morally responsible openness to life represents a rich social and economic resource .
Populous nations have been able to emerge from poverty thanks not least to the size of their population and the talents of their people .
On the other hand , formerly prosperous nations are presently passing through a phase of uncertainty and in some cases decline , precisely because of their falling birth rates ; this has become a crucial problem for highly affluent societies .
The decline in births , falling at times beneath the so - called “ replacement level ” , also puts a strain on social welfare systems , increases their cost , eats into savings and hence the financial resources needed for investment , reduces the availability of qualified labourers , and narrows the “ brain pool ” upon which nations can draw for their needs .
Furthermore , smaller and at times miniscule families run the risk of impoverishing social relations , and failing to ensure effective forms of solidarity .
These situations are symptomatic of scant confidence in the future and moral weariness .
It is thus becoming a social and even economic necessity once more to hold up to future generations the beauty of marriage and the family , and the fact that these institutions correspond to the deepest needs and dignity of the person .
In view of this , States are called to enact policies promoting the centrality and the integrity of the family founde
