VANCOUVER , British Columbia —
As the Olympics have progressed and the warm and dry weather has continued , boisterous crowds have continued to grow late at night downtown .
So much so that the Vancouver police are becoming alarmed .
At the request of police , British Columbia ’s liquor board ordered liquor stores to close at 7 p.m. on Saturday in a bid to reduce the increasingly large number of obviously drunk people making noise and sometimes fighting with each other in the city ’s center .
“ The strategy behind this is to stop the supply of alcohol to the streets , ” Constable Jana McGuinness said in a statement .
“ We are seeing people replenishing their stock at nearby liquor stores and then openly consuming the liquor in the streets . ”
She added , “ We are encouraging people to enjoy the Olympic experience but to do so responsibly by leaving the alcohol at home . ”
As Saturday night became Sunday morning , there was little evidence that the early liquor store closings had improved the situation .
If anything , the crowds appeared to have reached even higher numbers along Granville Street , which has been the epicenter of Olympic partying .
Some of it has been closed to traffic for the duration of the Olympics while its remainder has been shut most nights to accommodate crowds spilling out of its numerous bars and nightclubs .
It was also not apparent that the early liquor store closings had brought sobriety to the gathering .
Saturday also saw an expansion of the increased police presence that began on Friday .
Police from the Integrated Security Unit , a force of officers from across Canada led by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police , are now assisting the local force .
A police helicopter which tracked protesters a week ago hovered over downtown through the night and into the early morning .
And police officers on horseback were on the scene .
Outside a nightclub two handcuffed men , one with a bloody nose , sat on the road and were surrounded by about a half dozen police officers .
Most of the revelers were well under 30 and a significant number seem to be very intoxicated .
A stroll through downtown near midnight saw several young men urinating in public , numerous people drunk to the point where they needed support from friends to stay standing and two women who said they were not feeling well who certainly looked the part .
The situation was a contrast with Whistler , the town hosting the downhill skiing and sliding events , earlier Saturday night .
Its crowds of Olympic celebrants , which were proportionately just as large , spanned a wider range of ages .
Although the village center was congested , obvious drunks were a minority .
Earlier in the day , Gregor Robertson , the mayor of Vancouver , asked his citizens not to create the impression that they lived in a city of rowdy inebriants .
“ The spotlight is on us as we celebrate with guests from around the world , ” Robertson said in a statement .
“ We want to ensure the memories people take home are ones of a great time in a wonderful city . ”
Adding to the tensions on Saturday was a long predicted overload of the Canada Line subway system , which was built in part to accommodate the Games .
Throughout the evening , long lines formed at its downtown stations as police officers and security guards limited entry to avoid overcrowding on platforms .
HUNTSVILLE , AL . -
will use a $ 1 million federal grant announced Thursday to help lure a low - fare carrier provide service to and from the Washington area and Orlando .
Huntsville has had the most expensive average airfares in the nation for the past nine months , according to the federal Bureau of Transportation Statistics .
Huntsville 's average airfare for the third quarter of 2009 was $ 492 .
Airport officials have said that competition from a low - fare carrier would encourage other airlines flying out of the airport to lower their fares .
" We are very pleased at getting the $ 1 million grant , " airport spokeswoman Laura Gipson said Thursday afternoon .
" That will go a long way to attracting a low - fare carrier to our market . "
The airport , which sought a $ 1.5 million grant , will use the money for an incentive package to woo a low - fare carrier to serve Baltimore - Washington International Airport and Orlando International Airport .
Baltimore - Washington was chosen because it is near Washington , which is the airport 's top market , Gipson said .
Orlando is its No. 2 market .
Baltimore - Washington would offer travelers to Washington a third choice of airports , Gipson said .
Orlando is a popular destination for NASA workers and leisure travelers , she said .
The airport lost its nonstop service to Orlando last year .
The grant money will be used in an incentive package that could include such things as waiving landing fees and operating costs , and advertising for the carrier , Gipson said .
Huntsville has had three low - fare carriers in the past , but none lasted longer than 16 months .
The last , Allegiant Air , pulled out in May 2008 after less than a year .
Huntsville 's grant was among 19 grants totaling $ 6.4 million announced Thursday by U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood .
The grants are from the department 's Small Community Air Service Development Program .
The grant program is designed to help small communities address such things as high air fares and insufficient levels of service .
“ We mainly focus our leasing on what I call our five main products : Civic , Accord , CR - V , Odyssey and Pilot , ” said Steve Jaros , Honda ’s assistant vice president for sales in the Eastern region .
Over the last two to three years , amid rising gasoline prices , uncertainty about new vehicle sales and unstable used - car valuations , Honda and other automakers pulled back from leasing .
“ It made all the manufacturers rather conservative on where they were going to place their residual values , ” Mr. Jaros said .
“ So we wanted to give time for the market to stabilize and gasoline to stabilize so we could get a better feel for where the market was going , and then slowly get back into leasing .
And that ’s what we ’ve done . ”
Read the fine print in ads for a special promotion lease , however , and a big change is apparent : high credit scores are mandatory .
Forget hazy language about offers being contingent “ on approved credit . ”
On its Web site , Honda reserves the $ 199 Accord deal to customers who qualify for the American Honda Finance Corporation ’s “ superpreferred credit tier . ”
While there are other offers for potential lessees with less than glistening credit scores , the best deals are usually reserved for customers with scores of about 710 or higher .
Leasing remains , as always , subject to negotiations , just like buying a car outright .
And it ’s a negotiation between the customer and the dealership , not the manufacturer .
DCH Honda of Oxnard in Oxnard , Calif. , for example , recently advertised new Accord LX sedans for $ 179 a month .
The dealership used Honda ’s national offer as a starting point , but cut the car ’s purchase price to lop off an additional $ 20 a month .
“ We ’re being competitive , ” said Christian Allen , one of the dealership ’s sales managers .
“ It ’s a matter of doing something to attract customers .
Very rarely does the customer coming in do exactly what the dealer is advertising . ”
Congressional Democrats are celebrating what they say was their best week politically since Scott Brown ’s victory in Massachusetts on Jan. 19 .
After playing defense on the economy , the stimulus and healthcare for much of the past year , Democrats went on the offensive this week .
ADVERTISEMENT
Democrats took advantage of the one - year anniversary of the passage of the economic stimulus package and a slow news week to blast Republicans for claiming credit for stimulus funds they opposed .
“ It ’s a pretty easy case to make that there ’s a lot of crocodile tears and a lot of hypocrisy , ” Norman Ornstein , a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute , speaking of the points Democrats scored .
“ This gets [ Democrats ] more on offensive while they ’ve been on the defensive .
” Darrell West , director of Governance Studies at the Brookings Institution , said Democrats have found a more effective line of argument the “ Party of No ” label they ’ve tried to fix on the GOP for much of the past year .
“ The Republicans complain about the stimulus , but take the money and go home and claim credit , ” West said .
“ You ca n’t have your hand in the cookie jar while complaining about cookie consumption .
” West said it would more likely resonate with voters than the “ Party of No ” line of attack .
Democrats knew they had live ammunition when the conservative Washington Times bit on their story line the preceding week .
The Times published a 1,767 - word front - page article on GOP lawmakers vying to steer funds from the economic stimulus program back to their states .
The lead example was Sen. Kit Bond ( R - Mo. ) who quietly sought more than $ 50 million for two projects in his state despite regularly blasting Obama ’s stimulus as irresponsible .
Democratic aides in Congress said they were able to break through this week because of support from Presidentand the White House .
Aides grumbled that these reinforcements have been lacking at key moments in the healthcare and climate change debates .
Obama kicked the strategy off on Jan. 29 when he chided Republican lawmakers who voted against the stimulus and then “ have been all too happy to claim credit for Recovery
Act projects and the jobs those projects have produced .
” Obama repeated the point at a town hall event in New Hampshire the following week .
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs took the attack up a notch this past week when he blasted House Republican Whip ( Va. ) for hypocrisy because Cantor requested funds for a high - speed rail project in his district despite his fervid criticism of the stimulus .
One Democratic aide said the White House support was crucial because it prompted media outlets to pay closer attention to the Democrats ’ argument .
“ When the president says something , it gains more attention then when a Democratic senator or congressmen says it , ” said the aide .
“ It ’s the power of the bully pulpit and we ’re glad to see Obama using that .
” “ When it ’s congressman versus congressman , it ’s perceived as just more noise , ” the staffer added .
Working alongside the White House , the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) posted a web video making a similar charge against Senate Republican Leader ( Ky . ) and other GOP senators .
Aides to McConnell pushed back hard by accusing the DNC of distorting the facts .
They argued that Democrats unfairly painted McConnell as a supporter of stimulus funds for the Blue Grass Army Depot , a project he has long supported as a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee .
Sen . ( Texas ) , chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , defended himself in a post on Twitter , but it was not the type of clean shot that is usually most effective in politics .
“ No contradiction to vote against reckless stimulus but if [ the majority is ] hell bent to spend the money anyway , make sure Texas gets fair share , ” he wrote in a nuanced statement that the liberal Huffington Post pounced on .
For the first time in weeks , Republicans were clearly on the defensive .
Democratic aides working for Senate Majority Leader ( D - Nev. ) , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) , and the Senate and House campaign committees flooded reporters with materials .
House Democratic leadership aides found and highlighted a tasty nugget to reporters : GOP.gov , the website of the House Republican caucus , posted a press release from Rep . ( R- Wash . ) taking credit for $ 35 million in stimulus highway money .
The item was posted just above two other posts panning the stimulus program .
The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee on Friday issued a release claiming that 91 House Republicans have taken credit for economic bills they opposed .
The measures included in this count encompassed the stimulus and two omnibus measures .
In a statement this week , DCCC Chairman Chris Van Hollen said , “ I call on House Republicans to stop claiming credit for policies they opposed and start working with President Obama and House Democrats to keep our economy on the road to recovery . ”
“ We were not only were able to make our case that the stimulus is working and saving and creating jobs , we were able to show the hypocrisy on the Republican side and prove that while we ’re working to save the economy , they ’re just playing politics , ” said Rodell Mollineau , director of the Senate Democratic Communication Center , characterizing what he and other Democrats touted as a successful week .
Republicans aides dispute such claims , arguing that one good week will not change the public ’s perception of the stimulus
“ More Americans believe Elvis is still alive than believe the Democrats ’ stimulus created jobs , ” said Michael Steel , spokesman for House Republican Leader John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerLongtime House parliamentarian to step down
Five things we learned from this year 's primaries Bad blood between Pelosi , Meadows complicates coronavirus talks MORE ( R - Ohio ) .
“ I do n’t think their claims have connected or are resonated . ”
Steel noted that a recent New York Times / CBS
News poll showed that only six percent of the public thought the stimulus had already created jobs .
With the economy ailing and unemployment at 9.7 percent , independent political analysts say Republicans still have the upper hand .
GOP officials who have noted that the White House predicted the stimulus would cap unemployment at 8 percent will continue hammering that point all year long .
While it ’s difficult to assess the effectiveness of the new offensive , Democrats believe it can serve as a model for the rest of the year .
“ I would expect to see this type of coordinated and aggressive approach on many other issues throughout the year , ” said Mollineau .
Over the past few weeks , Democrats were able to create an echo chamber to amplify their criticism of Republicans ’ stance on the stimulus .
The critiques of the president and congressional leaders reverberated on liberal blogs , such as ThinkProgress.org , and on liberal - leaning cable talk shows .
Rachel Maddow , host of MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow Show , ridiculed Republicans such as Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal ( La. ) and Rep. Phil Gingrey John ( Phil ) Phillip GingreyEx -Tea
Party lawmakers turn heads on K Street 2017 's top health care stories , from ObamaCare to opioids Beating the drum on healthcare MORE ( R - Ga. ) for staging public relations events with eye - catching fake checks even though they opposed and criticized the stimulus program .
MSNBC's Keith Olbermann has also ripped Republicans for hypocrisy on the stimulus .
CNN ’s Rick Sanchez also ran a critical segment featuring Jindal , Gingrey and Senate hopeful Rep. Mike Castle ( R - Del . ) .
On the same program , CNN national political correspondent Jessica Yellin said : “ This is a good gotcha moment in politics for Democrats to use against the Republicans . ”
The message also filtered out to mainstream news outlets in battleground states .
The Kansas City Star published an Associated Press report that Rep. Roy Blunt Roy Dean BluntGOP senators confident Trump pick to be confirmed by November Sunday shows preview : Lawmakers prepare for SCOTUS confirmation hearings before election SCOTUS confirmation in the last month of a close election ?
Ugly MORE ( R - Mo. ) , a candidate for Senate , attended a groundbreaking ceremony for a visitors ’ center at a fish hatchery that received $ 1 million in stimulus funds .
Democratic strategists have urged the White House and Democratic leaders to take a more aggressive approach against Republicans .
“ What everybody needs to do up and down the ballot is make 2010 a choice and not a referendum , ” said Democratic strategist Paul Begala , who said Democrats did not do enough to draw a contrast with Republican proposals .
Begala said Democrats should next attack the House GOP budget and make Rep. Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBiden 's debate game plan ?
Keep cool and win Trump , Biden have one debate goal :
Do n't lose RNC chair on election :
We are on track to win the White House MORE ( Wis. ) , the ranking Republican on the Budget panel , a “ very famous man . ”
Facebook released a new PHP extension today that supports inlining XML .
This is a feature known as XML Literals in Visual Basic .
Go read their description here : http://www.facebook.com/notes/facebook-engineering/xhp-a-new-way-to-write-php/294003943919
It adds an extra parsing step which maps inlined XML elements to PHP classes .
These classes are core.php and html.php which covers all the main HTML elements .
The syntax of those class definitions is a bit odd .
That oddness is explained in the How It Works document .
Essentially , it lets you turn :
<? php if ( $ _ POST [ ' name ' ] ) { echo " < span > Hello , { $_POST [ ' name ' ]}.</ span > " ; } else { ?> < form method= " post " >
What is your name ?< br > < input type =" text " name = " name " > < input type =" submit " > </ form > <? php }
into :
<?php require './core.php ' ; require './html.php ' ; if ( $ _ POST [ ' name ' ] ) { echo < span >
Hello , { $_POST [ ' name ' ]}.</ span > ; } else { echo < form method= " post " >
What is your name ?< br /> < input type =" text " name = " name " /> < input type =" submit " /> </ form > ; }
The main interest , at least to me , is that because PHP now understands the XML it is outputting , filtering can be done in a context - sensitive manner .
The input filtering built into PHP can not know which context a string is going to be used in .
If you use a string inside an on - handler or a style attribute , for example , you need radically different filtering from it being used as regular XML PCDATA in the html body .
Some will say this form is more readable as well , but that is n't something that concerns me very much .
The real question here is what is this runtime xml validation going to cost you .
I have given talks in the past where I have used " class br extends html { ... } " as a classic example of something you should never do .
A br tag is just a br tag .
When you need one , stick a \ < br > in your page , do n't instantiate a class and call a render ( ) method .
So , when I looked at html.php and saw :
class : br extends : xhp:html - singleton { category % flow , % phrase ; protected $ tagName = ' br ' ; }
I got a bit skeptical .
Another thing I have been known to tell people is , " Friend do n't let friends use Singletons . "
Which is n't something I came up with .
Someone , a friend , I guess , told me that years ago .
Ok ok , as Marcel points out in the comments , this is n't a real singleton , just in name .
The " singleton " looks like this :
abstract class : xhp:html - singleton extends : xhp:html - element { children empty ; protected function stringify ( ) { return $ this ->renderBaseAttrs ( ) . ' />' ; } }
which extends html - element which in turn extends primitive .
You can go read all the code for those yourself .
Note that to build XHP you will need flex 2.5.35 which most distros wo n't have installed by default .
Grab the flex tarball and ./ configure && make install it .
Then you are ready to go .
I pointed Siege at my rather underpowered AS1410 SU2300 with the above trivial form examples .
The plain PHP one and the XHP version .
Ran each one 5 times benchmarking for 30s each time .
The plain PHP one averaged around 1300 requests / sec .
Here is a representative sample :
acer :~> siege -c 3 - b - t30s http://xhp.localhost/1.php
** SIEGE 2.68 ** Preparing 3 concurrent users for battle .
The server is now under siege ...
Lifting the server siege ... done .
Transactions : 38239 hits Availability : 100.00 % Elapsed time : 29.60 secs Data transferred : 3.97 MB Response time : 0.00 secs Transaction rate : 1291.86 trans/sec
Throughput : 0.13 MB/sec Concurrency : 2.93 Successful transactions : 38239 Failed transactions : 0 Longest transaction : 0.05 Shortest transaction : 0.00
And the XHP version :
Transactions : 868 hits Availability : 100.00 % Elapsed time : 29.28 secs Data transferred : 0.08 MB Response time : 0.10 secs Transaction rate : 29.64 trans/sec
Throughput : 0.00 MB/sec Concurrency : 2.99 Successful transactions : 868 Failed transactions : 0 Longest transaction : 0.21 Shortest transaction : 0.05
So , a drop from 1300 to around 30 requests per second and latency from less than 10ms to 100 ms .
Running XHP on plain PHP is definitely out of the question .
But , knowing that Facebook uses APC heavily and looking through the code ( see the MINIT function in ext.cpp ) we can see that it should play nicely with APC .
So , re-running our PHP version of the form , now with APC enabled , that goes from 1300 to around 1460 requests per second , and no measurable latency :
Transactions : 43773 hits Availability : 100.00 % Elapsed time : 29.88 secs Data transferred : 4.55 MB Response time : 0.00 secs Transaction rate : 1464.96 trans/sec
Throughput : 0.15 MB/sec Concurrency : 2.93 Successful transactions : 43773 Failed transactions : 0 Longest transaction : 0.07 Shortest transaction : 0.00
The XHP version of the form now with APC enabled :
Transactions : 9707 hits Availability : 100.00 % Elapsed time : 29.45 secs Data transferred : 0.94 MB Response time : 0.01 secs Transaction rate : 329.61 trans/sec
Throughput : 0.03 MB/sec Concurrency : 2.97 Successful transactions : 9707 Failed transactions : 0 Longest transaction : 0.21 Shortest transaction : 0.00
Much better .
But it is still around a 75 % performance drop from 1460 to 330 and a \ ~10 ms latency penalty .
And yes , I did have a default filter enabled for these tests , so there was basic XSS filtering in place for the naked $ _POST [ ' name ' ] variable in the plain PHP version .
Of course , the default filtering would likely fail if the user data was used in a different context .
And this 75 % is obviously going to depend on what else is going on during the request .
If you are spending most of your time calculating a fractal or waiting on MySQL , you may not notice XHP very much at all .
The bulk of the time is spent in all the tag to class interaction .
If the core.php and html .php code was all baked into the XHP extension , it would be a lot quicker , of course .
So , when you combine XHP with HipHop PHP you can start to imagine that the performance penalty would be a lot less than 75 % and it becomes a viable approach .
Of course , this also means that if you are unable to run HipHop you probably want to think a bit and run some tests before adopting this .
If you are already doing some sort of external templating , XHP could very well be a faster approach .
Update :
Here are the callgraphs .
The first is the plain PHP +APC version without XHP .
And the second is the PHP + APC+XHP version .
In the first you see all sorts of bits and pieces all across the stack getting cpu time .
In the second graph we see the effect of needing to copy and instantiate those core and html classes on every request .
They are cached in APC , of course , but because of PHP 's perfect sandbox , they cannot persist .
So we went from spending around 1 % of our time in the executor to over 80 % .
This is n't an entirely fair comparison , of course , since the plain version has close to no PHP to execute while the XHP version has 93 userspace classes to deal with .
I would guess that XHP could get quite a boost if at least the primitives in core.
php could be baked into the extension .
Ideally all 93 basic html classes would be in C++ in the extension itself , but that would be a bit of a tedious undertaking .
A " political X Factor " , in which hot topics are voted on by members of the public in instant referendums ?
A red phone in the middle of a shiny floor studio , just daring
No 10 to call and explain its position on the death penalty , or why lethal force is not always the right response to the theft of a DVD player ?
Once again , our thanks are due to Simon Cowell , the first post - sentient human – not for simply showing us the people we could be , but for planning a lucrative deal with ITV that will make it all happen .
Interviewed on Newsnight this week , Cowell sold his putative new show as " a good way for me to get involved in politics " , with the casual assurance of a man who knows his involvement in politics has long been the optimal outcome for a society seeking heroes it can believe in .
To those who say the X Factor overlord has left them disillusioned about music , the rejoinder is plain : just think what he could do with politics , with which people are already wildly disillusioned .
Alas , many greeted news of his idea with the sort of open - minded naivety they would n't dream of exhibiting were , say , Rupert Murdoch to suggest the same thing .
What would be the harm in it , they wondered , as though asking self - selecting members of public to call money - spinning phone lines and vote yea or nay on some aspect of social policy – then watching as the tabloids with whom the show is symbiotically entwined hound the government to bend to their will – were scarcely a conceptual leap from asking them to rate some averagely talented teenager 's performance of You Raise Me Up .
And yet , if he persists in this latest venture , how long can anyone continue to see Cowell as monstrous in some ways but ultimately benign ?
What do they imagine he's in it for , since he already has more money than he could spend ?
Consider the evidence .
Simon Cowell is the music mogul who has no apparent love for music , and never listens to it at home .
He now wishes to shake up politics and claims Margaret Thatcher as his hero , but has never voted .
Put like that , it should seem rather simpler .
Simon Cowell is interested in owning the system .
And now he owns and controls the global means of pitchy power - ballad production , he covets a stake in national choices bigger even than whether Lloyd or Jedward should go through to the next round .
For all this talk of making politics interesting , it seems unlikely that suddenly becoming a significant player in UK politics will break Simon 's ballot box duck .
Does Rupert Murdoch – whom Cowell claims as his other hero – bother schlepping out to the polling station for US elections ?
One can't imagine it .
Why bother when you have the power to affect how millions are cast ?
For a flavour of how the karaoke - industrial complex might expand , we have only to look at the synergies already flowering .
This week , the winner of Cowell 's X Factor , Joe McElderry , was the star guest at The Sun 's Military Awards .
According to the paper 's report , Joe said " his debut was made even more ' special ' because he was singing for the nation 's very bravest " .
Among those who obediently trotted along to the bash were David Cameron , who then told radio listeners that he was backing Joe for Christmas No 1 and that politics has much to learn from Cowell , whom he evidently regards as having been added to the list of people too powerful not to fawn over .
News Corp , Cowell and whichever government is in power ( Brown has been just as obsequious ) – is it not the definition of a healthy relationship that could only develop to the betterment of society as a whole ?
Anyway , government by phone vote would seem the next logical step for the genre we are still obliged to refer to as unscripted programming , despite its meticulous staging .
After all , with the possible exception of McMansions , islands are one of reality TV's most enduring tropes , isolated spaces on which producers like to maroon varying combinations of horny bachelorettes / temptation - prone couples / teenage faux survivalists .
How apocalyptically inevitable that this septic isle of ours should itself become a reality TV set – that the UK in its entirety will serve as the vast , malfunctioning concept , in which British citizens will be contestants whether they like it or not , seeing as the pressure for any government to respond to the results of Cowell 's weekly referendums will be nightmarish to resist .
Naturally , Cowell will dismiss the critics of this new idea just as he dismisses those who accuse his talent shows of debasing the public taste : by arguing it is what the public want .
Underpinning all his ventures is such a palpably disingenuous veneration of the will of the people that it is both amazing and depressing that he is not challenged more often on it .
There are , after all , a million rejoinders to those who justify something by the fact of its popularity – several of them not even mentioning the Third Reich – though at present my favourite comes courtesy of Peep Show 's Super Hans .
" People ? " he snorts .
" People like Coldplay and voted for the Nazi party .
You ca n't trust people . "
L Entries
• Elsa Lanchester
• Martin Landau
• Fritz Lang
• Robert Lansing
• Glen A. Larson
• Jack Larson
• Jennifer Lawrence
• Christopher Lee
• Mark Lenard
• John Lennon
• John Lithgow
• June Lockhart
• Robert Longo
• Peter Lorre
• Eugene Lourie
• George Lucas
• Bela Lugosi
• William Lundigan
LARSON , GLEN A .
( 1937 – ) . American producer and writer .
SCIENCE FICTION , FANTASY , AND HORROR FILM CREDITS Produced : The Six Million Dollar Man ( tv series ) ( 1973 –1978 ) ; The Hardy Boys / Nancy Drew Mysteries ( tv series ) ( and wrote theme music ) ( 1977 –1979 ) ; Battlestar Galactica ( tv series ) ( and wrote theme music ) ( 1978 –1979 ) ; Battlestar Galactica ( and wrote ) ( Richard A. Colla and Alan J. Levi , uncredited ) ( 1978 ) ( film constructed from episode of Battlestar Galactica entitled " Saga of a Star World " ) ; Mission Galactica : The Cylon Attack ( Vince Edwards and Christian I. Nyby II 1978 ) ( film constructed from episode of Battlestar Galactica entitled " The Living Legend " ) ; Buck Rogers in the Twenty - Fifth Century ( and wrote with Leslie STEVENS ) ( Daniel Haller 1979 ) ( film constructed from episode of Buck Rogers in the Twenty - Fifth Century entitled " Awakening " ) ; Buck Rogers in the Twenty - Fifth Century ( tv series ) ( and created with Stevens , and wrote theme music ) ( 1979 –1981 ) ; Galactica 1980 ( tv series ) ( and wrote theme music ) ( 1980 ) ; Conquest of the Earth ( and wrote ) ( video ) ( Barry Crane , Sidney Hayes , and Sigmund Neufeld , Jr. 1980 ) ( video constructed from episodes of Galactica 1980 entitled " Galactica Discovers Earth " and " The Night the Cylons Landed " ) ; Knight Rider ( tv movie ) ( and co-wrote with Tom Greene ) ( Haller 1982 ) ; Knight Rider ( and created and wrote theme music ) ( tv series ) ( 1982 –1986 ) ; Manimal ( and created ) ( tv series ) ( 1983 ) ; Automan ( tv movie ) ( and wrote ) ( Lee Katzin 1983 ) ; Automan ( and created ) ( tv series ) ( 1983 –1984 ) ; Cover Up ( also known as Masquerade ) ( tv series ) ( 1984 ) ; The Highwayman ( tv series ) ( 1988 ) ; Knight Rider 2000 ( tv movie ) ( Levi 1991 ) ; Team Knight Rider ( tv series ) ( 1997 ) ; NightMan ( tv movie ) ( and co-wrote with Mark Jones and Nick Daniel and co-directed with Jones ) ( 1997 ) ; NightMan ( tv series ) ( and created ) ( 1997 –1998 ) ; The Darwin Conspiracy ( tv movie ) ( and wrote ) ( Winrich Kolbe 1999 ) ; Millennium Man ( tv movie ) ( and wrote ) ( Bradford May 1999 ) .
Consulting producer : Battlestar Galactica ( tv miniseries ) ( and based on his work ) ( 2003 ) ; Battlestar Galactica ( tv series ) ( 2004 - ) .
Wrote : The Six Million Dollar Man : Wine , Women , and War ( tv movie ) ( Russ Mayberry 1973 ) ; " Lost Planet of the Gods " ( with Don BELLISARIO ) ( two - part episode ) , " The Magnificent Warriors , " " War of the Gods " ( two - part episode ) ( 1978 ) , " Greetings from Earth , " " Experiment in Terra " ( 1979 ) , episodes of Battlestar Galactica ; " Galactica Discovers Earth " ( three - part episode ) , " The Super Scouts " ( two - part episode ) , " Spaceball " ( with Frank Lupo and Jeff Freilich ) , " The Night the Cylons Landed , " " So This Is New York , " " The Return of Starbuck " ( 1980 ) , episodes of Galactica 1980 ; " Night of the Phoenix " ( two - part episode ) ( 1982 ) , episode of Knight Rider ; " Manimal , " " Night of the Scorpion " ( 1983 ) , episodes of Manimal ; " Staying Alive While Running a High Flashdance Fever " ( 1983 ) , episode of Automan ; Chameleons ( tv movie ) ( co- wrote with Stephen A. Miller and directed ) ( Larson 1989 ) .
The only thing Glen A. Larson knew about science fiction was that other people were making money off of it .
So , whenever the time seemed propitious , he stepped in to claim his piece of the pie , producing mounds of wretched entertainment to the benefit of no one but himself and members of his immediate family .
Needless to say , this overview does not precisely accord with the authorized version of Larson 's biography .
Though a previous career of crooning with the Four Freshmen would suggest no interest in or aptitude for writing science fiction , we have been solemnly informed that Larson first demonstrated his authorial talents to television executives in the early 1960s by showing them his original science fiction script , " Adam 's Ark , " which would eventually engender the series Battlestar Galactica .
I possess no evidence to dispute the story , but it might strike any objective observer as a suspiciously self - serving claim , coming from a man who in 1978 faced a huge lawsuit for purportedly plagiarizing George LUCAS 's 1977 film Star Wars .
Furthermore , the skeptical attorney for the plaintiff might inquire , if Larson had harbored a passionate desire to write science fiction in the 1960s and early 1970s , why did n't he attempt to write for series like The Twilight Zone , The Outer Limits , The Man from U.N.C.L.E. , Lost in Space , or Star Trek ?
Why do we instead find his name as writer and / or producer linked only to forgettably mundane series like The Fugitive , The Virginian , Alias Smith and Jones , Get Christie Love , Switch , and Quincy M.E. ?
In any event , Larson 's first documented association with science fiction , of the most tepid variety , came in his work for the series The Six Million Dollar Man , essentially a routine spy thriller interspersed with two - minute sequences of star Lee Majors performing spectacular stunts in slow motion , with occasional episodes that awkwardly ventured into genuinely speculative territory by featuring aliens or Bigfoot .
The series established what would emerge as the major recurring pattern in Larson 's producing career : the modestly imaginative superhero mired in astoundingly unimaginative plots and situations .
His next success , the series The Hardy Boys / Nancy Drew Mysteries ( at times decoupled as separate offerings ) , is primarily noteworthy because it introduced Larson 's habit of drawing upon his musical background to compose mediocre theme music for his series , thus earning himself another undeserved paycheck .
Somehow , ABC became convinced that Larson was the perfect person to come up with television 's answer to Star Wars for their Sunday night lineup .
Larson 's brilliant response to the challenge : first , recalling that the most successful Sunday - night drama in television history had been the western Bonanza , he hired its star Lorne GREENE , guessing that the actor had some special gift for attracting Sunday - night viewers .
He then hired special - effects artist John DYKSTRA to ensure that all the sets and props would look exactly like those in Star Wars , evidently believing that this in itself would guarantee the series 's success , despite the absence of all the other elements — such as an intelligent , well - developed background , inspired plotting , and capable actors — that made the film so popular .
The result of his labors , as immediately evidenced by a three - hour premiere that rapidly plummeted from Star Wars - like grandeur to Lost in Space - like inanity , easily qualifies as one of the greatest disasters in the history of television , the series that edges out Gerry ANDERSON and Sylvia ANDERSON 's Space : 1999 as the worst science fiction series of all time .
In an effort to rescue the series , the inert Greene and Richard Hatch were thrust to the sidelines to focus on the animate Dirk Benedict , but the plots remained as idiotic as ever , and only an unbreakable contract kept the series limping along for a single season .
Surprisingly , as evidence of the rampant stupidity , vacuity , and incompetence in contemporary Hollywood , rival factions emerged in 2002 to fight for the rights to relaunch Battlestar Galactica ( which was like fighting for the rights to make a sequel to Howard the Duck ) .
Unsurprisingly , the miniseries and series that eventually resulted were , by all accounts , infinitely better than the original — but how could they possibly have been worse ?
The unexpected collapse of Battlestar Galactica left Larson with some big bills to pay and a warehouse full of science fiction models and props , prompting some initiatives in recycling that were more creative than anything Larson had displayed on the screen .
First , he reedited material from already - aired episodes of Battlestar Galactica into two feature - length films that were rushed in theaters to garner quick profits before filmgoers realized they were watching leftovers .
Next , he came up with two new science fiction series to reuse some of the Battlestar Galactica hardware .
The first one , a revival of Buck Rogers in the Twenty - Fifth Century , was by Larson 's standards not half - bad ; stars Gil Gerard and Tim O'Connor possessed a modicum of acting skill , and the demands of emulating a 1930s serial for children were marginally within the realm of Larson 's expertise .
When the series attempted the more arduous task of emulating Star Trek in its second season , however , the game was over .
The second series , Galactica 1980 , artlessly endeavored to continue the storyline of Battlestar Galactica by bringing an older but not wiser Greene to contemporary Earth , accompanied by bland new regulars , where they begin for some reason to chase the nasty Cylons back and forth through time , evidently in order to combine Larson 's remaining space - age stuff with historical costumes and props economically retrieved from studio storage rooms .
It lasted for half a season , much longer than it deserved to .
While recovering from the debacle of Battlestar Galactica , Larson kept himself busy with listless exercises like B.J. and the Bear , The Misadventures of Sheriff Lobo , and The Fall Guy before finally returning to science fiction with the series Knight Rider , the modestly futuristic saga of a man partnered with a technologically advanced talking car named KITT .
While little more than a science - fictional take on the pathetic sitcom My Mother , the Car , the series came together remarkably well , largely due to the accident of what was , for Larson , the unusually appealing cast of the charismatic David Hasselhoff , the urbane Edward Mulhare , and the sardonic William Daniels as the voice of the car .
Any suspicions that Larson had reacquired his magic touch , however , were dashed by the rapid failures of his next hapless ventures into gimmicky superheroics starring the changeling Manimal and the computer - created Automan ; equally ephemeral were two subsequent series , the spy thriller Cover Up and The Highwayman , which attempted to do for trucks what Knight Rider had done for cars .
By the late 1980s , even the densest denizens of the television industry recognized that Larson 's projects were n't taking anybody to Easy Street , which is why two other projected series — Chameleons and a revival of Knight Rider — never advanced beyond the pilot / tv movie stage .
Still , suckers are like buses — there 's always a new one coming around — and ongoing expansion in the syndication and cable markets of the 1990s created new opportunities for Larson series , though it was not unexpected to learn that another effort to recycle Knight Rider , Team Knight Rider , and another derivative superhero , NightMan , failed to attract many viewers .
After two widely panned tv movies in 1999 — The Darwin Conspiracy and Millennium Man — fans of quality television might have reasonably hoped that Larson , now in his sixties , would consider retirement .
But if Larson has no other virtues , one must credit him with persistence : as part of the Byzantine deal that led to the Battlestar Galactica revival , he negotiated himself the lucrative title of " consulting producer " ( although new producer Ronald D. MOORE , who demonstrated his skills in science fiction with work for the Star Trek franchise , has thankfully displayed no inclination to consult with Larson about anything ) , and he even garnered a writing credit for new episodes vaguely related to his earlier efforts .
He also has apparently found financial backers for yet another revival of his greatest triumph , a film currently entitled Knight Rider and scheduled for release in 2006 .
One derives amusement from this prospect only by imagining what KITT would have to say about it : " You silly humans !
You keep making the same mistakes , again and again and again ! "
And no business other than the entertainment industry would ever be so irrational as to allow a proven incompetent like Glen A. Larson to keep churning out his trademark mistakes .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The use of six fake UK passports by the alleged killers of a Hamas commander is an outrage , David Miliband has said .
The foreign secretary vowed to " get to the bottom " of the case in Dubai , as an inquiry got under way .
Dubai 's police chief has said he is 99 % sure of the involvement of Israeli agents in Mahmoud al - Mabhouh 's death , but Israel says there is no proof .
Its UK ambassador said he was " unable to add additional information " after he met the UK diplomatic service 's head .
The international police agency Interpol has issued arrest notices for all 11 suspects , although it admitted their true identities was unclear .
' Tough questions '
Diplomatic tensions have mounted since the killing at a luxury Dubai hotel last month , which police said allegedly involved European passport holders .
The Irish Republic has called in Israeli ambassador Zion Evrony , and France has also demanded explanations over the use of a false passport .
Mr Miliband said he " hoped and expected " Israel would co-operate fully with the investigation announced by Prime Minister Gordon Brown .
If there was proof Israel had used British passports ... relations between the UK and Israel would be in a crisis
Jeremy Bowen
Pictures of ' 11 Europeans ' Israel 's ' covert killing ' history
No proof of Dubai hit - Israel Irish passports real numbers Bumpy road for relations Reactions to the British connection
The inquiry will seek to explain how passports bearing the names of six British - Israelis , who are not the men pictured , came to be used .
Israel 's secret service , Mossad , has been accused of involvement in the killing in Dubai on 20 January .
Mr Miliband refused to reveal what was said in the 20 - minute meeting between Israeli Ambassador Ron Prosor and Sir Peter Ricketts , the head of the UK 's diplomatic service .
Speaking on the Jeremy Vine show on BBC Radio 2 , he said : " It 's very , very important that we do n't make accusations until we know that they 're well founded . "
He added : " Any interference with British passports is an outrage .
We take this case extremely seriously - the integrity of our system is critical . "
Mr Prosor told journalists after his meeting that it is " not the usual way to talk about what happens in those meetings " .
In Dublin , Israeli ambassador Zion Evrony also insisted he knew nothing about the killing of the Hamas commander .
The Ambassador said that he had no information on the matter and would relay the messages he had received to his authorities .
British Conservative leader David Cameron called for Israel 's ambassador to the UK to be asked " some pretty tough questions " .
Meanwhile , shadow foreign secretary William Hague has urged the Foreign Office to confirm when it first knew about the fake passport claims .
UK diplomats said they had received details of the British passports a few hours before Dubai released details on Monday .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
However , Mr Hague told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme it was " entirely possible " the government had been alerted to their use in January .
He later said Israel should issue a " robust statement " ensuring its government would not sanction the cloning of British passports .
Lib Dem foreign affairs spokesman Sir Menzies Campbell said any abuse of British passports was an infringement of British sovereignty and the Israeli government should act to end a " raft " of speculation .
The BBC's Middle East editor Jeremy Bowen said if there was proof Israel had used British passports " for some nefarious uses of its Mossad service - as they have in the past with Canadian and New Zealand ones " , then relations between the UK and Israel would be " in a crisis " .
The Serious Organised Crime Agency has confirmed photographs and signatures on the passports used in Dubai do not match those on passports issued by the UK .
The men whose names appeared on the passports have dual British and Israeli citizenship .
They are Melvyn Adam Mildiner , Paul John Keeley , James Leonard Clarke , Stephen Daniel Hodes , Michael Lawrence Barney and Jonathan Lewis Graham .
They all deny involvement in the killing .
Hamas killing Police in Dubai have released images of 27 people they believe are behind the killing of a senior Hamas commander .
The suspects are accused of using fake passports bearing their own pictures , but the names of innocent citizens .
Twelve of the passports used were British ( shown on previous slide ) .
The other 15 on the list are reported to have used stolen identities from Australian , French , Irish and German citizens .
The 27th suspect used the alias Joshua Aaron Krycer - a stolen Australian identity ( pictured left ) .
Police say the suspects used their fake documents to travel to Dubai in groups , flying from Zurich , Rome , Paris and Frankfurt .
One of the victims of the identity theft was British - Israeli Paul John Keeley ( pictured right ) .
The passport used by one of the suspected assassins bore his name , but featured a photograph of another man ( pictured left ) .
Palestinian militant Mahmoud al - Mabhouh was killed in his hotel room in Dubai on 20 January .
Police claim one of the suspects , pictured on the left , went to a hotel to put on a disguise .
He is seen leaving a toilet wearing a wig .
Surveillance cameras also recorded Mr Mabhouh , circled in red above , at the hotel 's reception before his death .
At the bottom of the image the head of one of the suspects can be seen .
As Mr Mabhouh leaves , the suspect follows .
Mr Mabhouh is trailed into the lift by a number of the suspects , including two pictured here in tennis gear .
Investigators believe he had been followed from Syria to Dubai where it is thought he wanted to buy weapons for Hamas .
When Mr Mabhouh leaves the lift , police say two of the suspects can be seen following him down the corridor .
He was later found dead in his room .
A post -mortem report said he had been electrocuted and suffocated .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
The details of the suspects and their passport photos were released by officials in Dubai earlier this week .
The Irish government has said passports used by three people believed to have been involved in killing a Hamas member had genuine numbers .
However , authorities said while the numbers were legitimate , they did not match records for the names which had been used - Gail Folliard , Evan Dennings and Kevin Daveron .
Dublin's Department of Foreign Affairs said officials were urgently trying to contact the three citizens who hold or have held passports with these numbers .
In a statement it said it took " grave exception " to the forgery , which could potentially put at risk the safety of Irish citizens travelling abroad .
France - and reportedly Germany - have raised doubts over the identities of two suspects who used a French and a German passport .
France 's foreign ministry spokesman Bernard Valero said it was " demanding explanations " from the Israeli embassy in France about the circumstances of the use of a false French passport in the Dubai killing .
Reports have suggested the Hamas commander was in Dubai to buy weapons for the Palestinian Islamist movement , Hamas .
Two Palestinian suspects were being questioned about the murder .
Police said the pair had fled to Jordan after the killing , but were extradited back to Dubai on Sunday .
Officials in Dubai , who have issued arrest warrants , said the team appeared to be a professional hit squad , probably sponsored by a foreign power .
" It is 99 % , if not 100 % , sure that Mossad is standing behind the murder , " Dubai police chief General Dahi Khalfan is quoted as saying by an Abu Dhabi - based English - language paper .
The Respect MP George Galloway said assurances from Israel could not be trusted as the " rogue state " had broken its word in the past .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ God made the idiot for practice , and then He made the school board . ” -- Mark Twain
Tomorrow ’s New York Times Sunday Magazine ( http://www.nytimes.com/2010/02/14/magazine/14texbooks-t.html?ref=magazine ) highlights yet another mob of extremists using the Texas School Board to baptize our children 's textbooks .
This endless , ever - angry escalating assault on our Constitution by crusading theocrats could be obliterated with the effective incantation of two names : Benjamin Franklin , and Deganawidah .
But first , let ’s do some history :
Actual Founder - Presidents # 2 through #6--- John Adams , Thomas Jefferson , James Madison , James Monroe and John Quincy Adams --- were all freethinking
Deists and Unitarians ; what Christian precepts they embraced were moderate , tolerant and open - minded .
Actual Founder - President # 1 , George Washington , became an Anglican as required for original military service under the British , and occasionally quoted scripture .
But he vehemently opposed any church - state union .
In a 1790 letter to the Jews of Truro , he wrote : The “ Government of the United States , which gives to bigotry no sanction , to persecution no assistances , requires only that they who live under its protection , should demean themselves as good citizens . ”
A 1796 treaty he signed says “ the government of the United States of America is not , in any sense , founded on the Christian religion . ”
Washington rarely went to church and by some accounts refused last religious rites .
Washington was also the nation ’s leading brewer , and since most Americans drank much beer ( water could be lethal in the cities ) they regularly trembled before the keg , not the altar .
Like Washington , Jefferson and Madison , virtually all American farmers raised hemp and its variations .
Jefferson produced a personal Bible from which he edited out all reference to the “ miraculous ” from the life of Jesus , whom he considered both an activist and a mortal .
Tom Paine ’s COMMON SENSE sparked the Revolution with nary a mention of Jesus or Christianity .
His Deist Creator established the laws of Nature , endowed humans with Free Will , then left .
The Constitution never mentions the words “ Christian ” or “ Jesus ” or “ Christ . ”
Revolutionary America was filled with Christians whose commitment to toleration and diversity was completely adverse to the violent , racist , misogynist , anti-sex theocratic Puritans whose “ City on the Hill ” meant a totalitarian state .
Inspirational preachers like Rhode Island ’s Roger Williams and religious groups like the Quakers envisioned a nation built on tolerance and love for all .
The US was founded less on Judeo - Christian beliefs than on the Greco - Roman love for dialog and reason .
There are no contemporary portraits of any Founder wearing a crucifix or church garb .
But Washington was famously painted half - naked in the buff toga of the Roman Republic , which continues to inspire much of our official architecture .
The great guerilla fighter ( and furniture maker ) Ethan Allen was an aggressive atheist ; his beliefs were common among the farmers , sailors and artisans who were the backbone of Revolutionary America .
America ’s most influential statesman , thinker , writer , agitator , publisher , citizen - scientist and proud liberal libertine was --- and remains --- Benjamin Franklin .
He was at the heart of the Declaration , Constitution and Treaty of Paris ending the Revolution .
The ultimate Enlightenment icon , Franklin ’s Deism embraced a pragmatic love of diversity .
As early America ’s dominant publisher he , Paine and Jefferson printed the intellectual soul of the new nation .
Franklin deeply admired the Ho - de - no - sau - nee ( Iroquois ) Confederacy of what ’s now upstate New York .
Inspired by the legendary peacemaker Deganawidah , this democratic congress of five tribes had worked “ better than the British Parliament ” for more than two centuries .
It gave us the model for our federal structure and the images of freedom and equality that inspired both the French and American Revolutions .
It ’s no accident today ’s fundamentalist crusaders and media bloviators ( Rev. Limbaugh , St. Beck ) seek to purge our children ’s texts of all native images except as they are being forceably converted or killed .
Today ’s fundamentalists would have DESPISED the actual Founders .
Franklin ’s joyous , amply reciprocated love of women would evoke their limitless rage .
Jefferson ’s paternities with his slave mistress Sally Hemings , Paine ’s attacks on the priesthood , Hamilton ’s bastardly philandering , the grassroots scorn for organized religion --- all would draw howls of righteous right - wing rage .
Which may be why theocratic fundamentalists are so desperate to sanitize and fictionalize what 's real about our history .
God forbid our children should know of American Christians who embraced the Sermon on the Mount and renounced the Book of Revelations … or natives who established democracy on American soil long before they saw the first European …or actual Founders who got drunk , high and laid on their way to writing the Constitution .
Faith - based tyranny is anti-American .
So are dishonest textbooks .
It ’s time to fight them both .
========================
HARVEY WASSERMAN’S HISTORY OF THE UNITED STATES is at www.harveywasserman.com, along with PASSIONS OF THE POTSMOKING PATRIOTS by “ Thomas Paine . ”
This article is written in honor of the spirit of Howard Zinn .
=
A wind turbine complex on the Zhemo Mountain in the outskirts of Dali , in China 's southwestern province of Yunnan in November 2009 .
China is set to become the world 's third largest wind power producer in 2009 , state media reported , as the Asian giant seeks various ways to expand energy supply to power its economic boom .
China is set to become the world 's third largest wind power producer in 2009 , state media reported , as the Asian giant seeks various ways to expand energy supply to power its economic boom .
The country 's installed wind power capacity will reach 20 gigawatts this year , said Shi Lishan , vice director of the National Energy Administration 's New Energy Department , the Xinhua news agency said Wednesday .
That will lift China to surpass Spain and become the world 's third biggest wind power producer after the United States and Germany , the report said .
The United States had 25.2 gigawatts in installed capacity of wind power in 2008 , or 20.8 percent of the world 's total , compared with China 's capacity of 12.2 gigawatts , figures from the Global Wind Energy Council showed .
At the end of last year , Spain had 16.8 gigawatts of installed wind power , the council said .
China , which relies on coal for more than 70 percent of its energy , is the world 's largest emitter of the greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
But it has set a target of generating 15 percent of its energy from renewable sources -- mainly wind and water -- by 2020 .
The country was criticised for obstructing the adoption of a treaty on climate change during an international summit in Copenhagen earlier this month .
However , in a move signalling its commitment to cutting emissions , the nation last week adopted a law supporting the renewable energy industry by obliging electricity grid firms to buy all the power produced from renewable sources .
Explore further China triples wind power capacity goal : report
( c ) 2009 AFP
Amazon au cœur d’une polémique sur le traitement de ses salariés
As I mentioned on February 12th , the long - awaited Fluxbox Community Edition of Linux Mint has been released , and I ’ve had the opportunity to install it on my laptop to give it a whirl .
I promised @ Kendall — the man who picked up the Linux Mint Fluxbox CE torch and ran with it to keep this project alive — a review , so here goes !
Overview
Linux Mint 8 Fluxbox Community Edition is based on Linux Mint 8 Main Edition , the 2.6.31 Linux kernel , and Fluxbox 1.1.1 .
As a longtime Fluxbox user and a recent enthusiast of Linux Mint , I was pretty excited that there was going to be a Fluxbox Community Edition based on the most recent Mint release , because to me it seemed like the best of both worlds — the streamlined , clean “ cohesiveness ” I ’ve come to enjoy in Linux Mint , plus the fast , highly customizable Fluxbox that I tend to install on my own anyway , regardless of what default desktop or window manager is included in any distro I ’m using .
And while I ’m perfectly capable of getting Fluxbox to work on top of Ubuntu and Linux Mint alike , I really wanted to see what Mint would be like when implemented with Fluxbox as its centerpiece , as a distro , and I can say , I have n’t been let down .
So , down to brass tacks , as it were , I have Linux Mint 8 Fluxbox CE installed on my five year old Toshiba Satellite A75 , which seemed to be an excellent test bed for a distro release designed to be optimized for limited resources .
The main features and apps , screenshots included
I ’ve taken a number of screenshots immediately post - install so I can show readers what things look like before I tweak and customize things to the way I like them .
Any of my thumbnails below can be clicked on for the full - size version .
I ’m going to go over what the main items are first , and I ’ll express my thoughts on them and their implementation after .
Anyone reading this review is probably already a Fluxbox user , and as such probably does n’t need an A to Z rundown of the installation process in this release .
I ’ll sum that part up by simply saying that the Linux Mint 8 Fluxbox CE installation process runs just like the default Linux Mint 8 Main Edition install , using the Ubiquity installer with all the same options as Ubuntu and regular Mint .
Once installed , after a reboot , the user is greeted by a lightweight and Mint - themed SLiM login manager .
Once logged in , this is the default desktop :
Same wallpaper and shiki theme from the Linux Mint 8 Main Edition , and I found it to be aesthetically pleasing and quite clean .
Upon login , the user is greeted by a welcome screen familiar to those who have used Linux Mint 8 Main Edition :
The default menu is a very simple , basic Fluxbox menu , with commonly used items at the top — “ Home ” , which launches the default file manager ( which I ’ll get to in a minute ) , “ Web Browser ” , which launches the default browser , and several other menu options for other basic things — and categorized , dynamic menus below a separator .
Under the bottommost of these , the “ System ” menu , users will find the Fluxbox menu , which Fluxbox users will find familiar and useful for configuring their window manager via Fluxbox ’s default options .
Astute observers will note the presence of VolWheel in the notification tray , a basic volume control and sound manager , as well as the GNOME NetworkManager Applet .
This release does n’t have GNOME installed , preferring instead a mix of lighter weight , faster applications drawn largely from Xfce and LXDE .
As such , here we have Thunar as the default file manager :
For the default terminal , I found that LXTerminal had been selected for this role :
Sylpheed is the default mail client :
We have Pidgin for instant messaging :
OpenOffice.org 3.1.1 is also included :
And Xfce ’s Mousepad text editor is installed :
In addition to these and other default applications for various functions , Linux Mint 8 Fluxbox CE also includes the very useful MintInstall , and ( unique to the Mint Fluxbox Edition ) , mintConfig :
MintConfig is a nifty everything - in - one - place graphical control panel for this environment , which conveniently puts everything together for you .
I still tend to prefer configuring my Fluxbox by hand , editing the files with a text editor , but if you ’re not that sort , this release saw fit to make life a little easier on some of you by including a number of well - established graphical tools to manage your Fluxbox menu and keybindings and other settings .
They ’re not really my cup of tea , but I have used them and they certainly seem to work fine in this implementation .
Next Page : The Linux Mint Fluxbox experience , Cons and Pros
Taxes An Unnecessary Compromise on Marijuana
“ Giving money and power to government , ” writes P.J. O’Rourke , “ is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys . ”
It ’s always a bad idea to increase politicians ’ supply of either commodity , even in trade for some alleged increase in freedom .
The state never lifts its boot from one part of the body politic without bringing that boot down more heavily on some other limb or organ .
That lesson seems lost on the current generation of libertarian political reformists .
From Social Security alternatives to “ school choice ” proposals to schemes for legalizing marijuana , current reformist approaches have one thing in common :
Each such proposal would extend the state ’s reach into people ’s lives , or increase the state ’s revenues , or both , in return for a superficial quid pro quo .
The latest such proposal — and likely the most successful one in the short term — is manifest in a California referendum effort and a New York campaign for governor .
The referendum and the candidate both propose “ legalization ” of marijuana , with the key marketing points being a ) that said “ legalization ” would give the state regulatory control over cannabis , and b ) that taxing the now - legal substance would close state budget gaps .
These kinds of proposals are , in essence , attempts to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory .
When the state begins to visibly entertain a proposal which would in any way curtail its power , when the pro-state media begins to seriously discuss such a proposal , it ’s 100 % certain that that proposal is already over the hump of public acceptance .
It ’s a sure thing that ’s being accommodated because there ’s no choice but to accommodate it .
On the issue of marijuana , government is on the ropes .
The revenues they depend on for continuous expansion of the “ law enforcement ” bureaucracy are drying up .
The money they ’re accustomed to shoveling at privileged associates for construction of the prisons and “ justice centers ” which now blight nearly every county in America is n’t coming in any more .
Turning off the marijuana arrest machine would be a no - brainer even if a solid majority of the American public was n’t demanding it .
So why offer the politicians “ sweeteners ” like regulation and tax revenues ?
They ’re going to seek those sweeteners , and they ’re probably going to get those sweeteners — but let them be the ones to make the arguments for those sweeteners .
It ’s not the freedom movement ’s job to think up ways of compromising our actual or impending victories .
Most freedom activists , be we anarchists or “ smaller government ” libertarians , understand that Rome was n’t built in a day and likely wo n’t be un - built in a day .
We ’re well aware that eliminating the state , or even cutting it down to some reasonably small size , is probably a long - term project .
Sure , some sort of quick - acting , state - killing cataclysm is possible , but it ’s not something we ’re in a position to bring about or to plan for .
However , we should n’t let this understanding lead us into initiating compromises which partially or wholly cancel out our gains .
The supporters of state power have plenty of compromises to offer and plenty of marketing mojo to impose those compromises on us .
We may occasionally be forced to settle for less than we ’d like or to take a loss in exchange for a gain , but less and loss are not what we should be aiming for or proposing .
Reprimand is an obscure norwegian artist making heavy progressive rock , based on exploration of mysticism and harmonic / rhythmic patterns with a focus on song structure .
Reprimand 's music is based on personal interests and means , therefore the term " Lo- fi " is currently an understatement when it comes to the actual recordings – out of necessity they exist more as digitally created renditions than traditional recordings .
In other words , the emphasis must lie on the compositional value alone .
Musically he is inspired by a wide range of heavy , progressive and experim … read more
The Motorola Backflip was named the top upcoming cell phone at the 2010 Consumer Electronics Show and I can see why , it was incredibly fast .
The modified Android system was set up for social media especially and got tweets , Facebook updates and the like to the screen nearly instantly .
Launching with Android 1.5 , the Backflip will be upgradable to Android 2.1 .
It will also feature a 5 megapixel camera , 3.1 inch HVGA — which was very responsive — and a 528 MHz Qualcomm processor .
The phone also comes with Motoblur functionality ; which backs up all the contact information including social media data and pictures .
CNET said that the Backflip had one especially novel feature :
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
( source )
Globalization is killing Europe , just as it's already wiped out much of the American middle class .
Spain and Greece are facing immediate crises that many other European nations see on the near horizon : aging boomer workers are retiring with healthy benefit packages , but the younger workers who are paying for those benefits are n't making anything close to the income ( or , therefore , paying the taxes ) that their parents did .
Globalists / corporatists / conservative " free market " and " flat earth " advocates say this is a great opportunity to cut benefits for the old folks ( and for the young folks in the future ) , thus bringing the countries budgets back into balance , and this story is the main corporate media storyline .
But it overlooks the real issue ( and the real solution ) : how globalization is killing these nations ' economies and what can be done about it .
From the days of Adam Smith , classical economics pointed out that manufacturing and extraction are the only two ways to " create wealth . "
" Wealth " is different from " income . "
Wealth is value , which endures at least for some time .
Income is simply compensation for work .
If you wash my car for $ 10 and I mow your lawn for $ 10 , we have a GDP of $ 20 and it looks like we both have income and economic activity .
But no wealth has been created , just income .
On the other hand , if I build your car , I 'm creating something of value .
And if you turn my lawn into a small farm that produces food we can all eat , you 're creating something of value .
Not only do we have an " economy " with a " GDP , " we also have created wealth .
A stick on the ground has no commercial value , but if you add labor to it by carving it into an axe handle -- a thing of commercial value -- you have " created wealth . "
Similarly , metals in the ground have no commercial value , but when you add labor to them by extracting , refining , and forming them into products , you " create wealth . "
Even turning seeds and dirt and cows into hamburgers is a form of manufacturing and creates wealth .
This is the " Wealth of Nations " that titled Adam Smith 's famous 1776 book .
On the other hand , when a trader at Goldman Sachs makes a " profit " trading stocks , bonds , or currencies , no wealth whatsoever is created .
In fact , to the extent that that trader takes millions in commissions , pay , and bonuses , he 's actually depleting the wealth of the nation ( particularly to the extent that he moves his money offshore to save or invest , as many do ) .
To use the United States as an example , in the late 1940s and early 1950s manufacturing accounted for a high of 28 percent of our total gross domestic product ( and much of the rest of the economy like agriculture that , in a classical sense is " manufacturing " was n't even included in those numbers ) , and when Reagan came into office it was at a strong 20 percent .
Today it 's about ten percent of our GDP .
What this means is that we 're creating less wealth here , because we 're not making much anymore .
( And the biggest growth in American manufacturing has been in the military sector , where goods are made that are then destroyed when they explode over foreign cities , causing even more of our wealth to vanish . )
The main effect of the globalism fad of the past 30 yearrs -- lowering the protective barriers to trade that countries for centuries have used to make sure their own local economies are self - sufficient -- has been to ship manufacturing ( the creation of wealth ) from developed nations to developing nations .
Transnational corporations love this , because in countries with lower labor costs and few environmental and safety regulations , it 's more profitable to manufacture products .
They then sell those products in the " mature " countries -- the places that used to manufacture -- and people burn through the wealth they 'd accumulated in the earlier manufacturing days ( home equity , principally , along with savings and lines of credit ) to buy these foreign - manufactured goods .
At first , it looks like a good deal to consumers in developed nations .
Goods are cheaper !
But over a decade or two or three , as the creation of real wealth is reduced and the residue of the old wealth is spent , the developed nations become progressively poorer and poorer .
At the same time , the " developing " nations become wealthier -- because those are the places that are producing real wealth .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Beer Critics – Reviews – We all Taste things Differently ..
It has been over a week since I have had time to write anything , as it has been filled deadlines and other things in life that get in the way .
But it has not stopped me reading several Beer Blogs and various Beer Review websites and trying to make sense of them .
Without question most of the Year End Reviews are bullshit anyway , and made up from people ’s own opinions or tastes .
Alas my top 10 beers would differ greatly from yours , as they would next year .
So onto Taste ..
Depending on my mood helps decides what I like to drink , either wine or beer , and then even that is not so simple sometimes .
A Friday Night is usually a Beer Night , with Saturday reserved for good Wines with my lovely wife .
But then there could be a new bottle of beer that I have been aching to try , and then it changes hourly .
I never read Beer Reviews , or Wine Reviews , I do n’t follow the points system as its very academic and I know how subjective it can be .
I have had a lot of bad beer & Wine that scored HIGH marks in some competition that has been shit .
But that is to my taste , as you may love it .
Wine is no different to beer on many fronts and there should be coordinated attempts at making that point .
So for several months I have been playing around with TWITTER , and have found it somewhat useful for Beer Geekdom , and also for being sent links to interesting articles on Beer or Wine .
So Jancis sent through a story yesterday that intrigued me .
I follow the respected Wine writer Jancis Robinson on twitter , she is a UK Wine Writer / Educator and she posted an Oliver Thring article on Wine Critics and their evaluation from the Guardian .
The article discusses an American MW named Hanni who thinks that everything we know with matching wine and food is wrong , such as certain wines should n’t be had with certain foods ( White with Fish , Red with Meat ) as prescribed by all the books on wine we own .
He states we have certain tastes that are inherit within us , and that is helping our bias one way or the other .
So if that was true , we would n’t need a sommelier to help us decide wine in restaurants , we ’d just pick our own wine based on our own taste .
His advice is to order the wine styles you enjoy with what ever food you enjoy , so he is ultimately taking away the prescribed ‘ Rules ’ of Wine / Food .
For which many are bullshit in my opinion , but you may agree or disagree .
The beer community can learn a lot from the wine industry in that different tastes are enjoyed by certain people over others .
Recently several US
Beer websites released their Best Of Lists for 2009 , which is based on ratings by visitors and site members .
We had the Rate Beer Best 2010 Awards that awarded Best Bars in the World , Best Beers in the world and many others .
Beer Advocate had Best Beers on the Planet .
These lists are often taken by those in the beer world with a grain of salt , but some people actually take it quite seriously .
Bars or Beers that scored highly on these lists are often gloated by those breweries , but those that know the beers or bars on the list have to smile and laugh and ask ‘ who is voting on this ?’.
The Rate Beer Best Bar in the world was awarded to a bar in Rome that I have not visited , as when I ’m in Italy I drink wine .
The bar in Roma has 10 taps , some German , a few Italian , but there is nothing that would make you detour and visit Rome to enter this # 1 bar .
It WON Best bar with 47 reviews , with some calling it the best bar experience in the world .
I ’m sorry have those 47 ever visited Toronado in San Francisco ??
Toronado had 154 reviews that I know are either in love with the bar , or hate it .
Toronado came in 35th on the list .
Toronado is an experience that every beer drinker must experience , it does n’t get much better than there .
Especially during San Fran Beer Week .
Yes my personal Bias is for this great beer bar .
Now onto the Beer Advocate ’s best beers on the Planet that have a heavy tilt towards ; Imperial IPA , Imperial Stouts , and Barley Wines. 21 % of all beers in the top 100 in 2009 had the words Russian in their name , so either Russian River , or Russian Imperial Stout .
The list definitely leaves out great German and British beers .
It was quite funny another person I follow on Twitter is Mark Dredge a UK Beer writer with quite funny views .
Mark Dredge calls part of the euphoria for these beers to do with “ rarity and hype do play a big part in the experience ” which I definitely agree with .
But the point he makes is this lists have to taken with a grain of salt , and it ’s a geeky guide , but displays beers that more people should try , and even he wants to try them .
SO though we laugh and mock these lists , it does make us want to drink these bottle .
There is a term called Beer Geek or Beer Dweeb that is used to describe beer people that rate or critique beer all the time , and though I have to admit I ’m in that category .
Though some geeks / dweebs with whom never get out of their mom ’s basement but call themselves EXPERTS and criticize everything that wrong with a beer , or bar based on a bad burger & fries , or a surly bartender .
Some people profess to have tried 3000 - 12,000 beers in their lifetime and it somehow makes them experts ?
It could be believable that people have tried several thousand beers , but have your tastes changed in the last 5 years ?
did you start drinking Chardonnay and then move away from it to Reds , and then after banish every Chardonnay from existence ?
The English Beer lovers are never going to agree with the American beer lovers as the US Extreme beers are now more popular than ever , as there is mystique surrounding so many beers here .
Beers like the Abyss from Deschutes is a 13 % Imperial Stout that is released annually , and I personally found it too Alcoholic and imbalanced although its in the top 5 beers in the world .
But not to me .
I like the Double Black Butte better , but that ’s my opinion .
I think too many people rely on these Beer Magazines , Beer Websites to evaluate what beers they want to try instead of actually just buying bottles of foreign different beers and rating it themselves .
The Beer Festivals are great shows to evaluate a lot of beer , and though everyone bitches about the small samples , the GABF in Denver is something all Canadian and US beeros should attend , as with 2000 beers available its a chance to truly test your palate over a few days .
Though one of the Beer Websites tells people to not rate unless you have had at least a bottle / pint , I find that bullshit , as you can evaluate a bear after a few samples at a beer show , and you can come back for more to re-taste , and its not about rating the bar based on how good the fucking burger is .
So yes we are all biased in our critical view , but the point with Wine and Beer is to taste outside your comfort zone , drink Belgian beer , re-try German / Czech Pilsner , and less hop driven IPA ’s that actually have balance .
Form your own opinion and do n’t just follow the sheep , as remember they get slaughtered !!
Scanning and stitching pages and stories from old broadsheet newspapers has been a problem for a long time .
I ’ve been a newspaper journalist for most of the past 30 years .
My story portfolio is a pile of yellowing paper .
It is now fraying around the edges .
There ’s enough to fill three filing cabinet drawers .
My news cutting hoard is a prime candidate for scanning and digital storage .
Yet turning broadsheet newspaper pages into .pdfs or .jpgs is n’t easy .
Home office flatbed scanners are A4 size or maybe fractionally larger .
They rarely scan a whole newspaper story in a single go , Full pages are out of the question .
You can scan and store pages in sections , but converting from , say , The Sydney Morning Herald , into six overlapping A4 pdfs is clumsy .
And the saved documents are n’t much use for anything .
Software stitching scanned pages
Applications like Adobe Photoshop or Gimp can stitch photographs together , so they should do the same with newspaper pages .
In practice the job is tricky , although I ’m told recent versions of Photoshop do a better job .
There are specialist programs able to piece together overlapping images to form bigger documents .
Photographers use them to create panoramas .
Most are optimised for photos rather than printed pages .
I came across ArcSoft ’s Scan n Stich which automates the task making it easy .
I ’d give ArcSoft nine out of ten for ease of use and practicality .
There are two versions of the program .
I ’ve previously used the US $ 20 Standard Edition to deal with magazine and tabloid newspaper pages in my portfolio .
The program whizzed through the task producing stunning results .
I also use Nuance ’s PaperPort to organise scanned documents and the same company ’s OmniPage optical character recognition so I have both text documents of my old stories and facsimile pdfs .
To scan my broadsheet pages , I ’d need to shell out a further US $ 40 to ArcSoft for its Scan n Stich Deluxe version .
I do n’t objection to paying for software to do this kind of job , I do n’t use credit cards making it hard for me to buy software online .
Free alternative software
I looked for something available from local retailers or a free downloadable alternative .
I was n’t optimistic and braced myself for a lot of Photoshop work .
On the other hand , I could just hang on to the paper .
Luckily I found Image Composite Editor ( ICE ) from Microsoft Research .
ICE is a free downloadable application designed to process photographic images but it can meld six A4 scans into a single broadsheet - sized document .
ICE has been on version 1.2r1 since November 2008 , so the application is clearly not a priority at Microsoft .
There are rough edges and little documentation , but hey , it not only gets the job done , it does things quickly .
Best of all the application is simple to use .
You simply drag and drop images in any order on the main Window and let the program do its stuff .
One complication is that you ’ll need to have roughly 20 percent overlap between the various pages – but this would be standard in any stitching application .
When you ’ve finished there ’s a basic crop tool and the option to export the completed image in a number of formats .
I had to play around a little with the images to get the best output .
My scans were initially black and whites – it was hard to get the contrast level right and some text was always left unread .
My scanner software has an enhanced text mode , but I did n’t use this for the composite image instead opting for gray - scale images captured at a potentially unnecessarily high 400 dots per inch resolution .
The results looked more like photo images , which seemed to help with the stitching .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Political philosophy and movement
" Anarchist " and " Anarchists " redirect here .
For other uses , see Anarchists ( disambiguation )
Anarchism is a political philosophy and movement which is sceptical of authority and rejects all involuntary , coercive forms of hierarchy .
Anarchism calls for the abolition of the state which it holds to be undesirable , unnecessary and harmful .
It is usually described alongside libertarian Marxism as the libertarian wing ( libertarian socialism ) of the socialist movement and as having a historical association with anti-capitalism and socialism .
The history of anarchism goes back to prehistory , when some humans lived in anarchistic societies long before the establishment of formal states , realms or empires .
With the rise of organised hierarchical bodies , scepticism toward authority also rose , but it was not until the 19th century that a self - conscious political movement emerged .
During the latter half of the 19th and the first decades of the 20th century , the anarchist movement flourished in most parts of the world and had a significant role in workers ' struggles for emancipation .
Various anarchist schools of thought formed during this period .
Anarchists have taken part in several revolutions , most notably in the Spanish Civil War , whose end marked the end of the classical era of anarchism .
In the last decades of the 20th century and into the 21st century , the anarchist movement has been resurgent once more .
Anarchism employs various tactics in order to meet its ideal ends which can be broadly separated into revolutionary and evolutionary tactics .
There is significant overlap between the two which are merely descriptive .
Revolutionary tactics aim to bring down authority and state , having taken a violent turn in the past .
Evolutionary tactics aim to prefigure what an anarchist society would be like .
Anarchist thought , criticism and praxis have played a part in diverse areas of human society .
Criticism of anarchism mainly focuses on claims of it being internally inconsistent , violent and utopian .
Etymology , terminology and definition [ edit ]
The etymological origin of anarchism is from the Ancient Greek anarkhia , meaning " without a ruler " , composed of the prefix an- ( i.e. " without " ) and the word arkhos ( i.e. " leader " or " ruler " ) .
The suffix -ism denotes the ideological current that favours anarchy .
Anarchism appears in English from 1642 as anarchisme and anarchy from 1539 .
Various factions within the French Revolution labelled their opponents as anarchists , although few such accused shared many views with later anarchists .
Many revolutionaries of the 19th century such as William Godwin ( 1756 –1836 ) and Wilhelm Weitling ( 1808 – 1871 ) would contribute to the anarchist doctrines of the next generation , but they did not use anarchist or anarchism in describing themselves or their beliefs .
The first political philosopher to call himself an anarchist ( French : anarchiste ) was Pierre - Joseph Proudhon ( 1809 – 1865 ) , marking the formal birth of anarchism in the mid-19th century .
Since the 1890s and beginning in France , libertarianism has often been used as a synonym for anarchism and its use as a synonym is still common outside the United States .
On the other hand , some use libertarianism to refer to individualistic free - market philosophy only , referring to free - market anarchism as libertarian anarchism .
While the term libertarian has been largely synonymous with anarchism , its meaning has more recently diluted with wider adoption from ideologically disparate groups , including both the New Left and libertarian Marxists ( who do not associate with authoritarian socialists or a vanguard party ) as well as extreme liberals ( primarily concerned with civil liberties ) .
Additionally , some anarchists use libertarian socialist to avoid anarchism 's negative connotations and emphasise its connections with socialism .
Matthew S. Adams and Carl Levy write that anarchism is used to " describe the anti-authoritarian wing of the socialist movement " .
Similarly , Noam Chomsky describes anarchism , alongside libertarian Marxism , as " the libertarian wing of socialism " .
Daniel Guérin wrote :
[ A ] narchism is really a synonym for socialism .
The anarchist is primarily a socialist whose aim is to abolish the exploitation of man by man .
Anarchism is only one of the streams of socialist thought , that stream whose main components are concern for liberty and haste to abolish the State .
While opposition to the state is central to anarchist thought , defining anarchism is not an easy task as there is a lot of discussion among scholars and anarchists on the matter and various currents perceive anarchism slightly differently .
Hence , it might be true to say that anarchism is a cluster of political philosophies opposing authority and hierarchical organisation ( including capitalism , nationalism , the state and all associated institutions ) in the conduct of all human relations in favour of a society based on decentralisation , freedom and voluntary association .
However , this definition has the same shortcomings as the definition based on anti-authoritarianism ( which is an a posteriori conclusion ) , anti-statism ( anarchism is much more than that ) and etymology ( which is simply a negation of a ruler ) .
Nonetheless , major elements of the definition of anarchism include the will for a non-coercive society , the rejection of the state apparatus , the belief that human nature allows humans to exist in or progress toward such a non-coercive society and a suggestion on how to act to pursue the ideal of anarchy .
Herbert L. Osgood claimed that anarchism is " the extreme antithesis " of authoritarian communism and state socialism .
Peter Marshall states that " [ i ] n general anarchism is closer to socialism than liberalism . [...]
Anarchism finds itself largely in the socialist camp , but it also has outriders in liberalism .
It can not be reduced to socialism , and is best seen as a separate and distinctive doctrine " .
According to Jeremy Jennings , " [ i] t is hard not to conclude that these ideas " , referring to anarcho - capitalism , " are described as anarchist only on the basis of a misunderstanding of what anarchism is " .
Jennings adds that " anarchism does not stand for the untrammelled freedom of the individual ( as the ' anarcho - capitalists ' appear to believe ) but , as we have already seen , for the extension of individuality and community " .
Nicolas Walter wrote that " anarchism does derive from liberalism and socialism both historically and ideologically . [...]
In a sense , anarchists always remain liberals and socialists , and whenever they reject what is good in either they betray anarchism itself . [...]
We are liberals but more so , and socialists but more so " .
Michael Newman includes anarchism as one of many socialist traditions , especially the more socialist - aligned tradition following Proudhon and Mikhail Bakunin .
Brian Morriss argues that it is " conceptually and historically misleading " to " create a dichotomy between socialism and anarchism " .
History [ edit ]
Pre-modern era [ edit ]
During the prehistoric era of mankind , an established authority did not exist .
It was after the creation of towns and cities that institutions of authority were established and anarchistic ideas espoused as a reaction .
Most notable precursors to anarchism in the ancient world were in China and Greece .
In China , philosophical anarchism ( i.e. the discussion on the legitimacy of the state ) was delineated by Taoist philosophers Zhuang Zhou and Laozi .
Anarchic attitudes were also articulated by tragedians and philosophers in Greece .
Aeschylus and Sophocles used the myth of Antigone to illustrate the conflict between rules set by the state and personal autonomy .
Socrates questioned Athenian authorities constantly and insisted on the right of individual freedom of conscience .
Cynics dismissed human law ( nomos ) and associated authorities while trying to live according to nature ( physis ) .
Stoics were supportive of a society based on unofficial and friendly relations among its citizens without the presence of a state .
During the Middle Ages , there was no anarchistic activity except some ascetic religious movements in the Muslim world or in Christian Europe .
This kind of tradition later gave birth to religious anarchism .
In the Sasanian Empire , Mazdak called for an egalitarian society and the abolition of monarchy , only to be soon executed by Emperor Kavad I .
In Basra , religious sects preached against the state .
In Europe , various sects developed anti-state and libertarian tendencies .
Libertarian ideas further emerged during the Renaissance with the spread of humanism , rationalism and reasoning through Europe .
Novelists fictionalised ideal societies that were based on voluntarism rather than coercion .
The Age of Enlightenment further pushed towards anarchism with the optimism for social progress .
Modern era [ edit ]
During the French Revolution , partisan groups such as the Enragés and the sans- culottes saw a turning point in the fermentation of anti-state and federalist sentiments .
The first anarchist currents developed throughout the 18th century as William Godwin espoused philosophical anarchism in England , morally delegitimising the state , Max Stirner 's thinking paved the way to individualism and Pierre - Joseph Proudhon 's theory of mutualism found fertile soil in France .
By the late 1870s , various anarchist schools of thought had become well - defined and a wave of then unprecedented globalization occurred from 1880 to 1914 .
This era of classical anarchism lasted until the end of the Spanish Civil War and is considered the golden age of anarchism .
Drawing from mutualism , Mikhail Bakunin founded collectivist anarchism and entered the International Workingmen 's Association , a class worker union later known as the First International that formed in 1864 to unite diverse revolutionary currents .
The International became a significant political force , with Karl Marx being a leading figure and a member of its General Council .
Bakunin 's faction ( the Jura Federation ) and Proudhon 's followers ( the mutualists ) opposed state socialism , advocating political abstentionism and small property holdings .
After bitter disputes , the Bakuninists were expelled from the International by the Marxists at the 1872 Hague Congress .
Anarchists were treated similarly in the Second International , being ultimately expelled in 1896 .
Bakunin famously predicted that if revolutionaries gained power by Marx 's terms , they would end up the new tyrants of workers .
In response to their expulsion from the First International , anarchists formed the St. Imier International .
Under the influence of Peter Kropotkin , a Russian philosopher and scientist , anarcho - communism overlapped with collectivism .
Anarcho - communists , who drew inspiration from the 1871 Paris Commune , advocated for free federation and for the distribution of goods according to one 's needs .
At the turn of the century , anarchism had spread all over the world .
It was a notable feature of the international syndicalism movement .
In China , small groups of students imported the humanistic pro-science version of anarcho - communism .
Tokyo was a hotspot for rebellious youth from countries of the far east , travelling to the Japanese capital to study .
In Latin America , Argentina was a stronghold for anarcho - syndicalism , where it became the most prominent left - wing ideology .
During this time , a minority of anarchists adopted tactics of revolutionary political violence .
This strategy became known as propaganda of the deed .
The dismemberment of the French socialist movement into many groups and the execution and exile of many Communards to penal colonies following the suppression of the Paris Commune favoured individualist political expression and acts .
Even though many anarchists distanced themselves from these terrorist acts , infamy came upon the movement .
Illegalism was another strategy which some anarchists adopted during this period .
Despite concerns , anarchists enthusiastically participated in the Russian Revolution in opposition to the White movement .
However , they met harsh suppression after the Bolshevik government was stabilized .
Several anarchists from Petrograd and Moscow fled to Ukraine , notably leading to the Kronstadt rebellion and Nestor Makhno 's struggle in the Free Territory .
With the anarchists being crushed in Russia , two new antithetical currents emerged , namely platformism and synthesis anarchism .
The former sought to create a coherent group that would push for revolution while the latter were against anything that would resemble a political party .
Seeing the victories of the Bolsheviks in the October Revolution and the resulting Russian Civil War , many workers and activists turned to communist parties which grew at the expense of anarchism and other socialist movements .
In France and the United States , members of major syndicalist movements such as the General Confederation of Labour and the Industrial Workers of the World left their organisations and joined the Communist International .
In the Spanish Civil War of 1936 , anarchists and syndicalists ( CNT and FAI ) once again allied themselves with various currents of leftists .
A long tradition of Spanish anarchism led to anarchists playing a pivotal role in the war .
In response to the army rebellion , an anarchist - inspired movement of peasants and workers , supported by armed militias , took control of Barcelona and of large areas of rural Spain , where they collectivised the land .
The Soviet Union provided some limited assistance at the beginning of the war , but the result was a bitter fight among communists and anarchists at a series of events named May Days as Joseph Stalin tried to seize control of the Republicans .
Post - war era [ edit ]
Rojava 's support efforts for workers to form cooperatives is exemplified in this sewing cooperative
At the end of World War II , the anarchist movement was severely weakened .
However , the 1960s witnessed a revival of anarchism , likely caused by a perceived failure of Marxism–Leninism and tensions built by the Cold War .
During this time , anarchism took root in other movements critical towards both capitalism and the state such as the anti-nuclear , environmental and peace movements , the counterculture of the 1960s and the New Left .
It also saw a transition from its previous revolutionary nature to provocative anti-capitalist reformism .
Anarchism became associated with punk subculture as exemplified by bands such as Crass and the Sex Pistols .
The established feminist tendencies of anarcha - feminism returned with vigour during the second wave of feminism .
Black anarchism began to take form at this time and influenced anarchism 's move from a Eurocentric demographic .
Around the turn of the 21st century , anarchism grew in popularity and influence within anti-capitalist , anti-war and anti-globalisation movements .
Anarchists became known for their involvement in protests against the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) , the Group of Eight and the World Economic Forum .
During the protests , ad hoc leaderless anonymous cadres known as black blocs engaged in rioting , property destruction and violent confrontations with the police .
Other organisational tactics pioneered in this time include affinity groups , security culture and the use of decentralised technologies such as the Internet .
A significant event of this period was the confrontations at the 1999 Seattle WTO conference .
Anarchist ideas have been influential in the development of the Zapatistas in Mexico and the Democratic Federation of Northern Syria , more commonly known as Rojava , a de facto autonomous region in northern Syria .
Thought [ edit ]
Anarchist schools of thought have been generally grouped into two main historical traditions , social anarchism and individualist anarchism , owing to their different origins , values and evolution .
The individualist current emphasises negative liberty in opposing restraints upon the free individual while the social current emphasises positive liberty in aiming to achieve the free potential of society through equality and social ownership .
In a chronological sense , anarchism can be segmented by the classical currents of the late 19th century and the post - classical currents ( anarcha - feminism , green anarchism and post - anarchism ) developed thereafter .
Beyond the specific factions of anarchist movements which constitute political anarchism lies philosophical anarchism which holds that the state lacks moral legitimacy , without necessarily accepting the imperative of revolution to eliminate it .
A component especially of individualist anarchism , philosophical anarchism may tolerate the existence of a minimal state , but it argues that citizens have no moral obligation to obey government when it conflicts with individual autonomy .
Anarchism pays significant attention to moral arguments since ethics have a central role in anarchist philosophy .
Anarchism 's emphasis on anti-capitalism , egalitarianism and for the extension of community and individuality sets it apart from anarcho - capitalism and other types of economic libertarianism .
Anarchism is usually placed on the far - left of the political spectrum .
Much of its economics and legal philosophy reflect anti-authoritarian , anti-statist , libertarian and radical interpretations of left - wing and socialist politics such as collectivism , communism , individualism , mutualism and syndicalism , among other libertarian socialist economic theories .
As anarchism does not offer a fixed body of doctrine from a single particular worldview , many anarchist types and traditions exist and varieties of anarchy diverge widely .
One reaction against sectarianism within the anarchist milieu was anarchism without adjectives , a call for toleration and unity among anarchists first adopted by Fernando Tarrida del Mármol in 1889 in response to the bitter debates of anarchist theory at the time .
Despite separation , the various anarchist schools of thought are not seen as distinct entities , but rather as tendencies that intermingle .
Classical [ edit ]
Pierre - Joseph Proudhon , the primary proponent of mutualism , who influenced many future individualist anarchist and social anarchist thinkers
Inceptive currents among classical anarchist currents were mutualism and individualism .
They were followed by the major currents of social anarchism ( collectivist , communist and syndicalist ) .
They differ on organizational and economic aspects of their ideal society .
Mutualism is an 18th - century economic theory that was developed into anarchist theory by Pierre - Joseph Proudhon .
Its aims include reciprocity , free association , voluntary contract , federation and monetary reform of both credit and currency that would be regulated by a bank of the people .
Mutualism has been retrospectively characterised as ideologically situated between individualist and collectivist forms of anarchism .
In What Is Property ?
( 1840 ) , Proudhon first characterised his goal as a " third form of society , the synthesis of communism and property " .
Collectivist anarchism is a revolutionary socialist form of anarchism commonly associated with Mikhail Bakunin .
Collectivist anarchists advocate collective ownership of the means of production which is theorised to be achieved through violent revolution and that workers be paid according to time worked , rather than goods being distributed according to need as in communism .
Collectivist anarchism arose alongside Marxism , but it rejected the dictatorship of the proletariat despite the stated Marxist goal of a collectivist stateless society .
Anarcho - communism is a theory of anarchism that advocates a communist society with common ownership of the means of production , direct democracy and a horizontal network of voluntary associations , workers ' councils and worker cooperatives , with production and consumption based on the guiding principle " From each according to his ability , to each according to his need " .
Anarcho - communism developed from radical socialist currents after the French Revolution , but it was first formulated as such in the Italian section of the First International .
It was later expanded upon in the theoretical work of Peter Kropotkin , whose specific style would go onto become the dominating view of anarchists by the late 19th century .
Anarcho - syndicalism is a branch of anarchism that views labour syndicates as a potential force for revolutionary social change , replacing capitalism and the state with a new society democratically self - managed by workers .
The basic principles of anarcho - syndicalism are direct action , workers ' solidarity and workers ' self - management .
Individualist anarchism is a set of several traditions of thought within the anarchist movement that emphasise the individual and their will over any kinds of external determinants .
Early influences on individualist forms of anarchism include William Godwin , Max Stirner and Henry David Thoreau .
Through many countries , individualist anarchism attracted a small yet diverse following of Bohemian artists and intellectuals as well as young anarchist outlaws in what became known as illegalism and individual reclamation .
Post - classical and contemporary [ edit ]
Anarchist principles undergird contemporary radical social movements of the left .
Interest in the anarchist movement developed alongside momentum in the anti-globalisation movement , whose leading activist networks were anarchist in orientation .
As the movement shaped 21st century radicalism , wider embrace of anarchist principles signaled a revival of interest .
Anarchism has continued to generate many philosophies and movements , at times eclectic , drawing upon various sources and syncretic , combining disparate concepts to create new philosophical approaches .
The anti-capitalist tradition of classical anarchism has remained prominent within contemporary currents .
Contemporary news coverage which emphasizes black bloc demonstrations has reinforced anarchism 's historical association with chaos and violence .
However , its publicity has also led more scholars to engage with the anarchist movement , although contemporary anarchism favours actions over academic theory .
Various anarchist groups , tendencies and schools of thought exist today , making it difficult to describe the contemporary anarchist movement .
While theorists and activists have established " relatively stable constellations of anarchist principles " , there is no consensus on which principles are core and commentators describe multiple " anarchisms " ( rather than a singular " anarchism " ) in which common principles are shared between schools of anarchism while each group prioritizes those principles differently .
Gender equality can be a common principle , although it ranks as a higher priority to anarcha - feminists than anarcho - communists .
Anarchists are generally committed against coercive authority in all forms , namely " all centralized and hierarchical forms of government ( e.g. , monarchy , representative democracy , state socialism , etc. ) , economic class systems ( e.g. , capitalism , Bolshevism , feudalism , slavery , etc. ) , autocratic religions ( e.g. , fundamentalist Islam , Roman Catholicism , etc. ) , patriarchy , heterosexism , white supremacy , and imperialism " .
However , anarchist schools disagree on the methods by which these forms should be opposed .
The principle of equal liberty is closer to anarchist political ethics in that it transcends both the liberal and socialist traditions .
This entails that liberty and equality cannot be implemented within the state , resulting in the questioning of all forms of domination and hierarchy .
Tactics [ edit ]
Anarchists ' tactics take various forms , but in general , they serve two major goals , namely to first oppose the Establishment and secondly to promote anarchist ethics and reflect an anarchist vision of society , illustrating the unity of means and ends .
A broad categorisation can be made between aims to destroy oppressive states and institutions by revolutionary means on one hand and aims to change society through evolutionary means on the other .
Evolutionary tactics embrace nonviolence , reject violence and take a gradual approach to anarchist aims , although there is significant overlap between the two .
Anarchist tactics have shifted during the course of the last century .
Anarchists during the early 20th century focused more on strikes and militancy while contemporary anarchists use a broader array of approaches .
Classical era tactics [ edit ]
During the classical era , anarchists had a militant tendency .
Not only did they confront state armed forces ( as in Spain and Ukraine ) but some of them also employed terrorism as propaganda of the deed .
Assassination attempts were carried out against heads of state , some of which were successful .
Anarchists also took part in revolutions .
Many anarchists , especially the Galleanists , believed that these attempts would be the impetus for a revolution against capitalism and the state .
The majority of these attempts took place in the late 1870s , the early 1880s and the 1890s , with some still occuring in the early 1900s .
Anarchist perspectives towards violence have always been perplexing and controversial .
On one hand , anarcho - pacifists point out the unity of means and ends .
On the other hand , other anarchist groups advocate direct action , a tactic which can include acts of sabotage or even acts of terrorism .
This attitude was quite prominent a century ago when seeing the state as a tyrant and some anarchists believing that they had every right to oppose its oppression by any means possible .
Emma Goldman and Errico Malatesta , who were proponents of limited use of violence , argued that violence is merely a reaction to state violence as a necessary evil .
Anarchists took an active role in strike actions , although they tended to be antipathetic to formal syndicalism , seeing it as reformist .
They saw it as a part of the movement which sought to overthrow the state and capitalism .
Anarchists also reinforced their propaganda within the arts , some of whom practiced naturism and nudism .
Those anarchists also built communities which were based on friendship and were involved in the news media .
Revolutionary tactics [ edit ]
In the current era , Italian anarchist Alfredo Bonanno , a proponent of insurrectionary anarchism , has reinstated the debate on violence by rejecting the nonviolence tactic adopted since the late 19th century by Kropotkin and other prominent anarchists afterwards .
Both Bonanno and the French group
The Invisible Committee advocate for small , informal affiliation groups , where each member is responsible for their own actions but works together to bring down oppression utilizing sabotage and other violent means against state , capitalism and other enemies .
Members of The Invisible Committee were arrested in 2008 on various charges , terrorism included .
Overall , contemporary anarchists are much less violent and militant than their ideological ancestors .
They mostly engage in confronting the police during demonstrations and riots , especially in countries such as Canada , Greece and Mexico .
Μilitant black bloc protest groups are known for clashing with the police .
However , anarchists not only clash with state operators ; they also engage in the struggle against fascists and racists , taking anti-fascist action and mobilizing to prevent hate rallies from happening .
Evolutionary tactics [ edit ]
Anarchists commonly employ direct action .
This can take the form of disrupting and protesting against unjust hierarchy , or the form of self - managing their lives through the creation of counter - institutions such as communes and non-hierarchical collectives .
Decision - making is often handled in an anti-authoritarian way , with everyone having equal say in each decision , an approach known as horizontalism .
Contemporary - era anarchists have been engaging with various grassroots movements that are more or less based on horizontalism , although not explicitly anarchist , respecting personal autonomy and participating in mass activism such as strikes and demonstrations .
In contrast with the big - A anarchism of the classical era , the newly coined term small - a anarchism signals their tendency not to base their thoughts and actions on classical - era anarchism or to refer to classical anarchists such as Peter Kropotkin and Pierre - Joseph Proudhon to justify their opinions .
Those anarchists would rather base their thought and praxis on their own experience which they will later theorize .
The decision - making process of small anarchist affinity groups plays a significant tactical role .
Anarchists have employed various methods in order to build a rough consensus among members of their group without the need of a leader or a leading group .
One way is for an individual from the group to play the role of facilitator to help achieve a consensus without taking part in the discussion themselves or promoting a specific point .
Minorities usually accept rough consensus , except when they feel the proposal contradicts anarchist ethics , goals and values .
Anarchists usually form small groups ( 5 –20 individuals ) to enhance autonomy and friendships among their members .
These kinds of groups more often than not interconnect with each other , forming larger networks .
Anarchists still support and participate in strikes , especially wildcat strikes as these are leaderless strikes not organised centrally by a syndicate .
As in the past , newspapers and journals are used , but anarchists have gone online in the World Wide Web to spread their message .
However , anarchists have found it easier to create websites because of distributional and other difficulties , hosting electronic libraries and other portals .
Anarchists were also involved in developing various software that are available for free .
The way these hacktivists work to develop and distribute resembles the anarchist ideals , especially when it comes to preserving users ' privacy from state surveillance .
Anarchists organize themselves to squat and reclaim public spaces .
During important events such as protests and when spaces are being occupied , they are often called Temporary Autonomous Zones ( TAZ ) , spaces where art , poetry and surrealism are blended to display the anarchist ideal .
As seen by anarchists , squatting is a way to regain urban space from the capitalist market , serving pragmatical needs and also being an exemplary direct action .
Acquiring space enables anarchists to experiment with their ideas and build social bonds .
Adding up these tactics while having in mind that not all anarchists share the same attitudes towards them , along with various forms of protesting at highly symbolic events , make up a carnivalesque atmosphere that is part of contemporary anarchist vividity .
Key issues [ edit ]
As anarchism is a philosophy that embodies many diverse attitudes , tendencies , schools of thought , disagreement over questions of values , ideology and tactics is common .
Its diversity has led to widely different uses of identical terms among different anarchist traditions which has created a number of definitional concerns in anarchist theory .
The compatibility of capitalism , nationalism and religion with anarchism is widely disputed .
Similarly , anarchism enjoys complex relationships with ideologies such as communism , collectivism , Marxism and trade unionism .
Anarchists may be motivated by humanism , divine authority , enlightened self - interest , veganism , or any number of alternative ethical doctrines .
Phenomena such as civilisation , technology ( e.g. within anarcho - primitivism ) and the democratic process may be sharply criticised within some anarchist tendencies and simultaneously lauded in others .
Gender , sexuality and free love [ edit ]
Émile Armand , a French individualist anarchist who propounded the virtues of free love in the Parisian anarchist milieu of the early 20th century
As gender and sexuality carry along them dynamics of hierarchy , anarchism is obliged to address , analyse and oppose the suppression of one 's autonomy because of the dynamics that gender roles traditionally impose .
A historical current that arose and flourished during 1890 and 1920 within anarchism was free love .
In contemporary anarchism , this current survives as a tendency to support polyamory and queer anarchism .
Free love advocates were against marriage , which they saw as a way of men imposing authority over women , largely because marriage law greatly favoured the power of men .
The notion of free love was much broader and included a critique of the established order that limited women 's sexual freedom and pleasure .
Those free love movements contributed to the establishment of communal houses , where large groups of travelers , anarchists and other activists slept in beds together .
Free love had roots both in Europe and the United States .
However , some anarchists struggled with the jealousy that arose from free love .
Anarchist feminists were advocates of free love , against marriage , pro-choice ( utilising a contemporary term ) and had a similar agenda .
Anarchist and non-anarchist feminists differed on suffrage , but they were nonetheless supportive of one another .
During the second half of the 20th century , anarchism intermingled with the second wave of feminism , radicalising some currents of the feminist movement and being influenced as well .
By the latest decades of the 20th century , anarchists and feminists were advocating for the rights and autonomy of women , gays , queers and other marginalised groups , with some feminist thinkers suggesting a fusion of the two currents .
With the third wave of feminism , sexual identity and compulsory heterosexuality became a subject of study for anarchists , yielding a post - structuralist critique of sexual normality .
However , some anarchists distanced themselves from this line of thinking , suggesting that it leaned towards an individualism that was dropping the cause of social liberation .
Anarchism and education [ edit ]
Anarchist vs. statist perspectives on education
Ruth Kinna ( 2019 ) Anarchist education State education Concept Education as self - mastery Education as service Management Community based State run Methods Practice - based learning Vocational training Aims Being a critical member of society Being a productive member of society
The interest of anarchists in education stretches back to the first emergence of classical anarchism .
Anarchists consider proper education , one which sets the foundations of the future autonomy of the individual and the society , to be an act of mutual aid .
Anarchist writers such as William Godwin ( Political Justice ) and Max Stirner ( " The False Principle of Our Education " ) attacked both state education and private education as another means by which the ruling class replicate their privileges .
In 1901 , Catalan anarchist and free thinker Francisco Ferrer established the Escuela Moderna in Barcelona as an opposition to the established education system which was dictated largely by the Catholic Church .
Ferrer 's approach was secular , rejecting both state and church involvement in the educational process whilst giving pupils large amounts of autonomy in planning their work and attendance .
Ferrer aimed to educate the working class and explicitly sought to foster class consciousness among students .
The school closed after constant harassment by the state and Ferrer was later arrested .
Nonetheless , his ideas formed the inspiration for a series of modern schools around the world .
Christian anarchist Leo Tolstoy , who published the essay Education and Culture , also established a similar school with its founding principle being that " for education to be effective it had to be free " .
In a similar token , A. S. Neill founded what became the Summerhill School in 1921 , also declaring being free from coercion .
Anarchist education is based largely on the idea that a child 's right to develop freely and without manipulation ought to be respected and that rationality will lead children to morally good conclusions .
However , there has been little consensus among anarchist figures as to what constitutes manipulation .
Ferrer believed that moral indoctrination was necessary and explicitly taught pupils that equality , liberty and social justice were not possible under capitalism , along with other critiques of government and nationalism .
Late 20th century and contemporary anarchist writers ( Colin Ward , Herbert Read and Paul Goodman ) intensified and expanded the anarchist critique of state education , largely focusing on the need for a system that focuses on children 's creativity rather than on their ability to attain a career or participate in consumerism as part of a consumer society .
Contemporary anarchists such as Ward have further argued that state education serves to perpetuate socio-economic inequality .
While few anarchist education institutions have survived to the modern day , major tenets of anarchist schools , among them respect for child autonomy and relying on reasoning rather than indoctrination as a teaching method , have spread among mainstream educational institutions .
Judith Suissa names three schools as explicitly anarchists schools , namely the Free Skool Santa Cruz in the United States which is part of a wider American - Canadian network of schools , the Self - Managed Learning College in Brighton , England and the Paideia School in Spain .
Anarchism and the state [ edit ]
Objection to the state and its institutions is a sine qua non of anarchism .
Anarchists consider the state as a tool of domination and believe it to be illegitimate regardless of its political tendencies .
Instead of people being able to control the aspects of their life , major decisions are taken by a small elite .
Authority ultimately rests solely on power , regardless of whether that power is open or transparent , as it still has the ability to coerce people .
Another anarchist argument against states is that the people constituting a government , even the most altruistic among officials , will unavoidably seek to gain more power , leading to corruption .
Anarchists consider the idea that the state is the collective will of the people to be an unachievable fiction due to the fact that the ruling class is distinct from the rest of society .
Anarchism and art [ edit ]
Les chataigniers a Osny ( 1888 ) by anarchist painter ( 1888 ) by anarchist painter Camille Pissarro , an example of blending anarchism and art
The connection between anarchism and art was quite profound during the classical era of anarchism , especially among artistic currents that were developing during that era such as futurists , surrealists and others .
In literature , anarchism was mostly associated with the New Apocalyptics and the neo-romanticism movement .
In music , anarchism has been associated with music scenes such as punk .
Anarchists such as Leo Tolstoy and Herbert Read argued that the border between the artist and the non-artist , what separates art from a daily act , is a construct produced by the alienation caused by capitalism and it prevents humans from living a joyful life .
Other anarchists advocated for or used art as a means to achieve anarchist ends .
In his book Breaking the Spell : A History of Anarchist Filmmakers , Videotape Guerrillas , and Digital Ninjas , Chris Robé claims that " anarchist - inflected practices have increasingly structured movement - based video activism " .
Throughout the 20th century , many prominent anarchists ( Peter Kropotkin , Emma Goldman , Gustav Landauer and Camillo Berneri ) and publications such as Anarchy wrote about matters pertaining to the arts .
Three overlapping properties made art useful to anarchists .
It could depict a critique of existing society and hierarchies , serve as a prefigurative tool to reflect the anarchist ideal society and even turn into a means of direct action such as in protests .
As it appeals to both emotion and reason , art could appeal to the whole human and have a powerful effect .
The 19th - century neo-impressionist movement had an ecological aesthetic and offered an example of an anarchist perception of the road towards socialism .
In Les chataigniers a Osny by anarchist painter Camille Pissarro , the blending of aestetic and social harmony is prefiguring an ideal anarchistic agrarian community .
Criticism [ edit ]
Bertrand Russell , who argued that anarchism was unable to provide all the services that government does
The most common critique of anarchism is that humans can not self govern and a state is necessary for human survival .
Philosopher Bertrand Russell supported this critique , noting that " [ p ] eace and war , tariffs , regulations of sanitary conditions and the sale of noxious drugs , the preservation of a just system of distribution : these , among others , are functions which could hardly be performed in a community in which there was no central government " .
Another common criticism of anarchism is that it fits a world of isolation in which only the small enough entities can be self - governing .
Colin Ward responds that major anarchist thinkers advocated federalism .
Philosophy lecturer Andrew G. Fiala also believed that humans could not self govern and included it in his list of arguments against anarchism .
Fiala 's other critiques were that anarchism is innately related to violence and destruction , not only in the pragmatic world , i.e. at protests , but in the world of ethics as well .
Secondly , anarchism is evaluated as unfeasible or utopian since the state can not be defeated practically .
This line of arguments most often calls for political action within the system to reform it .
The third argument is that anarchism is self - contradictory .
While it advocates for no - one to archiei , if accepted by the many , then anarchism would turn into the ruling political theory .
In this line of criticism also comes the self contradiction that anarchism calls for collective action whilst endorsing the autonomy of the individual , hence no collective action can be taken .
Lastly , Fiala mentions a critique towards philosophical anarchism of being ineffective ( all talk and thoughts ) and in the meantime capitalism and bourgeois class remains strong .
Philosophical anarchism has met the criticism of members of academia following the release of pro-anarchist books such as A. John Simmons ' Moral Principles and Political Obligations .
Law professor William A. Edmundson authored an essay arguing against three major philosophical anarchist principles which he finds fallacious .
Edmundson claims that while the individual does not owe the state a duty of obedience , this does not imply that anarchism is the inevitable conclusion and the state is still morally legitimate .
In The Problem of Political Authority , Michael Huemer defends philosophical anarchism , claiming that " political authority is a moral illusion " .
Another criticism is that anarchism defies and fails to understand the biological inclination to authority as first articulated in an 1886 article for the North American Review by Frances L. Ferguson .
Joseph Raz argues that the acceptance of authority implies the belief that following their instructions will afford more success .
Raz believes that this argument is true in following both authorities ' successful and mistaken instruction .
Anarchists reject this criticism because challenging or disobeying authority does not entail the disappearance of its advantages by acknowledging authority such as doctors or lawyers as reliable , nor does it involve a complete surrender of independent judgment .
Academic John Molyneux notes in his book Anarchism : A Marxist Criticism that " anarchism cannot win " , believing that it lacks the ability to properly implement its ideas .
The Marxist criticism of anarchism is that it has an utopian character because all individuals should have anarchist views and values .
According to the Marxist view , that a social idea would follow directly from this human ideal and out of the free will of every individual formed its essence .
Marxists argue that this contradiction was responsabile for their inability to act .
In the anarchist vision , the conflict between liberty and equality was resolved through coexistence and intertwining .
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Citations [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
Primary sources [ edit ]
Secondary sources [ edit ]
Tertiary sources [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Anarchy Archives .
Anarchy Archives is an online research center on the history and theory of anarchism
This Wonderfully Bizarre Ad for Wasabi Doritos
Is a Love Note to Japan , From Brazil
A giant sea monster attacks a city and menaces its populace , with one brave woman daring to fight back .
Her weapon of choice , sent down from anime heaven , is a [ … ]
Whether you are going to send parcel or anything through sea freight for excess baggage or need to use the international movers for sorting your bigger luggage or furniture items , you need to make sure it comes and is delivered safely wherever you need it to send .
From Australia to other countries , people may use shipping companies or international courier including courier service perth , courier service Melbourne that offer international shipping from australia through the desired couriers and freight services you need .
No matter which type of things are to be shipped , safety and quality of service sis all what people need .
You may use the shipping calculator in case if you need to estimate the overall cost of the shipment .
The common processes that are used in order to deliver the parcel the right ways are :
Collection of the parcel
The first step is the collection of the things or object that needs to be shipped .
You may need to see which things will be shipped in a one box or if there is need to have separate shipments to make sure they are delivered safely .
Analysis of the object and weight measurement
The parcel or the objects are analyzed for the size and weight so that the packing size is determined and in case of customs and duty , the charges are determined as well .
Determining the vulnerability
It is important to see if the product or the parcel is vulnerable to damage or not if it is the packing style and material sis determined accordingly .
Address placement
Address placement is done so that the parcel will be delivered to the right destination in a safe way .
Packaging
Packaging with the right materials is done and things are packed safely for the best delivery to the owner .
Detail documentation
Detailed documentations are obtained and included with the parcel with the address label and other details .
Filling in the box and packing
Filling in the box is also done to provide shock proof containment .
Shipment handling and selection freight
Delivery
FADE IN :
INT .
SPACESHIP
SAM WORTHINGTON awakens from cryogenic sleep as the PILOT comes onto the radio .
PILOT
Alright everyone , we 're now arriving at Pandora .
SAM WORTHINGTON
Pandora ?
No wonder I keep hearing the same twenty songs over and over again .
SAM exits his tiny cryogenic tube and stretches his legs .
SAM WORTHINGTON ( V.O. )
Air travel has been pretty restrictive since the Christmas underwear bomber .
Anyway , it 's 2149 and I 'm about to continue my dead brother 's work to help Giovanni Ribisi make enough money to buy some new vowels for his last name .
Oh , and I 'll be occasionally dropping some voiceover exposition , because what would lazy storytelling be without voiceover ?
INT .
MILITARY BASE - PANDORA
SAM wheels his 145 - YEAR - OLD WHEELCHAIR into a briefing room to hear a speech by STEPHEN LANG .
SAM WORTHINGTON
Holy shit , Duke Nukem Forever really does get released in the future !
STEPHEN LANG
No , I 'm the film 's bullheaded tough guy .
Welcome to Pandora .
There 's not enough oxygen here to breathe , though it 's worth mentioning there is enough oxygen for totally awesome explosions .
SAM WORTHINGTON
Is the gravity at least the same ?
STEPHEN LANG
Actually , we 'll be constantly mentioning the lower gravity here , but it will somehow have absolutely no effect on anyone .
SAM meets SIGOURNEY WEAVER and JOEL MOORE .
SIGOURNEY WEAVER
I hate you because you 're a marine , and marines are stupid .
Though I will turn out to be wrong about you , I will be correct about all other members of the military .
Fuck the troops .
JOEL MOORE
Let 's get you logged into your Avatar 3D IMAX Experience .
SAM WORTHINGTON
So what are these things ?
They look like fucking Night Elves .
Is World of Warcraft still around in the future ?
JOEL MOORE
Actually yes , but you get your epic mount at level 3 now .
Anyway , these are avatars .
They are grown by combining the DNA of the Pandora natives with human DNA , but somehow they come out genetically identical to the natives .
SAM mentally links to BLUE SAM WORTHINGTON .
BLUE SAM WORTHINGTON
I can feel my legs again !
That makes it completely worth how utterly ridiculous I look !
BLUE JOEL MOORE
Be careful with it , Sam .
James Cameron spent millions of dollars to develop the advanced facial capture technology it needs .
BLUE SIGOURNEY WEAVER
Cameron spent millions to develop advanced facial capture technology then strapped it to a guy whose face shows no expression ?
BLUE JOEL MOORE
In spite of his role in fucking up the Terminator franchise , no less .
Guy 's a saint .
EXT .
JUNGLE - PANDORA
The BLUE CAT GROUP travels into the JUNGLE to HUG TREES AND SHIT .
BLUE SIGOURNEY WEAVER
Look Joel , this plant is exactly the same as it was yesterday !
Research !
Science !
Breakthroughs !
BLUE JOEL MOORE
Alright Sam , just keep guard while we do some science .
Keep your eyes open ; this is a fantastical , far - away land , which means that the organisms are all not quite the same as organisms on earth .
BLUE SAM WORTHINGTON
I have a not - quite - rhinocerous staring at me .
And now a not - quite - panther is chasing me .
BLUE SIGOURNEY WEAVER
Run !
Run like McG is chasing you with the script to Terminator 5 !
BLUE SAM WORTHINGTON
( running )
Why the hell did they give me a gun if it can't do anything ?
SAM gets separated from JOEL and SIGOURNEY .
SIGOURNEY WEAVER
We 'd better head back to base before it gets dark .
There 's no way to locate Sam now .
BLUE JOEL MOORE
No way to locate him ?
We spent billions of dollars growing these things and did n't bother giving them a GPS or something ?
I have a fucking GPS in my running shoes .
How does the " jacking in " process work if we can't locate the fucking things ?
Meanwhile SAM wanders deeper into the jungle .
As night falls , the plants start to emit a neon glow .
BLUE SAM WORTHINGTON
Oh fuck , I think I wandered into a Joel Schumacher movie .
Someone , get me out of here !
BLUE ZOE SALDANA
( subtitled )
You should not be here .
Jesus , am I subtitled with the Papyrus font ?
Fuck it , I 'll speak English .
BLUE SAM WORTHINGTON
Take me to your tribe leader .
I need to become a member of your people .
BLUE ZOE SALDANA
Absolutely not .
( pause )
Alright .
SAM and ZOE go to HOMETREE and meet ZOE'S FATHER , WES STUDI .
BLUE WES STUDI
Welcome to my village , Sam Worthington .
I am Wes , a Cherokee actor .
You 've already met my Latina daughter Zoe , and this is my wife , CCH Pounder , a black actresses .
Over here is Laz Alonso , who hates you .
BLUE LAZ ALONSO
I am also played by a black actor .
BLUE SAM WORTHINGTON
Wow , nice to know the casting session was just as awkwardly racist as the rest of the movie .
Are we going to do the same shit as Pocahontas , The Last Samurai , Ferngully , and Dances with Wolves ?
BLUE WES STUDI
Ooh , I was in that last one !
Anyway , Zoe will train you to become one of us and eventually the best of us .
BLUE LAZ ALONSO
What ?!
I am blue with rage !
ZOE takes SAM through PANDORA .
BLUE ZOE SALDANA
We Na'vi are one with nature .
We reject your culture 's love of technology and instead we appreciate the harmony and beauty of the world .
BLUE SAM WORTHINGTON
I sure am glad computer technology has gotten sophisticated enough that James Cameron could make his $ 230 million 3D IMAX movie about rejecting technology !
I think I understand : technology bad , nature good !
BLUE ZOE SALDANA
Exactly !
Not counting the technology that cryogenically froze you , transported you to this planet , sustains your oxygen supply , or allows you to wirelessly link into an avatar , of course .
BLUE SAM WORTHINGTON
Of course .
BLUE ZOE SALDANA
Now , see the winged animals behind me ?
BLUE SAM WORTHINGTON
Yes .
Do we appreciate the beauty and majesty of these grand creatures ?
BLUE ZOE SALDANA
Huh ?
No , we enslave them .
Plug your ponytail into one to take control of it's mind .
Fuck you , blue pterodactyl !</span></span></span>
SAM and ZOE fly around for a while so that the AUDIENCE MEMBERS WEARING UNCOMFORTABLE 3D GLASSES feel they got their money 's worth .
BLUE SAM WORTHINGTON
What the fuck ?
Floating mountains ?
How did " floating mountains " make it all the way from script to storyboard to rendering without anyone asking how mountains can float while people just walk around ?
BLUE ZOE SALDANA
The best part is that the floating mountains have waterfalls .
Where is the water coming from ?
BLUE SAM WORTHINGTON
Holy shit , you 're right !
I think I 'm in love with you !
SAM and ZOE have sex .
BLUE ZOE SALDANA
Oops , is it gay if the braids touch ?
BLUE SAM WORTHINGTON
We 'd better cut to something else before the audience members realize they are watching giant blue kitty cats fuck .
Meanwhile ...
INT .
MILITARY BASE
GIOVANNI RIBISI is talking to STEPHEN LANG .
GIOVANNI RIBISI
Hang on while I putt this ball into this mug for the 3D crowd .
Alright now , I think it may be time to blow up Hometree .
STEPHEN LANG
I growl with approval .
SIGOURNEY WEAVER
You can 't !
Do n't you understand how amazing these trees are ?
Each tree has ten to the fourth connections to the trees around it !
JOEL MOORE
That 's almost ten - thousand connections !
GIOVANNI RIBISI
Listen , I do n't care about trees .
I 'm here to mine Unobtainium !
Mwa ha ha !
SIGOURNEY WEAVER
" Unobtainium " ?
Really ?
May as well have just gone with " MacGuffinium " .
GIOVANNI orders HOMETREE destroyed but BLUE SAM WORTHINGTON tries to stop it .
STEPHEN LANG
Hey , zoom in on that blue guy .
Enhance !
GIOVANNI RIBISI
Oh , did you just say " enhance " while looking at a paused video ?
I think I just got Movie Cliche Bingo !
STEPHEN storms into the AVATAR LINK ROOM to unplug SAM WORTHINGTON .
JOEL MOORE
No , do n't !
Unplugging an avatar is extremely dangerous !
STEPHEN LANG
And yet we 're going to do it like ten times in the movie without consequence !
STEPHEN unplugs SAM then locks him , JOEL , and SIGOURNEY in a cell .
MICHELLE RODRIGUEZ breaks them out .
MICHELLE RODRIGUEZ
Stephen just blew the fuck out of Hometree .
I disobeyed a direct order and left , but I guess that 's alright in the future because I 'm not locked in there with you .
Let 's go fly the mobile avatar link station into the jungle somewhere .
SAM WORTHINGTON
But how will that work , without any connections to anything of any kind , including a power source ?
MICHELLE RODRIGUEZ
ALL THINGS IN JAMES CAMERON'S DREAMS ARE POSSIBLE IN THE FUTURE !
SAM links back up with BLUE SAM and captures THE ONLY THING ON THE PLANET THAT ISN'T BLUE OR GREEN .
SAM WORTHINGTON ( V.O. )
Somehow , I was the first guy to ever think of jumping onto the red flying pterodactyl from above .
So that made me the king or something , and I went around gathering natives all around the planet to help defend against the next attack .
STEPHEN LANG
Giovanni , someone is gathering Na'vi together to defend the Tree of Souls .
They 've gone from ten to the second to over ten to the third Na'vi !
GIOVANNI RIBISI
Hmm .
What would Paul Reiser from Aliens do ?
I guess , murder everyone .
STEPHEN assembles a team to bomb the TREE OF SOULS .
BLUE SAM WORTHINGTON leads a counterattack .
Even MICHELLE RODRIGUEZ helps !
MICHELLE RODRIGUEZ
You 're not the only one with a gun , bitch .
( dies )
Okay now you are , bitch .
BLUE SAM WORTHINGTON takes down the ship carrying the bomb , causing it to detonate a few yards from the original target and therefore doing NO DAMAGE .
STEPHEN LANG enters a BATTLEMECH and jumps to the surface .
BLUE SAM WORTHINGTON
A battlemech ?
Really ?
STEPHEN LANG
James Cameron is convinced every movie would be better with battlemechs .
To be fair , he 's probably right .
BLUE SAM WORTHINGTON
Huh .
Well , there 's only one thing in the world that could possibly make a battle between an 8 - foot - tall smurf and a giant mech any more ridiculous .
STEPHEN LANG
A knife fight .
STEPHEN and SAM fight .
Eventually , SAM wins !
And some 3D ARROWS jump out at the AUDIENCE but in a totally immersive and not - at - all gimmicky way !
BLUE ZOE SALDANA
Sam , we did it !
Why are n't you more excited ?
BLUE SAM WORTHINGTON
Well , I 'm confused .
I can't figure out why the internet is so in love with this movie .
It 's just another three - hour James Cameron blockbuster that uses an absurdly cliche plot full of painfully corny dialogue to hold together what is merely a showcase for stunning special effects .
BLUE ZOE SALDANA
Simple .
People on the internet can't dress up as characters from Titanic .
Half the internet is Furries , dude .
END
ADD
There are many types of ADD , one in particular under consideration for treatment with medical marijuana , termed " Racing Brain Syndrome " ( RBS ) .
Patients with this type -- whom do not respond to available ADD medication , due to an origin of a different source -- mostly claim to have racing thoughts , which pass by much too quickly for them to absorb .
Marijuana slows down this process sufficiently , achieving impressive improvement in the functionality of those patients .
Since ADD is diagnosed in a variety of conditions , the research available for therapeutic use of medical marijuana in this case is limited .
There is another drug that 's known for its use in RBS patients , called Dextrostat .
According to Onlinepot.org , " Individuals with RBS tend to have a very low tolerance for most stimulants " .
Low doses of Dextrostat are the exception .
Despite its calming effect , the drug is said not to address any higher mental functions required for " complex intellectual demands " .
Larger doses cause undesirable mental / physical stimulation , limiting the amount of medication that can be tolerated .
Additionally provided by this article ,
" Medical marijuana remains the only single medication that provides an adequate solution for RBS , and remains a necessary component in a multi- drug approach .
Dextrostat does appear to reduce the amount of medical marijuana needed by individuals with RBS to achieve a functional mental state .
This reduction probably justifies continuing with Dextrostat as a means of reducing the quantity of medical marijuana that must consumed , as well as allow those with RBS to gain the maximum benefit possible within the quantity limitations of the OMMA . "
Many similar instances of unpleasant experiences involved in the use of Dextrostat are observed in patients with depression , taking SSRI 's such as Percocet .
Both these drugs and medical marijuana influence the release / functions of serotonin , apparently creating increased effectiveness and availability of it .
This leads to the appearance that a deficit of serotonin may be involved in the cause of RBS somehow .
http://www.onlinepot.org/medical/add&mmj.htm
Demand for Bible outstripping supply in China
The Bible Society has reported a growing demand for copies of the Bible in China where an estimated 500,000 people converted to Christianity in 2009 alone .
Although some four million Bibles were printed and distributed across China last year , the rapid growth of the church year on year means that demand for Bibles is now outstripping supply , according to the Bible Society .
The official number of Christians in China stands at 28.6 million , but it is believed the true figure could be as high as 90 million if the estimated number of worshippers at unofficial house churches is included .
The UK - based Bible Society subsidises the cost of printing Bibles to keep the cost below £ 2 a copy , vital for Christians living in China ’s rural heartland , where 70 per cent of churchgoers are found and half the population live on less than $ 2 a day .
The Bibles are printed at the state - owned Amity Printing Company , which has printed around 70 million Bibles since it was established in 1987 .
Around 50 million of them have gone to Chinese believers .
“ As more and more people are joining the Church they are asking for a Bible , ” says Bible Society ’s China Partnership Co-ordinator Kua Wee Seng .
“ Every year we have to raise funds for Bible subsidy .
The reason is that in the rural areas where most Christians are found , they are living in relatively poor conditions .
In order for them to have a copy of the Bible we have to provide paper so that a Bible is affordable for most of the Christians in China .
“ This is a time of opportunity in China .
Many of us feel that we must n’t miss this opportunity or people will turn to something else , other than Christianity . ”
Cloud computing is one of the most hyped technology concepts in recent memory , and , like many buzzwords , the term " cloud " is overloaded and overused .
A while back Ars ran an article attempting to clear some of the confusion by reviewing the cloud 's hardware underpinnings and giving it a proper definition , and in this article I 'll flesh out that picture on the software side by offering a brief tour of the cloud platform options available to development teams today .
I 'll also discuss these options ' key strengths and weaknesses , and I 'll conclude with some thoughts about the kinds of advances we can expect in the near term .
In all , though , it 's important to keep in mind that what 's presented here is just a snapshot .
The cloud is evolving very rapidly — critical features that seem to be missing today may be standard a year from now .
Before I begin , it 's worth noting one of the key reasons for the confusion that surrounds cloud computing .
Unlike most hot tech trends that attain buzzword status , the aspects of the cloud that make it a truly new form of client - server ( e.g. , rapid scalability from a few resource units to tens of thousands , metered usage models , the ability to access resources from any Internet - connected device , low barriers to client entry , etc. ) also make it impossible , at least from a developer 's perspective , to pin down into traditional " enterprise , " " small to medium business , " or " consumer " boxes that the IT world traditionally thinks in terms of .
Enterprises , SMBs , and tiny startups , and lone coders all run their code on the cloud platforms described below .
It 's true that each category of user faces different parameters and constraints when deciding how and where to use cloud services , and I 'll reference a few of the issues that enterprise users face in the article below .
But just because the basic perspective of this article is that of enterprise IT , much of the material has relevance to non-enterprise users , as well .
The choices
Roughly speaking , developers face four main choices for hosting a Web application :
Buy servers and rent colocation space for them , a model
I 'll refer to as do - it - yourself " DIY " Traditional hosting services that provide
leased servers or fractions thereof Cloud - based Infrastructure as a
Service ( IaaS ) platforms such as Amazon Web Services Platform as a
Service ( PaaS ) providers such as Google 's App Engine or Saleforce.com's
Force.com
( Again , see our prior article for definitions of these terms . )
Many in the industry already have strong notions about which choice is best for their applications , often a result of one or two overriding concerns , such as management overhead , cost , security , or control of sensitive data .
Cost in particular tends to incite expansive claims from both pro- and anti-cloud camps , while the truth is definitely in the middle : cloud environments can be expensive , but they can also lead to huge cost savings , depending on the specifics of a situation .
When considering the options below , you should do the math for your project rather than accept someone else 's fuzzy accounting .
Superficially , each step up the ladder from DIY to PaaS primarily involves lowering fixed costs ( both time and dollars ) in exchange for reduced control over the environment , and , potentially , greater long - term operating costs .
The DIY approach requires accurately estimating server and network requirements , purchasing hardware , contracting data center space , and operating the entire server and network environment — a sizable job , especially if there is uncertainty about the application 's ultimate requirements .
For very small teams , these requirements make DIY prohibitive , but if the resources are available , many IT managers believe they can achieve the highest levels of efficiency , security , and / or reliability with handcrafted infrastructure .
How often this is actually true is a matter of debate , but the trend is clear : as competition among cloud infrastructure providers increases , cloud services will be increasingly able to compete convincingly .
( Some have argued that DIY creates maximal job security for IT professionals , pre-disposing some to this approach against the best interest of their employers .
I will take no position on the frequency of such a phenomenon . )
Traditional hosting
The " traditional " hosting category spans a vast range of offerings , from cheap static website hosting to managed custom datacenters .
The line between some of these offerings and true cloud services is sometimes blurred , with some companies ( such as Rackspace ) offering both .
Most teams can find what they need in the range between DIY and traditional , but there are certain drawbacks : the huge number of competing providers with wildly varying prices , capacities , and quality levels makes selecting a vendor a real challenge .
Once a vendor is selected , there are barriers to change : new services can take time to bring online , and favorable pricing is often only available for longer lease terms .
Scale - up cost is also a concern .
A typical pricing model that charges for a suite of services with a high monthly per-server price makes sense at a small scale , but such a model becomes very expensive very fast as servers are added .
All that said , with all the hype around cloud services , it can be easy to dismiss other hosting services out of hand ; if your application has specialized infrastructure needs , there are still many services available which are n't ( yet ) offered by the major cloud providers .
Infrastructure as a Service
So much for the DIY and " traditional " hosting options ; we 're here to talk about cloud computing services .
The two basic flavors of cloud computing that are interesting to developers are IaaS and PaaS , and each has its individual strengths and weaknesses .
IaaS services offer building blocks : computers and storage , and possibly other services such as monitoring , load balancing , etc. , as discrete units .
In many ways , this resembles the feature set of traditional hosting shops , a similarity which has led many in the industry to decry cloud services as little more than a marketing fad .
The unwary sometimes approach IaaS services such as Amazon 's Web Services expecting to avoid system - maintenance work altogether , only to find that higher - level infrastructure tasks ( i.e. monitoring ) are not only still essential , but are made more difficult by the fluid nature of the cloud environment .
However , cloud IaaS has some key distinct properties .
Capacity is available quickly on an as - needed basis ; services are sold a la carte , and are billed based on measured usage rather than at a standard periodic rate ; resources are anonymous and fungible , and are often shared and moved around behind the scenes ; management is heavily automated .
Beyond that , there 's little magic here , as the basic building blocks are familiar ones .
But the on - demand nature of cloud systems makes them far easier than traditional hosting for developers to leverage : developers can start and stop using services as required with the confidence of easy availability and costs based only on what they use .
For a system currently under development , this is a huge flexibility advantage over traditional hosting setups .
For a system with large , variable - size data - processing workloads that previously depended on an in - house computing grid , it 's a game changer .
So , let 's take a look at the major IaaS offerings available today , from a developer 's perspective :
Amazon Web Services :
The main player in this space in unquestionably Amazon , who got the cloud IaaS ball rolling when it introduced its Simple Storage Service ( S3 ) and Elastic Computing Cloud ( EC2 ) way back in 2006 .
EC2 combined with S3 and the Elastic Block Store ( EBS ) service now offer a complete and highly configurable server environment that allows teams to build pretty much anything they want on Amazon 's infrastructure .
In addition to the basic infrastructure , Amazon offers a diverse array of secondary tools for structured data storage , load balancing , data processing , load monitoring , e-commerce , VPN connectivity , a CDN , and even " Human Intelligence Tasks " via the Mechanical Turk service , all of which customers are free to use or ignore as they see fit .
When developers think of " cloud computing , " this is often the benchmark they think of , and rightly so — thus far , Amazon has been reasonably reliable , has expanded their offerings on a regular basis , and has kept prices moving downwards .
Cross - platform libraries and tools for interacting with the AWS APIs are readily available and fairly mature .
Still , not all of Amazon 's services are fully baked at this time : SimpleDB , for example , has serious performance and semantic limitations that disqualify it from most real - world database workloads ( see my upcoming article on structured storage in the cloud for more on this topic ) .
And today , much more than a year ago , there are competitors nipping at Amazon 's heels .
If you 're about to roll out to EC2 , pause for a moment to consider the alternatives .
In second place behind Amazon is Rackspace , a large provider of managed server hosting before the rise of cloud computing .
Rackspace has pivoted to offer cloud IaaS services alongside its traditional offerings .
It offers CloudServers , similar in many ways to EC2 but cost - competitive and packaged with simpler state - management capabilities , and CloudFiles , an S3 clone with a potentially cheaper pricing structure .
Also in the field is Joyent , which offers virtual servers , databases , and storage for fixed monthly rates , rather than metered usage .
The company targets a premium market position with somewhat higher base costs coupled with nominally higher performance - per - dollar and some specialized tools and services .
Microsoft has also recently bellowed a loud " me too ! " and joined the cloud IaaS fray with Windows Azure , a hosting service for .NET applications and SQL databases .
The primary focus seems to be on enterprise and network - enabled desktop applications , and Azure includes AppFabric , a robust communications system to help plumb connections to and from cloud resources .
The jury is very much still out on this one from a developer 's perspective , but as always , Microsoft is playing a long game and Azure is already starting to figure into the strategy for their other products .
Finally , it 's worth noting that the IaaS ecosystem has spawned a number of add - on service providers such as Rightscale and Hyperic , which provide hosted management tools for IaaS environments and fill in some of the gaps in the base offerings .
These tools are definitely worth a look for teams which have chosen to build directly on IaaS .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
An Australian grandmother has survived a shark attack by repeatedly punching and kicking the animal after it " ripped off " part of her body .
Paddy Trumbull , 60 , suffered deep bite wounds and lost a huge amount of blood in the incident while snorkelling near the Whitsunday Islands , Queensland .
Doctors say Mrs Trumbull is fortunate to be alive after suffering such a ferocious mauling .
At hospital , she joked about now having to get a " remodelled bottom " .
Speaking from her hospital bed to local media , she said that while snorkelling from a chartered boat with her husband and others , she felt " the most almighty huge tug " and " knew immediately what it was " .
Paddy Trumbull , lying on her stomach , lost 40 % of her blood in the attack " I turned around and I saw this huge shark . "
Mrs Trumbull said : " I then thought ' this shark 's not going to get the better of me ' and I started punching it on the nose , punching , punching , punching .
" And then it got me under the water , but not much because I started kicking at its neck . "
She said she had " a bit of a tug of war " with the 1.5 m ( 5 ft ) shark , knowing that it had ripped her flesh as she could see blood , but she felt no pain .
She was pulled on board the boat and given first aid , before being airlifted to Mackay Base Hospital where she underwent surgery .
Surgeon Mark Flanagan said : " We can estimate that she lost about 40 per cent of her blood volume from the degree of shock that she had when she came in , and the fact that we required to give her several units of blood . "
Mrs Trumbull said she was happy to be alive .
" I think they 're going to get me a counsellor on Monday , to sort of sort it out , and I have to have a new , remodelled bottom , so that 's a positive . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Temps de lecture : 4 min
Concernant l'affaire Noël , il y a clairement un schisme sociétal entre ceux qui adorent les fêtes de fins d'année , qui restent sensibles à leur magie , s'extasient devant les vitrines , décorent le sapin avec autant de guirlandes que d'enthousiasme , et en face d'eux , il y a ceux que cette abondance consumériste écœure , que l'obligation du repas en famille exaspère , que cette joie programmée déprime .
Mais tous se rejoignent sur un point : faire les courses de Noël dans les boutiques bondées ressemble peu ou prou à un cercle de l'Enfer que Dante aurait omis de décrire .
Heureusement , internet fut et nous sommes de plus en plus nombreux à acheter les cadeaux via le web .
C'est ce que je m'apprêtais à faire quand j'ai découvert les sites de ventes de jouets par internet .
Il a suffi d'un clic pour que mon écran soit noyé sous une profusion aveuglante de vignettes de jouets pour enfants , de pop-ups dans tous les sens , de couleurs criardes .
Mais dans cette horreur du l'univers du jouet , d'aimables personnes sont prêtes à vous aider .
Pour la modique somme de 50 centimes d'euros la minute quand même .
En d'autres termes , il existe des coachs téléphoniques spécialistes du shopping pour enfant ICI .
Et oui .
Ce qui plaiderait plutôt pour une vision infernale de Noël , un enfer qui a donc ses gardiens .
Dans ma recherche du jouet idéal qui ne me fera pas passer pour une tata pingre et sans imagination , je prospecte consciencieusement et je tombe sur , ou plutôt dans , la rubrique des jouets dits d'imitation .
Aka la pire catégorie d'amusement possible .
Ces instruments permettent au bambin de mimer les activités des adultes , de reproduire les schémas comportementaux de ses parents .
Les enfants adorent ça - comme quoi , l'imagination enfantine peut se révéler très limitée .
Evidemment , les enfants tendront à reproduire ce qu'ils voient .
Et c'est l'occasion de prendre conscience que ce que les petits voient de la vie des grands est absolument désolant .
C'est une suite de jouets navrants qui reproduisent les aspects les plus ennuyeux de la vie quotidienne .
Par exemple le jouet « charriot de supermarché » Amuse - toi à mimer papa et maman faisant les courses au supermarché le samedi .
Ou le jouet du poulet rôti à découper :
Ou alors , dans une catégorie qui se situe très loin au - delà de l'enfer ça :
Le pack produits ménagers .
Merci Jouetclub .
Mais le plus intéressant dans ces jouets c'est la répartition des tâches qu'ils tendent à perpétuer .
Certains sites ont fait l'effort de supprimer les catégories de jouets par sexe au profit d'un simple classement par âge .
Mais d'autres maintiennent qu'il existe des jouets pour les petits garçons et des jouets pour les petites filles .
Qu'est - ce donc qu'un jouet d'imitation pour une petite fille ?
C'est simple , c'est soit ça :
Un aspirateur donc .
Soit ça :
Et des cuisines pour les petites filles qui veulent faire comme maman , on en trouve des tas :
Ou encore pire : un charriot de nettoyage , classé dans la catégorie " Fille " .
( Et après , on s'étonne de l'inégalité dans la répartition des tâches ménagères . )
A l'inverse , dans la catégorie " Garçon " du même site , on ne parle pas d'imiter son papa .
Non .
Pour une raison bien simple , aux petits garçons on ne leur parle pas sur ce ton mielleux et bêtifiant .
Il suffit de comparer les descriptifs des produits pour s'en convaincre .
Sans même parler de la nature des produits ...
Plusieurs blogs recensent le pire de ces jouets sexués - un rencensement qui prend même une forme collaborative avec un groupe facebook dédié au top 10 des jouets sexistes .
Que démontrent ces jouets ?
D'abord , leur forte valeur misogyne .
Non pas parce qu'il serait dégradant de faire le ménage évidemment .
Mais parce que le ménage devient l'activité des petites filles à l'exclusion des petits garçons .
C'est la petite fille qui va aider au ménage .
De même que c'est forcément l'activité de maman à l'exclusion de papa .
Que les enfants aient une vision de leurs parents comme des êtres remplissant des fonctions nourricières et domestiques basiques c'est normal .
Mais ici , seule maman est présente .
Papa on ne l'aide pas à faire la cuisine ou le ménage .
CQFD
Ensuite , ces jouets ont une valeur prescriptive , que les concepteurs le veuillent ou pas .
C'est - à - dire qu'ils sont autant d'indications adressées aux enfants pour modéliser leur vision du monde et d'eux - mêmes , leur place dans la société .
C'est ce qu'explique la théorie des genres .
Le genre , c'est le sexe social .
En offrant à la petite fille des chariots de ménage , on va façonner son genre féminin .
C'est en associant son sexe , donnée biologique , au ménage , donnée sociale , qu'on crée donc le genre .
Une détermination qui n'est pas sans conséquence .
Ainsi , une expérience avait été faite par l'universitaire Claude Steele pour expliquer pourquoi les jeunes américaines réussissaient moins bien les tests de mathématiques à l'entrée en fac que leurs collègues hommes .
Il a suffi que le même test ne soit plus présenté comme un test de mathématique pour que les filles obtiennent les mêmes résultats que les garçons .
Comme le dit un article du CNRS , « les stéréotypes , en particulier celui lié à l'infériorité supposée des femmes en mathématiques , ont la capacité de créer de toute pièce la réalité qu'ils ne prétendent que décrire . »
La même expérience a été faite en France par Pascal Huguet ( CNRS ) et Isabelle Régner ( Université de Toulouse ) .
Ils ont fait faire un même test présenté sous l'intitulé géométrie ou dessin selon les cas , à plusieurs centaines d'élèves filles et garçons de 6ème et de 5ème .
« Conformément à l'hypothèse de Steele , les filles en condition « géométrie » produisent une performance inférieure à celle des garçons .
Cette différence s'inverse dans la condition « dessin » !
Le simple fait de croire que le test présenté implique des compétences en mathématiques suffit donc à entraver la performance des filles , cela quel que soit leur niveau de performance dans ce domaine .
En effet , les filles avec une moyenne supérieure à 14/20 en mathématiques n'échappent pas à ce phénomène , dont on imagine les conséquences dramatiques lorsque l'enjeu est un examen d'entrée à l'université .
Pour réussir en mathématiques , les filles doivent donc surmonter un handicap psychosocial ( et non biologique ) auquel les garçons n'ont pas à faire face . »
Evidemment , il faudrait un raccourci effronté pour oser dire que vendre des charriots de ménage aux petites filles parce qu'elles sont des petites filles entraine leur échec en math .
Et pourtant .
C'est parce qu'elles intériorisent dès leur plus jeune âge la somme de ces présupposés genrés que leurs comportements futurs sont amenés à les reproduire .
Titiou Lecoq
Image de Une : photo Reuters / Stephen Hird , Petite fille posant avec un jouet de cuisine à l'exposition du Jouet de Rêve , à Londres ( 15 octobre 2008 )
' Condition ' may be included in new edition of Diagnostic and Statistical Manual , the industry bible
Childhood temper tantrums , teenage irritability and binge eating may soon rate as psychiatric disorders in the US , according to proposed changes to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual , the bible of the psychiatric profession .
The proposals are the product of a 10 - year effort to update the handbook , which influences the vast network of American healthcare providers , insurance companies , courts , prisons and universities .
At stake are billions of dollars in insurance payments , pharmaceutical sales and medical fees .
The proposed revisions , published online today , will be subject to public comment until late April .
" It not only determines how mental disorders are diagnosed , it can impact how people see themselves and how we see each other , " Alan Schatzberg , president of the American Psychiatric Association , which publishes the guide , told reporters .
" It influences how research is conducted as well as what is researched .
It affects legal matters , industry and government programmes . "
The DSM is in its fourth edition .
It has been criticised for formalising character traits and emotions into mental conditions and for encouraging their medical treatment , often with drugs that have powerful side effects .
Christopher Lane , a professor at Northwestern University and author of 2007 DSM critique Shyness : How Normal Behavior Became a Sickness , said : " The organisation is clearly opening another Pandora 's box here , as well as paving the way for the medication of even - greater numbers of children and teenagers cycling through emotional stages as part of normal development . "
In an email , Lane said that categorising binge eating as a psychiatric disorder risks classifying millions of Americans as mentally ill at a time when the country is trying to rein in health care costs .
Among the proposals is a new condition , " temper dysregulation with dysphoria " , characterised by " severe , recurrent outbursts of temper " several times a week , that are " grossly out of proportion to the situation or provocation and that interfere significantly with functioning " .
To be considered , the " symptoms " must have been " diagnosed " before age 10 .
The proposed revisions would also recognise binge eating as a disorder .
The condition is " characterised by recurring episodes of the consumption of unusually large amounts of food , accompanied by a sense of loss of control and strong feelings of embarrassment and guilt " .
These episodes would need to occur at least once a week over the last three months , and the writers were keen to distinguish it from mere overeating .
" While overeating is a challenge for many Americans , recurrent binge eating is much less common and far more severe and is associated with significant physical and psychological problems , " wrote Dr B Timothy Walsh .
The panels proposed a new category of condition called " risk syndromes " , in which a patient is at risk for a mental disorder that is not yet present .
For example , a moody teenager who displays " excessive suspicion , delusions and disorganised speech or behaviour " may be labelled as having psychosis risk syndrome .
The panel estimated that a quarter to a third of people who suffer from those " symptoms " go on to develop a psychotic disorder , and the writers acknowledged the new category could lead to inaccurate diagnosis of some who are not at risk .
" Given the severity of psychotic disorders , and evidence that early treatment may mitigate its long - term consequences , we believed that it was important to begin to recognise these conditions as early as possible , " wrote Dr William Carpenter of the American Psychiatric Association 's psychotic disorders work group .
The panels who proposed the revisions also took into account how race , ethnicity and gender affect the incidence of psychiatric disorders , and studied how those categories affect the expression of symptoms .
For example , researchers noted differing ways of experiencing and describing symptoms of panic among some Asian and Hispanic patients .
The panel also recommended discarding the term " mental retardation " in diagnoses , replacing it with " intellectual disability " .
After all the hype leading up to its revelation , the iPad has gotten mixed early reviews , tilting a little towards negative .
The iPad has its cons , to be sure : the inability to multitask and the lack of a camera being the worst two strikes against it .
But it ’s worth remembering the harsh initial reaction against a certain other flawed Apple device : that would be the iPod , in 2001 .
Looking back at the knowledgeable techie news forums of the day , you may experience deja vu : a lot of the anti-Apple talking points and storylines are surprisingly similar .
A MacRumors commenter , October , 2001 :
“ Sounds very revolutionary to me .
hey – heres an idea Apple – rather than enter the world of gimmicks and toys , why dont you spend a little more time sorting out your pathetically expensive and crap server line up ?
or are you really aiming to become a glorified consumer gimmicks firm ? ”
Another :
“ Mmmm . APPL is already down $ 1.00 …
Looks like the markets are n’t looking too favorably on Apple ’s new forays into the digital device market .
Of course the iPod is cool , neat , whatever .
You would n’t expect anything less from Apple .
But I agree with most on this forum .
$ 400 is simply too much in the present economic climate .
One other thing .
I ’d like to know what their margins for the iPod are … ”
A prescient comment from Slashdot :
“ Keep in mind it ’s $ 400 right now becuase the Apple Fanatics will have to have one .
They ’ll pay anything for the latest cool toy from Apple .
In 6 months , hopefully the rest of us will be buying the 20 GB version for $ 200 . ”
And one more from MacRumors , which Hacker News had a lot of fun with and which could not have been written in any year not known as 2001 :
“ I have a cd walkman and a burner already , and besides that now that I do n’t have a dotcom job anymore I need that $ 400 to pay car payments and rent . ”
None of this proves anything about the iPad , per se .
But it does go to show that snapshot tech punditry is not always the most accurate gauge of the future .
( h/t Hacker News )
Have a tip we should know ?
tips@themarysue.com
This is the post on THAI – Toe to Heel Air Injection for the recovery of heavy oils , which is part of the ongoing technical post ( tech talk ) series that I write on Sundays .
It is a subject that has been described several times in the past at The Oil Drum .
I first mentioned it back in 2006 when the first underground test was underway at White Sands .
For a while , when I was a student , I had an attic bedroom that was heated by a small coal fire , with a relatively short chimney up to the roof .
I learned , fairly early on , that in starting the fire you needed a fairly high velocity air flow across the coals , and underlying firewood strips .
And to get this I would rest a shovel over the front of the fireplace , and try and seal off the sides .
I kept a small bellows beside the fire to help when this was n’t particularly successful .
When you are starting a fire underground the provision of air is critical , but when you are trying to burn the residual coke that is left , after the heat has cracked the rest of the oil and caused it to flow away , keeping that air flowing at a high enough rate to sustain the high - temperature burn becomes somewhat critical to most efficient operation , particularly if the air has to get through a sand layer to reach the fire .
I used this illustration at the time .
It is an artist ’s impression of a side view of the site , with the blue dotted horizontal line representing the recovery well and air being fed in from a higher well into the formation .
The test at White Sands in Alberta has been followed by a test at Lloydminster in Saskatchewan which got underway in a more conventional heavy oil last October .
The Kerrobert project followed much on the procedures from the earlier test , and the currently planned full scale production at May River ( Large pdf file )
Petrobank , which is partnered with Baytex Energy Trust on the 50/50 joint venture , recently sunk two vertical air - injection wells and two horizontal production wells into the extensive Mannville conventional oil reservoir near Kerrobert .
Compressed air was added last week after a temporary steaming of the ground to mobilize the oil around the injector site .
With the addition of the air , spontaneous underground combustion has begun .
" I think we will see some oil as early as today , " Bloomer said .
Don and Gail described the THAI process in 2007 and have given some history on its use , THAI having been patented by Petrobank who have a 12 minute video on the process and the first trial and preparation for full scale production .
It is well worth watching .
Dave Murphy had an update on the EROI costs in March of last year .
While watching the video is the best way to understand the process , it can also be illustrated with a picture from the plan for May River and I will lift some parts of that document to describe what is planned for that site .
Illustration of the key parts of the process .
The horizontal wells are drilled ( a suite of eighteen wells , each with a 2,000 ft horizontal section , spaced 410 ft apart ) some 7 ft above the bottom of the formation ( or the water table if that becomes an issue ) .
Above these the air injection wells are drilled directionally and offset from the toe of the well .
( By using directional drilling air injection can be better controlled than with the original vertical wells ) .
Layout of the air injection ( upper ) and production wells .
Once the wells are in position steam will be injected and circulated for a period of 3 months to bring the sand and bitumen up to around 100 deg C , then air will be injected to start combustion .
The part of the bitumen that burns as the process develops is the residual asphaltene that is left after the lighter fractions are either evaporated , flow away at reduced viscocity or are cracked by the high temperature (> 400 deg C ) .
The residual material , apparently about 10 % of the OOIP , provides the fuel , driving some 90 % of the fuel into the production well .
To sustain production after ignition and flame front stabilization has occurred , the wells will carry some 4.4 million cf / day into the formation , and about the same amount of a mix of carbon monoxide , carbon dioxide , and hydrocarbon gas will be released .
As the video notes that gas will be used on site to generate electricity to run the air compressors , and to provide site power .
Based on the earlier tests the site is anticipated to generate some 10,000 bd of cracked bitumen , and about twice that in water production .
The flame front will move forward at between 5 and 10 inches a day .
The oil is projected to be a significant upgrade of the original bitumen .
The water has the potential for being sold to other operators in the area for use in SAGD production .
Comparison of bitumen with THAI produced oil .
The energy efficiency of the site is anticipated to be 85.7 % .
It should be noted that the document I have taken this information from also contains a conservation and reclamation plan .
( But at 653 pages long for the whole document I have only noted key passages for the theme of the post ) .
In response to my SAGD post both Rockman and RockyMtnGuy commented about using underground combustion to help with getting the bitumen from the oil sand .
One of the things that they were concerned about , as was I , is the control of the flame front which becomes more difficult as the height of the production zone is around 70 ft .
However at May River they plan on burning from the outside in , so this may control the extent to which the fire overburns .
In addition , as I noted at the beginning of the post , it is rather difficult sometimes to sustain the right temperatures without a high flow of air , and that may provide a further control .
The conditions are somewhat different at Kerrobert where the oil is less viscous and the formation is around 100 ft thick .
This has caused some problems since the well flows exceeded what had been anticipated :
the original plan was to use temporary hydraulic pumps on each well to create a drawdown pressure across the horizontal well and , as combustion gas production increased , pumping would cease and wells would flow by produced gas lift .
Initial fluid production volumes were tested at 180 to 300 barrels per day per well , with oil cuts ranging from zero to 40 % .
However , during the transition phase to gas lift it was learned that liquid inflow to the production wells exceeded the pump 's capacity , which limited the ability to draw down the wells and caused frequent pump failures .
On Dec. 21 , the pump in KP1 was re-configured to improve its pumping capacity .
Now KP2 is being re-configured and is expected to be producing at similar rates to KP1 within the next few days .
Since the re-configuration , fluid production rates from KP1 have ranged between 250 and 420 bbls per day with oil cuts averaging 36 % and reaching as high as 65 % .
Also , the air injection rate was increased to 50,000 cubic metres per day and the produced gas rate has increased to 8,000 cubic metres per day .
Looks as though things are going quite well .
Oh , and the disadvantage of having a small coal fire in a garret flat is that during the night it went out , and in the morning I would occasionally wake up with snow in the grate .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Democrats ’ inability to inform the public that the stimulus plan cut taxes in a big way should go down as one of their biggest political screw - ups in recent years .
Barack Obama felt it necessary , during the State of the Union address , to spend a big chunk of time hammering home the fact that his party cut taxes .
And PolitiFact recently decided it had to to check David Axelrod ’s claim that the Democrats passed 25 tax cuts last year without the help of Republicans .
( PolitiFact has a list of all the tax cuts — they rated the claim “ true . ” )
Both of these events are signs that the fact that the Democrats cut taxes has not sunk in to Americans ’ psyches .
It ’s not common knowlege .
If it were , would the Tea Partiers be talking about how they ’re “ Taxed Enough Already ? ”
Well , probably .
But they ’d at least be challenged on that .
The second part of Axelrod ’s claim is basically true , too .
Only three Republicans ( including Arlen Specter , who is now a Democrat ) voted for a stimulus bill that included hundreds of billions of dollars of tax cuts .
And yet the Dems are still hoping that the GOP is going to lend them a helping hand on their jobs bill .
Good luck with that .
Kevin is traveling today .
Egyptian security sources said they would not object to the barrier Israel 's government has approved plans for the construction of a barrier along its border with Egypt in a bid to keep out illegal migrants and militants .
It will be built along two parts of the border - near the Red Sea city of Eilat and on the edge of the Gaza Strip .
PM Benjamin Netanyahu said the decision was taken to secure Israel 's Jewish and democratic character , but that refugees would still be allowed to seek entry .
In recent years , thousands of migrants have crossed into Israel via Egypt .
At least 17 migrants , mostly African , have been killed since May by Egyptian police , who say they are trying to stop people trafficking .
According to Israeli police estimates between 100-200 illegal immigrants cross into Israel from Egypt every week .
Eritrea is the most common country of origin for people trying to cross illegally from Egypt to Israel , followed by Ethiopia and Sudan .
' Illegal aliens '
On Sunday , Mr Netanyahu said he had approved the construction of sections of barrier that would block the main infiltration routes along the 266 km ( 166 - mile ) frontier , and the installation of advanced surveillance equipment .
BORDER BARRIER
To cover 112 km ( 70 miles ) of the 266 km ( 166 mile ) frontier 100- 200 illegal immigrants cross each week 17 migrants killed by Egyptian police since May Estimated $ 270 m to build
Israel 's Egypt barrier : Your emails
The project is set to cost $ 270 m and take several years to complete .
" I took the decision to close Israel 's southern border to infiltrators and terrorists .
This is a strategic decision to secure Israel 's Jewish and democratic character , " the prime ministers said in a statement .
Mr Netanyahu said Israel would " remain open to refugees " from conflict zones , but added : " We can not let tens of thousands of illegal workers infiltrate into Israel through the southern border and inundate our country with illegal aliens . "
Egyptian officials said Israel had not informed them of its plans , but that they would not object so long as the barrier was built on Israeli soil .
" It is an Israeli affair , " foreign ministry spokesman Hossam Zaki is quoted as saying by the AFP news agency .
Israel has also been building a controversial barrier in and around the occupied West Bank in recent years .
It says it is needed to defend Israeli citizens from attacks by militants .
Palestinians , however , consider it a land grab .
In 2004 , the International Court of Justice in The Hague issued an advisory ruling that the barrier was illegal and should be removed .
Egypt is meanwhile building an underground barrier along its border with Gaza to stem the smuggling of weapons through tunnels .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Shopping for a new TV , a dishwasher , a window ?
Chances are , most of your options will bear the government 's Energy Star logo .
So , you may wonder : what does this mark really mean anymore ?
The well - known Energy Star logo , carried on a range of products as diverse as light bulbs and doors , has become increasingly common , especially for certain products .
It was featured on 79 % of TVs , 75 % of dehumidifiers and 67 % of dishwashers sold in the United States in 2008 , the most recent year for which the government has data , according to a story in today 's Washington Post .
" That has some observers worried about grade inflation , " the paper reports .
In my quest to build a green home , I 've noticed real differences in the efficiency scores of Energy Star products .
I 've spent countless hours on Energy Star 's website , one of the government 's most helpful , comparing the annual kilowatt hours of refrigerators , dishwashers and clothes washers .
The biggest problem I 've had is that some ultra-efficient products are not even Energy Star .
This is a problem that the inspector general of the Environmental Protection Agency , which runs Energy Star with the Department of Energy , noted in a report in November .
How could this be ?
Some of these products are new and Energy Star has not yet certified them .
One example is a General Electric side - by - side refrigerator , introduced in October , that reportedly uses as much energy each year as a 60 - watt light bulb .
I 've also found this with ceiling fans made by Modern Fan .
Its newest models , though using the same motor as its prior Energy Star - rated ones , do not carry the same logo .
I called the company to find out why .
It says it 's submitted the newer ones for Energy Star certification .
( Why do I care ?
My house , when rated by the U.S. Green Building Council , will get points based on the number of Energy Star light fixtures . )
This is not to criticize the Energy Star program , which has tested tens of thousands of products since it began in 1992 and has been a major force in the push for greater efficiency .
Yet consumers , eager to use federal rebates from the " cash for appliances " program that states are gradually rolling out , might want to consult Energy Star 's website to select the most efficient products before heading to stores .
Some household appliances , such as refrigerators , are required to carry tags that indicate their kilowatt - hours per year .
That makes it easier for shoppers to compare .
In the fall , Energy Star officials said they would update criteria more frequently and thus eliminate lower - performing products from their list .
The government updated standards for dishwashers last year and it plans to do the same this year with TVs .
For home appliances , according to the Washington Post , a review will now be triggered when the market share of Energy Star products hits 35 % .
Readers :
What 's your experience with Energy Star products ?
The study editor Sir David King ( former Chief Scientific Adviser to the UK Government ) and lead author Dr. Oliver Inderwildi urge the government to impose higher taxes on drivers of large , inefficient vehicles and reinvest the money in better public transport and measures to get more people cycling and walking .
An new study from the Smith School of Enterprise and the Environment at Oxford University suggests that best way to reduce transport greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions in the short term is a “ drastic downscaling of both size and weight ” of conventional gasoline and diesel cars .
“ The most significant impact that can be made in reducing CO 2 emissions from automobiles in the coming decades is reducing the average weight and engine size of vehicles . ”
— Future of Mobility Roadmap
The report “ Future of Mobility Roadmap ” assesses the potential for low carbon transport on land , by air and sea .
Among its findings for land transport — the largest contributor to the transport sector ’s greenhouse gas emissions — are :
In the short - term , turbocharging and downscaling in combination with weight reduction of current vehicle technology offer a significant opportunity for reductions .
In the medium - term , hybrid systems , those using internal combustion engines and regenerative electric systems such as the Toyota Prius , offer significant savings and will help the evolution to a purely electric drivetrain .
While purely electric vehicles are not zero emission vehicles due to electricity and hydrogen generation they will be important low carbon transport in the long term .
Plug - in electric vehicles are restricted by battery technology , fuel cell systems are limited by power density of the unit and both systems are challenged by limited rare material availability .
First generation biofuels , those derived from food stocks , have proved the viability of such fuels , but remain a localized solution , as in Brazil .
Second generation biofuels synthesized from inedible cellulosic biomass have the potential to be true low carbon fuels but are constrained by land availability .
Algae - based fuel show promise as they exclude land use and food security issues , but they require a mass production break through to be viable .
Both electric and diesel rail systems have low operating emissions but high embedded infrastructural costs and lack route flexibility .
In the short - term a significant impact that can be made in reducing CO 2 emissions from automobiles by blunt down - scaling the physical vehicle size and engine capacity .
In the medium - term , alternative powertrain technologies such as HEVs and PHEVs , by combining the advantages of ICEVs and battery electric vehicle ( BEV ) , offer perhaps the best interim step .
In the long - term it is envisaged that all electric drive vehicles will be the man source of transportation .
These can be split into two distinct groups , fuel cell vehicles ( FCV ) and BEV .
... As with technology , economic policies also have an important role to play in reducing GHG emissions from transport .
An efficient mobility model for the future must take into account the true costs of transport and its regulatory framework needs to create incentives for people to make sustainable transport choices .
In order to achieve this economic instruments can be used to correct road transport externalities such as environmental and road damage , accidents , congestion , and oil dependence .
CAC [ command and control ] policies and incentive - based policies can be used to reduce the negative impact of transport externalities .
Physical policies , soft policies , and knowledge policies can be used in combination in an integrated framework with taxes and permits in order to move towards a sustainable transport model .
— Future of Mobility Roadmap
Myth Busting
The report identifies a number of myths surrounding low - carbon road transport : “ Diesel cars are highly polluting . ”
“ We should just use fuel cells . ” “ Electric vehicles are zero-emission . ”
“ Corn ethanol is an environmentally friendly fuel . ”
“ Biofuels compete with food sources . ”
“ Biofuels will save the day . ” “ Policy X is the only solution . ”
Air .
For the air sector , the report finds that technical changes , such as improvements to propulsions systems and reduction to aerodynamic drag could reduce emissions by up to 50 % , in the short term .
However , the rate of uptake of new technologies is restricted by fleet lifetimes .
Longer term developments require change to the current aircraft architecture from “ tube and wing ” to “ flying wing ” systems , offering 32 % reduction in GHG through drag reduction alone .
Biofuels and operational improvements could also reduce the GHG emissions from aviation .
Sea .
Sea or maritime transportation accounts for 3 % of global GHG emissions while transporting 70 % of the world ’s cargo by volume , leading to the lowest emission per tonne kilometer of all modes discussed in the report .
Through both technical and operational change , reductions of up to 75 % of GHG emission are possible in the medium to long term , the authors conclude .
Behavioral Change .
The report throughout emphasizes the need for behavioral change to achieve low carbon transport :
Either top - down or bottom - up polices are required .
Top - down methods include command and control polices , such as regulation and incentive based polices , such as taxes and charges .
Top - down methods are not efficient from an economical perspective but are when drastic changes in activity are required .
Bottom up methods or complementary polices can be used in combination with top down methods .
Complementary polices fall into one of three broad categories : physical polices , soft polices and knowledge polices .
Bottom - up methods are economically efficient but do not always achieve their full potential for change .
The study warns that action must be taken immediately to have any impact on climate change because of the long lifetime of transport fleets and subsequent delays in technological impact .
Resources
The Roosevelt Institute is a think tank , campus network , and nonprofit partner to the FDR Library , working together to move the US toward a new economy and democracy by the people , for the people .
Since 1987 , we have served as the premier resource for workers in wage and hour litigation .
We level the playing field against the power of employers who unlawfully refuse to pay workers the full wage they are entitled to receive under the law .
When you call to arrange your free consultation , you will quickly recognize that we are committed to obtaining the best possible results .
Our legal team , led by founding partner John W. Billhorn and litigation manager Jodi Hoare , draws on decades of experience to achieve results .
We know how to thoroughly investigate your claim .
We remain accessible and responsive to ensure that each client understands the status of his or her case every step of the way .
We can help you fight for your rightful compensation .
" My only claim is that it is the first documented use of the move in MMA , " said Sinosic .
" When I came up with that move , I called it the shin choke .
It was only years later reviewing the old footage that I realized it was what is now termed as a gogoplata .
I believe it is a gogoplata variation .
I have no issues with Nino being the inventor of the move and would never lay claim to such a thing . "
Jiu -Jitsu Unleashed
The Ultimate Fighter 2
Australian MMA pioneer Elvis Sinosic was to make his Octagon return this weekend when the UFC debuts in his homeland at UFC 110 .
But although he has been forced out with an injury , let 's still revisit the history of the gogoplata submission in remembrance of Sinosic 's MMA introduction of the difficult maneuver 13 years ago .
For those unfamiliar with the submission , the move is a shin choke pressing against the throat of an opponent .
It 's a move that appears to have originated in Judo as the " Kagato - jime . "
In Brazilian jiu - jitsu , it is most commonly seen transitioning around the omoplata and was coined " gogoplata " because the word " gogo " in Portuguese is slang for the Adam 's apple .
Coincidentally , another " Elvis " claims to have introduced the move .
Former PRIDE fighter and BJJ extraordinaire Nino " Elvis " Schembri claims to have invented the move .
The ultra - flexible Schembri was known for his devastating use of the omoplata and added the shin across the trachea as another application to submitting his opponent from that position .
"
The gogoplata is a variation from the omoplata , " Schembri told MMA Fighting .
" I adapted because of my flexibility .
As far as I know it is not a judo move , however all things in Brazilian jiu - jitsu connect to judo .
I did it in the academy first about fifteen years ago , but the first time I used it was in Sao Paulo in 2000 .
" And actually , Schembri does n't consider Sinosic 's shin choke a gogoplata .
"
The difference between the moves is that for the gogoplata that i developed you let go of the back of the head for the choke and grab the big thumb of your foot , and then there are its other variations , " Schembri said .
Sinosic wo n't claim to invent the move , but believes his attempt should be considered a gogoplata .
Eddie Bravo , who helped popularize the move in the grappling world in his 10th Planet jiu - jitsu system through his technique of applying the move through the rubber guard ( or more specifically " kung fu move , " when speaking in Eddie Bravo ) , credits Schembri for the move .
" I stole this move from jiu - jitsu phenom Nino Schembri because it was n't hard for me to see just how often it presented itself during the transition to the omoplata , " Bravo wrote in his book , It was n't until 2006 when the MMA world took notice to the move when Shinya Aoki helped popularize the move by notably tapping top - ranked Joachim Hansen with the submission at PRIDE Shockwave on New Year 's Eve .
But nine years ago prior in October 1997 , Sinosic -- though he did n't finish the choke and was n't applied from a traditional omoplata transition or rubber guard position -- is perhaps the first one to attempt the move in MMA , applying a shin choke against Kiyoshi Tamura at a RINGS event in Japan .
"
Of course the choke with the shin was used for years in judo , but I am proud to be credited in bringing the move to MMA , " Sinosic said .
" I do n't know if I was really the first fighter to use it , but I am happy to have gone down in history as the man who ( introduced it in MMA ) .
" For a measure of how rare the move is in MMA , in the 17 - year history of the UFC totaling 145 events and counting , no fighter has registered a gogoplata inside the Octagon .
Two months after Aoki submitted Hansen , Nick Diaz landed the most important gogoplata by submitting then No. 1 lightweight ( BJ Penn at the time had n't compete at 155 pounds for years ) Takanori Gomi at PRIDE 33 in Las Vegas .
That same year , runner - up Brad Imes received some renewed interest when he posted back - to - back gogoplatas , against Gladiator Challenge / King of the Cage veteran Bo Cantrell and TUF 10's Zak Jensen .
More impressively , Imes is a heavyweight applying the move typically more fitting for a lighter ( read : more flexible ) fighter .
Then 18 months after the gogoplata over Hansen , Aoki landed the move again -- this time from full mount against 2000 Olympic silver medalist in Greco - Roman wrestling , Katsuhiko Nagata .
Although Bellator featherweight champion Joe Soto won a fight last October with the gogoplata and less recognized fighters in smaller shows have probably finished with the move , the Aoki-Nagata fight would be the last time a gogoplata was hit in a major MMA event .
INFECTONATOR ! WORLD DOMINATOR
The long awaited ' World Dominator ' game !!
The previous 60 sec and Xmas versions of Infectonator have been a huge hit online .
This new game adds a lot of depth , giving you the control to infect entire continents one by one .
Best of all , it still has the same addictive chain reaction gameplay !
Instructions
Infect the entire world with your mutant zombie virus .
Left click near people to start the infection .
The disease will spread as your zombies move around .
Collect coins to buy upgrades in the ' lab ' screen .
Use shortkeys [ 1..8 ] to select your special attack options .
70
INFECTONATOR ! WORLD DOMINATOR WALKTHROUGH VIDEO
Infectonator !
World Dominator is an online action game developed by Toge Productions , and has been played 39320749 times on Bubblebox.com . % of people have voted thumbs up
The following is a guest post by Bob Mesibov .
No winner yet in the second Darwin Core Million for 2020 , but there are another two and a ...
3972
Inspector Gadget is the most famous and successful inspectors in all of the country .
He has , after a terrible accident , had much of his body replaced with all manner of incredible gadgets , such as extentable arms and a helicopter in his hat , which he uses to fight crime .
Except that Gadget is completely and utterly inept at his job .
It is his neice , Penny , and her hyper intelligent dog Brain that solve the riddles and catch the badguys , and lets Uncle Gadget take the credit .
Another classic show , its sure to give anyone a laugh .
The Best running gag ever is when the paper explodes into Chief Quimby 's Face .
On the flip side of the debate about whether Flash is ill , in rude health , or simply untroubled by Apple 's wilful refusal to countenance it on the iPhone / iPod Touch / iPad , we have an analysis from Peter - Paul Koch , a " mobile platform strategist , consultant and trainer " who says ( with plenty of swearing to boot , if you 're in filter territory ) that the iPhone is the Internet Explorer 6 de nos jours .
Yes .
That 's right .
He 's saying : do n't develop for it .
Or rather , do n't develop exclusively for it to the exclusion of other mobile browsers , and certainly do n't give it special status .
The long , detailed and faintly angry blogpost does n't pull any punches :
" The iPhone has become an obsession .
If we do n't pay attention , we 'll have a mobile web that only works on the iPhone .
And then we 'll have the real mobile web that was n't made by us and does n't give a shit about web standards and best practices . "
Oh ?
Suppose , he suggests , one proposed the following :
1. IE6 is today 's most advanced browser .
( Note : this was actually true back in 2000 .
Please bear with me . )
2. IE6's market share is about 80 % .
3 . The other browsers are way worse than IE6 , and developing for them is a pain ; something we 're not interested in and are a bit afraid of .
4 . Therefore we will develop websites exclusively for IE6 .
Would you agree with those sentiments , even if we 're back in 2000 and IE6 is really the best browser we have ?
Or would you reply that our sites should work as well as they can in all browsers through the use of web standards , progressive enhancement , and all the rest of the best practices we 've been preaching for the past ten years ?
Well , would ya , punk ?
Certainly he 's making some of the same points that were made in comments to my earlier post about Flash :
" No " mobile web development " specialist ever mentions Nokia ever .
After all , Nokia only sells more smartphones than BlackBerry and Apple combined , so there 's no reason to mention it . "
He thinks that the iPhone does n't really have the claimed 50 % share of the mobile web :
" Mobile browser detection is really hard .
None of the reports I 've read so far show how they detect browsers .
Lots of mobile browsers have iPhone in their UA strings to work around browser detects that obsessed web developers have set up .
Do all traffic market share reporters work around that problem ?
Most probably do , but we can't be sure . "
" Besides , what will happen when the operators abandon the economically untenable flat rate for iPhone data traffic ?
Will iPhone users maintain their current traffic market share when they have to pay as they go ? "
Well , let 's deal with the second one first : if mobile operators do that , they 'll find iPhone customers abandoning them by the thousands , and demanding their money back , and suing them for breach of contract .
That sort of data deal that Apple got from AT&T , and from all other mobile operators , is a ratchet - you can't go back to a pay - by - byte , just as anyone who 's experienced broadband is simply not going to go back to clock - watching unless they 're taken to another country or location where the internet is in a rudimentary state .
It may be true that iPhone users are the exception , but it will be more common - a family member who has a BlackBerry got a pleading letter from Orange imploring them to upgrade to an all - you - can - eat data package for just £ 5 per month .
Back to the blogpost ...
" Do you ever see any mainstream mobile web development article that talks about S60 WebKit or the ( lousy ) BlackBerry browser ?
Due to our iPhone obsession we are deliberately not paying any attention to a user group that 's four times as large as the iPhone .
" We have come full - circle back to developing for only one browser .
Worse , we are congratulating ourselves on that bit of cleverness .
Christ , do we really have to go through the whole standards movement once again ? "
This is the core of his argument , and it is a good one : that in developing only for the iPhone , you ignore all the other people out there , and that 's not good .
Then again , the closer a mobile browser comes to being standards - based ( if there is such a thing - which is another question entirely ) the easier it should be to develop for .
And of course one can't help thinking that a lot of this development for the iPhone is still based on the same thing that got sites developed for IE6 , and which was the prevailing credo of Willie Sutton .
Sutton , you 'll recall , was a bankrobber of great notoriety in the early 20th century .
Caught and interviewed by the FBI , he was asked why he robbed banks .
Sutton shrugged .
" That 's where the money is , " he replied .
Expansion of a stretch of polyglutamine in huntingtin ( htt ) , the protein product of the IT15 gene , causes Huntington 's disease ( HD ) .
Previous investigations into the role of the polyglutamine stretch ( polyQ ) in htt function have suggested that its length may modulate a normal htt function involved in regulating energy homeostasis .
Here we show that expression of full - length htt lacking its polyglutamine stretch ( ΔQ - htt ) in a knockin mouse model for HD ( Hdh 140Q / ΔQ ) , reduces significantly neuropil mutant htt aggregates , ameliorates motor / behavioral deficits , and extends lifespan in comparison to the HD model mice ( Hdh 140Q / + ) .
The rescue of HD model phenotypes is accompanied by the normalization of lipofuscin levels in the brain and an increase in the steady - state levels of the mammalian autophagy marker microtubule - associate protein 1 light chain 3 - II ( LC3 - II ) .
We also find that ΔQ - htt expression in vitro increases autophagosome synthesis and stimulates the Atg5 - dependent clearance of truncated N - terminal htt aggregates .
ΔQ - htt 's effect on autophagy most likely represents a gain - of - function , as overexpression of full - length wild - type htt in vitro does not increase autophagosome synthesis .
Moreover , Hdh ΔQ / ΔQ mice live significantly longer than wild - type mice , suggesting that autophagy upregulation may be beneficial both in diseases caused by toxic intracellular aggregate - prone proteins and also as a lifespan extender in normal mammals .
Expansion of a stretch of glutamines near the amino - terminus of huntingtin ( htt ) , the protein product of the IT15 gene , is a deleterious mutation that causes Huntington 's disease ( HD ) .
Here we show , in contrast , that deletion of htt 's normal polyglutamine stretch ( ΔQ - htt ) is a potentially beneficial mutation that can ameliorate HD mouse model phenotypes when ΔQ - htt is expressed together with a version of htt with the HD mutation .
In addition , ΔQ - htt expression can enhance longevity when expressed in either an HD mouse model or in non–HD mice .
ΔQ - htt 's effects on both lifespan and HD model phenotypes are likely due to an increase in autophagy , a major recycling pathway in cells that is involved in the turnover of cellular components , and aggregated protein .
Based on our results , we suggest that development of therapeutic agents that can stimulate autophagy may help both in treating neurodegenerative disorders like HD and also in increasing longevity .
Funding : This work was funded by NIH NS43466 , http://www.nih.gov , to SOZ , the Wellcome Trust Senior Fellowship , http://www.wellcome.ac.uk , to DCR , and the MRC Programme Grant , http://www.mrc.ac.uk/Fundingopportunities/Grants/Programmegrant/index.htm , to DCR .
The funders had no role in study design , data collection and analysis , decision to publish , or preparation of the manuscript .
To assess ΔQ - htt function in the presence of expanded polyQ htt expression , we generated mice expressing both ΔQ - htt and 140Q - htt ( Hdh 140Q / ΔQ ) .
We found that ΔQ - htt expression in the HD mouse model rescued behavioral / motor deficits , reduced the number of neuropil htt aggregates , normalized brain lipofuscin levels , and enhanced lifespan relative to the HD mouse model .
Clearance of htt aggregates and the accumulation of lipofuscin are mediated by autophagy , a catabolic pathway that encompasses several distinct processes in mammalian cells [ 17 ] .
Macroautophagy generally involves the non-selective turnover of bulk cytoplasmic contents , including organelles and aggregated protein , and is an essential pathway for the survival of organisms during nutrient deprivation [ 18 ] .
Upregulation of autophagy reduces truncated mutant htt aggregation and toxicity in both in vitro and in vivo models [ 19 ] – [ 22 ] , and recently , the acetylation of soluble full - length htt has also been reported to assist its recognition by the autophagic apparatus [ 23 ] .
In Hdh ΔQ / + and Hdh 140Q / ΔQ mice , we observed enhanced microtubule - associated protein 1 light chain 3 ( LC3 , [ 24 ] ) immunostaining , and increased levels of the LC3 - II autophagic marker .
Expression of ΔQ - htt , but not wild - type htt , induced the formation of autophagosomes in SK - N - SH neuroblastoma cells , and enhanced the clearance of truncated 74Q - htt aggregates in an autophagy - dependent process .
Based on our observations , we hypothesize that deletion of the polyQ stretch within huntingtin enhances neuronal macroautophagy resulting in the more efficient clearance of neuropil mutant htt and phenotypic rescue in Hdh 140Q / ΔQ mice .
Moreover , we have observed that mice homozygous for ΔQ - htt expression live significantly longer than wild - type mice , an observation that is compatible with the view that enhancing constitutive autophagy may also be beneficial in normal ageing .
In lymphoblastoid cell lines derived from HD patients , polyQ length ( in both the normal and mutant htt alleles ) affects energy status , with a longer polyQ stretch correlating with a reduced cellular ATP / ADP ratio [ 15 ] .
Deletion of the normal short polyQ stretch ( 7Q ) in mouse htt ( ΔQ - htt ) also results in elevated ATP levels in fibroblasts derived from embryonic and adult Hdh ΔQ / ΔQ mice [ 16 ] .
In addition , adult Hdh ΔQ / ΔQ mice exhibit subtly enhanced performance on the rotarod , and altered behavior in the Barnes maze learning and memory test .
In vertebrates , the polyQ stretch within htt is located close to the protein's N - terminus , and separates a highly conserved 17 amino acid N - terminal domain ( N1 – 17 ) that can act as a membrane association signal [ 1 ] , from a proline - rich region that is implicated in protein - protein interactions [ 2 ] – [ 4 ] .
Expansion of htt's polyQ stretch ( >37Q ) causes Huntington 's disease ( HD ) , a neurodegenerative disorder characterized by the appearance of cytoplasmic ( neuropil ) and nuclear aggregates of mutant htt , and selective cell death in the striatum and cortex [ 5 ] – [ 9 ] .
Although the mechanism of pathogenesis is still unclear , HD is recognized as a toxic gain - of - function disease , where the expansion of the polyQ stretch within htt confers new deleterious functions on the protein .
The extent to which the polyQ expansion affects normal htt function is also unclear , although there is accumulating evidence that loss of normal htt function likely contributes to HD pathogenesis [ 10 ] .
The polyQ stretch is conserved in vertebrate htt , and its non-pathogenic size varies from 4Q in fish , to 37Q in humans [ 11 ] – [ 13 ] .
However , the polyQ stretch is absent in Ciona and Drosophila htt , and present as only a short hydrophilic NHQQ stretch in sea urchin htt , suggesting that addition of a htt polyQ stretch may be a late evolutionary feature acquired sometime after protostome - deuterostome divergence [ 14 ] .
Results
Rescue of Hdh140Q / + motor and behavioral deficits in Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice
To evaluate the impact of expressing a version of wild - type htt lacking its short polyQ stretch on the motor and behavioral phenotypes exhibited by a mouse model for HD , HdhΔQ / + mice were crossed with the CAG140 knock - in mouse expressing full - length htt with a chimeric human / mouse htt exon 1 containing an expanded stretch of 140 glutamines [ 25 ] , ( for a diagram of the knockin alleles used in this study , see Figure 1A ) .
Hdh140Q / ΔQ , Hdh140Q /+ , and wild - type control littermates were assessed using the accelerating rotarod , the Barnes maze , and an activity cage .
Mice were tested on an accelerating rotating rod at 1 , 5 , and 19 months of age ( Figure 1B ) .
At one month of age , there were no significant differences between the wild - type controls , Hdh140Q / + mice , and the Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice ( n = 6 for each genotype at 1 and 5 months , n = 4 of each genotype at 19 months ) .
A two - way repeated measures ANOVA showed no significant effect of genotype ( F ( 2,6 ) = 0.87 ; P>0.05 ) , although there was a significant trial day effect ( F ( 4,6 ) = 13.00 ; P < 0.001 ) , indicating that all mice were learning to stay on the rod .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 1 .
ΔQ - htt expression ameliorates motor and behavioral deficits in Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice .
( A ) Diagram of the Hdh140Q , wild - type ( Hdh7Q ) , and HdhΔQ exon 1 , and a schematic of the breeding scheme used to generate the mice employed in this study .
The expansion of the polyQ stretch in the Hdh140Q allele also includes human exon 1 sequences ( purple ) between a conserved XmnI restriction site within exon 1 and a KpnI restriction site located within intron 1 , while the deletion of the polyQ stretch in the HdhΔQ allele also includes the insertion of a FLAG epitope tag ( green ) following the initiation codon .
Endogenous mouse sequence is shown in light blue .
( B ) Accelerated rotarod testing of wild - type (+/+ ) , Hdh140Q /+ ( 140Q / + ) , and Hdh140Q / ΔQ ( 140Q / ΔQ ) mice ( n = 6 for each genotype ) .
Hdh140Q /+ versus +/+ at 5 months , ANOVA for genotype ; P<0.03 and at 19 months ; P< 0.04 .
The performance of the Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice did not differ significantly from the wild - type controls .
( C ) Barnes maze testing of 5 month old wild - type (+/+ ) , Hdh140Q /+ , and Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice ( n = 5 of each genotype ) .
Hdh140Q /+ mice performed poorly on their distance scores compared to wild - type and Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice ( ANOVA for genotype ; F ( 2,4 ) = 5.96 , P < 0.02 ) .
Hdh140Q / ΔQ and wild type mice also made significantly fewer errors than Hdh140Q / + mice before finding the target ( ANOVA for genotype ; F ( 2,4 ) = 25.28 ; P< 0.001 ) .
* Significant differences on individual trial days between Hdh140Q / ΔQ and Hdh140Q / + mice ( Holm - Sidak post hoc analysis ; P < 0.001 to 0.05 ) .
( D ) Horizontal activity in a novel environment was assessed in wild - type , Hdh140Q /+ , and Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice ( n = 5 of each genotype ) at 6 and 20 months of age .
At both ages , the Hdh140Q / + mice were significantly more hypoactive than the Hdh140Q / ΔQ and wild - type mice ( one way ANOVA F ( 2,12 ) = 6.63 , P< 0.02 and Bonferroni post - hoc analysis , P< 0.02 at 6 months ; one - way ANOVA ( F ( 2,14 ) = 6.78 , P< 0.02 and Bonferroni post - hoc analysis Hdh140Q / ΔQ versus Hdh140Q /+ at 20 months , P < 0.01 ) .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1000838.g001
At five months of age , however , the Hdh140Q / + mice performed poorly in comparison to both the wild - type control group and the Hdh140Q / ΔQ group ( genotype effect ; F ( 2,6 ) = 5.4 ; P < 0.03 ) .
Interestingly , at five months , the Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice were indistinguishable from the wild - type controls .
At 19 months of age , both the wild type and Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice still performed better than the Hdh140Q / + mice and were indistinguishable from each other ( genotype effect ; F ( 2,4 ) = 6.5 ; P < 0.04 ) , although all mice were performing more poorly at 19 months relative to their performance at 5 months of age .
At five months of age , the mice were also tested on the Barnes maze , a measure of spatial learning and memory [ 26 ] .
Wild - type mice produced better scores on the Barnes maze distance test than Hdh140Q / + mice , but did not differ significantly from the Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice ( n = 5 of each genotype ) ( Figure 1C ) .
The distance score measures how effectively the mice are using spatial cues to locate the escape tunnel .
A two way repeated measures ANOVA revealed a significant effect of genotype ( F ( 2,4 ) = 5.96 ; P < 0.02 ) and a significant effect of trial day ( F ( 8,4 ) = 2.2 ; P < 0.04 ) .
In addition , wild - type and Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice made fewer errors than Hdh140Q / + mice before finding the Barnes maze target ( Figure 1C ) .
A two - way repeated measures ANOVA revealed a significant effect of genotype ( F ( 2,4 ) = 25.28 ; P < 0.001 ) , and a significant effect of trial day [ ( F ( 8,4 ) = 3.33 ; P < 0.003 ) ] .
At 6 and 20 months of age , the mice were also tested in an activity cage ( n = 5 of each genotype ) ( Figure 1D ) .
Previous analyses of Hdh140Q mice revealed that they exhibit a period of hyperactivity , followed by hypoactivity when tested at night in an activity cage [ 25 ] .
Based on total horizontal activity , the Hdh140Q / + mice were more hypoactive at night than the wild - type mice at 6 months , but the exploratory activity of the Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice did not differ significantly from wild - type controls ( one -way ANOVA F ( 2,12 ) = 6.63 ; P < 0.02 ; post - hoc analysis wild - type versus Hdh140Q /+ , P < 0.02 ) .
At 20 months of age , one - way ANOVA revealed an overall difference in activity levels as well ( F ( 2,14 ) = 6.78 ; P < 0.02 ) .
Bonferroni post - hoc analysis showed the Hdh140Q / + mice to be significantly hypoactive when compared to the Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice ( P< 0.01 ) .
Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice also exhibited a significant increase in their lifespan ( median age of 31+/−0.8 months ) in comparison to either Hdh140Q / + or Hdh140Q / 140Q mice ( median ages of 24+/−2.3 and 27+/−1.7 months , respectively , Hdh140Q / + versus Hdh140Q / ΔQ log-rank test , χ 2 = 11.7 , P< 0.002 ; Hdh140Q/140Q versus Hdh140Q / ΔQ log - rank test , χ 2 = 9.9 , P < 0.003 for n = 8 females of each genotype ) ( Figure 2 ) .
However , we could not detect any significant difference in the lifespan of the Hdh140Q /+ and Hdh140Q / 140Q mice ( log-rank test , χ 2 = 0.03 , P = 0.958 ) .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 2 .
HdhΔQ expression enhances longevity in a knockin mouse model for HD .
Kaplan - Meier survival curves are shown for Hdh140Q /+ , Hdh140Q/140Q , and Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice ( n = 8 mice of each genotype ) .
The Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice lived significantly longer than either the Hdh140Q / 140Q mice or the Hdh140Q / + mice ( log - rank test ; χ 2 = 9.9 , P < 0.003 and χ 2 = 11.7 , P < 0.002 , respectively ) .
The lifespans of the Hdh140Q / + and Hdh140Q / 140Q mice did not differ significantly ( χ2 = 0.03 , P = 0.958 ) .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1000838.g002
Reduction of neuropil htt aggregates in Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice
To determine if the rescue of behavioral phenotypes in the Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice correlated with a change in the number and distribution of htt aggregates , we examined Hdh140Q /+ , Hdh140Q / ΔQ , and HdhΔQ / + ( control ) brains ( n = 4 of each genotype ) using an antibody recognizing aggregated mutant htt in inclusions ( MW8 [ 27 ] ) ( Figure 3A ) .
At 4 months of age , we were unable to detect htt aggregates in either Hdh140Q /+ or Hdh ı4 ˜Q˜ΔQ mice .
Starting at 6 months of age , however , we observed a small , but similar number of nuclear aggregates in the striatum of both genotypes .
In contrast , there was a significant reduction in the number of striatal neuropil aggregates observed at 6 months of age in the Hdh140Q / ΔQ brain in comparison to the Hdh140Q /+ brain , P < 0.001 ( Figure 3B ) .
At 1 year and 2 years of age , the aggregate load increases dramatically in the Hdh140Q / + brain , with the number of striatal neuropil aggregates growing more quickly with age than the number of nuclear aggregates ( Figure 3B ) .
The significant reduction in the number of striatal neuropil aggregates that was observed at 6 months of age in the Hdh140Q / ΔQ striatum was also observed in the striatum of Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice at 1 year and 2 years of age , P < 0.001 and P <0.05 , respectively .
In the cortex , a similar marked decrease in Hdh140Q / ΔQ neuropil aggregates was observed at 6 months , 1 year , and 2 years of age ( P< 0.001 –P < 0.005 ) ( Figure S1 ) .
In both striatum and cortex , nuclear aggregates were also reduced significantly at 1 year of age , but the magnitude of the decrease was less than that observed for the neuropil aggregates .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 3 .
Reduced htt neuropil aggregates in the Hdh140Q / ΔQ striatum .
( A ) Representative confocal images of the striatum from HdhΔQ /+ , Hdh140Q /+ , and Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice at 4 months , 6 months , 1 year , and 2 years of age that were immunostained with an antibody recognizing htt aggregates ( MW8 , red signal ) .
Nuclei were stained with To - Pro - 3 ( blue ) .
Enlarged images of the areas enclosed by dashed white boxes are shown in the bottom panels .
Open and solid white arrowheads indicate neuropil and nuclear aggregates , respectively .
Scale bars = 25 µm ( top panels ) , 10 µm ( bottom three panels ) .
( B ) Total ; T , nuclear ; N , and neuropil ; C , htt aggregate numbers from the Hdh140Q /+ and Hdh140Q / ΔQ striatum ( n = 4 mice of each genotype ) .
The aggregate numbers ( mean ± s.e.m. ) represent counts / field from 8 images of the ventral and lateral striatum from each mouse .
* P< 0.05 , **P < 0.001 .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1000838.g003
Lipofuscin deposits are reduced in Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice Increased lipofuscin has been observed in the HD brain and in the R6/2 transgenic mouse model for HD [ 28 ] – [ 30 ] .
Accumulating in the lysosomes of neurons and other post- mitotic cells , lipofuscin is a yellowish - brown autofluorescent aging pigment that is composed of oxidized lipid and aldehyde cross - linked protein [ 31 ] .
Lipofuscin is believed to be the byproduct of the incomplete autophagic catabolism of cellular organelles , such as mitochondria that are rich in iron .
Iron and peroxide - catalyzed oxidation of incompletely digested lipid and protein results in the slow accumulation of lipofuscin in autolysosomes at a rate that correlates with metabolic activity and age of the organism [ 32 ] .
In HD , oxidative stress may enhance the formation of lipofuscin , resulting in the appearance of large perinuclear lipofuscin deposits in neurons .
In aged cells with high levels of lipofuscin , autophagy is diminished [ 33 ] , [ 34 ] , and in C. elegans , lower levels of lipofuscin in age - matched worms correlated with greater motility , suggesting that lipofuscin accumulation reflects biological versus chronological age [ 35 ] .
We compared the extent of lipofuscin accumulation in the striatum and cortex of wild - type , HdhΔQ /+ , Hdh140Q /+ , and Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice at 4 months , 6 months , 1 year , and 2 years of age ( n = 4 mice of each genotype ) ( Figure 4A and 4B ) .
Consistent with prior observations in the R6/2 HD transgenic mouse model and in postmortem HD brain tissue , we observed a significant increase in lipofuscin ( measured as the pixel area of deposits in confocal images ) in the striatum and cortex of Hdh140Q / + mice as they aged in comparison to wild - type mice , P < 0.05 to P < 0.001 ( Figure 4B ) .
Lipofuscin accumulation was greater in the striatum , relative to the cortex in the Hdh140Q /+ brain .
In both the Hdh140Q / ΔQ cortex and striatum , however , neuronal lipofuscin accumulation was similar to that observed in wild type controls at all ages examined .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 4 . ΔQ - htt expression in Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice normalizes the increased lipofuscin accumulation that is observed in the Hdh140Q /+ brain .
( A ) Confocal images of the parietal cortex and striatum from one year old HdhΔQ /+ , Hdh140Q /+ , and Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice ( n = 4 of each genotype ) .
Lipofuscin deposits are yellow ( white arrowheads ) , and nuclei are stained with To - Pro - 3 ( blue ) .
Scale bar = 25 µm. ( B ) Lipofuscin deposits at 4 months , 6 months , 1 year , and 2 years of age in wild - type (+/+ ) , HdhΔQ /+ , Hdh140Q /+ , and Hdh140Q / ΔQ parietal cortex and striatum were quantified by measuring their pixel area / field ( mean ± s.e.m. ) .
*P< 0.05 , **P < 0.001 .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1000838.g004
Altered autophagy in HdhΔQ / + and Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice
To determine if clearance of the neuropil htt aggregates and the reduction in lipofuscin in the Hdh140Q / ΔQ brain may be related to altered autophagy , we performed immunohistochemical analyses and western blot analyses of cellular fractions obtained from wild - type , HdhΔQ /+ , Hdh140Q /+ , and Hdh140Q / ΔQ whole brains and dissected brain regions , respectively , using an antibody to LC3 .
LC3 is encoded by the mammalian homolog of the yeast Atg8 gene , and is widely used as a marker for autophagy in mammalian cells because it associates tightly with autophagic membranes beginning at vesicle nucleation , and ending with its turnover in autolysosomes [ 24 ] .
Western blotting with antibodies recognizing the N - terminus of LC3 detects two species with apparent molecular weights of 18 kD ( LC3 - I ) and 16 kD ( LC3 - II ) .
LC3 is processed proteolytically at its C terminus to form cytosolic LC3 - I , which is conjugated to phosphatidylethanolamine on autophagosome membranes to form LC3 - II .
LC3 - II associates specifically with autophagosome and autolysosome membranes , and LC3 vesicle numbers or levels of LC3 - II correlate with autophagosome numbers [ 24 ] , [ 36 ] .
LC3 immunostaining was enhanced in the striatum of Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice beginning at 6 months of age in comparison to age - matched wild - type , HdhΔQ / + , and Hdh140Q / + mice ( n = 4 of each genotype , Figure S2 ) .
At 1 year of age , the Hdh140Q / ΔQ striatum continued to exhibit enhanced LC3 immunostaining , and at 2 years of age , elevated LC3 immunostaining was now detected in both the HdhΔQ / + and Hdh140Q / ΔQ striatum ( Figure 5A ) .
In contrast , LC3 immunostaining in the Hdh140Q /+ striatum at 1 year and 2 years of age was not increased substantially in comparison to age - matched wild - type controls .
Moreover , co-localization of LC3 immunostaining with neuropil htt aggregates was observed in the Hdh140Q / ΔQ striatum at 1 and 2 years of age , but was difficult to detect in the Hdh140Q /+ striatum ( Figure 5A ) .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 5 .
ΔQ - htt expression in mice enhances LC3 immunostaining and LC3 - II steady - state levels .
( A ) Confocal images of LC3 ( green ) and htt aggregate ( MW8 , red ) immunostaining in the striatum from 1 year and 2 year old wild - type (+/+ ) , HdhΔQ /+ , Hdh140Q /+ , and Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice ( n = 4 of each genotype ) .
Nuclei were stained with To - Pro - 3 ( blue ) .
Enlarged images of the areas enclosed by dashed white boxes are shown in the bottom panels .
White arrowheads indicate examples of htt aggregates co-immunostaining with LC3 ( yellow signal ) .
Scale bars = 25 µm ( top panels ) , 10 µm ( bottom panels ) .
( B ) Western analyses for LC3 - I and LC3 - II in striatal supernatant ( Sup ) and pellet ( Pel ) factions from 2 year old wild - type (+/+ ) , HdhΔQ /+ , Hdh140Q /+ , and Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice ( n = 4 of each genotype ) .
Blots were stripped and re-probed with an antibody against β-actin to control for protein loading .
The positions of protein standards ( in kD ) are indicated on the left .
( C ) Quantification of LC3 - II levels in the supernatant and pellet fractions relative to actin .
* P < 0.004 versus +/+.
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1000838.g005
To confirm that the enhanced LC3 immunostaining observed in the HdhΔQ / + and Hdh140Q / ΔQ striatum was due to an increase in LC3 - II levels , dissected striata from 2 year old wild - type , HdhΔQ /+ , Hdh140Q /+ , and Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice ( n = 4 of each genotype ) were homogenized and separated into supernatant ( NP40 - soluble ) and pellet ( NP40 - insoluble ) fractions , and then analyzed by western blotting with an antibody that recognizes both LC3 - I and LC3 - II ( Figure 5B and 5C ) .
In the soluble protein fractions , an increase in LC3 - II was observed in the Hdh140Q / ΔQ striatum .
Interestingly , LC3 - II was also enriched in the striatal pellet fractions from both HdhΔQ / + and Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice .
In contrast , LC3 - II was present at only low levels in the wild - type and Hdh140Q /+ pellet fractions .
A corresponding western blot analysis of LC3 levels in total ( unfractionated ) protein extracts from 2 year old mice revealed an increase in LC3 - II in both the HdhΔQ / + and Hdh140Q / ΔQ samples ( Figure S3B ) .
We note that we also observed an enrichment of both the autophagy protein beclin 1 and lysosome - associated membrane protein type 1 ( Lamp1 ) levels in the 800×g low - speed P1 fractions from HdhΔQ / + and Hdh140Q / ΔQ striatal extracts prepared by lysis in the absence of detergent ( Figure S3A ) .
Overall levels of beclin 1 and Lamp1 in total brain extract , however , were similar in all genotypes ( Figure S3B ) .
Lamp1 is a marker for late endososomes , amphisomomes ( formed after autophgagosome - late - endosome fusion ) , dense autolysosomes and lysosomes that are enriched in the 800×g P1 fraction [ 37 ] , and these observations , together with our findings related to the alterations in beclin 1 and LC3 - II fractionation , suggest that the subcellular distribution of several components of the autophagy pathway are altered by ΔQ - htt expression .
It was proposed recently , that htt's association with the ER via its N1 – 17 domain allows it function as a sensor of ER stress , and to potentially regulate autophagy [ 1 ] , [ 38 ] .
In previous work , we found no obvious difference in the nuclear / cytoplasmic localization of ΔQ - htt in comparison to wild - type htt in early passage wild - type and HdhΔQ / ΔQ primary mouse embryonic fibroblasts ( PMEFs ) [ 16 ] .
To analyze further the subcellular localization of wild - type - and ΔQ - htt together with markers for the ER ( calnexin ) , and to assess a marker for autophagy ( LC3 ) , we performed immunocytochemistry on passage 5 ( P5 ) cultures of wild - type and HdhΔQ / ΔQ primary mouse embryonic fibroblasts ( PMEFs ) ( Figure S4 ) .
P5 cultures of wild - type fibroblasts are actively dividing , while P5 cultures of HdhΔQ / ΔQ fibroblasts are , in contrast , undergoing replicative senescence [ 16 ] .
Wild - type - and ΔQ - htt were detected in both the cytoplasm and nucleus , and perinuclear localization of wild - type - and ΔQ - htt with the ER marker , calnexin was also detected in both Hdh +/+ and HdhΔQ / ΔQ PMEFs ( Figure S4A , S4B ) .
However , nuclear localization of htt appeared to be increased in those cells with a more senescent morphology ( i.e. more flattened / spread appearance ) .
Perinuclear LC3 immunoreactivity was also enhanced in the HdhΔQ / ΔQ PMEFs with a senescent morphology ( Figure S4C ) , suggesting the possibility for increased autophagy in those HdhΔQ / ΔQ PMEFs undergoing replicative senescence .
Expression of ΔQ - htt enhances autophagosome synthesis in vitro
An alteration to autophagy resulting in the increased steady - state levels of LC3 - II can be attributed to either enhanced autophagic flux , or to a block in a later step within the pathway that would interfere with the turnover of LC3 - II in the autolysosome [ 39 ] .
To determine if ΔQ - htt can enhance autophagosome synthesis , we transfected SK - N - SH neuroblastoma cells with full - length wild - type ( 7Q - htt ) or ΔQ - htt cDNA expression constructs ( diagrams in Figure S5 ) , and monitored the levels of LC3 - II 24 h post - transfection by western blotting ( Figure 6A ) .
The levels of LC3 - II were increased significantly in the ΔQ - htt transfected cells in comparison to either control vector - or 7Q - htt - transfected cells .
To monitor autophagy by an alternative method , we also transfected HeLa cells with an EGFP - LC3 expression construct , together with pCDNA3.1 ( vector control ) , 7Q - htt or ΔQ - htt in a 1∶3 ratio ( Figure S6 ) .
The proportion of EGFP - positive cells with > 10 EGFP - LC3 vesicles was assessed and expressed as an odds ratio with 95 % confidence limits .
ΔQ - htt transfection , but not 7Q - htt transfection , increased the proportion of cells with EGFP - LC3 vesicles .
To measure autophagosome synthesis , the cDNA constructs were also transfected in the presence or absence of the antibiotic bafilomycin A 1 , a vacuolar H+ ATPase inhibitor that suppresses turnover of LC3 - II in autolysosomes [ 40 ] – [ 42 ] .
Thus , measuring the levels of LC3 - II in the presence of bafilomycin A 1 measures LC3 - II formation , as the antibiotic blocks LC3 - II degradation .
The levels of LC3 - II were increased significantly in the bafilomycin A 1 - treated and ΔQ - htt - transfected cells in comparison to the bafilomycin A 1 - treated cells alone or the bafilomycin A1 - treated and 7Q - htt - transfected cells , suggesting that ΔQ - but not 7Q - htt expression results in increased autophagosome synthesis ( Figure 6B ) .
To confirm that an increase in LC3 - II formation resulting from ΔQ - htt expression is enhancing autophagic activity that can remove another autophagy substrate , 7Q - or ΔQ - htt constructs were transfected into Atg5 +/+ ( autophagy - competent ) and Atg5−/ − ( autophagy - deficient ) mouse embryonic fibroblasts [ 43 ] , together with an EGFP - tagged 74Q - htt exon 1 construct ( EGFP - HDQ74 ) expressing an N - terminal fragment of mutant htt that forms aggregates readily in vitro [ 44 ] .
Aggregate formation in EGFP - positive cells 48 h post - transfection was assessed by calculating odds ratios with 95 % confidence limits [ 44 ] – [ 46 ] ( Figure 6C ) .
The proportion of cells with EGFP - HDQ74 aggregates was significantly reduced in Atg5 +/+ cells transfected with ΔQ - htt , but not in Atg5 − / − cells .
Interestingly , 7Q - htt overexpression also reduced aggregate load in both Atg5 +/+ and in Atg5− / − cells .
These data suggest that while ΔQ - htt can induce autophagic clearance of mutant htt aggregates , 7Q - htt overexpression may induce a reduction in aggregate numbers or formation via an autophagy - independent mechanism in our in vitro system .
Taken altogether , these data support the hypothesis that ΔQ - htt expression can stimulate autophagosome formation and the Atg5 - dependent clearance of htt aggregates .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 6 .
ΔQ - htt expression increases autophagosome synthesis and Atg5 - dependent reduction of EGFP - 74Q truncated htt aggregates in vitro .
( A ) SK - N - SH cells were transfected with control vector ( pCDNA3.1 ) , 7Q - htt , or ΔQ - htt constructs ( transfections performed in triplicate at least twice ) , and cell lysates were analyzed for LC3 - II levels 24 hr post - transfection by western blotting with an anti-LC3 antibody ( for comparison , both longer and shorter exposures are shown ) , and densitometric analysis relative to actin levels .
ΔQ - htt versus control ; (*** P< 0.001 ) , ΔQ - htt versus 7Q - htt ; ( P< 0.002 ) .
( B ) SK - N - SH cells were transfected with control vector , 7Q - htt , or ΔQ - htt constructs and treated with either DMSO ( pCDNA3.1 transfected cells ) or with 400 nM bafilomycin A 1 ( Baf ) in DMSO ( pCDNA3.1 , 7Q - htt , or ΔQ - htt transfected cells ) for 4 hours at 20 hr post - transfection .
Autophagosome synthesis was analyzed by western blotting using an anti-LC3 antibody and densitometric analysis relative to actin .
*** P< 0.0001 , **P < 0.004 . ( C ) Atg5 +/+ ( autophagy - competent ) and Atg5−/ − ( autophagy - deficient ) mouse embryonic fibroblasts were transfected with an EGFP - HDQ74 construct together with vector control , 7Q - htt , or ΔQ - htt constructs , and then assessed for the proportion of EGFP - positive cells with EGFP - 74Q - htt aggregates by calculating the odds ratio 48 h post - transfection .
*** P< 0.0001 for both ΔQ - htt versus control , and for 7Q - htt versus control in Atg5 +/+ cells , P < 0.0001 for 7Q - htt versus control in Atg5− / − cells .
ΔQ - htt 's ability to reduce aggregates is abolished in Atg5− / − cells ( P = 0.36 in comparison with control vector transfected cells ) .
( D ) Hdhex4/5/ex4/5 knock - out ( Hdh− / − ) mouse embryonic stem ( ES ) cells were transfected with EGFP along with either pCI ( empty vector ) or full - length wild - type huntingtin ( 1∶5 ratio ) for 4 h , and then treated with DMSO ( – Baf ) or 400 nM bafilomycin A 1 in DMSO (+ Baf ) for the last 2 h of the 48 h post - transfection period .
Cells were then FACS - sorted for the EGFP - positive cells , in which LC3 - II levels were assessed by western blotting and densitometric analysis relative to actin .
Htt levels were assessed by western blotting using MAB2166 .
There were no significant changes in LC3 - II levels in the huntingtin transfected Hdh− / − ES cells compared to empty vector transfected Hdh− / − ES cells in the absence ( P = 0.7103 ) or presence ( P = 0.4063 ) of bafilomycin A 1 .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1000838.g006
Importantly , we saw no difference in autophagy in 7Q - htt - overexpressing cells versus empty vector transfected cells ( Figure 6A and 6B ) , or when comparing huntingtin knockout ( Hdhex4/5/ Hdhex4/5 [ 47 ] ) mouse embryonic stem cells ( Hdh− / − ) which were either transfected with empty vector of with wild - type full - length 17Q - Htt ( Figure 6D ) , suggesting that the ability of htt to induce autophagy is a specific consequence of the loss of its polyQ tract .
ΔQ - htt expression stimulates autophagy via an mTOR –independent pathway A central regulator of metabolism and autophagy in both invertebrates and vertebrates is TOR ( Target of Rapamycin ) kinase , and inhibition of TOR kinase activity by rapamycin and its analogs has been used successfully to stimulate autophagic clearance of mutant htt aggregates in both Drosophila and mouse models for HD [ 48 ] .
To determine if the activity of mammalian TOR ( mTOR ) is inhibited by ΔQ - htt expression , we examined the phosphorylation status of mTOR in the striatum of two year old wild - type , HdhΔQ / + , Hdh140Q /+ , Hdh140Q/140Q , and Hdh140Q / ΔQ mice , and also the phosphorylation status of downstream targets of mTOR in our in vitro system ( Figure 7 ) .
Phospho - mTOR ( p - mTOR ) levels correlate positively with mTOR kinase activity and inversely with mTOR inhibition and the activation of macroautophagy [ 48 ] , although autophagy can also be regulated by mTOR - independent pathways .
We observed no difference in p-mTOR levels in the supernatant fractions of all genotypes examined ( Figure 7A ) .
However , we did detect an enrichment of p-mTOR in the striatal pellet fractions from the Hdh140Q /+ and Hdh140Q / 140Q brains .
This association of p-mTOR with the pellet fraction likely represents p-mTOR association with htt aggregates , as was observed previously both in vitro , and in a transgenic HD mouse model [ 48 ] .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 7 .
ΔQ - htt expression stimulates autophagy through an mTOR –independent mechanism .
( A ) Western blot analysis of the supernatant ( Sup ) and pellet ( Pel ) fractions from the striatum of 2 year old wild - type (+/+ ) , HdhΔQ /+ , Hdh140Q /+ , Hdh140Q / ΔQ , and Hdh140Q / 140Q mice probed with an antibody against phospho - mTOR ( p - mTOR ) .
The blots were stripped and re-probed with an antibody ( mTOR ) recognizing both phosphorylated ( enzymatically active form ) and non-phosphorylated mTOR ( enzymatically inactive form correlating with the induction of autophagy ) .
For protein loading control , a strip from the blot was stained with Ponceau S. The size of standards ( in kD ) is indicated on the left .
( B ) SK - N - SH cells transfected with vector control ( pCDNA3.1 ) , 7Q - htt , or ΔQ - htt constructs ( transfections were performed in triplicate at least twice ) were analyzed for mTOR activity 24 h post - transfection by western blotting using antibodies specific for two targets of mTOR kinase activity : S6 kinase ( S6K ) and S6 ribosomal protein ( S6P ) .
The relative levels of phospho - S6 K ( P - S6K ) and phospho - S6P ( P - S6P ) to total S6 K and S6P , respectively , were determined by densitometric scanning of western blots probed with antibodies specific for phospho - and total S6 K or S6P .
ΔQ - htt expression had no significant effect on the level of P - S6 K ( 7Q - htt versus vector control , P = 0.96 ; ΔQ - htt versus vector control , P = 0.30 ) or P - S6P ( 7Q - htt versus vector control , P = 0.26 ; ΔQ - htt versus vector control , P = 0.47 ) .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1000838.g007
To confirm our in vivo analyses , SK - N - SH cells were transfected with either 7Q - or ΔQ - htt expression constructs and the phosphorylation status of two targets of mTOR kinase activity were assessed 24 h post - transfection ( Figure 7B ) .
The levels of phospho - S6 kinase and phospho - S6 ribosomal protein were not significantly different in the cells transfected with 7Q - or ΔQ - htt , supporting the hypothesis that ΔQ - htt 's upregulation of autophagy is not mediated by a reduction in mTOR kinase activity .
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
You 've pulled yourself out of debt , are saving a reasonable amount of income for your retirement , have built an emergency fund , and your daily needs are easily met with your income .
Congratulations !
Now what ?
That 's exactly where I was in 2007 .
I sold my business and generated a huge windfall — over a million dollars .
I paid off all my debt .
And then I looked around and said , “ Oh , crap . ”
I had absolutely no idea what to do with my money .
Previously , any extra money I 'd earned was immediately stuffed back into my business , and I had been running deficits nearly everywhere .
This was the first time in my adult life I 'd ever had my head above water , financially speaking .
Over the next three months , I proceeded to blow over $ 50,000 .
Oh , do n't get me wrong — it was fun !
I bought a new car ( that I still drive ) , some really beautiful artwork from artists I loved ( that looks great on my walls ) , and thousands of dollars in clothes , new furniture , and other indulgences , such as $ 4,000 custom hand - made stereo speakers ( that I 'm listening to right now . )
It was fun …for a couple months .
Then it got boring .
My Spiral Into Depression
Like many lottery winners , I spiraled into depression .
The business I had spent six years of my life building was gone .
I felt adrift — like I had no purpose .
Despite having been “ successful ” , no one knew who I was .
I had marginalized most of my personal relationships in favor of growing my business and working myself to death .
And money was n't going to buy me out of the situation .
Slowly , I pulled myself out of my depression .
I realized I had the opportunity to make myself into anyone I wanted to be .
I could do anything I wanted .
I had complete freedom .
The thought was both exhilarating and terrifying .
I bought a shelf full of self - help books and read them all , relentlessly seeking to answer the many questions I had .
Some of them were philosophical , like “ What made me successful when so many others have failed ? ”
Some were practical , like “ How do I invest my money ? ”
But all of them led back to one deeper question : “ What should I do to be happy ? ” I soon realized the latter question was incorrect .
The better question was , “ Who should I be to be happy ? ”
In December 2007 , I started blogging .
I exposed a significant amount of my business life and thoughts .
I wrote about my successes and my mistakes and failures .
I enjoyed writing , doing videos , and interacting with my readers .
Helping others figure out their purpose , their businesses , and their websites and blogs was a fantastic experience .
Spending With a Purpose
I made a point of trying to achieve greater states of happiness on a daily basis .
Instead of being merely content — or even apathetic — with my current state of being , I realized I could be happier daily .
And suddenly it hit me : I understood what I wanted to do with my money .
I wanted to outsource pretty much everything I hated doing .
In order to live a simpler , calmer , but more effective life , I had to drop the shackles of wanting to do everything myself .
To allow time to meditate , think , write , and create , I had to get rid of the drudgery of daily tasks .
I realized my money could serve a fantastic dual purpose :
To allow others , whose passion is cooking , cleaning , or assisting in various ways to help me — while I supported them by giving them income to do what they loved .
My life fundamentally changed that day .
I started hiring people to do everything I did n't want to do .
The first step was to hire a cleaning service .
Then I hired a personal assistant to work out of my house , filing papers , doing laundry , and organizing .
I hired virtual assistants to do all the menial tasks I hated doing : bookkeeping ; video editing ; audio editing ; even setting up my Facebook fan page .
( Lisa , my VA who set up the Facebook page for me , said happily : “ I ca n't believe I get paid to do this ! ”
And I realized … we 're both lucky . )
My Daily Routine
I wake up in the morning and my VAs have sent me their updates .
I am building a business where I create how - to videos for small business owners and bloggers who want to drive more traffic to their sites and get more customers .
I learned meditation , and currently spend about 40 minutes a day relaxing .
I also spend a few hours a day doing the parts of my business I love , from creating videos to writing to programming .
When I walk down to the kitchen , it 's clean ; Elia , my housekeeper , comes in every week to make sure it 's spotless .
She spends 2 hours cleaning our kitchen ; total cost to me : $ 30 .
My VA in the Philippines edits my videos and does a fantastic job for $ 3.33 / hour .
Whenever I do an interview with another entrepreneur , I send it to another VA in the Philippines , who , for $ 9 / hour , edits it perfectly , getting rid of all the strange pauses and “ um ”s .
I send the edited interview off to a transcriptionist .
For less than $ 30 , I get back an excellent transcription , often 12 - 16 pages long .
Lisa , my VA here in the U.S. , has set up an entire website and integrated it with a shopping cart for my customers to order products and access them once they have ordered .
She charges $ 30 / hour ( my most expensive staff member ) and she 's worth every penny .
I treat my staff members well , and they love the fact that they can work from home and get paid great wages ( $ 3 / hour in in the Philippines is equal to about a $ 65,000 / year wage here in the U.S. )
They are happy — I can see it in their emails and text chat messages .
My partner Richard and I fight less .
There 's no scrapping over who will do a certain task .
If no one wants to do it , we work together to figure out how to hire someone .
A Disease Opens My Eyes
I was recently diagnosed with Celiac disease .
The management of the disease may sound simple , but it 's not : eliminate wheat , oats , barley and rye from your diet .
Most restaurants have very
few gluten - free items ; I 'm lucky if I can order one non-salad item from a typical menu .
Some restaurants are impossible to eat at ; soy sauce , for instance , has wheat in it .
I 've gotten sick from things as odd as bacon , cake frosting , and ranch dressing .
After a few weeks of eating mostly hot dogs and tuna fish , I grew tired of my limited options .
I thought about learning to cook , but it was n't something that excited me .
So we hired a personal chef to cook our meals — one who understands the challenge of cooking gluten - free .
We pay her $ 10 / hour , including travel time to deliver the food to us , and she gets a fun side job .
In a randomly - chosen week before I hired a personal chef , I ate out four times and went to the grocery store twice .
I spent a total of $ 179.91 on restaurants and groceries .
Last week , I spent $ 215.49 , including groceries , for eating out and paying my personal chef .
My “ eating out ” expenses dropped from $ 86.14 to just $ 32.28 — over 60 % less !
My total spent was $ 35.58 more , but to me , that 's a small price to pay for gourmet food of my choice delivered to my door .
Another remarkable and unexpected side effect was that I no longer have an urge to go out and spend money at fancy restaurants —
I simply ask my chef to make what I want and deliver it to me .
It has been more than two years since I sold my business , and I am happier than I have ever been .
I made different choices than most :
We rent a house instead of owning ( a savings of nearly $ 4,000 / month in our neighborhood — more than our monthly rent payment ! ) ; we only have basic cable ; we do n't have a landline , credit card debt , car payments , or student loans .
I chose , instead of buying more Stuff , to live a more fulfilled life .
For me , even more important than holding onto my money tightly was to learn to let it go — to give it to others in exchange for work well done , and to trust that they could do tasks well .
It 's one of the best decisions I 've ever made .
Mr Redknapp has been Tottenham manager since 2008 Tottenham Hotspur manager Harry Redknapp has been charged with two counts of tax evasion .
Mr Redknapp , 62 , was charged with cheating the public revenue of about £ 40,000 , at Bishopsgate police station .
It relates to two payments totalling US $ 295,000 allegedly made by former Portsmouth chairman Milan Mandaric to Mr Redknapp via a Monaco bank account .
Mr Mandaric was charged with tax evasion on Tuesday and both men are due before magistrates next month .
Mr Mandaric , 71 , is currently the chairman of Leicester City .
A Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) spokesman said : " The CPS Revenue and Customs Division decided there was sufficient evidence and it was in the public interest to charge Mr Redknapp .
Harry has co-operated fully with investigators during the course of this inquiry and is confident of a successful outcome
Ian Burton
Harry Redknapp 's solicitor " He is jointly charged with Milan Mandaric , the former chairman of Portsmouth Football Club , following an investigation by the City of London Police and HM Revenue and Customs . "
A CPS spokesman told the BBC that , as a common law offence , there is technically no maximum sentence for the charge - meaning that an unlimited fine or prison sentence could be decided at a judge 's discretion .
Ian Burton , Mr Redknapp 's solicitor , said : " Harry has co-operated fully with investigators during the course of this inquiry and is confident of a successful outcome to these court proceedings . "
Mr Burton , of law firm BurtonCopeland , added : " The £ 40,000 figure is our estimate . "
The charges relate to Mr Redknapp 's time as Portsmouth manager .
It is alleged he evaded tax and national insurance contributions between 1 April 2002 and 28 November 2007 .
Mr Redknapp was originally arrested in November 2007 by investigators looking at deals between Portsmouth and Birmingham City .
At the time he accused the police of targeting him simply because of his high profile .
' Non - football matter '
He left the club in 2008 to join his current employer .
Tottenham Hotspur have previously said the case will not affect his employment because it was a private , non - football matter and pre-dated his tenure at the club .
Following the charges , a spokesman for the club told the BBC : " His position remains unaffected and it is a private matter . "
Since taking over at Tottenham Mr Redknapp has guided the club from the threat of relegation to contention for European qualification this season .
Portsmouth are mired in financial difficulties and have been unable to pay players on several occasions .
Milan Mandaric is also charged with tax evasion Portsmouth chief executive Peter Storrie was also questioned during the 26 - month police inquiry about the transfer of former player Amdy Faye to the club from French side Auxerre for £ 1.5 m in August 2003 .
Mr Storrie was subsequently charged with concealing a signing - on fee during the deal by paying it into the midfielder 's bank account .
He is due to appear at Southwark Crown Court on 20 January .
Birmingham City 's former managing director Karren Brady and former co-owner David Sullivan were also investigated by police , but no further action was taken against them .
Mr Redknapp is due to appear at the City of Westminster Magistrates ' Court on 11 February .
In May 2008 Mr Redknapp sued City of London Police for arresting him and searching his home in Poole , Dorset .
The High Court ruled the search was unlawful and granted him £ 1,000 in damages .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This small Russian Christian photo retouching studio was discovered recently by the members of one of the largest Russian online communities .
In the matter of hours it has achieved a peak of glory spreading hugely across Russian blogs .
Why ?
Maybe we can get a clue by the looking on the examples of their works .
For seven years the man lay in a hospital bed , showing no signs of consciousness since sustaining a traumatic brain injury in a car accident .
His doctors were ­convinced he was in a vegetative state .
Until now .
To the astonishment of his ­medical team , the patient has been able to ­communicate with the outside world after scientists worked out , in effect , a way to read his thoughts .
They devised a technique to enable the man , now 29 , to answer yes and no to ­simple questions through the use of a hi-tech scanner , monitoring his brain ­activity .
To answer yes , he was told to think of playing tennis , a motor activity .
To answer no , he was told to think of wandering from room to room in his home , visualising everything he would expect to see there , creating activity in the part of the brain governing spatial awareness .
His doctors were amazed when the patient gave the correct answers to a series of questions about his family .
The ­experiment will fuel the controversy of when a patient should have life support removed .
It also raises the prospect of some form of communication with those who have been shut off from life , perhaps for years .
" We were astonished when we saw the results of the patient 's scan and that he was able to correctly answer the questions that were asked by simply changing his thoughts , " said Dr Adrian Owen , ­assistant director of the Medical Research Council 's cognition and brain sciences unit at ­Cambridge University .
" Not only did these scans tell us that the patient was not in a vegetative state but , more importantly , for the first time in five years it provided the patient with a way of communicating his thoughts to the outside world . "
Dr Steven Laureys , from the University of Liège in Belgium and co-author of the paper on the patient , said : " It 's early days , but in the future we hope to develop this technique to allow some patients to express their feelings and thoughts , control their environment and increase their quality of life . "
The patient has not been identified , but his family was said to have been happy with the outcome .
" That 's not unusual , " said Owen .
" The worst thing in this sort of situation is not knowing . "
He said that as many as one in five patients in a vegetative state may have a fully functioning mind .
The British and Belgian teams studied 23 patients classified as in a vegetative state and found that four were able to generate thoughts of tennis or their homes and create mind patterns that could be read by an fMRI ( functional magnetic resonance imaging ) scanner – although only one was asked specific questions .
Owen said that misdiagnosis of vegetative state was fairly common : in about 40 % of cases people are later found to be able to communicate in some way .
He said he believed that the patients who responded in the study were probably " perfectly consciously aware " , although he knew others would disagree .
" To be able to do what we have asked , you have got to be able to understand instructions , you have to have a ­functioning memory to remember what tennis is and you have to have your attention intact .
I can't think of what cognitive functions they have n't got and still be able to do this , " he said .
When it was suggested that to be ­conscious but trapped in an inert body might be a worse fate than to know nothing , Owen said : " On the plus side we are making enormous advances .
Things have changed so much in the last few years . "
Owen was speaking from Austria , where he had travelled for a conference on the latest in brain - operated technology – ­computerised devices powered by thought – which is attracting interest , including from the games industry .
" Perhaps some of these patients could benefit from some of these activities , " he said .
In the meantime , doctors will at least be able to ask patients if they are ­experiencing pain .
The paper , published tonight in the New England Journal of Medicine , generated immediate excitement .
" These findings have broad ­implications , not just for concerns about the accurate assessment of vast numbers of patients in custodial care situations , but in the context of any clinical encounter where we currently rely on behavioural assessment alone to identify consciousness , " said Dr Nicholas D Schiff , associate professor of neurology and neuroscience at Weill Cornell medical college in New York .
He called for urgent efforts to identify and help such patients .
" The most important question left unanswered by these findings is what mechanism accounts for the stunning dissociation of behaviour and integrative brain function .
I think we can be sure that as the biological answers underlying this question become more clear this will have a profound impact across medicine . "
Professor Chris Frith , of the Wellcome Trust 's centre for neuroimaging at University College London , said Owen and his colleagues had opened the way to communicating with patients in a vegetative state .
" It is difficult to imagine a worse experience than to be a functioning mind trapped in a body over which you have absolutely no control , " he said .
" Obviously , more technical ­development is required , but we now have the distinct possibility that , in the future , thanks to Owen and colleagues ' work we will be able to detect cases of other patients who are conscious , and what 's more , we will be able to communicate with them . "
Outlawing Health Insurance Monopolies Would Be Good for Doctors , Patients
OAKLAND , Calif. , Feb. 25 / PRNewswire -USNewswire / --
" This vote is an important step towards breaking the monopoly power of some health insurers , " responded Dr. Stuart Bussey , President of the Union of American Physicians and Dentists ( UAPD ) , to the news of a vote taken Wednesday by the US House of Representatives .
The House passed the Health Insurance Industry Fair Competition Act ( HR 4626 ) , which rolls back the anti-trust exemptions that the insurance industry has enjoyed since the passage of the McCarran Ferguson Act in 1945 .
Representatives voted 406- 19 in favor of the bill , which received strong support from the White House earlier in the week .
The bill now moves to the Senate for consideration .
Many believe that their exemption from federal anti-trust law has allowed some players in the insurance industry to gain too much power .
" Right now , the health insurance industry is highly concentrated , and the lack of competition hurts doctors as well as patients , " according to Dr. Bussey of UAPD .
" When an insurer dominates the market , doctors in that area can either follow that company 's rules or go out of business – the insurer gets too much power over the practice of medicine . "
Bussey is optimistic that HR 4626 could change that .
" Getting rid of the anti-trust exemption for health insurers will allow the federal government to step in to break up the monopolies that have formed .
It will open the door to competition .
It 's good for everyone — except insurance industry executives . "
Introduced by Reps. Tom Perriello ( D - VA ) and Betsy Markey ( D - CO ) , HR 4626 is similar to language that was included in the health care reform package that was passed by the House last year .
That language was not included in the version of the health care reform bill being considered by the Senate .
After President Barack Obama spoke favorably of HR 4626 on Tuesday , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi indicated that the bill would be brought quickly to a vote .
The Union of American Physicians and Dentists ( UAPD ) is the largest union of fully - licensed doctors in the United States .
Founded in 1972 , UAPD represents doctors working in both the public sector and private practice .
UAPD has a record of advocating for the repeal of the anti-trust exemptions created by the McCarran Ferguson Act .
SOURCE Union of American Physicians and Dentists
The Department of Defense has identified 4,369 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war and 992 who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans on Tuesday :
Iraq
ALFORD , Marcus R. , 28 , Capt. , Army ; Knoxville , Tenn. ; First Squadron , 230th Cavalry Regiment .
GRINDER , Billie J. , 25 , Chief Warrant Officer , Army ; Gallatin , Tenn. ; First Squadron , 230th Cavalry Regiment .
Afghanistan
SALVACION , J. R. , 27 , Ewa Beach , Hawaii ; Fourth Infantry Division .
Spending the rest of the night on the damp floor of the cell was grim , and breakfast , when it came , consisted of a boiled egg and some rice thrown into a carrier bag .
I was dragged off to another room , where a police officer speaking only a smattering of English tried to take a statement from me .
I realised my ordeal was ending when one of my interrogators came in and sheepishly announced my lawyer was there to see me .
BILLIE PIPER ( Rose Tyler ) was a guest on the Scot Mills show on Radio 1 yesterday ( hosted by Sara Cox ) .
During the interview she talked about Matt Smith , David Tennant and the Doctor Who ' movie ' , of which she says , " they are doing it " .
Hear the Who ~related clips in the player below ( the movie is discussed in Part 1 ) .
Labels : Audio , Billie Piper Interview , David Tennant , Doctor Who Movie , Matt Smith , sara cox , scott mills , the movie
As 2010 , the UN's International Year of Biodiversity , gets underway , a fight against some of the most damaging invasive species in US waterways is heating up .
The UN says some experts put the rate at which species are disappearing at 1,000 times the natural rate , and invasive species – which consume the food or habitat of native species , or the native species themselves – are one factor contributing to this acceleration .
Climate change is another major factor .
" Often it will be the combination of climate change and [ invasive ] pests operating together that will wipe species out , " says Tim Low of the Australia - based Invasive Species Council .
The International Union for Conservation of Nature says that 38 % of the 44,838 species catalogued on its Red List are " threatened with extinction " – and at least 40 % of all animal extinctions for which the cause is known are the result of invasive species .
But just as invasives are not the only threat to biodiversity , the threat to biodiversity is not the only problem caused by the havoc – ecological as well as economic – wreaked by species that are transported to a foreign habitat , get a foothold there and spread , often voraciously .
The UN Convention on Biological Diversity says the spread of invasives costs 1.4 trillion dollars a year globally in damages and control measures .
The US alone loses 138 billion dollars a year in the fight .
The problem can be seen throughout US waterways , from Asian clams in California 's Lake Tahoe to snakehead fish in the East Coast 's Potomac River .
One of the most immediate threats – Asian carp – is currently on the doorstep of the Great Lakes ecosystem , where it could decimate a seven - billion - dollar fishing industry among other economic and ecological assets .
After being imported to the south - eastern US in the 1970s for use in containing aquatic plants , bighead and silver carp , collectively referred to as Asian carp , eventually escaped from fish farms there and made their way north via the Mississippi River .
They have taken over stretches of adjoining waterways such as the Illinois River and evidence was found in November that the fish are within seven miles of Lake Michigan .
The concerns over what a carp infestation might mean for the Great Lakes ' industries and environment are several - fold .
Asian carp are voracious eaters , consuming 40 times their body weight in a day , and females can carry a million eggs and spawn multiple times in a season .
Silver carp , which can top out at 1.2 metres and 45 kilogrammes , jump far out of the water at the sound of a boat motor .
They are generally unappealing to U.S. consumers as food fish due to the floating bones in their flesh .
The battle over how to protect the Great Lakes ecosystem – which accounts for 20 % of the world 's freshwater – has now made it to the US Supreme Court , where Michigan and other Great Lakes states are suing the state of Illinois to temporarily shut canals in the Chicago area that connect the Mississippi River system to Lake Michigan , thus blocking the fish 's path until a tenable solution is agreed .
The lakes have been hit before .
Zebra mussels , for instance , have colonised the region 's waters beginning in the late 1980s .
Zebra and quagga mussels , both of which were most likely transported to the US in the ballast water of trans - oceanic ships , have since spread across the country , clogging pipelines and water intakes at significant economic cost .
At Nevada 's massive Hoover Dam , quagga mussels have forced some turbines to be temporarily shut down , affecting 1.6 million electricity users .
In terms of damage to biodiversity , Asian carp crowd out other species by simply eating and reproducing more and faster .
They make up 95 % of the biomass in some stretches of the Illinois River .
Similarly , when the Nile Perch was introduced to Africa 's Lake Victoria , 100 to 150 endemic fish species were wiped out .
The role of climate change
Local species may become even more vulnerable to certain invaders as the effects of climate change are increasingly felt and habitats are disrupted by phenomena such as warmer temperatures and rising sea levels .
" We know invasive species can capitalise on these disturbances , " says Scott Loarie , a co-author of a study in the current issue of the journal Nature which points out how fast species will have to migrate to keep pace with a changing climate .
As ecosystems are transformed , " weedy - type species might be able to adapt and expand better than the original species , " he says .
" In Australia , temperatures have risen the most at the highest altitudes , and these are the places where invasive species have multiplied the most , " says Low .
" In the Australian Alps , introduced foxes , rabbits , hares , house mice , horses and weeds have all increased either in numbers or in range . "
The effects on biodiversity are evident .
" The foxes are a real concern " , he says , explaining that the Bogong moths that used to be a major food source for foxes are migrating to the mountains later in the season due to changing temperatures .
This means foxes are preying on other species , such as the endangered mountain pygmy possum , which also rely on the moths for food and are now forced to spend more time in the open searching for food .
A changing climate is likely to hit aquatic species quickest .
A recent study by researchers at Nasa 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory found that lake surface temperatures in six Northern California and Nevada lakes are , on average , warming at twice the rate of the surrounding air .
One potential fallout of this trend is a more hospitable environment for invasive species , like the Asian clam that first appeared in California 's Lake Tahoe at the beginning of this century but which is now prevalent enough that its waste has caused algae blooms in the lake 's tourist - drawing crystal waters .
On the other side of the globe , river flows are decreasing in West Africa due to less precipitation at their sources , a result of climate change .
This has allowed the South American native water hyacinth to prosper .
The hyacinth clogs rivers and water intakes , blocks sunlight , and crowds out native species .
Back on the land , plants like serrated tussock have invaded grazing land in Australia and elsewhere , pushing out the native grasses livestock depend on with devastating speed .
Low says invasive plants alone cost Australia over 3.5 billion dollars in agriculture losses and control efforts .
And the mountain pine beetle , aided by milder winter temperatures , is devastating British Columbia forests .
Changing temperatures have also allowed the beetle to move to higher latitudes .
It is expected to kill almost 80 percent of pine in the province by 2015 .
The list goes on .
Though climate change is only one factor in the spread of invasives , these intruders are generally given a leg up by the disruptions caused by a changing climate since they are typically very hardy species and adept at capitalising on opportunities to colonise areas .
" Climate change is creating some difficult conditions for a number of living organisms and most of the invasive alien species are more resistant , more opportunistic than the organisms in a given place , " the U.N. Convention on Biological Diversity 's Kalemani Mulongoy said in November .
Xeno C. wrote :
I have an initialize method I want to run at the end of any daughter or
granddaughter ‘ initialize ’ to make sure the state has been created
properly , and
I would rather specify the execution from the base class itself than
count on
those descendents to do it .
This is a designed - in feature of Common Lisp , where you can define
: after methods which do what you describe ( there ’s also : before and
: around methods too ) .
I thought I saw Ruby 2.0 prototype code for something similar ( : pre and
: post methods ? ) , but I ca n’t seem find the reference now .
A possible long - term solution ( which begins as an experiment ) is to go
the whole nine yards : design the spec for : pre and : post methods ( maybe
: around too ) , implement it , and publish the gem .
Refine until it starts
to crystallize .
Then use the gem .
( It ’s not overly clever if there ’s a clean API together with a boatload
of tests , in my opinion . )
Images are important .
We often use images to think about others , to understand them and to interact with them .
But images can be wrong .
Some Christians , when imagining themselves to be generous , have an image of Atheists as “ searchers ” .
They envision us as fumbling in the dark until we discover their brand of Truth .
Or perhaps they use the image of the proverbial blind men who can only barely perceive the elephant [ God ] .
Thus they see their role as being there to gently fill in our lack of vision .
These Christians get their “ seeker ” image from one of their favorite Bible verses where Jesus says :
‘ So I say to you , Ask , and it will be given to you ; Search , and you will find ; Knock , and the door will be opened for you .
For everyone who asks receives , and everyone who searches finds , and for everyone who knocks , the door will be opened .
— Luke 11 : 9 -10 ( NRSV )
You see , using this image of us as searching for the truth , Christians can then feel they are part of God ’s mission to help us — they are there to offer our blind eyes a glimpse of Jesus .
To them , it is much more generous to see us as blind seekers rather than to just envision us as doomed blasphemous unbelievers .
For if we are “ seekers ” or “ searchers ” , we are not yet full blown dangerous hell - fated heretics .
To rid themselves of that image , they are compelled to sanitize us with the “ Seeker Image ” .
For if they did n’t , they would have to contend with this haunting Bible verse that commands them to shun us :
Everyone who does not abide in the teaching of Christ , but goes beyond it , does not have God ; whoever abides in the teaching has both the Father and the Son .
Do not receive into the house or welcome anyone who comes to you and does not bring this teaching ; for to welcome is to participate in the evil deeds of such a person .
— 2 John 1:9-11 ( NRSV )
Thus if they are truly Bible - loving Christians and they want to keep relating with us unbelievers , they must first sanitize us .
They sanitize us by imaging us poor atheists as still “ searching ” .
They then think of themselves as being in relationship to us so as to gently guide us toward the light — toward truth .
Or perhaps to just be kind to us while God works with us .
Either way , once they have sanitized us as being a “ searcher ” instead of just a pure outright blasphemer , they feel safe to continue relating to us .
These images help ease their cognitive dissonance .
This sanitization is further needed because of another conscience - haunting Bible verse :
Do not be mismatched with unbelievers .
For what partnership is there between righteousness and lawlessness ?
Or what fellowship is there between light and darkness ?
— 2 Corinthians 6:14 ( NRSV )
So , 2 John tells them to shun guests or strangers who do n’t believe , while 2 Corinthians tells them to not even partner up with deniers of Christ .
So , how can a Bible - loving Christian deal with us hell - bound unbelievers ?
They must do something to cure their cognitive dissonance .
Well , one method is to use the imagery in the Luke verse above ( also in Matthew 7:7 ) .
They can use Luke and Matthew to help see us as seekers who may someday find Jesus .
Doing this , they sanitize us and then can sweep those other nasty verses under their spiritual carpet and alleviate their mental distress .
But do n’t let them sanitize you !
Get the image of a “ searcher ” out of their heads .
Tell them you are an explorer !
Images are important .
Do n’t indulge them by letting them envision you as a blind seeker .
This blind seeker image is fed by this story of Jesus healing a blind man just like you .
He [ the former blind man ] answered , ‘ The man called Jesus made mud , spread it on my eyes , and said to me , “ Go to Siloam and wash . ”
Then I went and washed and received my sight . ’
— John 9:11 ( NRSV )
I am an Explorer !
Instead of letting Christians sanitize you and thus letting them easing their consciences , keep that cognitive dissonance burning in their minds .
Tell them you are not a seeker .
Tell them you do n’t need Jesus to rub mud in your eyes .
Tell them you are not searching for either Jesus or God .
Tell them you are not searching for the final truth of the universe so as to comfort your soul .
Let Christians know you are not burdened with spiritual confusion nor seeking the one answer .
You are not a seeker .
Instead , tell them you are an EXPLORER !
Instead of buying into their view that there is some final goal in life , tell them that “ The path IS the goal ” .
You may appear as a seeker to them because you keep looking into all the various religious thoughts out there .
But let them know you do it more as an anthropologist , a sociologist , ra psychologist , a scientist , an artist or a musician — not as a seeker .
Give them the image of yourself as an excited explorer .
From Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
De Stijl
After World War
I there was a turning away from old forms and philosophies among architects and designers , just as there was among artists and writers .
Many of the same abstract ideas came into play , as did ideas that incorporated the “ machine ” aesthetics of the new industrial age .
In fact , one of the important trends of the 20th century would be the increasing parallels between – even merging of – art and design , which had been separated since the end of the renaissance .
In the early 1920 ’s a group of architects and artists , influenced by some of the ideas of DaDa , formed a movement called de Stijl ( Dutch for The Style ) .
Theirs was a utopian philosophical approach to aesthetics , centered in a publication called de Stijl , which presented their ideas and designs .
The founder of the publication and leader of the group was Theo van Doesburg , an architect .
Other important participants were Gerrit Rietveld and Piet Mondrian .
The philosophy was based on functionalism , with a severe and doctrinaire insistence on the rectilinearity of the planes , which seem to slide across one another like sliding panels .
All surface decoration except color was to be eliminated , and only pure primary hues , plus black and white were to be allowed .
The most important thing about this group was their ideas , since they managed to build very few of their designs .
One important exception is Gerrit Rietveld ’s Schroeder House , which is the most complete realization of the de Stijl aesthetic .
Not only the house , but also the furnishings and decoration were planned by Rietveld .
In spite of the apparently small output of this group , they would be very influential on subsequent design styles .
The initial source of their ideas came from DaDa notions about dispensing with the pretentious elitist design aesthetics of the pre war era .
Some of the early work of Frank Lloyd Wright , which had been published in Europe in 1910 , influenced their notions about form .
Japanese sources were also of significance , though these ideas may have been derived through the work of Wright .
Source : Art , Design and Visual Thinking
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
De Stijl , the new universal vision .
Theo van Doesburg and Vilmos Huszår ( Huszår designed this first cover ) founded the De Stijl journal in 1918 , a publication that protested war , individualism and nationalism .
The De Stijl design concept was organized space on geometric principles and the use of pure colors only .
Architects were involved in the movement who carried through their principles in several projects .
Piet Mondrian , Dutch artist , was also involved with this group from its inception .
It ended with the death of Theo van Doesburg in 1931 as he had been its driving force .
Source : flickr
Anonymous .
Source : flickr
Paul Schuitema ( ? ) -
1
Paul Schuitema ( ? ) -
2
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1919
Exhibition poster designed by De Stijl member Bart van der Leck 1919 .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1920
Designed by Piet Swart or Paul Schutema , I think , in the 1920’s .
Source : flickr
An advertising poster promoting car lights for Philips 1920 .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1922
Piet Zwart design , double page , catalog , 1922 .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1923
Poster designed by Piet Zwart 1923 .
Source : flickr
Title page of a brochure designed by Piet Zwart 1923 .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1924
Piet Zwart design for a flooring advertisement , 1924 .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1925
Piet Zwart , broadside announcement for Experimenteel Tooneel WijNu , 1925
Source : Design Observer
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1925
Sign designed by Loxton Knight .
A Dutch commercial art layout way back in 1925 .
Our advertising design roots run deeper than we sometimes know .
I would say that this was modernistic , in keeping with Europe ’s dominant commercial graphic movement at that time .
Source : flickr
Travel poster designed by Adriaan va n’t Hoff 1925 .
Source : flickr
Paul Schutema designed this ad for P. van Berkel company 1925 .
Source : flickr
I ’m not sure about this .
I know that it was designed by Piet Zwart 1925 , but I just do n’t know what it is .
Source : flickr
Designed by Piet Zwart 1925 .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1926
Catalog double page spread , designed by Piet Zwart , 1926 .
Source : flickr
Designed by Piet Zwart .
Source : flickr
Double page spread for a catalog , 1926 and designed by Piet Zwart .
Source : flickr
Double page layout for a catalog designed by Piet Zwart 1926 .
Source : flickr
Exhibition poster designed by Paul Schutema 1926 .
Source : flickr
Catalog cover designed by Piet Zwart 1926 .
Piet Zwart was never a member of De Stijl as far as I know , although he knew and respected the people involved in the De Stijl movement .
He went his own way , which was an application of his ideas and principles in the very commercial , tough , working world of advertising art .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1927
i10 , international revue publication co-founded with Arthur Lehning and Moholy Nagy .
Source : flickr
Piet Zwartz , page 2 and 3 from a catalog .
Piet was too busy getting graphic design out of the monotonous lay - outs of the 1920’s .
Take a look at the advertisements in old National Geographic magazines of that time period , then look at his work .
Piet Zwart was truly a pioneer , a designer who actually made a living out of going his own way , following his own principles .
That ’s the toughest road of all .
Design today seems to center around the idea , not function and the visual .
Software makes it so easy to push type and canned thinking around until it “ fits ” .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1928
I think this is the title page of a brochure for broadcasting station Scheveningen designed by Piet Zwart 1928 .
Source : flickr
Page 3 of a brochure for broadcasting station Scheveningen , 1928 .
It looks as if the designer Piet Zwart used the photogram technic for this beautiful layout .
Source : flickr
Film poster designed by Piet Zwart 1928 .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1929
Wendingen / Diego Rivera publication cover designed by Vilmos Huzår 1929 .
In 1918 , architect Hendrik Wijdeweld founded the magazine Wendingen ( Changes ) .
He chose the square format for the publication and used san serif type faces , both avant - garde for the day .
It was printed on a Chinese paper stock and bound with raffia .
Source : flickr
Travel poster designed by Machiel Wilmink 1929 .
TYR just sent on a message that this is his great - great - grandfather ’s design .
Source : flickr
Advertisement designed by Piet Zwart 1929 .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1929/1930
Page 5 of a brochure for airmail promotion , 1929 / 30 .
Designer Piet Zwart .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1930
Design for a printing company by Piet Zwart 1930 .
DaDa truly influenced this and this direction truly influenced how we see layout today .
It was practically unheard of to use this type of visual in the time period just after WWI .
Source : flickr
Exposition poster designed by P.A.H. Hofman 1930 .
Source : flickr
Piet Zwart design for a radio- cable advertisement , 1930 .
Source : flickr
Advertisement , designer Piet Zwart 1930 .
Source : flickr
I may be wrong but I think that this is a title page for a type specimen book designed by Piet Zwart 1930 .
I also think that he did most of his own photography .
Source : flickr
An advertisement designed by Piet Zwart 1930 .
Source : flickr
A brochure for air - mail designed by Piet Zwart about 1930 .
He took typography out of the nineteenth century and created design in keeping with the DaDa , DeStijl and Futurist movements , and the new industrial age of Europe .
He was truly a pioneer of contemporary graphics .
Spource : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1931
A Dutch film periodical cover designed by Piet Zwart 1931 .
Source : flickr
More cover designed by Piet Zwart .
Source : flickr
Brochure “ Reclame ” , page 4 .
I am not too sure if this was designed by Piet Zwart or not .
1931 .
It says ;
advertisement is not a shout
advertisement is a science
advertisment is a force
Source : flickr
Piet Zwart design from a brochure , 1931 .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1932
A Dutch film periodical cover designed by Piet Zwart 1932 .
Source : flickr
Exposition poster designed by Zeguers 1932 .
Strongly influenced by the modern movement .
Source : flickr
Automobile show poster designed by Jacob Jangma 1932 .
Source : flickr
Anonymous .
Source : flickr
Anonymous .
Exhibition poster 1932 .
Source : flickr
De Reclame , an advertising magazine cover , designed by J.A.W. von Stein 1932 .
Source : flickr
All the elements of contemporary design are plainly visable in the title pages of de 8 .
Part of the foundation of design that we work in today can be found these early designs .
Source : flickr
Another de 8 .
The chances of finding a market for progressive design were extremely small in the 1930 ’s and the freelance designer just did not exist in the sense that we know today .
Advertising was rated low and looked upon with disdain as the concern of the so - called advertising agencies .
There was very little oportunity to produce progressive work , in Europe or the USA .
The depression was full - blown during those years and times were hard everywhere .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1933
Aviation poster designed by Adriaan va n’t Hoff 1933 .
Source : flickr
Aviation school poster designed by Kees van der Laan 1933 .
Source : flickr
The group “ de 8 ″ included Dutch architects such as van Eestern , Karsten , Merkelbach , Rietveld , Zwart , van der Broek , Bakema and others .
The chief initiating force behind the periodical was the architect Merkelbach .
There was no editor - in - chief .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1934
K.L.M. airline poster designed by Machteld den Hetog 1934 .
Source : flickr
Poster for Netherlands PTT , designed by Piet Zwart 1934 .
Source : flickr
Pioneer beginnings of New Graphic Design .
Anyone involved with producing work in this direction faced infinitely greater technical and material difficulties than those that confront the graphic designer today .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1935
An anti-alcohol poster / calendar 1935 , no designer ’s name .
It ’s interesting to see how the printer tipped in a standard trade printed calendar .
The old and the new .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1936
Travel poster designed by Wim ten Broek 1936 .
Source : flickr
1936 de 8 en opbouw title page designed by the architects who were responsible for the publication .
This pioneer Dutch periodical was issued from 1932 through to 1943 , the economically toughest years of all .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1938
A commerical application of the art moderne style .
Magazine cover 1938 .
Anonymous .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1940
An anti-Nazi poster designed by V. Reen 1940 .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1941
Exhibition poster designed by Steen 1941 .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1960
Netherlands exhibition poster “ The man behind the designing of the post and telegraph graphics ” designed by Peter Brattinga 1960 .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1961
Book , “ G.R. Kruissink , Zuiderzee ” , Jurriaan Schrofer , 1961 .
Source : NAGO
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1965
Poster , “ Bijenkorfiade ” , Total Design , Benno Wissing , 1965 .
Source : NAGO
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1969
Holland poster by Dick Elfers .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1974
Book , “ Radio Nederland , Opus 74 ″ , Dick Elffers , 1974 .
Source : NAGO
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1980
Folder , “ Dodendans .
De dood in de beeldende kunst van middeleeuwen tot twintigste eeuw ” , Ko Sliggers , 1980 .
Source : NAGO
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1982
Poster , “ ‘60 ‘ 80 attitudes / concepts / images , een keuze uit 20 jaar internationale beeldende kunst ” , Wim Crouwel , Total Design , 1982 .
Source : NAGO
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1989
Wim Crouwel was director of the Dutch Boysmans - van Beuningen museum in Rotterdam who commissioned the British design group 8vo to design a series of museum posters with the stipulation that Futura be used .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1991
Wim Crouwel was director of the Dutch Boysmans - van Beuningen museum in Rotterdam who commissioned the British design group 8vo to design a series of museum posters with the stipulation that Futura be used .
Source : flickr
Another Wim Crouwel’s .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1994
Wim Crouwel was director of the Dutch Boysmans - van Beuningen museum in Rotterdam who commissioned the British design group 8vo to design a series of museum posters with the stipulation that Futura be used 1989 - 1994 .
Source : flickr
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Note : Komentar dari kolektor ( Marryellen , pengajar desain grafis ) – yang terkadang tercantum pada deskripsi masing - masing karya – sengaja tidak dihapus , karena bisa merupakan informasi yang berguna untuk melakukan penelitian yang lebih mendalam .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Contemporary Dutch graphic design : an insider / outsider ’s view
by Peter Biľak
It is too simple to suggest that Dutch graphic designers have an easy working life .
The ‘ official anarchy1 ’ of the design scene is often romanticised , but like anywhere else , the country has its share of mediocre designers and conservative clients .
One still has to fight for a good idea .
However , the position of a graphic designer in the Netherlands remains very different from other countries , even neighbouring ones such as Germany or Belgium .
It is impossible not to notice the impact of graphic design in everyday life .
Take a traditionally conservative client such as the national bank : instead of the portraits of national heroes or symbols of power common to almost all other countries ’ banknotes , the Dutch ones feature a bird , a sunflower and a lighthouse .
Even more remarkable is the fact that these motifs were proposed by the designer himself .
The reason why the Dutch currency is so out - of - step with other countries is , of course , due to the attitude adopted by the commissioner – De Nederlandsche Bank .
Although the series of banknotes dated 1977 has since been partially replaced , the position of the designer has remained privileged .
The new series employs wholly abstract images2 .
In their book Graphic design and Idealism , Leonie ten Duis and Annelies Haase describe the designer ’s position : ‘ With the idea that client and designer had separate responsibilities , the Bank never felt the need to take over the job of the designer or issue an aesthetic veto .
Dutch money was the result both of the designer ’s extensive autonomy and of the Bank ’s flexible attitude as the client . ’3
More than any other form of art , graphic design directly reflects the prevailing historical , economic , political and social contexts .
Its apparent significance or relevance is therefore altered ( lost , improved or damaged ) by a change of context .
Graphic design does not exist in a vacuum .
Its position depends on the system of relationships between the commissioner , public and designer .
The exhibition in the RAS gallery presents work which was created in a different country under its own specific conditions .
In order to understand graphic design stripped of its original environment , further clarification is necessary .
Dutch graphic design is affected by a number of factors – the relatively small scale of the country , its long arts tradition , and prosperous economy – which have resulted in a uniquely creative atmosphere .
In particular , the government ’s generous cultural funding system is often purported to be the main reason for the ‘ advanced ’ nature of Dutch graphic design – the constant flow of money facilitating unconventional approaches .
This central financial support is deeply rooted in the country ’s history : artists have enjoyed a relatively high social status since the Golden Age of the Dutch monarchy .
The old mercenaries have been replaced by the government ’s own commissioning strategies .
Some larger companies have ‘ aesthetic consultants ’ responsible for selecting suitable designers for specific projects .
The Dutch Royal Telecom ( KPN ) , for example , runs an Art and Design department in charge of commissioning designers , and has long been one of the most respected graphic design clients in the world .
The Dutch government itself is also a prime commissioning body .
Each ministry strives for its own , unique form of visual expression much envied by designers from abroad for their courageous , risk - taking approach towards their visual output .
Such progressive attitudes are not new .
As early as the beginning of the 20th century , company directors and their consultants were busy supporting culture , which included promoting design and its impact on society .
These efforts were often idealistic , a natural reaction of a small country surrounded by English , French and German speaking neighbours .
Designers were asked to collaborate in creating a ‘ contemporary look of companies ’ .
In a relatively short time , the design profession managed to secured its ground , upon which the succeeding generations could build .
The tradition of intelligent design policies are apparent in both the public and private sectors .
The existence of young , small studios in The Netherlands is made possible though financial grants from various cultural funds .
The BKVB ( The Netherlands Foundation for Visual Arts , Design and Architecture ) , for example , subsidised more than 5000 artists and designers in recent years , enabling them to concentrate on developing their work , to keep afloat in day - to - day practice or finance their personal projects .
Such support offers newly - starting designers an opportunity to establish themselves without major financial difficulties .
Although most of the stipends come directly from the central Ministry of Culture , the funding institutions make their selections independently , employing juries of experts .
Many designers in the RAS exhibition benefited directly from this process .
All this is possible because of the history of country ’s welfare .
Built primarily on centuries of naval trade , the Netherlands ’ prosperous economy created a healthy business environment and unique position for design : there appears to be enough work for everyone , and the scene does not seem overly competitive , at least by international standards .
Finally , the Netherlands ’ long arts tradition has created superior conditions for its artists and designers , with a clear lineage through generations and styles .
To take a random example from the people present in the RAS show : designers from Pingpong were students of Mevis & Van Deursen , who both spent their internships with Gert Dumbar , one of whose teachers was Dutch design godfather Piet Zwart .
Such connections are very common .
Outsiders are often surprised how closely the scene is interlinked .
Because of the country ’s small scale , Dutch graphic design is a hermetic world .
To continue the story : all the members of Pingpong also used to work at Studio Dumbar ; Linda van Deursen studied at the Rietveld Academy where she now teaches along with Experimental Jetset and DEPT , all of whom studied under her .
Jop van Bennekom , who also teaches there , was a student of Armand Mevis at the Jan van Eyck Akademie .
The designer of those original Dutch banknotes , Ootje Oxenaar , was also once the director of the ‘ Aesthetic Design Department ’ of the PTT .
He recalls his years as the head of the Design department as being ‘ in the business not of making profits but of spiritual well - being ’ .
This idealistic remark is now somewhat outdated , as the PTT and KPN are both privatised , and very much market - and expansion - driven .
The KPN now responds to market mechanisms as much as any other multinational corporation , yet maintains its art and design department to ensure certain standards .
The RAS exhibition of young Dutch graphic designers lists an impressive array of already - established designers , though it is difficult to identify any commonalities across the generation .
These designers share little other than an assertive attitude .
Whilst another godfather , Wim Crouwel , fought for the idea of neutral information transfer , the new generation demands that their work be anything but neutral ; it consists rather of contemporary expression and personal messages .
Of course , the Internet offers limitless space for self - expression , and Dutch designers are zealously embracing it .
There has never been a smaller gap between ‘ new ’ and ‘ old ’ media .
The current generation realises that there are no fundamental differences ; each medium requires specific solutions , but the laws of communication remain the same .
The position of the graphic designer is constantly changing .
What was once described as a problem - solving industrial art no longer considers itself merely subservient .
We are currently witnessing the designer ’s urge to establish his or her own voice , which includes the creation of autonomous ( non-commissioned ) work .
It is not unusual for designers to be involved in specifying the exact nature of vague assignments , or creating and editing content , so the difference between the self - initiated and ‘ real ’ commissioned projects becomes increasingly blurred .
‘ Low culture ’ ( music , television , computing , advertising , and the Internet ) is more influential than previous generations ’ theoretical preoccupations .
The designers here have been ( and are being ) brought up in a media - saturated information society .
This is the first generation growing up considering such conditions ‘ normal ’ ; not being shocked by constant technological changes , but accepting them as inevitable .
Instead of petty complaints about the perpetual ( re ) definition of hypermedia , the Internet , the ‘ computer as medium or a tool ’ debate , etc. , they use all available techniques to their advantage .
This generation is fluent in expression , using the computer as both tool and medium .
The overload of visual messages from all directions is making the public aware that all communication is manipulated .
Designers now work in a situation where everything is questioned and nothing taken for granted .
There is also a sense of nostalgia for a world defined by common values ; what used to be simply polarised is now open for interpretation .
In this context it is impossible to introduce a generic style ( such as the ‘ international style ’ that originated in 1950s Switzerland ) .
New forms are short - lived , with immediate counter - forms resulting from a constant search for the new .
Robin Kinross viewed this trend with skepticism : ‘ Despite its air of freedom , such an approach has deep limitations .
Not only it is reactive ( against what has gone before ) rather than constructive ( attending to the needs of its time ) , but it also reproduces the rejections already worked through by avant - garde of Dada and early typography .
Forms that once carried a charge of social criticism become domesticated in the comfortable circumstances of western design culture . ’4
The contemporary design scene is characterised by polyphonic voices , diverse styles and methods with apparently contradictory aims and audiences .
In the words of the Dutch expat designer Max Kisman , the style of Dutch design ‘ is the style of styles .
There is pluriformity which is unique to Holland . ’
Although contemporary Dutch design is impossible to label stylistically as a whole , one contemporary trend is the tendency against overdesigning .
It is an obvious reaction to the visual gimmickry and slickness which was so highly valued in recent decades .
Simplicity is appreciated again , as well as ordinary or obvious solutions in which the designer ’s hand is practically invisible .
This approach embodies a paradox : work radiates the appearance that it is not made by a professional , whilst actually being made by an expert .
As such , ‘ undesign ’ is itself a design strategy .
Designers combine conventions with unconventional approaches .
To adopt art terminology such work might also be described as postmodern or ironic ; combining the incompatible , referring to conventions and cliches , and staying free of doctrines .
Another prominent feature is self - referentialism or work made to appeal primarily to design colleagues or design competitions rather than responding to actual questions .
Felix Janssens and Mark Schalken were frustrated by the current conditions so much that they issued their own Manifesto of the Sober Thinking Society :
They present their aversion to formal voluptuousness , far from the substance of design : ‘ Perhaps graphic design is doing so well in the Netherlands because not a great deal of thinking is put into it .
What is the sense of this ever expanding stream of images .
What is behind this ever renewing language of forms ?
Knowledge strangles , Dutch designers design , leaving other things out .
Being illiterate , if anything else , you can always become a designer .
The sunny image we get from graphic design is merely a facade .
Considering the real developments , graphic design is not doing well at all .
Changes are required .
’5
So : Solid traditions and respect for graphic design ; open , progressive education , funding to begin a practice , and a broad range of clients with subsidised projects .
Ignore the first paragraph ; the easy life is not such an oversimplification .
Having studied , lived and worked in the Netherlands for the past few years , they are reasons why I work here too .
1 Term borrowed from Max Bruinsma ’s article Official Anarchy , published in The Low Countries , Arts and society in Flanders and The Netherlands , A Yearbook , 1997 – 1998
2 The series of banknotes designed by Ootje Oxenaar between 1977 – 1985 , has slowly been replaced by a new edition designed by Jaap Drupsteen , soon to be replaced by Euros .
3 The World must Change , Graphic design and Idealism , Leonie ten Duis , Annelies Haase , p.180 .
4 Robin Kinross , Modern Typography 1992 , pp. 139-140
5 Felix Janssens , Mark Schalken , the sense of design , manifesto of the Sober Thinking Society , 1993
First published in HD , New Dutch graphic design , ACTAR , Barcelona , 2001
•••
To be continued .
Video by James D. Schwartz / The Urban Country – Music by danosongs.com
Yesterday I ventured out to the suburbs of Toronto to video record one of my favourite bike paths on Eglinton Ave West in suburban Etobicoke .
The 5 km + unobstructed bi-directional bike lanes is a rarity in a city where most unobstructed bike lanes are primarily for recreational use rather than for commuting .
Photo by James D. Schwartz / The Urban Country
The video shows the entire length of the bike path – from Martin Grove Rd. in the west to Jane St. in the east with playback at 8 x the actual speed .
You can see in the map below how the bike path ends and there are no bike network connections ( ending point is marked by an orange square ) :
Toronto Cycling Map provided by City of Toronto
Although I ’m happy the city has been investing in bike infrastructure in the ‘ burbs , it ’s unfortunate that this path does n’t connect to a network of on - road bike lanes or bicycle routes .
It basically ends at a major intersection with many cars traveling at 80 km / h or sometimes higher ( it ’s a 60 k mh zone , but many cars travel much faster than 60 k mh ) .
On a positive note , the Eglinton bike path separates pedestrians from cyclists – another rarity in this city .
Photo by James D. Schwartz / The Urban Country
I ca n’t comment on the volume of cyclists actually using this path because I recorded this on a Saturday morning .
But given the fact that I only saw one other cyclist in the 60 minutes it took me to record the video clips , I would guess the path is most likely underutilized during rush hour .
We still have a car culture here in Canada , and people still are n’t willing to give up their cars for several reasons .
By building bicycle infrastructure such as this , we are at least removing one of the barriers to getting people on their bikes .
Stay tuned for an upcoming article in the next few days where we will interview a Florida cycling instructor and explore some of the reasons why such few people use their bicycles for transport in North America – even after the infrastructure is put into place .
James D. Schwartz is the editor of The Urban Country .
You can contact James at james.schwartz@theurbancountry.com .
Related Articles :
Fujitsu has launched the " wallet sized " Fujitsu Lifebook UH900 netbook to the Australian market announcing that is available now from distribution partners .
Available in three glossy finishes and a 5.6 - inch WXGA display , Fujitsu has claimed the unit is less than 2.5 cm in thickness , " mimicking " the size of a long wallet .
The unit ships with Windows 7 compatibility and supports all Windows - based pages including flash animation and form - filling .
It includes a 62 GB solid - state drive ( SSD )
Furthermore , Fujitsu has claimed the unit weighs less than 500g , includes 3.5G wireless capabilities and is powered by the Intel Atom Z530 processor .
" The UH900 raises the bar in addressing the demanding needs of being constantly on the move , " said Ivan Chan , country director , Fujitsu PC Australia .
The UH900 comes in mocha black , fiery red and vintage gold in a glossy finish and is available now from Bluechip Infotech and Multimedia Technology .
It retails for $ 2,099 .
Christmas or Christmas Day is an annual holiday that commemorates the birth of Jesus of Nazareth .
In the Western world , the birthday of Jesus Christ has been celebrated on December 25th since AD 354 , replacing an earlier date of January 6th .
Many of our Christmas traditions were celebrated centuries before the Christ child had been born .
Over 4000 years ago , the Mesopotamians celebrated each New Year with a 12 - day festival , called Zagmuth .
The Mesopotamians , who believed in many gods , held this festival in support of their chief god , Marduk , because they believed that he battled the monsters of chaos at the beginning of each winter .
The ancient Romans held a celebration each year in honor of their god Saturn .
The festival , which they called Saturnalia , began in the middle of December and lasted until the first of January .
New Christmas customs appeared in the Middle Ages .
The most prominent contribution was the carol , which by the 14th century had become associated with the religious observance of the birth of Christ .
The word carol or carole is a medieval word of French and Anglo - Norman origin , believed to mean a dance song or a circle dance accompanied by singing .
Today carols are regularly sung at Christian religious services .
Some compositions have words which are clearly not of a religious theme , but are often still referred to as “ carols ” .
The tradition of having an evergreen tree become a symbol of Christmas goes back past recorded written history .
The Druids in ancient England and the Romans in Europe both used evergreen branches to decorate their homes and public buildings to celebrate the Winter Solstice .
In 16th century German`s fir trees were decorated with apples , roses , gilded candies and colored paper .
Over the years , these traditions were adopted by Christians , who incorporated them as part of their Christmas holiday celebration .
“ Never worry about the size of your Christmas tree .
In the eyes of children , they are all 30 feet tall ” – Larry Wilde
Father Christmas ( known as Santa Claus in North America , Australia and Ireland ) is the name used in many English speaking countries for a symbolic figure associated with Christmas .
A similar figure with the same name ( in other languages ) exists in several other countries , including France ( Père Noël ) Spain ( Papá Noel ) , Portugal ( Pai Natal ) , Italy ( Babbo Natale ) , Romania ( Moş Crăciun ) , Russia ( Ded Moroz ) .
The American version of the Santa Claus figure received its inspiration and its name from the Dutch legend of Sinter Klaas , brought by settlers to New York in the 17th century .
The most influential figure in the shaping of today ’s generous as loving Santa Claus was a real man St. Nicholas of Myra ( now Turkey ) , a fourth century bishop .
He was rich and very kind man and had a reputation for helping the poor and giving secret gifts to people who needed it .
In one of the most well - known legends , Saint Nicholas is said to have thrown three bags of gold coins down the chimney of a poor man who could n’t afford the dowry for his three daughters .
Without the dowry , they would remain unmarried and unemployed , and would probably be forced into a life of prostitution .
In another version of the story , the bags of coins fell into stockings the girls had placed by the fire to dry .
This is the basis for the modern tradition of hanging stockings by the fireplace , and also the tradition of leaving oranges in the toe of Christmas stockings .
The custom of sending Christmas cards started in the U.K. in 1843 by Sir Henry Cole .
He was a civil servant ( Government worker ) who was very interested in the new ‘ Public Post Office ’ and wondered how it could be used more by ordinary people .
Sir Henry had the idea of Christmas Cards and with his friend John Horsley , who was an artist , they designed the first card and sold them for 1 shilling each .
Nowadays , cards have all sorts of pictures on them : jokes , winter pictures , Father Christmas , or romantic scenes of life in past times .
The practice of giving gifts at the beginning of winter traces back to ancient Rome during the feast of Kalends .
High ranking officials were expected to give gifts to the Emperor since the Winter Solstice celebrated the birth of the Sun God , to whom the emperor was directly related .
Originally , these gifts had taken the form of branches of evergreen taken from the grove of the goddess Strenia ; but Caligula was not very keen on olive branches .
So , the Roman dignitaries began to give gifts of honey and cakes as symbols of their wish that the New Year might be full of sweetness , and gold that it might bring prosperity .
Tere !
Mul on hea meel teatada , et poelettidele on jõudnud minu uus linnu- ja loomapiltidega autorikalender .
Kalender on spiraalköites , avatunaja trükitud tugevale , läikivale paberile .
Kalender on hea hinnaga : krooni .
Lähemalt uuri --> siit Idee : kuna kalender on standardmõõdus , siis saab mõnelt vanalt kalendriltsellele ka kuupäeva akna juurde panna .
See teeb kalendri eriti mõnusaks :)
Damaged buildings are being demolished in Port-au - Prince
Haiti's government says about 230,000 people died in last month 's earthquake , 18,000 more than its previous estimate .
The toll from the 12 January quake is approaching that of the 2004 Asian tsunami , which killed 250,000 people .
Communications Minister Marie - Laurence Jocelyn Lassegue said the toll was not definitive .
About 300,000 were injured .
But later , Interior Minister Paul Bien - Aime issued a slightly different total , saying the " verified " death toll was " more than 217,000 " .
He said : " There are people who put forth the figure of 230,000 , but we have counted a bit more than 217,000 .
These are verified figures . "
The latest figure does not include bodies buried by private funeral homes in private cemeteries , or the dead buried by their own families .
The one - month anniversary of the catastrophic quake is to be marked with prayer vigils and fasting .
A BBC correspondent in the capital Port - au - Prince says there is increasing concern that with the rainy season approaching , the lack of tents and temporary shelter could lead to the outbreak of disease .
Supermarket collapse
In the biggest of the camps that sprang up in the city after the earthquake , people are still living under sheeting strung across wooden poles .
Aid agency officials said there was a plan to get thousands of the most vulnerable homeless people into tents ahead of the rains .
But the challenges of putting large numbers of tents in the crowded camps are considerable .
There were reports on Tuesday that a damaged supermarket had collapsed while people were inside .
Rescue teams , which had been retrieving bodies of quake victims from the site , tried to remove the debris to reach an estimated five to eight people trapped underneath - said to have been looters - but eventually gave up the search , AFP news agency reported .
The 2010 Winter Olympic Games kicked off this weekend !
This year the games are hosted in our home country of Canada , and we ’re pretty hyped about it .
Each Olympic games has a massive ad campaign leading up to the games , which always features the logo that has been designed for that specific games .
The Olympic rings have been around for decades , and it is unlikely that they will be going anywhere sometime soon .
Each Olympic
Games has it ’s own logo and brand , yet it always includes the 5 Olympic rings .
The Olympic brand is seen around the world , through every media stream , everywhere we look for the few weeks the games are on , so the logo is very important to the brand of the specific games .
Check out how the logos have progressed throughout the years , crossing cultural boarders and design styles .
You Tube
Saturday , February 20 , 2010
Mark Dice begins his campaign to send Glenn Beck his garbage .
Why is Glenn Beck garbage ?
Watch these videos :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hf33g9…
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgRfgi…
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFGr-S…
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9FPc6…
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msug5l…
This article was posted : Saturday , February 20 , 2010 at 3:19 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Castle of Elite
Genre : Puzzle / Action
Content : Suitable for all ages
Original release : 2005
Download Version 7 ( 19 May 2009 )
This puzzle game is controlled with the keyboard and mouse - the keyboard moves the character , while the mouse is used to place and destroy bricks .
The first set of levels are built as tutorials , to ease you into the game one step at a time , and the help file tells you everything that the tutorials do n't .
The game has over 50 levels of increasing difficulty , and there is also a user - friendly level editor where you can create , edit and play your own levels .
Thanks to Pug Fugly for the wonderful music used in the game !
The game creates a file called castlesave.sav in the same directory as the game .
A special file is also created for every custom level you build .
Back to the games menu
The greatest period in American hockey is over .
Stars of the 80s and 90s like Brian Leetch , Pat LaFontaine , Tony Amonte , John LeClair , Jeremy Roenick , Darien Hatcher , and Mike Richter have all retired .
Players like Keith Tkachuk , Mike Modano , and ( amazingly ) Chris Chelios are all close to the end of their careers .
These are the players that led the USA to its most successful era ever , which included a win at the World Cup in 1996 and an Olympic Silver medal at the 2002 Salt Lake Games .
The Silver medal team was a group largely composed of older American players listed above and it briefly looked like there would be a void of American talent upon their retirement .
The younger American players at the time , such as Chris Drury and Adam Deadmarsh , failed to develop into stars , which made the departure of long - time American stalwarts even worse .
There is now a young contingent of American players that are poised to once again bring the United States to the upper-echelon in international hockey .
This year 's Olympic squad proves that .
The team is sacrificing experienced players like Mike Modano and Scott Gomez for many players who are n't even 25 .
There is an American renaissance upon us .
This year ’s Olympic squad may be very young , but they are very talented .
The majority of the offensive load will fall on Patrick Kane , Zach Parise , and Phil Kessel , while players like Bobby Ryan , Paul Stasny , and Ryan Malone will make up the secondary scoring .
This is a group that has a lot of speed , but very little size .
This would n’t be as big an issue on international ice , but since the tournament is in Canada they might be in tough against bigger and stronger players .
The forward group also consists of some great two - way players , including Dustin Brown , Jamie Langenbrunner , and Ryan Kesler .
These are physical players who will likely be called upon to defend against the opposition ’s best players .
The rest of the forwards are solid players like David Backes , Joe Pavelski , and Ryan Callahan .
Chris Drury made the team , ostensibly for leadership , although , I ’m not sure how worthy a selection he was over someone like Tim Connolly who is currently top - 30 in points scored .
This is a very young group of players who will benefit immensely from the opportunity to play against the world ’s best .
At this point only Zach Parise and Patrick Kane are premier players in the league , while Kessel , Ryan , and Stasny have another level or two to achieve before joining them .
The forwards may lack the offensive firepower of both Canada and Russia , but they are equally as talented as any of the other squads in the tournament .
Because of their speed , this could be a very entertaining team to watch against the tournament ’s second tier teams .
The major strength of the US lies between the pipes .
Ryan Miller will start the majority of the games and has posted gaudy numbers this year .
He is currently tied for the league lead in save percentage with an astounding .930 % and his goals against is a paltry 2.19 , which is good enough for third in the league behind Tuukka Rask and Antti Niemi ( two goalies who have played fewer games than Miller combined ) .
Although , the intense workload may be wearing Miller down as he is 0 - 3 - 2 in his last five games with a GAA of 3.56 and a .890 % and his team is faltering .
Miller has played in 51 games , which ties him for eight most , but he is also only 170 pounds , while standing at 6 ’ 2 .
By comparison , Martin Brodeur is 6 ’ 2 and weighs 215 pounds .
Maybe this means Miller is less capable of performing at an extremely high level while handling a strenuous workload .
He played 76 games in 2007 - 2008 , but his numbers were n't as impressive ( 2.64 GAA and .906 % ) .
Or maybe his recent slump is just that – a slump .
The team ’s major weakness is on defence , which makes their goaltending even more integral to their success .
The defence is largely composed of players capable of being quality top - 4 defenceman on their respective teams , but they lack true number one defencemen .
The defence is composed of Jack and Erik Johnson , Ryan Suter , Ryan Whitney , Brian Rafalski , Brooks Orpik , and Tim Gleason .
None of these names jump out at you , but they are all capable players .
Although , I ’m uncertain they will remain capable when forced to face a line like Ovechkin - Malkin - Kovalchuk or Iginla - Crosby - Nash .
I think in an international tournament against the game ’s best forwards these players will be out of their league .
I do n’t believe we will see a second coming of the Miracle on Ice team , but this U.S. squad is certainly capable of shocking some teams and winning a medal .
It would be truly shocking if they upset either Canada or Russia , but in a short tournament like the Olympics it is n’t always who has the best players that wins .
It ’s more likely that the players able to come together as a team the quickest will gain a considerable advantage over their opponents , regardless of star power .
aforementioned teams on their world ranking .
This ranking is based on the last four World Championships and the Torino Olympics .
Iceland ranks 37th ( behind Israel ! ) since the fictional world championships in D2 does n’t count .
Plus , the U.S. team enters the tournament without any pressure .
Russia and Canada are clearly the favourites , while the Swedes are the defending Olympic champions and the Fins won Silver in Torino .
The IIHF ranks the American ’s tied for fifth with the Czech Republic behind theteams on their world ranking .
This ranking is based on the last four World Championships and the Torino Olympics .
Iceland ranks 37th ( behind Israel ! ) since the fictional world championships indoes n’t count .
This wo n’t be the second coming of the Soviet conquerors of 1980 , but a bronze medal is well within the reach of this young team .
The Conservatives have pledged to start cutting public spending almost immediately after this year 's election , but their promise was weakened earlier this week by an International Monetary Fund report warning that it may still be too early to begin this process .
Mr Soros also came out in favour of Barack Obama 's plan to split up large US banks , but said that proposals to tax the banking system could also endanger the recovery .
that 's gay
Reply
Thread
Link
If by " gay " you mean the old English definition of fun , enjoyable , and carefree . . . then , yes , it is extremely gay .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
well are n't you clever
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
You must have a PhD in BSing .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
well if it is n't mr. bullshit and dr. i'm full of shit .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I 'm gonna run a train on those chicken fingers , I 'm gonna be like " num num num num num "
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Ca n't lie I lol'd .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
ia
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
perfect first comment
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Due to the high costs and the politics of CBS may affect the entire population , and was rejected .
wait , what
Reply
Thread
Link
Actually , apply that ' wait , what ' to that entire paragraph
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I just clicked on the original source and apparently this was translated into English .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Ahhh okay .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lol I just got it from the source , I think it was translated !
Sorry
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i do n't even understand what they were trying to convey here .
there are words , and they are arranged into what resembles a sentence , but nothing about this " sentence " makes any sense .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
So CBS hates blacks and the gays
Reply
Thread
Link
Wait , when did they start hating black people ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
when did they stop ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Have you EVER seen a black person on CBS ?
Edited at 2010 -02-02 03:59 am ( UTC )
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
lmao your icon
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
and women
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
fuck cbs
fuck james dobson
fuck hilary
Reply
Thread
Link
this surprises me for some reason , even though it should n't .
regardless it makes me disgusted , upset , pissed off etc
Reply
Thread
Link
That 's TWO gay - themed commercials they 've denied ... network homophobia ?!
No ?!
Say it ai n't so !
Reply
Thread
Link
what was the first ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
the advert for a canada - based gay dating site mancrunch.com
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
lol this girl on my flist went on a big huuge rant about why you should n't say GAY and suggested that you instead use dumb or lame
and then i was like " well you know some ppl think lame is offensive too ... "
and then she went off the deep end and blocked / deleted me on every internet platform known 2 man
cool story bro
Reply
Thread
Link
Dumb and lame are , themselves , offensive because lame insults people with physical disabilities and dumb used to describe someone who was mute .
Therefore , that girl is retarded .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
i think i may have called her a lame gay retard i can't remember
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
but now I can't think of any PC insults !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
lol
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
oicwydt
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
yeah well you deserved it kate
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Lol I did the same with a girl I know who was using gay and tranny as insults .
She 's bi herself so I 've got no idea why she 'd use words that are offensive to others in the lgbt community .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
soooo gay omg
Reply
Thread
Link
lol CBS .
I do n't watch anything on the main cbs channel .
Reply
Thread
Link
lol who wrote this ?
And CBS 's hypocrisy should n't surprise anyone at this point .
Reply
Thread
Link
Well , I wrote that first tiny 2 sentence paragraph but the actual news paragraph is translated , that 's why it 's weird
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
considering most of the football fans i know it does n't surprise me tbh
Reply
Thread
Link
I mean , I 'm a football fan and I 'm straight but I do n't think it 's right either !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
http://www.cbs.com/info/user_services/fb_global_form.php
Tell CBS how you feel about their selective practices :
Reply
Thread
Link
Can you write it for me and I 'll just copy and paste my name ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Writing something right now !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i'm genuinely considering just sending them the link to this post , lol
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
This is totally network homophobia .
But both commercials they banned were dumb as HELL .
Then again , there are some dumb as hell heterosexual commercials I 'm forced to see everyday .
Reply
Thread
Link
I agree , the first one was ridiculous , even though it was funny .
However , this one is a PSA , apparently just like the one with Tim Tebow .
There should be nothing overtly wrong with it .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
that was one big run on sentence
Reply
Thread
Link
The Eurozone debt crisis : Facts and myths
Charles Wyplosz
The latest turn in the global financial crisis has ensnared the debt of some European nations .
The fact that these nations are members of a monetary union has generated much confused comment .
Here one the world ’s leading experts on Eurozone monetary and financial matters sets the record straight , debunking 10 myths and setting forth 10 frequently overlooked facts .
Like any crisis , the new one generates myriads of misguided comments and reactions by journalists , financiers and policymakers .
Ten myths that are frequently heard clash with ten facts that are frequently overlooked .
Myth 1 : Greece is bankrupt .
Countries cannot be bankrupt ; their governments can only default on their debts .
In the absence of internationally recognised resolution mechanisms , government defaults open up a messy situation as governments negotiate with their creditors .
Fact 1 : There is no reason for the Greek government to default .
It is not in its interest and it can service its debt , whose size is half that of the Japanese government and the same order of magnitude as that of many other governments , including soon the UK and the US ( OECD 2010 ) .
Yet , markets can force the government to default if they refuse to refinance the parts of the debt that reach maturity .
This is a pure case of self - fulfilling crisis .
Fact 2 : This crisis started as a panic reaction to fears of default but , as usual , some market players now also bet on a default .
The market reaction is both defensive and offensive .
Myth 2 : Greece is being singled out because it cheated repeatedly .
Reports of Greek data manipulation have occurred long before this crisis .
The latest report was issued by the government elected in October 2009 while the risk premia have been large since October 2008 .
Myth 3 : The Greek government is particularly vulnerable because its debt is widely held internationally , in contrast with the Japanese debt .
Crisis after crisis , post - mortem examinations reveal that residents act exactly like non-residents .
They panic and speculate like all financiers do , independently of where they live and work .
Fact 3 : The monetary union is an agreement to take monetary policy out of national sovereignty .
Very explicitly the Treaties leave budgetary matters in national hands .
There is no sense in which the current crisis is a “ proof ” that Europe has failed .
The Greek ( and Portugese , and Spanish … ) debt situation is a Greek ( and Portugese and Spanish … ) problem .
Myth 4 : This is a euro crisis , which could result in a breakup of the monetary union .
There is no mechanism for transforming the debt crisis into a Eurozone breakup .
No country can be forced out and it is in no country ’s interest to leave ( Eichengreen 2007 ) .
Had Greece not been part of the eurozone , it would have long undergone a major currency depreciation , like in Hungary in November 2008 .
The euro protects Greece .
Fact 4 : A debt default by the Greek government , on its own , would be a non-event .
Greece is a relatively small country ( with 11 million people , its GDP amounts to less than 3 % of Eurozone ’s GDP ) .
Contagion to Portugal , which is even smaller , would also be a non-event .
Moving on to Spain and Italy is another matter .
Myth 5 : Contagion , already under way , would be destructive .
This statement is too vague .
It can not destroy the monetary union , as argued above .
But contagion can bring the value of the euro down – but this would be mostly good news for the Eurozone as it is suffering from an overvalued exchange rate at a time of anaemic domestic demand .
Fact 5 : The real worry is the banking system .
Some European banks hold part of the Greek debt and , if still saddled with unrecognised losses from the subprime crisis , some might become bankrupt .
Many governments have simply not pushed their banks to straighten up their accounts , and they are now discovering some of the unforeseen consequences of supervisory forbearance .
Myth 6 : Other Eurozone governments should support the Greek government to avoid destructive contagion .
I argued that contagion need not be destructive if banks can bear it , so the need for a collective bailout is not established .
There is a huge moral hazard cost , on the other hand .
Fact 6 : The Treaty strictly prohibits bailouts .
Art. 100 ( 2 ) states : “ Where a Member State is in difficulties or is seriously threatened with severe difficulties caused by exceptional occurrences beyond its control , the Council may , acting unanimously on a proposal from the Commission , grant , under certain conditions , Community financial assistance to the Member State concerned .
Where the severe difficulties are caused by natural disasters , the Council shall act by qualified majority . ”
This article has been written precisely to ban bailouts .
Interpreting continuing fiscal indiscipline as “ exceptional occurrences beyond its control ” runs against the spirit of the Treaty .
Violating the Treaty to rescue countries whose successive governments have made no effort to achieve fiscal discipline over the last decade ( or longer ) is indefensible .
Fact 7 : If Greece , and other countries , needs support to refinance their public debts , they can and should call the IMF .
In contrast to EU countries that have no instrument to impose debt discipline ( the Stability Pact has failed over and again and is completely discredited by now ) , the IMF operates an effective conditionality machinery .
Myth 7 : The IMF cannot intervene in this case because the euro is a shared currency ; an IMF intervention would reduce the sovereignty of all Eurozone countries .
This is a serious misunderstanding of what IMF routinely does .
It deals with any financing problem , independently of currency difficulties .
The IMF would impose conditions on fiscal policy , not on monetary policy .
Besides , the Eurozone is not a member of IMF – it only has observer status – but individual countries are .
Fact 8 : Greece , along with Spain , Portugal and Ireland suffer from a loss of competitiveness due to continuing higher inflation .
This partly explains their widening current account deficits until the crisis .
Yet , the budget deficits are unrelated to this evolution .
Myth 8 : The loss of competitiveness is a threat to the monetary union that warrants collective support .
It is true that the competitiveness situation represents a huge policy challenge but a bailout will not help and could well make matters worse if it means that unwarranted wage and price increases are supported by the rest of the Eurozone .
Myth 9 : This crisis is a proof that the Eurozone is incomplete ; it should have been accompanied by a “ Government of Europe ” that would at the minimum coordinate fiscal policies and , possible , involved a federal government that can intervene in such a situation .
It is true that a federal arrangement would nicely complement the common currency but it is politically impossible .
The Maastricht Treaty called for a sovereignty transfer in the area of monetary policy .
A sovereignty transfer in the area of fiscal policy would not have been accepted by a large majority of citizens .
Fact 9 : The solution to that “ missing element ” is the Stability Pact , which was intended to impose fiscal discipline on Eurozone members .
The Pact has failed whenever a recession has hit Europe and it has failed to prevent the current situation because in each case it was perceived as a threat to sovereignty .
Myth 10 : The lesson from the current crisis is that the Stability Pact should be strengthened .
This would require binding commitments that would bypass the undivided role of Parliaments in voting budgets .
Parliament ’s ultimate authority in budgetary matters has been at the roots of our democracies and no challenge will be accepted by voters .
The only solution would be to transfer some sovereignty from national Parliaments to the European Parliament , which would require a new Treaty .
Fact 10 : Contagious debt defaults , along with bank failures , could lead to a double - dip recession in Europe , possibly affecting the US as well .
If that were to happen , with the interest rate at the zero lower bound and fiscal policy not available any more , we could face a terribly bad situation .
This is the most generous interpretation of why Eurozone governments will bail out Greece .
References
Eichengreen , Barry ( 2007 ) .
“ Eurozone breakup would trigger the mother of all financial crises , ” VoxEU.org , 19 November .
OECD ( 2010 ) .
“ OECD StatExtracts ” .
Get ready for Coco — live !
Conan O’Brien is about to finalize a plan to hit the road in the next few months , performing a live show in several cities across the country , a person familiar with the plans told TheWrap .
His representatives at William Morris Endeavor , which has a unit devoted to live apperances , have been working to secure dates for several days now .
The idea has been in the works for almost two weeks now , but nobody has wanted to talk about it because mounting such an event wo n’t be easy .
While nothing ’s official yet , if the tour goes forward — and all signs are that it will — it would be a clever work - around to the clause in O’Brien ’s exit settlement from NBC that prohibits him from appearing on TV until September .
It would also be a brilliant way to capitalize on the Team Coco mania that ’s hit the Internet in the wake of his public battle with the Peacock .
Shows such as " Family Guy " and " It ’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia " have proven there ’s a market in live events tied to TV series .
Expect the road tour to be tied in to a new Intenet presence for O’Brien , allowing Team Coco members to interact via an official hub for the once - and - possibly - future late - night host .
As for when and where O’Brien will land next on TV , all signs continue to point to Fox as the first candidate for a new home — assuming all sides can figure out a way to make things work financially .
While neither O’Brien ’s camp nor Fox is talking , even privately , late - night industry insiders say it would n’t be shocking if the two sides begin face - to - face meetings by next month .
O’Brien ’s PR rep was travelling Friday and could n’t immediately be reached for comment .
Leno to Conan : ‘ The Tonight Show ’ is Yours
The Vilification of Leno : Loud , Nasty and Fleeting
How You Can Help Kill a Chicago Glutton .
0
To the surprise of nearly everyone involved , ChicagoGluttons.com has been nominated for “ Best Indie Food Blog ” by Time Out Chicago .
Guys , we want this . . . we ’re not sure why . . . but we want it .
And now we need your help .
People died to give you the right to vote .
Do n’t disappoint them .
The Proposition :
If we win the Time Out award , we will eat one White Castle Slider for ever single vote cast our way .
. . on VIDEO .
That ’s right suckas , you can finally assist in the murder of a complete stranger with a simple click of your mouse .
This is not bullshit , and we wo n’t bitch out .
Bring the pain motherfuckers !
( And thank you for voting for Chicago Gluttons ! )
CLICK HERE to do the right thing for once and vote for Chicago Gluttons .
The Consequences :
You can help make this happen in real life !
Click here to vote now !
Some frequently asked questions :
Q : Jesus Christ , there are a lot of things to vote on . . . do I have to fill this whole thing out ?
A : You do n’t have to fill out that whole form , just the box for best indie food blog .
( unless you want to fill it out )
Q : Why should I vote for ChicagoGluttons.com anyway ?
A : Well if you had a food blog , we ’d all vote for you .
It ’s just common courtesy .
Q : What do I get if I do vote for ChicagoGluttons.com ?
A : You not only get to add one burger to our trough , you also get the satisfaction of knowing that you ’ve helped shorten the lifespan of some really good people .
CLICK HERE TO VOTE FOR CHICAGO GLUTTONS !
Step 3 ( optional ) :
At this point your new analog pressure sensor is all ready to use .
However , I like to put a nice covering on it to protect it from wear and tear and a little electrical insulation might be needed depending on what you are going to use this for .
My preferred method of covering the sensor is to use Plasti Dip or equivalent liquid plastic coating .
If using Plasti Dip , dip once slowly and hang the sensor to dry .
Wait 20 minutes and do this again .
That should give a nice thick coat on the sensor .
The Plasti Dip will stiffen the sensor quite a bit , so do n't put too much on if you want it to stay extra squishy .
In this case , one coat is probably enough .
Play with it to get it to your liking for your particular usage .
Alternatively , you can just wrap it in electrical tape or equivalent , but I ’ve found that tends to not hold up well over the long haul .
It also carries the potential bad side effect of the adhesive on the tape causing the foam to not be able to re-expand over time and thus ruin the pressure sensor .
Plasti Dip does n’t seem to have this problem in the sensors I ’ve made .
I 've also tried using a little bit of visqueen cut and wrapped over the pressure sensor and sealed around it .
This worked pretty well .
And of course , you could just not put any covering on it at all if you are n't worried about electric shock in the usage you are using these for .
Share Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
With piracy rife in the Wii , Xbox 360 , DS and PSP markets , the PS3 has to date proved the only current - gen machine to successfully fend off the hackers – but it seems that things could be about to change .
According to reports on Maxconsole , a lengthy and convoluted workaround has been discovered that allows users to play pirated copies of Killzone 2 , PES 2008 and Burnout Paradise .
Users are also required to have an older PS3 ( i.e. not a ‘ Slim ’ machine ) onto which third party OS software can be installed as well as copies of Windows XP , the original MotorStorm and a host of piracy - related DVD software .
The exploit , however , has been met with widespread scepticism amongst many in the hacker community , not least because of the extreme cost and effort needed to implement it .
Even if the hack is real , any detrimental effects are likely to be minimal for now .
The fear , however , is that this method could be the start of full - fledged hacking of Sony ’s console .
Phil Harris , captain of one of the crab - fishing vessels featured on the Discovery Channel series " Deadliest Catch " has been hospitalized after suffering a stroke .
Harris suffered a stroke while in port offloading his vessel , the 128 - foot Cornelia Marie , according to the Discovery Channel website .
Harris was transported to a local medical facility , where he was resting comfortably .
Harris has captained the Cornelia Marie for 18 years and has two sons , Josh and Jake , who work as deckhands on the boat .
The popular television series " Deadliest Catch " follows the adventures of seven crabbing vessels and their crews during the Alaskan king crab season in the Bering Sea .
A sixth season has been announced for broadcast this year .
The Aleutian Islands port of Dutch Harbor , Alaska , is the base of operations for the fishing fleet .
-- Kelly Burgess
Photo : Capt . Phil Harris of the Cornelia Marie .
Credit : Discovery Channel
To follow this blog on Twitter please visit @latimesoutposts .
This article is from the January / February 2010 issue of Dollars & Sense : Real World Economics , available at http://www.dollarsandsense.org
This article is from the January / February 2010 issue of Dollars & Sense magazine .
Dear Dr. Dollar :
In his book Colossus ( 2004 ) , Niall Ferguson argues that a major problem with Social Security and Medicare is their underfunded liabilities — to the tune of $ 45 trillion .
Ferguson uses a 2003 report by Jagadeesh Gokhale and Kent Smetters to substantiate the seriousness of the issue .
Can you comment on the report and Ferguson ’s claim ?
— Charles M. LeCrone , Shelbyville , IL
In Colossus , Niall Ferguson , perhaps the most prolific apologist for the global military adventures of the U.S. government , worries that the United States may not be able to continue to play its role of maintaining order in the world .
“ Order , ” he maintains , “ is the necessary precondition for liberty . ”
( One wonders about the liberty of those peoples whose societies are rent asunder by U.S. occupying forces , to say nothing of those who have died in the process .
But leave that aside . )
Ferguson ’s argument is a variation of the idea of “ imperial overreach , ” by which imperial nations have tried to extend their power too far , placed too great a burden on their ability to finance the operations , thus weakened the economic basis of their power , and gone into decline .
But for Ferguson , it is not the cost of foreign operations that “ threatens the American with overreach .
It is expenditure that is much closer to home . ”
Here he turns to the Gokhale - Smetters report , “ Fiscal and Generational Imbalances ” ( 2003 ) , which , he tells us , shows that it is Social Security and Medicare expenditures that threaten the foundation of U.S. global operations .
The report purports to show that , given current levels of taxation and obligations , the present value of the future Social Security and Medicare expenditures will exceed revenues by $ 44.2 trillion dollars ( not Ferguson ’s $ 45 trillion , but let ’s not quibble over $ 800 billion ) .
Ferguson claims that this “ unfunded liability ” will have to be covered by increased taxes or reduced benefits , and he presents it as a very large amount of money .
It is , he notes , four times the value of the country ’s 2003 annual output .
( Present value is the value now of future income or expenditures , discounted to reflect the fact that something in the future is worth less than something now .
For example , with a discount rate of 5 % , the present value of $ 1.05 next year is $ 1.00 . )
As with so much of the misleading arguments about Social Security and Medicare , the Center for Economic and Policy Research has responded effectively to the Gokhale - Smetters report .
In a paper titled “ The Forty - Four Trillion Dollar Deficit Scare , ” Dean Baker and David Rosnick point out that instead of comparing the present value of the future accumulated liability with current output , we should compare it with the present value of future accumulated output , which Gokhale and Smetters estimate at $ 682 trillion .
So the future “ unfunded liability ” is equal to 6.5 % of future output — not trivial but not nearly as scary as “ four times the value of the country ’s annual output . ”
The gap could therefore be covered were taxes to increase by 6.5 % of national output .
Ferguson tells us that at present “ Americans are scarcely undertaxed . ”
So it is “ fanciful , ” he claims , to expect tax increases of sufficient magnitude to handle the problem .
Yet , most other high - income countries have much higher overall tax rates than does the United States , without apparent damage to their economic growth and prosperity .
While a tax increase this large would certainly be politically problematic , there is no reason to dismiss it as economically outlandish .
In any case , with his dismissal of tax increases , Ferguson leads his readers to the only possible solution : cut the benefits .
As Baker and Rosnick demonstrate , however , the problem does not lie with the programs but with the excessively high and absurdly increasing cost of medical services .
It turns out that $ 36.6 trillion of Gokhale and Smitters ’ $ 44.2 trillion comes form rising Medicare costs , which are driven by the rising cost of medical services .
So the problem is the nature of our health care system — can you say “ private insurance companies ” ? — not “ excessive ” entitlement programs .
If the United States established a reasonable health care system , there would be no need for a large tax increase or a Social Security or Medicare cut .
Finally , whether or not any category of government spending is “ excessive ” depends on one ’s judgment of the worth of the object of that spending .
For Ferguson , apparently , social services for the elderly are not worth the money , but there is no limit to the value of the “ order ” imposed by the U.S. empire .
Arthur MacEwan is professor emeritus of economics at the University of Massachusetts at Boston and a Dollars & Sense Associate .
Did you find this article useful ?
Please consider supporting our work by donating or subscribing .
« Back to Ask Dr. Dollar
The surf break off the Central California coast known as Maverick 's produces one of the sport 's most infamous waves .
Part of what makes it so tricky lies in its powerful currents and frigid temperatures .
On a typical winter day the water can average 48 degrees , while air temps can drop into the mid 40s .
This fact alone separates Maverick 's from other marquee big - wave spots in Mexico and Hawaii .
The machinations below the surface of the Maverick 's Surf Contest these days have a lot of the same unsettling qualities .
How those machinations might impact the 24 contestants willing to launch themselves onto Mav 's unpredictable 20 - foot - plus walls of ocean will be discovered this winter -- whether the event is held or not .
A dispute between the contest 's principle organizers that has swirled for several years finally took under Jeff Clark , the man synonymous with the big - wave break .
Clark , who founded the contest 10 years ago after surfing it alone for a stretch of 15 years , was unceremoniously dropped as contest director and stripped of any authority in Mavericks Surf Ventures , the company Clark formed to run the contest .
If you webcast it , will they come ?
Quirarte
Neither Clark nor Keir Beadling , the MSV CEO who announced Clark was " stepping down " only to have Clark quickly respond that he had been " ousted , " will cite the reasons for Clark 's departure .
Both claim potential legal ramifications for their silence .
Sources say that Clark was booted back in June by Beadling and MSV's other board member , Mark Dwight , for everything from attempting to start a rival contest to insisting on mega - size waves to call the contest to refusing to cede the use of his name and likeness wholly over to MSV .
Those same sources say Clark plans to file a suit against Beadling and MSV but has not done so yet .
" It 's a classic bait - and - switch , followed by a squeeze - out , but it 'll all come out in time , " says Clark , who still owns shares in MSV but resigned from the MSV three - man board shortly after being removed as contest director .
The contest , Beadling says , is the " crown jewel " of a much larger enterprise .
MSV has started both a clothing line and a concert tour based on the Maverick 's image .
That seems to be the essence of the conflict between Clark and Beadling .
Clark , is a local icon who schedules commitments around his surf sessions and tee times .
He sees the contest as the mainland 's version of the The Quiksilver In Memory of Eddie Aikau on Oahu , a 25 - year old contest revered in surfing circles for its insistence on rarely - seen conditions that have led to it running only eight times .
Beadling , a former lawyer and Duke grad who grew up in Syracuse , N.Y. , sees far greater potential , what with Mav 's being roughly a 40 - minute drive from both San Francisco and Silicon Valley .
He seems bent on tapping mainstream attention as quickly as possible .
Live telecasts in both New York 's Times Square and San Francisco 's AT&T Park , as well as the $ 150,000 contest purse are credited to him .
He also has created an award - winning website and puts out nearly a dozen daily messages on Twitter .
" We 're a rounding error for a company like Quiksilver , " he says , " but we do n't plan to be a rounding error for long . "
Jeff Clark , up a creek with a paddle , so to speak .
After introducing the world to Maverick 's , he now finds himself aced out of the contest he helped start .
Quirarte
The ambition to sell Mav's to a consumer base that does n't know surf wax from candle wax has appalled those who do .
Beadling was behind a series of viral videos that include a surfer fresh from Mav 's feigning to dig a massive shark tooth out of his thigh .
Another has a surfer witnessing a vicious wipeout and defecating in his wetsuit .
Those cartoonish images , along with hard - selling a clothing line that several industry insiders panned as " generic " and a contestant contract that would 've given MSV proprietary rights over everything and anything Mav 's - related they did , have only reinforced the image of Beadling as a marketing outsider .
Then again , the invitees still ultimately sided with Beadling and MSV , inviting Clark to be an honorary participant but deciding unilaterally to take part in the contest with or without him .
" Everybody 's bummed that Jeff is n't involved , " says Rusty Long , an invitee whose brother Greg won the last Mav 's contest held in 2008 .
" But it 's kind of boiled down to it has the biggest contest purse ever and everybody wants to compete . "
With Clark out , MSV handed the authority of when the contest is held and how it is run largely to the 24 invitees .
Anytime storm and weather patterns suggest a swell favorable for big waves -- as a deep - water break , Mav 's needs ample energy in the water to break at all -- a vote is taken by e-mail 48 hours in advance of the first set 's projected arrival .
Zach Wormhoudt grew up in Santa Cruz and makes the drive up to Maverick 's nearly every swell -- contest or no .
Quirarte
So far , three votes have been held , all resulting in a resounding majority of nays , which exposes the inherent problem in calling the contest by committee .
Long - time contestants Peter Mel and Grant Washburn say Clark always consulted with them and others when he felt a potential contest - day approaching , but that he ultimately used his vast internal understanding of how to read the buoys and anticipated swell and wind direction based on a lifetime of observation to choose the right combination .
While the contest window is from Nov. 1 to March 31 , Clark and others say contest - worthy days are extremely rare beyond December .
MSV , at the behest of local authorities , have blacked out weekends and holidays , concerned the crowds would be too large for the narrow and steep cliffs that provide the best view of the break .
That rule eliminated a pristine Thanksgiving Day swell .
The invitees then voted down what has been tagged a once - in - 20 - year swell that rolled through in early December because for many of them it would 've meant competing less than 48 hours after the Quiksilver In Memory of Eddie Aikau ran on Oahu .
With word of an El Nino season , opening ceremony at this year 's contest was met with considerable zeal .
Quirarte
Several other swells that had many of the contestants surfing Mav's in recent weeks did n't elicit a vote because the indicators predicted smaller waves than actually materialized .
" We 'd rather see it be bigger and gnarlier than run it just to run it , " says Mel .
A swell capable of producing 30 - foot faces is forecast for this week but stiff south winds and the angle of the swell could make it unrideable .
Winds are supposed to die down on Thursday , but it takes a day or so for wind chop to dissipate and a warbly surface means a surfer can do everything right and still get pitched off his board by an unexpected lump in the wave .
A vote was held on Monday , and once again the nays were in the majority .
The question looming is whether the contest -- or , more specifically , MSV and its grandiose vision -- can survive without an event and a winner and all that comes with it a second straight year .
Or if the contest is called , will it produce the kind of death - defying spectacle that will thrust it far enough into the national consciousness to sell t- shirts and hoodies and concert tickets ?
" It 's like having a small needle and a big piece of thread , " says Washburn .
" But it 's not about all that for us who surf it .
It 's very personal , meditative .
Once you 're out there , you pretty much forget you have a contest shirt on . "
Update : Jan. 19 , 2010 -- Jeff Clark files suit against MSV , citing breach of fiduciary duties and fraud .
In November of 2007 , I heard that an alleged energy healer named Adam McLeod ( “ Adam Dreamhealer ” ) was scheduled to appear on a popular Canadian Broadcasting Corporation talk show , The Hour with George Stroumboulopoulos .
I was familiar with the Adam Dreamhealer case , and also uncomfortably aware that media outlets usually treat miracle healers as harmless , untestable human interest stories .
I was concerned about the ethical implications of promoting Adam ’s claims to a national television audience .
( Adam claims abilities for “ energetically diagnosing illnesses , ” and treating cancer “ from 3000 miles away . ”
According to his web site , Adam is “ uniquely able to influence the health and healing of large groups of individuals at his workshops by joining the auras of all in attendance . ” )
I wrote to the producers of the show in advance to offer my assistance , and to remind them , “ When The Hour interviews Adam , there will no doubt be thousands of viewers who are either suffering from cancer or watching a loved one suffer from cancer — all potential customers ” of Adam ’s lucrative books and healing workshops .
( According to ABC News , then - 19 year old Adam was already making over a million dollars a year in 2006 . )
This , I cautioned the producers , “ places a heavy due diligence responsibility on the CBC ” to cover these life - or - death medical claims “ with exquisitely careful critical scrutiny . ”
I never heard back from them .
However , I learned later that a more insistent skeptical activist took the matter as far as the CBC Ombudsman .
Upon review , the Ombudsman ’s decision was that the show ’s host bore a lower due diligence burden because
George Stroumboulopoulos is not a front - line , hard news interviewer ; he approaches sometimes difficult subjects in a less confrontational manner than investigative journalists might .
But his task is different on what is , at base , an entertainment program .
This “ entertainment ” argument often shields paranormal claimants from critical scrutiny in newspaper “ lifestyle ” sections and “ unsolved mystery ” TV segments , but let ’s set that aside for the moment .
Today I want to dig into a different , though related matter :
Entertainment or Education ?
The skeptical community has its factions and schisms .
Some of these reflect the growing pains of an academic project trying to come to terms with its new life as a popular movement ( what is sometimes called “ skepticism 2.0 ″ ) .
Other disputes amount to border clashes between skepticism and parallel rationalist movements ( humanism , atheism , Objectivism , and so on ) .
One of skepticism ’s earliest splits occurred right at the birth of the pioneering Skeptical Inquirer magazine , back before it was even called by that name .
The Zetetic , as it was then known , was a small journal whose first editor Marcello Truzzi left the magazine almost immediately .
At issue was a question that still preoccupies skeptics today :
Is the primary job of the skeptical literature to provide a forum for debate ?
Or , is skepticism supposed to educate the public about science , pseudoscience , and hoaxes ?
Now , this is something of a false dichotomy .
Nearly all skeptics agree that the answer is “ a little of both . ”
But skeptics do tend to split along these lines , leaning in one direction more than the other .
Some prefer debate and “ challenge everything ” novelty , which is undoubtedly the most entertaining .
Others emphasize a mandate for science literacy outreach and consumer awareness regarding fringe science claims .
I am firmly a member of this latter , more conservative group , as I laid out in the essay “ Where Do We Go From Here ? ” :
In particular , we should renew our focus on the investigation and criticism of paranormal claims .
Here ’s why : 1 . People get hurt .
2 . No one else does anything about it .
In my view , consumer protection is the most foundational function of the skeptics movement : we investigate , report on , and promote awareness about products which are generally ineffective , sometimes dangerous , and occasionally deadly — and which no other watchdog group bothers to research .
Due Diligence for Skeptics
The skeptical literature sometimes presents arguments of the form , “ Is consensus view X all it ’s cracked up to be ? ”
These heterodox articles ( sometimes written by unqualified outsiders ) offer novel food for thought , challenging widely held views on global warming , second - hand smoke , the validity of psychiatric diagnoses or animal testing , and other such material .
Long - time skeptics may enjoy a little frisson when encountering these arguments for the first time : “ Ooh , that ’s new !
I never thought to wonder about that before .
Would n’t it be interesting if X really were a load of hooey ? ”
This is fun stuff , but I suggest that the skeptical literature should try to avoid this temptation .
It ’s not impossible for contrarian articles to be correct , but it ’s all too easy for them to be wildly wrong ( or badly uninformed ) .
To the degree that contrarian arguments are out of step with the prevailing current of opinion among relevant domain experts , “ wrong ” is the way to bet .
In either event , such articles are typically misleading in that they give fringe positions undue weight — and lend them the credibility of the wider skeptical movement .
( Paired “ for and against ” pieces imply that both positions are equally plausible , which is rarely true ; but most contrarian articles are run without any immediate rebuttal . )
This can seriously mislead readers about the actual state of the science — an inversion of the stated goals of all skeptical organizations .
In my opinion , that violates a public trust I described recently in the Skeptical Inquirer :
At the core of the skeptical literature is a promise : “ If you read this , you will find out what ’s really true about weird claim X. ” Skeptical magazines can aspire to keep this promise , to accurately deliver the best available science and scholarship , only when they ’re able to identify mysteries , set experts to work solving them , and set other experts to work fact - checking the answers .
That is to say : skeptics bear a heavy due diligence burden .
The more we present skepticism as “ the scientific perspective , ” the heavier that burden becomes .
People turn to us for reliable information and science - based analysis .
That is exactly what they should get .
Nor is it only skeptical magazines who bear this burden .
All public skeptics — TV celebrities , podcasters , and bloggers included — have an unrelenting ethical responsibility to do their homework , stay close to their expertise , and get the facts right .
To deal with that burden , here ’s the simple rule I propose :
No skeptic should ever say anything that is n’t correct .
The Utility of a Preposterous Standard
Is this a reachable goal ?
No , of course it is n’t .
It ’s ridiculous .
Perfect objectivity and accuracy are forever as far away as the end of the rainbow .
But I would argue that there is value in the dogged , doomed pursuit of this aspiration .
After all , every step we take toward that goal is a step in the right direction .
What sorts of steps ?
I ’ll tackle that in a more substantial way in future posts , but I think we all know the general outline .
I try to consider questions like these :
Do I have the expertise to express an opinion about this ?
Have my facts been reviewed by anyone who knows what they ’re talking about ?
Would those I ’m critiquing agree that I ’ve described their position accurately ?
Have I given undue weight to fringe positions ?
Have I given enough weight to criticisms of my own position ?
Have I accurately described the uncertainties and assumptions of my position ?
Am I using arguments that science has already considered and debunked ?
Have I sought out the primary sources ?
Can I prove what I ’m saying ?
( Really ?
Am I sure ? )
… and so on .
Not exactly rocket science , so to speak , but exactly the sort of good practice that rocket scientists ( and all evidence - based researchers ) rely upon to advance knowledge .
Do I get things wrong in my own work ?
Bloody right I do , and it chews me up to know how easily that happens .
( I virtually guarantee that there are mistakes in this post , even if only typos .
Blogs are especially vulnerable to error : they are published almost as soon as they are written , and rarely vetted by proofers or editors . )
My own mistakes are why I recite that impossible rule to myself so often : “ Never say anything that is n’t correct . ”
It ’s a mental exercise ( think of the “ fear is the mind killer ” bit in Dune ) , a way to at least partially restrain my own temptation to reach beyond the evidence — or speak beyond my expertise .
And I fail , of course .
But how can we reach for anything less ?
Make no mistake : there is a human cost when skeptics get things wrong .
It does n’t matter if your soapbox is as large as CNN or as small as your Twitter feed : if anyone is listening to what you say , then you bear the burden of Spider - Man ’s Law : “ With great power comes great responsibility . ”
The papers today ask why 400,000 left the Uk last year to live and work somewhere else .
I would have thought the answer was obvious .
They ’ve had enough .
We live in a country where anyone who has gained some qualifications , who tries to pay their own way and to live a decent life feels targetted by this government .
We have our identity assaulted , our democratic views ignored , our pockets and purses rifled by the state , our opinions criticised or banned and the public services we do wish to use run incompetently or rationed for us .
We , the English , are told our country is the one part of the Union that cannot have devolved power .
Instead our country is to split into Euroregions , and we are to be told we must be loyal to the South - east , or go round telling people we are east Midlanders .
The North East told the government in a referendum they wanted nothing to do with regional government , so the government told them they would have more of it .
We are told we have to love the EU and accept its constitution , after the promised of a referendum in order to win a General election .
Many of us see the EU as a hostile bureaucracy , tying us up in ever more rules and regulations .
We are not xenophobes – most of us like our continent and appreciate its range of cultures , languages and cuisines .
We just do not want to be governed by a bunch of bureaucrats who think they have to regulate every aspect of our increasingly complex lives and who we can not sack via an election .
We are told by the governement that our lifestyles are wrong .
As the Health Service grapples with its inability to keep hospitals clean and infection free the government blames us for being ill in the first place .
People are told they are too fat , they eat the wrong foods , and they drink too much .
The government encourages a debate criticising " middle class " lifestyles .
Maybe it ’s a prelude to a crisps tax or a further increase in alcohol duty .
If we dare to drive our cars we are treated like criminals .
The government has put through so many new laws and rules that most drivers I see on the roads daily are breaking one or other law .
Motorists do not accept the government ’s demonisation of speed in all circumstances and want to see instead proper policing operating against the minority who are driving stolen vehicles and uninsured cars , and those who are driving dangerously for the conditions .
Motorists feel picked on when they are just trying to get to work or to the shops to buy the family food .
If we are foolish enough to make some honest money then the tax collectors descend .
The government only wants to know us when they are out to take our cash .
The Revenue and Customs have become much more aggressive and in some cases unfair , as this greedy government raids us time and again to pay for their army of helpers and advisers , to swell their drinks cabinets and pay their first class airline tickets as they fly round the world lecturing the rest of us on the need to travel less .
We are not allowed to make comments on immigration for fear of a false accusation of racism .
We are discouraged from criticisng the EU for fear of being called xenophobes .
We are told if we want fairer and lower taxes it means we are nasty people wishing to worsen the few health and social services we all do want to be better financed and conducted .
Our government snarls about success and privilege , disliking good grammar and independent schools and the best universities .
It tells us the two big issues of the day are obesity and climate change .
That ’s not whay they are saying in the Dog and Duck .
They use the " war on terror " as an excuse to whittle away our civil lliberties .
I can scarcely believe that under a Labour government people can now be arrested and held without charge for a month , and the government wishes to be able to do this for two months .
The threaten us with useless and expensive ID cards , when they cannot control our borders or run a National Insurance numbering scheme which works .
We are made to go through all sorts of difficult security checks at public buildings and airports , but not at tube stations and most train stations .
Once again it is the law abiding who are made to suffer .
Should we want something back for the huge taxes we pay , we are often out of luck .
There is insufficient road capacity for the needs of a mdoern economy , in a country with a third less good roadspace than our contiental rivals ( relative to size and population ) .
There are still queues to get access to healthcare despite all the extra money spent .
Many people do not live near to a first class state school , so their children are out of luck .
If Ministers cannot understand why people are leaving , I have this advice for them .
Leave the Ministerial car at home next week , and try getting yourself to the office for 9 am each day .
Work out what it is like paying the mortage , buying the petrol , paying the Council Tax and the family food on average earnings in this country , and ask yourself if people really are paying too little tax when you ’ve done those sums .
Try and imagine what it is like to be English , when the government is directed from a Scottish perspective on so many things .
Ask yourself if you think it ’s fair that Scotland has a totally different deal in the Union to the majority .
If you still ca n’t figure out why so many people are leaving , then you are not cut out to be a politician .
You are simply , hopelessly and comprehensively out of touch .
If you can , then DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT .
American moms apparently are n't the only ones locked in an epic battle between organic - juice perfectionists and bad - mother ne'er - do - wells .
To hear feminist Elisabeth Badinter tell it , the mommy wars have spread to France .
Advertisement
According to the Guardian 's Lizzy Davies , French moms have been seen as " the wonder women of Europe " for their ability to juggle jobs with a fertility rate higher than Britain 's or Germany's .
But Badinter ( not pictured — that 's Carla Bruni and her stepson Louis Sarkozy ) is worried they can only juggle for so long .
She says ,
The majority of French women [ now ] reconcile maternity with professional life .
Many of them work full - time when they have a child .
They are resisting the model of the perfect mother , but for how long ?
I get the impression that we may now be at a turning point .
Advertisement
Evidence for said turning point includes , according to Davies , " the new image of the ' ideal mother ' – one who breastfeeds for six months , does not rush to return to full - time work , avoids painkillers in childbirth , rejects disposable nappies and occasionally lets her baby sleep in her bed " and a possible trend of more French schoolgirls wanting to be stay - at - home moms .
Cecilé Duflot , mom of four and leader of the French Green Party , says Badinter " is completely wrong …
The examples she uses totally miss the point . "
But it 's interesting to see issues of women 's work - life balance — which in America so often seem related to our long hours , employment insecurity , and lack of a social safety net — still playing out in a more socialist country .
Of course , France is no utopia — like the US , it has serious problems with race and class .
Still , it 's sad that in a nation with reasonable workdays , paid maternity leave , and subsidized childcare , motherhood is still fraught with unreasonable expectations and infighting .
Next thing they 'll be telling us French women get fat .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
French Philosopher Says Feminism Under Threat From ' Good Motherhood ' [ Guardian ]
A renewable - energy " oasis " slated to be built in 2010 may serve as a proving ground for new technologies designed to bring green living to the desert .
The planned research center is part of the Sahara Forest Project — but that does n't mean it 'll be built in Africa .
Sahara means " desert " in Arabic , and the center is meant to be a small - scale version of massive green complexes that project managers hope to build in deserts around the globe .
Experts are now examining arid sites in Australia , the U.S. , the Middle East , and Africa that could support the test facility .
" The Sahara Forest Project is a holistic approach for creation of local jobs , food , water , and energy , utilizing relatively simple solutions mimicking design and principles from nature , " said Frederic Hauge , founder and president of the Norwegian environmental nonprofit the Bellona Foundation .
For instance , special greenhouses would use hot desert air and seawater make fresh water for growing crops , solar energy would be collected to generate power , and algae pools would offer a renewable and easily transportable fuel supply .
In addition , planting trees near the complex would trap atmospheric greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide while restoring any natural forest cover that has been lost to drought and timber harvesting .
" From my perspective as an environmentalist , this could be a game changer in how we produce biomass for food and energy , and how we 're going to provide fresh water for the future , " Hauge said .
" I 've never been so engaged and fascinated as I am now . "
But not all experts are as enthusiastic about the project .
In terms of the reforestation plans , " trying to grow trees in the Sahara desert is not the most appropriate approach , " said Patrick Gonzalez , a forest ecologist at the University of California , Berkeley 's Center for Forestry .
After all , even though it was literally green in the past , the Sahara was never heavily forested .
( See an interactive Sahara map . )
" I can imagine that this scheme and type of technology in limited cases might work in certain areas like Dubai , where they 're used to making palm - shaped islands and 160 - story - tall buildings , " Gonzalez said .
If the goal is restoring a desert 's natural ecosystem , however , " it would be more effective , but less flashy , to work with local people on community - based natural - resource management . "
From Mirage to Reality
The Bellona Foundation 's
Hauge counters that replanting trees — even in a desert — is an uncontroversial measure for stopping desertification and combating climate change .
In fact , tree - planting is one of the strategies that the foundation and its partners have carefully studied as part of their efforts to make the Sahara Forest Project more than a mirage .
The project 's members are conducting feasibility studies in several countries , the initial results of which were presented in December 2009 at the Copenhagen climate conference .
And the testing center slated for imminent construction should provide even more data on how well the project 's suite of green technologies might work in real life .
So - called seawater greenhouses , for example , are basic and cheap , making them a cornerstone of the project .
Hot desert air going into a greenhouse is first cooled and humidified by seawater .
This humid air nourishes crops growing inside the greenhouse , then passes through an evaporator , where sun-heated seawater flows .
When the now warm humid air meets a series of tubes containing cool seawater , fresh water condenses as droplets on the outsides of the tubes and can be collected .
The process mimics a natural process : Sun-heated seawater evaporates , cools to form clouds , and then falls as precipitation .
Only 10 to 15 percent of the humid air gets condensed into fresh water .
The rest flows outside to water surrounding trees , so that the " greenhouse will create a large area around it that will be become green , " according to Hauge .
The center will also test the use of concentrated solar power , which uses mirrors to focus sunlight on water pipes and boilers .
The concentrated light creates superheated steam inside the pipes that can power conventional steam turbines , generating electricity .
Any power not used to run the complex can be sent to local communities .
Likewise , biomass - based fuel from the center 's photobioreactors would be easy to export , Hauge said .
The ponds would cultivate algae through photosynthesis in open , shallow saltwater pools .
The algae 's fatty oils could then be harvested as energy - rich biofuel .
Lab - grown algae have been shown to generate up to 30 times more oil per acre than other plants used to make biofuels , according to the National Renewable Energy Laboratory .
And farming algae in pools does n't take up valuable agricultural land , Hauge said .
Local People Key to Success
Hauge said he has gotten " fantastic response " from some governments , and he hopes to build the first full - scale facility within the next couple years .
UC Berkeley 's Gonzalez noted that in Africa , at least , there are already programs across the continent that are battling green issues in the desert by giving local people rights to existing natural resources .
Such programs have proven effective at sustainable - resource management and ecosystem restoration — without complex technological fixes .
The Sahara Forest Project 's
Hauge agrees that local community involvement is key , noting that the project would rely on local people to maintain the complexes .
Health goods abound currently , which means everybody has choices when they ’re trying to find something they could require .
Although this is definitely excellent , as it enables somebody to pick exactly what works effectively for them , it does mean they are going to have to be careful any time they will …
With the Late Night Wars carpet - bombing NBC 's 10:00 slot , the network 's hurriedly scrounging for filler .
One show they 're not contemplating ?
The ill - fated cargasm , Top Gear USA .
Was the pilot so horrendous it 's unwatchable ?
We 've got $ 5,000 to find out .
Advertisement
The BBC's Top Gear may be one of the world 's most popular shows , but in two attempts at colonization here in North America , it has n't succeeded .
The closest the show 's come to reality was a pilot shot with car guy and former " Man Show " host Adam Carolla , racer Tanner Foust and noted interior drapery design consultant Eric Stromer .
The pilot , originally slated to air on NBC as a Spring 2009 replacement series , was dropped thanks to network President Jeff Zucker 's inability to stomach high production costs and because Knight Rider was just so completely terrible .
Advertisement
Who Is Adam Carolla ?
As part of our coverage of the announcement of the Top Gear USA pilot , we 've put together a special Read more
All we know is we want to see it and with Zucker now looking down the barrel of a one hour - per - night gunshot - like hole in his schedule thanks to his decision to cost - cut with an unfunny car guy , we 're wondering why he's not looking at Top Gear USA to fill the hole .
You think Conan 's pissed ?
Ha !
Hell hath no fury like the teeming car - loving fans of Top Gear .
So what happened ?
Did NBC — as we'd once heard — sell the rights to someone like Discovery or the History Channel ?
Or perhaps , was the pilot just absolutely horrendous ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
There 's only one way to find out — watch it ourselves .
We know someone out there must have it .
So we 're willing to pay $ 5,000 to the first person who can provide us with a full copy of the unaired Carolla / Foust / Stromer NBC pilot of Top Gear USA .
There are some ground rules :
Our standard contest rules apply .
We expect you to stay within the bounds of the law .
We reserve the right to limit , or restrict upon notice , participation in the Contest to any person at any time for any reason .
Void where prohibited .
So who 's in ?
E-mail me directly at ray - at - jalopnik - dot - com .
Three Tesla employees were on board a plane that crashed in East Palo Alto early this morning .
We are withholding their identities as we work with the relevant authorities to notify the families .
Our thoughts and prayers are with them .
Tesla is a small , tightly - knit company , and this is a tragic day for us .
A small , twin -engined Cessna crashed this morning in an East Palo Alto neighborhood , killing all three passengers on board .
According to reports , the plane was owned by Doug Bourn , a senior electrical engineer for Tesla Motors , and all three occupants were high - ranking officials at the electric car company .
Authorities have not yet named the deceased . " [ The plane ] hit a power line .
Then it exploded ... then half hit the next door neighbor 's house and the other half hit across the street .
We were right in the road , " said neighborhood resident Heather Starnes .
No injuries were reported on the ground , though a number of homes were damaged , including one currently being used as a daycare facility .
The National Weather Service had issued a dense fog advisory for the Bay Area earlier in the morning that was in effect until 10 a.m.
A spokesman for the Federal Aviation Administration said the " decision [ to take off ] would have been up to the pilot . "
We 'll update with an official comment from Tesla when we hear back .
Fox News reports Elon Musk was not on the plane ( via Twitter ) .
Local news video from Mercury News posted after the jump Power outages reported in Palo Alto and nearby areas , affecting residences and businesses , including Facebook offices
We 've received a comment from Tesla CEO Elon Musk : [ Source : KTVU San Francicso
Als Dauerproblem zieht sich durch die Veranstaltung die Frage , ob die Punkte alle einzeln oder zusammen abgestimmt werden sollen .
Als es um Wahlrechtsfragen geht , wird beschlossen , von den Unterpunkten 11.7 bis 11.50 über mehrere im Block abzustimmen .
Ein Redner beschwert sich jedoch , das Wahlrecht für 16 - jährige und für Ausländer könne man nicht so einfach in einen Topf werfen , da habe er unterschiedliche Ansichten .
Wieder wird fast eine halbe Stunde lang darüber diskutiert , welche Punkte man zusammenzieht und welche nicht , bis einige Redner fordern , doch über alles einzeln abzustimmen , das gehe schneller .
Here is a PDF ( Schwarz et al ) that discusses attempts to improve decision - making – and the frequent failures of these attempts .
Ironically , the more people try to consider the opposite , the more they often convince themselves that their initial judgment was right [ … ]
Similar surprises arise in the domain of public information campaigns .
Presumably , erroneous beliefs can be dispelled by confronting them with contradictory evidence .
Yet attempts to do so often increase later acceptance of the erroneous beliefs , as known since Allport and Lepkin ’s pioneering research ( 1945 ) into rumor transmission .
Again , the unintended effect arises because the educational strategy focuses solely on information content and ignores the metacognitive experiences that are part and parcel of the reasoning process .
The section of the quote that I have bolded has implications for sceptics wishing to debunk myths – including those about climate change , HIV / Aids , vaccination and other important topics .
On page 20 of the PDF , the authors state that :
Any attempt to explicitly discredit false information necessarily involves a repetition of the false information , which may contribute to its later familiarity and acceptance .
Although this problem has been known since Allport and Lepkin ’s research ( 1945 ) into wartime rumors , the idea that false information needs to be confronted is so appealing that it is still at the heart of many information campaigns .
The authors then discuss “ Spreading Myths by Debunking Them ” , using the example of a flyer published by the Centers for Disease Control ( CDC ) .
It illustrates a common format of information campaigns that counter misleading information by confronting “ myths ” with “ facts . ”
This format is also used by sceptical bloggers .
The myths and facts , in the case of the CDC flyer , relate to flu vaccines .
Skurnik , Yoon , and Schwarz ( 2007 ) gave participants the CDC ’s “ Facts & Myths ” flyer or a parallel “ Facts ” version that presented only the facts .
Here is the bit I find most interesting :
Right after reading the flyer , participants had good memory for the presented information and made only a few random errors , identifying 4 % of the myths as true and 3 % of the facts as false .
Thirty minutes later , however , their judgments showed a systematic error pattern :
They now misidentified 15 % of the myths as true , whereas their misidentification of facts as false remained at 2 % .
It turns out that familiar statements are more likely to be accepted as true : “ This familiarity bias results in a higher rate of erroneous judgments when the statement is false rather than true , as observed in the present study . ”
The attempt to debunk myths actually facilitates their acceptance after a short delay ( a delay of only 30 minutes in the study by Skurnik , Yoon , and Schwarz ) .
So : if fisking misleading articles , debunking myths , and tackling misinformation involves repeating the myths , then sceptics ( or , if you prefer , “ skeptics ” ) may actually be making the situation worse and helping to propagate the myths and misinformation in question .
What to do ?
Well , we could make the facts familiar to people – and make the familiarity bias work in our favour .
If you have factual information that would help counter misinformation , then the best tactic may be to state the information , and to repeat it sufficiently often for the true statement ( s ) to ‘ enter into the public consciousness ’ .
Schwarz et al consider the possibility of using “ memorable slogans that link the myth and fact [ and ] may provide a promising avenue ” , but they do not seem to recommend this course of action :
In most cases , however , it will be safer to refrain from any reiteration of the myths and to focus solely on the facts .
The more the facts become familiar and fluent , the more likely it is that they will be accepted as true and serve as the basis of people ’s judgments and intentions .
I recently wrote about squalene , an ingredient in some vaccines ( including the swine flu / H1N1 vaccine ) .
The post related to myths and misinformation regarding squalene and in order to write this post , it was necessary to make reference to the misinformation .
Even by pointing out that there was a spurious link between squalene and a certain syndrome , I may have been helping to perpetuate the myth .
Perhaps rather than mentioning the link , I should have simply written :
Squalene is a component of some adjuvants that is added to vaccines to enhance the immune response .
A naturally occurring substance found in plants , animals and humans , squalene is synthesized in the liver and circulates in the human bloodstream .
It is also found in a variety of foods , cosmetics , over - the - counter medications and health supplements .
Tackling misinformation without inadvertently helping to spread it may be tricky , but I think it is something that is worth attempting .
If you have any bright ideas , then please feel free to post them in the comments section below .
Back in 2007 , when Gen. David Petraeus was the surge commander of U.S. forces in Iraq , he had a penchant for clock imagery .
In an interview in April of that year , he typically said : “ I ’m conscious of a couple of things .
One is that the Washington clock is moving more rapidly than the Baghdad clock , so we ’re obviously trying to speed up the Baghdad clock a bit and to produce some progress on the ground that can perhaps give hope to those in the coalition countries , in Washington , and perhaps put a little more time on the Washington clock . ”
And he was n’t alone .
Military spokespeople and others in the Bush administration right up to the president regularly seemed to hear one , two , or sometimes as many as three clocks ticking away ominously and out of sync .
Hearing some discordant ticking myself of late , I decided to retrieve Petraeus ’ image from the dustbin of history .
So imagine three ticking clocks , all right here in the U.S. , one set to Washington time , a second to American time , and the third to Pentagon time .
In Washington – with even the New York Times now agreeing that a “ majority ” of 100 is 60 ( not 51 ) and that the Senate ’s 41st vote settles everything – the clock seems to be ticking erratically , if at all .
On the other hand , that American clock , if we ’re to believe the good citizens of Massachusetts , is ticking away like a bomb .
Americans are impatient , angry , and “ in revolt ” against Washington time .
That ’s what the media continue to tell us in the wake of last week ’s Senate upset .
Depending on which account you read , they were outraged by a nearly trillion dollar health - care reform that was also a giveaway to insurance companies , and annoyed by Democratic candidate Martha Coakley calling Curt Schilling a “ Yankees fan ” as well as besmirching handshaking in the cold outside Fenway Park ; they were anxious about an official Massachusetts unemployment rate of 9.4 percent ( and a higher real one ) , an economy that has rebounded for bankers but not for regular people , soaring deficits , staggering foreclosure rates , mega - banking bonuses , the Obama administration ’s bailout of those same bankers , and its coziness with Wall Street .
They were angry and impatient about a lot of things , blind angry you might say , since they were ready to vote back into office the party not in office , even if behind that party ’s “ new face ” were ideas that would take us back to the origins of the present disaster .
A Blank Check for the Pentagon
It ’s worth noting , however , that they ’re not angry about everything – and that the Washington clock , barely moving on a wide range of issues , is still ticking away when it comes to one institution .
The good citizens of Massachusetts may be against free rides and bailouts for many types , but not for everybody .
I ’m speaking , of course , about the Pentagon , for which Congress has just passed a record new budget of $ 708 billion ( with an Afghan war - fighting supplemental request of $ 33 billion , essentially a bailout payment , still pending but sure to pass ) .
This happened without real debate , much public notice , or even a touch of anger in Washington or Massachusetts .
And keep in mind that the Pentagon ’s real budget is undoubtedly close to a trillion dollars , without even including the full panoply of our national security state .
The tea-party crews do n’t rail against Pentagon giveaways , nor do Massachusetts voters grumble about them .
Unfettered Pentagon budgets pass in the tick - tock of a Washington clock and no one seems fazed when the Wall Street Journal reveals that military aides accompanying globe - hopping parties of congressional representatives regularly spend thousands of taxpayer dollars on snacks , drinks , and other “ amenities ” for them , even while , like some K Street lobbying outfit , promoting their newest weaponry .
Think of it , in financial terms , as Pentagon peanuts shelled out for actual peanuts , and no one gives a damn .
It ’s hardly considered news – and certainly nothing to get angry about – when the secretary of defense meets privately with the nation ’s top military - industrial contractors , calls for an even “ closer partnership , ” and pledges to further their mutual interests by working “ with the White House to secure steady growth in the Pentagon ’s budgets over time . ”
Nor does it cause a stir among the denizens of inside - the - Beltway Washington or the citizens of Massachusetts when the top ten defense contractors spend more than $ 27 million lobbying the federal government , as in the last quarter of 2009 ( a significant increase over the previous quarter ) , just as plans for the president ’s Afghan War surge were being prepared .
Nor is it just the angry citizens of Massachusetts , or those tea-party organizers , or Republicans stalwarts who hear no clock ticking when it comes to “ national security ” expenditures , who see no link between our military - industrial outlays , our perpetual wars , and our economic woes .
When , for instance , was the last time you saw a bona fide liberal economist / columnist like Paul Krugman include the Pentagon and our wars in the litany of things potentially bringing this country down ?
Yes , striking percentages of Americans attend the church ( temple , mosque ) of their choice , but when it comes to American politics and the economy , the U.S. military is our church , “ national security ” our Bible , and nothing done in the name of either can be wrong .
Talk about a blank check .
It ’s as if the military , already the most revered institution in the country , existed on the other side of a Star - Trekkian financial wormhole .
Pentagon Time Horizons
Which brings us to Pentagon time .
Yes , that third clock is ticking , but at a very different tempo from those in Washington or Massachusetts .
Americans are evidently increasingly impatient for “ change ” of whatever sort , whether you can believe in it or not .
The Pentagon , on the other hand , is patient .
It ’s opted for making counterinsurgency the central strategy of its war in Central and South Asia , the sort of strategy that , even if successful , experts claim could easily take a decade or two to pull off .
But no problem – not when the Pentagon ’s clock is ticking on something like eternal time .
And here ’s the thing : because the media are no less likely to give the Pentagon a blank check than the citizens of Massachusetts , it ’s hard indeed to grasp the extent to which that institution , and the military services it represents , are planning and living by their own clock .
Though major papers have Pentagon “ beats , ” they generally tell us remarkably little , except inadvertently and in passing , about Pentagon time .
So , for the next few minutes , just keep that Pentagon clock ticking away in your head .
In the meantime , we ’ll go looking for some hints about the Pentagon ’s war - fighting time horizons buried in news reports on , and Pentagon contracts for , the Afghan War .
Take , as a start , a Jan. 6 story from the inside pages of my hometown paper .
New York Times reporter Eric Schmitt began it this way : “ The military ’s effort to build a seasoned corps of expert officers for the Afghan war , one of the highest priorities of top commanders , is off to a slow start , with too few volunteers and a high - level warning to the armed services to steer better candidates into the program , according to some senior officers and participants . ”
At stake was an initiative “ championed ” by Afghan War commander Gen. Stanley McChrystal to create a “ 912 - member corps of mostly officers and enlisted service members who will work on Afghanistan and Pakistan issues for up to five years . ”
The news was that the program , in its infancy , was already faltering because it did n’t conform to one of the normal career paths followed in the U.S. military .
But what caught my eye was that phrase “ up to five years . ”
Imagine what it means for the war commander , backed by key figures in the Pentagon , to plan to put more than 900 soldiers , including top officers , on a career path that would leave them totally wedded , for five years , to war in the Af - Pak theater of operations .
( After all , if that war were to end , the State Department might well take charge . )
In other words , McChrystal was creating a potentially powerful interest group within the military whose careers would be wedded to an ongoing war with a timeline that extended into 2015 – and who would have something to lose if it ended too quickly .
What does it matter then that President Obama was proclaiming his desire to begin drawing down the war in July 2011 ?
Or consider the plan being proposed , according to Ann Scott Tyson , in a Jan. 17 Washington Post piece , by Special Forces Maj .
Jim Gant , and now getting a most respectful hearing inside the military .
Gant wants to establish small Special Forces teams that would “ go native , ” move into Afghan villages and partner up with local tribal leaders – “ one tribe at a time , ” as an influential paper he wrote on the subject was entitled .
“ The U.S. military , ” reported Tyson , “ would have to grant the teams the leeway to grow beards and wear local garb , and enough autonomy in the chain of command to make rapid decisions .
Most important , to build relationships , the military would have to commit one or two teams to working with the same tribe for three to five years , Gant said . ”
She added that Gant has “ won praise at the highest levels [ of the U.S. military ] for his effort to radically deepen the U.S. military ’s involvement with Afghan tribes – and is being sent back to Afghanistan to do just that . ”
Again , another “ up to five year ” commitment in Afghanistan and a career path to go with it on a clock that , in Gant ’s case , has yet to start ticking .
Or just to run through a few more examples :
In August 2009 , the superb Walter Pincus of the Washington Post quoted Air Force Brig .
Gen. Walter Givhan , in charge of training the Afghan National Army Air Corps , this way : “ Our goal is by 2016 to have an [ Afghan ] air corps that will be capable of doing those operations and the things that it needs to do to meet the security requirements of this country . ”
Of course , that six - year timeline includes the American advisors training that air force .
( And note that Givhan ’s 2016 date may actually represent slippage .
In January 2008 , when Air Force Brig .
Gen. Jay H. Lindell , who was then commander of the Combined Air Power Transition Force , discussed the subject , he spoke of an “ eight - year campaign plan ” through 2015 to build up the Afghan Air Corps . )
In a Jan. 13 piece on Pentagon budgeting plans , Anne Gearan and Anne Flaherty of the Associated Press reported : “ The Pentagon projects that war funding would drop sharply in 2012 , to $ 50 billion ” from the present at least $ 159 billion ( mainly thanks to a projected massive draw - down of forces in Iraq ) , “ and remain there through 2015 . ”
Whether the financial numbers are accurate or not , the date is striking : again a five - year window .
piece on Pentagon budgeting plans , Anne Gearan and Anne Flaherty of the Associated Press reported : “ The Pentagon projects that war funding would drop sharply in 2012 , to $ 50 billion ” from the present at least $ 159 billion ( mainly thanks to a projected massive draw - down of forces in Iraq ) , “ and remain there through 2015 . ”
Whether the financial numbers are accurate or not , the date is striking : again a five - year window .
Or take the “ train and equip ” program aimed at bulking up the Afghan military and police , which will be massively staffed with U.S. military advisers ( and private security contractors ) and is expected to cost at least $ 65 billion .
It ’s officially slated to run from 2010 - 2014 , by which time the combined Afghan security forces are projected to reach 400,000 .
Or consider a couple of the long - term contracts already being handed out for Afghan war work like the $ 158 million the Air Force has awarded to Evergreen Helicopters , Inc. , for “ indefinite delivery / indefinite quantity ( IDIQ ) contract for rotary wing aircraft , personnel , equipment , tools , material , maintenance , and supervision necessary to perform passenger and cargo air transportation services .
Work will be performed in Afghanistan and is expected to start April 3 , 2009 , to be completed by Nov. 30 , 2013 . ”
Or the Pentagon contract awarded to the private contractor SOS International primarily for translators , which has an estimated completion date of September 2014 .
Ending the Pentagon ’s Free Ride
Of course , this just scratches the surface of long - term Afghan War planning in the Pentagon and the military , which rolls right along , seemingly barely related to whatever war debates may be taking place in Washington .
Few in or out of that city find these timelines strange , and indeed they are just symptomatic of an organization already planning for “ the next war ” and the ones after that , not to speak of the next generation bomber of 2018 , the integrated U.S. Army battlefield surveillance system of 2025 , and the drones of 2047 .
This , in short , is Pentagon time , and it ’s we who fund that clock which ticks toward eternity .
If the Pentagon gets in trouble , war - fighting or otherwise , we bail it out without serious debate or any of the anger we saw in the Massachusetts election .
No one marches in the streets , or demands that Pentagon bailouts end , or votes ’em ( or at least their supporters ) out of office .
In this way , no institution is more deeply embedded in American life or less accountable for its acts ; Pentagon time exists enswathed in an almost religious glow of praise and veneration – what might once have been known as “ idolatry . ”
Until the Pentagon is forced into our financial universe , the angry , impatient one where most Americans now live , we ’re in trouble .
Until candidates begin losing because angry Americans reject our perpetual wars , and the perpetual war - planning that goes with them , this sort of thinking will simply continue , no matter who the “ commander in chief ” is or what he thinks he ’s commanding .
It ’s time for Americans to stop saluting and end the Pentagon ’s free ride before America ’s wars kill us .
Copyright 2010 Tom Engelhardt
Metropolitan Museum of Art
On Friday afternoon a woman taking an adult education class at the Metropolitan Museum of Art accidentally lost her balance and fell into “ The Actor , ” a rare Rose Period Picasso , tearing the canvas about six inches along its lower right - hand corner .
Immediately after the accident the painting was taken to the Met ’s conservation studio so experts could assess the damage , museum officials said .
A statement released by the Met on Sunday afternoon said , “ The damage did not occur in the focal point of the composition and the curatorial
and conservation staffs fully expect that the repair — which will take place in the coming weeks — will be unobtrusive . ”
The canvas — about 6 feet by 4 feet — was hanging on the wall of a second - floor gallery with other early Picassos .
The museum declined to identify the woman , but said she was not injured .
Picasso created the painting , which depicts an itinerant acrobat theatrically posed , during the winter of 1904 - 5 .
Museum officials said they expected the repair to be completed in time for “ Picasso in the Metropolitan Museum of Art , ” an exhibition of some 250 works from its collection opening on April 27 .
In the universe there is always room for another surprise .
Or two .
Or a trillion .
Take the Witch Head Nebula , for example  a puffy purplish trail of gas in the constellation Eridanus .
When a picture of it is turned on its side , the nebula looks just like , well , a witch , complete with a pointy chin and peaked hat , ready to jump on a broomstick or offer an apple to Snow White .
In 30 years of covering astronomy , I had never heard of the Witch Head Nebula until I came across a haunting two - page spread showing it snaking across an inky black star - speckled background in “ Far Out : A Space - Time Chronicle , ” an exquisite picture guide to the universe by Michael Benson , a photographer , journalist and filmmaker , and obviously a longtime space buff .
Actually “ exquisite ” does not really do justice to the aesthetic and literary merits of the book , published in the fall .
I live in New York , so most of the cosmos is invisible to me , but even when I lived under the black crystalline and  at this time of year  head - ringingly cold skies of the Catskills , I could see only so far .
If you do n’t have your own Hubble Space Telescope , this book is the next best thing .
Mr. Benson has scoured images from the world ’s observatories , including the Hubble , to fashion a step - by - step tour of the cosmos , outward from fantastical clusters and nebulae a few hundred light - years away to soft red dots of primordial galaxies peppering the wall of the sky billions of light - years beyond the stars , almost to the Big Bang .
AVQ&A Welcome back to AVQ&A , where we throw out a question for discussion among the staff and readers .
Consider this a prompt to compare notes on your interface with pop culture , to reveal your embarrassing tastes and experiences .
Prev Next View All
Which art have you changed your mind on over the years ?
E.g. I loved Lost In Translation as a portrayal of loneliness , weightlessness , transience , etc. at the time ; now it seems the work of self - pitying moneyed snobs .
— David Willoughby
Advertisement
Has there ever been something in pop culture you ’ve fallen hard out of love with ?
Example : I used to actually look forward to A Prairie Home Companion if it happened to be on the radio , and now I ca n’t fucking stand one second of it .
I know this happens a lot with bands as tastes change and mature growing up ( I did my time listening to ska ) , but there are other things besides music that I , for whatever no good reason , became a major anti-fanboy about : certain movies , directors , authors … — Chris Ward
Tasha Robinson
The first thing that leaps to mind for me is The Cure .
I discovered them in college , which was maybe already a little too far past my mopey , lovesick , self - absorbed - pain phase of life for them to really hit the emotional sweet spot of a band that says what you ’re thinking .
At the same time , they were something new for me : I ’d never been into punk , I ’d never heard of goth , and I ’d never heard music that touched on so many genres at once .
It was like finding a Rosetta Stone that let me translate between the pop I was used to and all the music I ’d never been exposed to and was just then discovering .
I listened to The Cure a lot for a couple of years .
And then … I moved on .
Fairly recently , I saw some cheap Cure CDs and picked them up and re-exposed myself , and lo and behold , what once seemed innovative and deep and emotional now just sounded like a bunch of samey whining .
The music has n’t changed , but I have ; that ’s just how it goes .
Advertisement
Claire Zulkey
Boy did I feel differently about Donnie Darko the last time I watched it , compared to the first time I saw it .
Upon first viewing , I was captivated by the mix of themes of suburban darkness , mental illness , teen angst , and science fiction .
I loved how unpredictable the plot was , and the second time through , I enjoyed looking for hidden meanings I had missed .
I also thought it was incredibly witty casting to have Patrick Swayze as the self - righteous pedophile .
And I was partially hypnotized by Jake Gyllenhaal and James Duval ’s cuteness , and the soporific splendor of Gary Jules ’ cover of “ Mad World . ”
It only took a few more viewings to completely change my mind .
The novelty of the genre - mixing wore off , and suddenly what seemed so meaningful reminded me of my attempts to be “ deep ” in high school .
Plus , once I knew what was coming plotwise , I realized that the plot itself was n’t really that strong a story on its own ( just try summarizing it to someone who has n’t seen it ) , which also left me free to realize that some of the acting in the movie , specifically Drew Barrymore ’s , is kind of crappy .
And while I ’m at it , I ’ll argue that the Tears For Fears version of “ Mad World ” is better in the end anyway .
Leonard Pierce
A few years ago , I purchased — from a retail store at full price — a CD edition of Styx ’s Kilroy Was Here .
I did this because I had formulated the belief that , unlike a lot of other stuff I listened to in 1983 , it was actually a very good album that had been underestimated by critics for many years .
Advertisement
Boy , was I wrong about that .
Keith Phipps
I ’m not going to join the growing chorus of U2 haters , because I ca n’t hate that band .
But I will single out a performance that I used to treasure , and now dread .
On Rattle And Hum , there ’s an live version of “ Bullet The Blue Sky ” that once struck me as the most intense , passionate , politically right - on five and a half minutes ever recorded .
I still do n’t think it ’s a bad song in its original form , and U2 deserves points for simply addressing the intrusion of U.S. politics into Central America .
But listening to it now , with its on - the - nose use of Jimi Hendrix ’s version of “ The Star - Spangled Banner , ” and especially Bono ’s breathless I - do n ’t - mean - to - bug - ya spoken - word interlude , it just seems so over the top , and so at odds with my current tastes that I feel like a stranger from the kid who used to love it .
Advertisement
Josh Modell
In high school , I loved pretty much everything “ Madchester ” related , maybe blindly .
Which is n’t to say there ’s nothing to love about Inspiral Carpets and The Charlatans UK , but those are n’t records I reach for anymore — though I still have them all .
( And do n’t even get me started on Northside or Flowered Up . )
I also used to really like Heroes , but unlike with Tasha ’s response about The Cure , it ’s pretty clear that the show has changed , not me .
Michaelangelo Matos
Maybe it ’s because when I was a teenager I bore a glancing resemblance to Matthew Broderick , but I do n’t think I could stomach watching Ferris Bueller ’s Day Off again .
For one thing , it ’s one of those movies that functioned as a constant television rerun — always on , either via cable or the VCR .
But I find its mix of suburban cuteness and anti-authoritarianism pretty coy in recollection .
I remember not liking The Breakfast Club much , even while understanding why other people did ; Ferris Bueller , I really enjoyed , so its diminishing in my memory is a little sadder .
Advertisement
Marc Hawthorne
Proving that you need to love something before you can truly hate it , my strong feelings for the Red Hot Chili Peppers switched sides about 10 years ago .
While Nirvana inadvertently built a bridge in 1991 that brought a large chunk of headbangers over to the alternative nation , two years earlier , the Red Hot Chili Peppers did that for me , a pop-metal fan who was growing tired of the steady diet of empty calories offered by Poison , Skid Row , White Lion , and the like .
( Actually , Nirvana opened for the Chili Peppers the first time I ever saw them . )
The first song that grabbed me was “ Knock Me Down , ” an energetic slap - bass special whose subject matter , the heroin overdose of former guitarist Hillel Slovak , was just deep enough for my 14 - year - old tastes .
Back then , we had to wait a little while between the première of a video on 120 Minutes and actually hearing the album , and I can still remember how every day dragged until the release date of Mother ’s Milk .
But then sometime around Californication , whose hits I can’t name but I know them when I hear them , my ears turned cold toward the band , and I ’m pretty sure it ’s more me than them — these new shitty songs remind me a lot of the old awesome songs , which , if I actually went back and listened to them , would presumably sound pretty shitty to me now .
It ’s gotten so bad that friends who are well aware of my defection still get the same obscenity - laden spiel from me every time the A ’s play a Chili Peppers song at the Coliseum , and I even recently found myself unable to make it through Stevie Wonder ’s version of “ Higher Ground . ”
I ’m not much of a Neil Hamburger fan , but I do love it when he rattles off like 20 Red Hot Chili Peppers jokes in a row .
My favorite : “ Who has the most alternative - rock Grammys ?
The guy who runs the pawn shop across the street from Anthony Keidis ’ dealer . ”
Todd VanDerWerff
When I was a freshman in college , I took the girl I was newly dating to American Beauty , a film that was purported to be the be-all and end - all of stories of America in the ’90s .
And I loved it .
I thought it was deeply insightful , true about the world in ways that no one else was expressing at the time .
That scene with the plastic bag ?
I really believed it , that you could see the beauty if you just looked hard enough .
And the ending , with Kevin Spacey talking about all of the stuff he remembered as he died ?
I thought that was absolute genius .
Now , I ca n’t say that I absolutely hate American Beauty now , but I ’d no longer rank it anywhere among my favorite movies of all time , or even anywhere close to a list like that .
Hell , there are days when I actively dislike it .
The older I ’ve gotten , the more I ’ve realized that American Beauty is specifically designed to flatter those who see themselves as a precious , tortured Ricky or a snide , above - it - all Lester , and the less I like it .
It ’s still a damned good - looking movie , and it still has a lot of fun performances , but it thinks it ’s smarter than it actually is , just like I did at 18 .
But I grew up ( though I still think I ’m smarter than I am ) , and American Beauty stayed the same damn age .
Advertisement
Jason Heller
I used to like Living Colour .
I mean , I really , really loved them .
And it was n’t just the hit album , Vivid , from 1988 , the one that catapulted them to fame on the back of “ Cult Of Personality . ”
I listened to that album a bazillion times when it came out , and I truly thought it was the revolutionary next phase of rock ’ n ’ roll .
I was in high school , and while I ’d grown up on meat - and - potatoes hard rock , I ’d started to rebel against it in a big way by seeking out the sissiest and / or weirdest music I could find .
Living Colour , to me , bridged the gap .
It was still hard rock , but it was , you know , smart .
I even went so far as to buy ( and adore ) the group ’s 1990 album Time ’s Up — not to mention a couple albums by the band ’s buddies and copycats , the funky metal outfit 24 - 7 Spyz .
But by the time I saw Living Colour play the first Lollapalooza in 1991 , I was a full - on grunge kid , and I was way more into Butthole Surfers ’ set .
Living Colour was mildly innovative , but they still wore neon Spandex and made their guitars squeal .
It all just seemed so old , done with , over .
By the mid-’90s , I was one of many jaded assholes laughing ( not without a deep sense of shame , I might add ) at Anal Cunt ’s gleefully offensive “ Living Colour Is My Favorite Black Metal Band . ”
And now ?
I wish I could say I at least feel a little nostalgia whenever I hear “ Cult Of Personality , ” but mostly I just cringe .
Sam Adams
The relationship between artists and an eager consumer is like any other ; it has its ups and downs , its magical moments and the ones that are best left forgotten .
But sometimes , it hurts too much to keep caring .
Twice in my career , I ’ve felt compelled to “ break up ” in print with directors I once admired , essentially divorcing myself from any hope they might again produce something worthwhile .
One was Woody Allen , whose post -Soon
Yi body of work , particularly in the 1990s , combined a desperate desire to be liked with an overwhelming hatred of women , and the other is Tim Burton , who has managed to rid his work of anything vaguely inventive or personal while still keeping up the facade of being the goth kid who sits alone at lunch .
Sleepy Hollow did it for me , a lifeless piece of hackwork so uninspired that it led me to question not only whether Burton had any good films left in him , but whether I ’d been wrong to like the ones I did in the first place .
I ’m genuinely afraid that if I rewatched Ed Wood , I ’d see it not as an affectionate paean to an eccentric visionary , but as a condescending portrait of a Hollywood failure who lacked Burton ’s skill at mainstreaming his fantasies .
Even leaving aside the stillborn Planet Of The Apes and Mars Attacks ! , Burton ’s last two decades mark an almost unbroken progression toward self - parody , a collection of spiky - haired heroes with Daddy issues and kohl - rimmed eyes .
If I were a stronger man , I ’d skip over Burton ’s imminent desecration of Alice In Wonderland altogether , but a combination of stubborn hope and morbid curiosity compels me in spite of myself .
Advertisement
Sean O’Neal
My group of high - school friends and I became obsessed with Reservoir Dogs the summer before our senior year :
We ’d watch it at least once a week , listen to the soundtrack in our cars , get in fights over what happened to Mr. Pink at the end .
We even mounted a successful write - in campaign to have “ Little Green Bag ” nominated for our “ senior song , ” although the faculty struck it from the ballots once they decided it was code for marijuana .
One day , my friend Mike made us all Reservoir Dogs T - shirts ; we each chose a character ( I was Mr. Pink ) , and using iron - on letters , he put their name on the front and a quote on the back ( “ I do n’t tip ” ) .
We wore them on Fridays when everyone else was wearing their football jerseys , because we were just that fucking cool .
I even have a photo , which I refuse to scan in for you , of all six of us doing the “ Reservoir Dogs walk ” in the parking lot , a scene we attempted at least five times until we got it right .
Just before we graduated , Pulp Fiction was released , and it convinced 16 - year - old me that Tarantino was second only to Martin Scorsese in the Valhalla of bad - ass directors .
( That summer , I wrote my first screenplay — a terrible , completely derivative story in which three hitmen who do n’t even know each other ’s names slowly bond while on the run from a botched job .
Remind me to burn that . )
But after a couple years of film school , and a lot of growing out of that posturing that comes with being an adolescent male , Tarantino ’s work just did n’t seem that special to me anymore .
In fact , his films started to feel sort of manufactured and hollow — not to mention incredibly self - indulgent .
Now , I still believe Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction are both good , possibly even great films ( and I ’ve definitely underrated Jackie Brown ) — and Inglourious Basterds recently reminded me what a vibrant filmmaker Tarantino can be , when he ’s not caught up with yammering at you about his record collection through some impossibly cool , pot -smoking female alter ego .
But because they were so crucial to my own formative sense of being “ cool , ” they now come off as affected in a way that makes me wince a little inside whenever I watch them , the same way I do whenever I look back at photos of me in my grunge - era haircut ( “ Give me the Eddie Vedder ! ” ) , earrings , and gas - station shirts , and wonder , “ Who was I trying so hard to impress ? ”
Erik Adams
I ca n’t remember leaving a movie theater with a greater sense of exhilaration then the two times I saw Garden State during the summer of 2004 .
( Though as an easily excited 4 - year - old , I did dance out of Ghostbusters II .
Such is the power of Bobby Brown ’s “ On Our Own . ” )
My Garden State experience has just as much to do with age — my first extended period of time in my hometown since leaving for college was coming to an end , and I could n’t believe that a movie could capture the way my familiar corner of Michigan suburbia suddenly felt so alien .
When the film became a hit , however , it came to my attention that it managed this because — like the ability to enjoy the easy , breezy indie - pop of the film ’s soundtrack — that feeling is universal .
If I were to watch the DVD copy of the film that has sat , unwatched , on various shelves since mid-2005 , I ’d no longer see a film celebrating uniqueness and discovering your own path in life .
Instead , my wizened , somewhat jaded eyes would see a calculated measure to make moviegoers think “ Hey , I ’m that person !
I ’ve scrunched up my face and made weird noises just to stop feeling unoriginal !
The Shins could change my life , too !
I ’m quirky , Universe — acknowledge me ! ”
Thus I grew from an eager Zach Braff acolyte to the guy who visibly cringed when presented with Joseph Gordon - Levitt ’s “ Wall Of Bands You And Only You Love And Will Ever Love ” at the beginning of ( 500 ) Days Of Summer .
Shelagh Delaney is looking out from the cover of Louder Than Bombs right at you , you special little snowflake !
( Nonetheless , if I was at a dance party and the DJ busted out “ On Our Own , ” I would be on the floor before Brown could start that tacked - on verse about proton packs and Vigo The Carpathian . )
Advertisement
Kyle Ryan
I remember watching Ten Foot Pole open for Face To Face and NOFX at Liberty Lunch in Austin when I was 18 , thinking “ Man , my next band is totally gonna sound like this . ”
At the time ( 1994 ) , the bands on Fat Wreck Chords — the labeled owned by NOFX frontman Fat Mike — all more or less sounded like NOFX : light - speed tempos & big , melodic punk guitars .
I basically wanted to play fast , poppy songs and jump around .
But I ’d lose my taste for that style within a year or two .
Fat Wreck since has diversified its roster , but that style of breakneck SoCal punk has n’t really changed — witness , oh , every NOFX record of the past 10 to 15 years .
I ’ll always have a soft spot for songs like NOFX ’s “ The Moron Brothers ” and Strung Out ’s “ Firecracker , ” but that style does nothing for me these days .
( I still stand by Face To Face , though . )
Nathan Rabin
I have covered this elsewhere , but I very much enjoyed a television program called Entourage at one point .
I consumed the entire first season in a two - and - a - half - hour span .
For a brief moment , it was perfect television junk food , lifestyle porn with a refreshingly non-moralistic take on Hollywood excess and a distinct affection for the glitzy world it chronicled with a light touch .
Then I watched the second and third season , and realized the show was , for the most part , awful , a pandering , substance - free , adolescent Maxim fantasy of a world where money is never an issue , beautiful women throw themselves at you , and you ’ve got all your bestest bros around to make the whole non -stop party even groovier .
I continued watching the show through its fourth season — watching it somehow required less of an investment of time and energy than not watching it — but I bailed out last year .
Even I have my limits .
Money Supply Flood to Drown US Economy
I can tell you the exact date ( Saturday , February 13 , 2010 ) that I saw that TheDailyBell.com had a “ guest Editorial ” by Dr. Ron Paul , who I admire because he is the only Congressman whose economic philosophy is the Austrian school of economics , which , in fractured German , is “ ein Austrian economischer ” , which I purposely use to paraphrase John Kennedy , who famously said , “ Ich bin ein Berliner ” , which actually translates from German as “ I am a cream - filled pastry ” , but everybody knew what he meant , which was that he was just another clueless American Democrat who wanted to save the whole world by taking over the whole world so that they could change the whole world , and who had the majority of American voters and Congress behind him , all of whom have heads that , for all apparent intents and purposes , are cream - filled , and that is why Kennedy said that he , too , behaved as if he had a head filled with whipped cream .
Oh , I am sure that there are those who disagree with my interpretation of what a dead president meant when he said he was a “ cream - filled pastry ” , and there are those who dispute my understanding of the vital role of the taco ( “ The prefect snack , any time ! ” ) and the candy bar ( “ Perfect for times between tacos ! ” ) in today ’s modern , health - conscious world , too , so go figure .
Idiots !
Regardless , the state of my mental faculties or the fact that I sound , look and act exactly like an idiot is not the point .
The point is about the importance of owning gold , silver and oil when the truly idiotic Federal Reserve keeps increasing the supply of credit and money , especially as it is used mainly to buy an avalanche of new government debt ( monetizing the debt !
Gaaaah !
We ’re freaking doomed ! ) , and how the title of his article , “ More Spending is Always the Answer ” , is so ludicrously ridiculous that I could not believe my eyes that Congressman Ron Paul , of all the people in the world , is saying that “ more spending is always the answer ” , because nothing could be farther from the truth , and it is , instead , waaaAAAaaay out there past the outermost , frigid fringes of Truth , a place where we find “ The promise of True Love ” and “ The check ’s in the mail . ”
It turns out that he was being sarcastic , as I should have known , and he says , “ Continually increasing the debt is one of the logical outcomes of Keynesianism , since more government spending is always their answer .
It is claimed that government must not stop spending when the economy is so fragile .
Government must act . ”
The problem is that “ when times are good , government also increases in size and scope , because we can afford it , it is claimed . ”
Exactly !
In short , the blockheads in Congress , the Federal Reserve , the majority of the laughably - incompetent university economics professors in the country , the morons of the President ’s council of economic advisors , and all Democrats , all believe that “ There is never a good time to rein in government spending according to Keynesian economists and the proponents of big government . ”
As a case in point , “ Last week , the House approved another increase in the national debt ceiling ” , he says , meaning that the idiotic American government can now legally borrow $ 1.9 trillion more , on top of the $ 12 trillion already borrowed and owed , “ to stay afloat and avoid default ” , although he did not mention that this monstrous new load of debt is only expected to last until just after the mid-term elections this year , at which point Congress will take us farther and farther into a deadly financial quicksand with another extension of the debt limit !
Hahaha !
In this regard , Junior Mogambo Ranger ( JMR ) Alan L. writes , “ Call one drop of water a dollar .
Five drops equals one milliliter .
Question :
What is the volume of water of $ 14 trillion ? ”
Instantly , I am back in high school , feeling panicked and trapped because the teacher has asked me a question that not only do I NOT know the answer to , or how to figure it out , but I do n’t even care , and I never WILL care about it because if I was ever actually on a train that was leaving Chicago towards Los Angeles , 2,000 miles away , going 60 miles an hour , and I knew that another train was leaving Los Angeles going to Chicago at 70 miles an hour , I would n’t get on the damn train !
It ’s that simple !
So I do n’t freaking CARE how long it would be before they met and they crashed into each other with a big explosion and there are bodies everywhere and what a mess , because I wo n’t be there !
I ’ll read about it !
Apparently , JMR
Alan saw the panic in my eyes , or perhaps it was the way I was reaching under my jacket preparing to shoot my way out of here if necessary , but either way , he was pretty quick coming up with the answer : “ Twenty times the volume of the Great Lakes .
That puts the entire area of the United States 50 meters underwater . ”
Wow !
I seem to remember some handsome rascal and clever bon vivant , with a twinkle in his dazzling blue eyes and a roughish grin on his boyish - yet - rugged face , say “ We ’re freaking doomed ! ” as a result of the abject stupidity of Congress and the Federal Reserve in the last 90 years or so since the Fed was created , and especially as a result of the stupidity of the last 40 years when Nixon refused to exchange dollars for gold , and doubly especially since 1997 when Alan Greenspan really started getting insane with monetary policy , and triply especially since 2008 when the unbelievably preposterous Ben Bernanke and his loathsome Federal Reserve doubled the money supply at a stroke !
At A Freaking Stroke ( AFS ) !
Doubled !
This – THIS !
– is the worst thing that could happen for those of us whose fear of hyperinflation , which is guaranteed after a hyperinflation in the money supply , makes us buy gold , silver and oil with a fearful , frantic frenzy that precludes even thinking about spouses and children , except maybe about how they are a big , heavy weight around my aching neck and my only hope is to get more gold , silver and oil , which , when I do , make the whole problem worse and worse !
I ca n’t win !
And do n’t get me started on the hassles of having a few defensive fortifications in the backyard to further protect yourself against the massive social unrest that inflation causes .
Neighbors are always whining about something , like maybe a couple of accidental shots , probably less than a hundred rounds all told , allegedly emanating from the Mogambo Bunker Of Trembling Terror ( MBOTT ) , that did n’t even hit anybody , and the only real damage was Carl ’s stupid barbeque grill , which was old , rusty and ugly to start with , and I did n’t think he would even mind , and there was some collateral damage to his stupid water heater , too , which was ditto on the old , rusty and ugly .
But the point is that the Federal Reserve is going to kill us with inflation in prices as a result of their relentless inflation in creation of money and credit as a result of the federal government deficit - spending so incredibly much money , and you should get some gold , silver and oil right away !
You will be glad you did , and you can fit a surprising lot of them in even the most modest - sized bunker , yet still have lots of room for supplies of ammunition , frozen pizzas and pornography .
So , whee !
This investing stuff is easy !
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A teenager from New Zealand has saved herself from the jaws of a shark by using her body - board to defend herself .
Fourteen - year - old Lydia
Ward said she was at a beach near the southern city of Invercargill when the shark struck .
The shark , about 1.5 m ( 4.9 ft ) in length , is reported to have lunged at her and tried to bite her hip .
Standing in water that only reached up to her waist at Oreti Beach , she said she hit the " big , grey , slippery thing " repeatedly with her body - board .
" I showed Dad and he did n't really believe me but then I showed him my wetsuit with all the blood coming out and he believed me , " Lydia told Radio New Zealand .
Although not seriously injured , Lydia required hospital treatment for two of the deeper wounds .
Her mother told a local newspaper that Lydia thought she had accidentally stood on the shark before it had attacked her .
She said neither Lydia nor her 15 - year - old brother , also in the water at the time of the attack , planned to go back into the sea in the very near future .
Shark attacks are very rare .
Researchers say that more people are killed by bee stings and lightning strikes than sharks .
Sign up for our email newsletter for the latest science news
The latest fitness fad has an unusual goal : bulking up the three pounds of mush between your ears .
Sales of “ brain fitness ” software increased from a few million dollars in 2005 to $ 80 million in 2007 , according to an estimate from the consulting firm Sharpbrains .
Plenty more products are available on the web .
Computerized cognitive training includes games that test memory , attention , and problem - solving skills , plus good old arithmetic and linguistic ability .
Brain - training websites promise improved mental stamina , the ability to concentrate for longer periods , and a better memory for directions and names — even heightened mood .
The science behind these supposed brain boosters remains promising but inconclusive .
Multiple studies in older adults indicate that on - screen exercises can slow age - related cognitive decline , but improving the cognition of other groups is another question .
Recent findings do suggest that healthy younger adults can improve their smarts as well :
The ability of twentysomethings to solve patterning problems improved after practicing on unrelated memory tests , one University of Michigan study found .
The finding suggests that skills in one game can apply to different mental challenges , similar to the way running is good for parts of the body other than just the legs .
The following six websites all offer cerebral calisthenics , mostly built around quick , free mental stimulation that ’s good for a break at work .
Those who are more serious about online brain training may want to subscribe to track their progress .
While the science sorts itself out , the websites already have one undeniable benefit :
They ’re fun
Brainist
A collection of free games and brain - related materials testing pattern - matching skills , memory , language and math skills , strategy , and more .
What ’s unique : Sheer scope .
Any and all things brainy and game -y can be found here , from number mnemonics to the most commonly used words in three languages to a speculative list of the smartest people ever .
Downsides :
The site is a bit disorganized .
You ca n’t track the gains you make in individual games .
Bonus : A classic IQ test like the one you might have taken as a teenager .
Remember what you got then ?
Summed up :
All kinds of stuff to keep you entertained , though a bit scatterbrained .
Check out the “ Strategy Games ” puzzle featuring six frogs sitting on seven rocks that must be hopped , one stone at a time , over each other ’s heads .
It ’s marvelously frustrating .
Rating : 3 lobes
Fit Brains
Comprehensive brain fitness site featuring 10 games plus a word challenge for team play .
Tests fall into five cognitive categories : memory , language , concentration , logic / reasoning , and visuospatial skills .
Sports a blog and a list of scientific advisers .
Boasts “ Guilt Free Fun ! ”
What ’s unique : Complex , richly illustrated and thought - out games with different levels and basic story lines .
For example , in “ Hidden Masterpiece ” you are a painting - repair specialist who sells reconstructed works of art at auction , testing visuospatial ability and concentration .
Downsides :
After a seven - day free trial expires , the site is $ 9.95 a month or $ 79.95 a year .
Some games may actually be too complex and time - consuming .
In “ Busy Bistro ” you scan ingredients and cooking instructions , then try to remember the items by filling out a virtual grocery list .
That ’s just for starters :
One round takes almost five minutes , and there are five more courses to follow .
Bonus :
Get real recipes from “ Busy Bistro , ” like Crab and Swiss Melts .
Summed up : Very dynamic .
Feels as if you are playing a console - based game at times .
You can subscribe to track your progress and meet other Fit Brainers .
Suitable for the committed brain athlete .
Rating : 4.5 lobes
Enjoyable time killers , including standbys like checkers , sudoku , and chess , as well as original exercises like guessing ( and then recalling ) a country ’s flag .
Probes memory , pattern - matching abilities , spatial skills , and more .
What ’s unique : Less hype — just lets you play .
Simple scoring mechanism means you spend less time worrying about the clock and more solving the problem .
Downsides :
Some of the games feel more , well , game -y than brainy .
Bonus :
After entering a ticket number earned during your workout , you can see a prize image .
Summed up : A quick one - stop site for a dose of mental gymnastics .
Lots of free games to choose from without any commitments , financial or otherwise .
But you may not stick around for very long .
Rating : 3.5 lobes
Mostly a puzzle - book shop and source for brain - gain advice ; the site also features games testing language , mathematics , and memory skills .
What ’s unique :
New types of crosswords involving letters or numbers , timed for speed .
Example : An “ alphabetic ” has only 26 spaces , one for each letter of the alphabet , which comes up just once per game .
Downsides : Games can be played only once before it ’s all reruns .
Superbasic visuals are mostly black - and - white .
Bonus : Cool crosswords !
Summed up :
Although the games are neat , getting to play them only once is a bummer .
Rating : 1 lobe
Brain Arena
Billed as “ massive multiplayer online brain - training , ” the Web site hosts contests challenging players ’ visuospatial skills , arithmetic ability , and reaction time .
What ’s unique : Competition among thousands of mind - gamers trying to beat one another ’s scores .
Winners crowned every 24 hours .
Downsides : Repetitive games that reward your quickness to click a mouse as much as your acumen .
Almost 80,000 people have joined the site , but it still feels junior varsity :
Some tasks , such as a tiered addition problem , are either poorly explained or not explained at all .
Bonus : Cheeky names for players ’ rankings :
You start off as a puny Habilis , work your way up to Sapiens — and if you keep at it , achieve Cibernetis status .
Summed up :
The site feels a bit like it ’s under development , but the league - play aspect is intriguing — especially for those with a competitive streak .
Rating : 2 lobes
A cleanly constructed site that is serious about representing the science of brain games , referencing studies and neuroscientists who support this approach to brain fitness .
Tests memory , processing speed , attention , and cognitive control , which is basically impulse restraint .
What ’s unique : Lets you set up a training program with regimented sessions and claims to offer a full workout in only 10 minutes .
Downsides : Just as expensive as Fit Brains but less visually appealing .
Some games feel more clinical than creative .
Bonus : Waddling , animated penguinlike characters are cute .
Summed up : Solid , absorbing exercises that strike a good balance between basic playability and complexity , though a bit blah at times .
After signing up , the Web site tracks your progress and tells you what to do .
After all , if you ’re doing neuro - workouts , you might as well get a personal trainer .
Rating : 4.5 lobes
OVER 7,400 people have been killed in the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians since the collapse of the Camp David peace talks in the summer of 2000 and the start of the second Palestinian uprising .
More than eight in ten of the fatalities have been Palestinians killed by Israeli security forces , according to figures compiled by B'Tselem , an Israeli human - rights group .
The early years of the uprising were the bloodiest for Israelis under attack from suicide bombers .
But security in Israel improved progressively from the spring of 2002 .
Palestinians have felt the brunt of Israeli security actions , compounded by an internal Palestinian conflict .
The Palestinian gun and suicide bomber largely gave way to rockets , of which thousands have been fired at southern Israeli towns from the Gaza Strip .
For the past year , Israelis and Palestinians have experience a lull in violence .
But how long will it last ?
AP
Even as questions are being raised about whether the swine flu scare was exaggerated to benefit pharma companies , evidence has surfaced that several members of the World Health Organisation ’s ( WHO ) vaccine board which pushed countries to buy the H1N1 vaccine have had significant ties with pharma companies .
This fact , which is bound to raise issues of conflict of interest , was exposed by Danish daily ‘ Information ’ last month .
TOI attempted to get WHO ’s response , but several emails sent to the office of the WHO director - general on January 9 met with no response .
Documents acquired through the Danish Freedom of Information Act revealed that Prof Juhani Eskola , a Finnish member of the WHO board on vaccines , ‘ Strategic Advisory Group of Experts ’ ( SAGE ) , received almost 6.3 million euros in 2009 for his vaccine research programme , THL , from the vaccine manufacturers , GSK , qualifying GSK as THL ’s main source of income .
SAGE advises WHO chief Margaret Chan and recommends which vaccines and how much of it member countries should purchase , pointed out the Danish newspaper .
Apart from Prof Juhani Eskola , who received almost 6.3 million euros for his vaccine research programme , Danish journalists reported on six other members of ‘ Strategic Advisory Group of Experts ’ ( SAGE ) with financial ties to various pharmaceutical companies .
These include Dr Peter Figueroa , Dr Neil Ferguson , Prof Malik Peiris , Dr Arnold Monto , Dr Friedrich Hayden and Dr Albert Osterhaus .
Barring Dr Figuero , who revealed that he had accepted a research grant from Merck , none of the others made any disclosures .
Many of the pharmaceutical companies with which the vaccine board members had ties , are also the manufacturers of vaccines including the H1N1 vaccine like GlaxoSmithKline ( GSK ) , Novartis , Solvay , Baxter , MedImmune and Sanofi Aventis .
None of the WHO members on the vaccine board , barring one , declared any conflict of interest despite having extensive financial ties with the pharmaceutical companies in the form of research grants and consultancies .
In a statement issued on December 3 , 2009 , WHO claims that numerous safeguards are in place to manage possible conflicts of interest or their perception .
“ Members of SAGE are required to declare all professional and financial interests , including funding received from pharmaceutical companies or consultancies or other forms of professional engagement with pharmaceutical companies .
The names and affiliations of members of SAGE and of SAGE working groups are published on the WHO web site , together with meeting reports and declarations of interest submitted by the experts .
Allegations of undeclared conflicts of interest are taken very seriously by WHO , and are immediately investigated , ” says the statement .
However , there is no such disclosure by these SAGE members on the WHO website .
In accordance with US trade law , the Office of the US Trade Representative ( USTR ) is required to conduct an annual review of the status of foreign intellectual property laws .
This review , which is referred to as Special 301 , is typically used to denounce countries that have less restrictive copyright policies than the United States .
The review process is increasingly dominated by content industry lobbyists who want to subvert US trade policy and make it more favorable to their own interests .
We have already noted the targeting of Canada for its supposedly lax copyright laws , but that is not the only nation drawing the ire of Big Content .
One of the organizations that plays a key role in influencing the Special 301 review is the International Intellectual Property Alliance ( IIPA ) , a powerful coalition that includes the RIAA , the MPAA , and the Business Software Alliance ( BSA ) .
The IIPA , which recently published its official recommendations to the USTR for the 2010 edition of the 301 review , has managed to achieve a whole new level of absurdity .
University of Edinburgh law lecturer Andres Guadamuz wrote a blog entry this week highlighting some particularly troubling aspects of the IIPA 's 301 recommendations .
The organization has condemned Indonesia and several other countries for encouraging government adoption of open source software .
According to the IIPA , official government endorsements of open source software create " trade barriers " and restrict " equitable market access " for software companies .
The profound absurdity of this accusation is exacerbated by the fact that Indonesia 's move towards open source software was almost entirely motivated by a desire to eliminate the use of pirated software within the government IT infrastructure .
It 's important to understand that Indonesia has not mandated the adoption of open source software or barred government agencies from purchasing proprietary commercial software .
The Indonesian government issued a statement in 2009 informing municipal governments that they had to stop using pirated software .
The statement said that government agencies must either purchase legally licensed commercial software or switch to free and open source alternatives in order to comply with copyright law .
This attempt by Indonesia to promote legal software procurement processes by endorsing the viability of open source software has apparently angered the IIPA .
In its 301 recommendations for Indonesia , the IIPA demands that the government rescind its 2009 statement .
According to the IIPA , Indonesia 's policy " weakens the software industry and undermines its long - term competitiveness " because open source software " encourages a mindset that does not give due consideration to the value to intellectual creations [ and ] fails to build respect for intellectual property rights . "
The number of ways in which the IIPA 's statements regarding open source software are egregiously misleading and dishonest are too numerous to count .
The IIPA seems to have completely missed the fact that there is a very robust ecosystem of commercial software vendors in the open source software market and that open source software is at the heart of some of the most popular consumer electronics products that are sold in the United States .
It has clearly become an important part of the US software economy and increasingly serves as an enabler of innovation and technological progress .
In light of the profitability of Red Hat and other open source leaders , it seems absurd to contend that open source software adoption will weaken the software industry or reduce its competitiveness .
In fact , the emergence of open source software has contributed to creating a more competitive landscape in the software industry by offering alternative business models that enable smaller companies to gain traction against the dominant incumbent players .
The IIPA 's position is profoundly hypocritical , because many parts of the US government , including the Department of Defense , have issued their own memos endorsing open source software adoption .
The IIPA 's disingenuous move to equate open source software with piracy reeks of desperation .
The BSA and other IIPA members are likely losing sleep over open source software because that development model and approach to licensing will empower developing countries to build their own domestic IT industries , eliminating the need for them to tithe to American software giants .
It 's another failing of the 301 review , which Big Content wants used to coerce other countries into adopting ever - more - stringent copyright laws .
New Delhi , India ( CNN ) --
The last member of an ancient tribe that has inhabited an Indian island chain for around 65,000 years has died , a group that campaigns for the protection of indigenous peoples has said .
Boa
Sr , who was around 85 years of age , died last week in the Andaman islands , about 750 miles off India 's eastern coast , Survival International said in a statement .
The London - based group , which works to protect indigenous peoples , said she was the last member of one of ten distinct Great Andamanese tribes , the Bo .
" The Bo are thought to have lived in the Andaman islands for as long as 65,000 years , making them the descendants of one of the oldest human cultures on earth , " it noted .
With her passing at a hospital , India also lost one of its most endangered languages , also called Bo , linguists say .
" She was the last speaker of ( the ) Bo language .
It pains to see how one by one we are losing speakers of Great Andamanese and ( their ) language is getting extinct .
( It is ) A very fast erosion of ( the ) indigenous knowledge base , that we all are helplessly witnessing , " read an obituary in Boa Sr's honor posted on the Web site of the Vanishing Voices of the Great Andamanese ( VOGA ) project .
Project director Anvita Abbi , a professor at New Delhi's Jawaharlal Nehru University , met with Boa as recently as last year .
" She was the only member who remembered the old songs , " Abbi recounted in her obituary .
" Boa Sr was the only speaker of Bo and had no one to converse with in that language , " Abbi told CNN .
Her husband and children had already died , the linguist said .
Other than Bo , she also knew local Andaman languages , which she would use to converse , according to Abbi .
Boa
Sr was believed to be the oldest of the Great Andamanese , members of ten distinct tribes .
Survival International estimates there are now just 52 Great Andamanese left .
There were believed to be 5,000 of them when the British colonized the archipelago in 1858 .
Most of those tribal communities were subsequently killed or died of diseases , says Survival International .
The British also held the indigenous tribes people captive in what was called an Andaman Home , but none of the 150 children born there survived beyond two years of age , according to the group .
Boa Sr also survived the killer Indian Ocean tsunami in 2004 .
She recorded in Bo what she saw when the giant waves arrived .
" While we were all asleep , the water rose and filled all around .
We did not get up before the water rose .
Water filled where we were and as the morning broke the water started to recede , " reads a translation of her tsunami narrative posted on the VOGA Web site .
Activists are expressing alarm over her death .
" Boa 's loss is a bleak reminder that we must not allow this to happen to the other tribes of the Andaman islands , " Survival director Stephen Corry said in the statement .
Andaman and Nicobar Islands authorities put at least five tribes in their list of vulnerable indigenous communities .
According to Corry 's group , the surviving Great Andamanese depend largely on the Indian government for food and shelter and abuse of alcohol is rife .
Among the tribes are the Sentinelese , who inhabit a 60 - square - kilometer island .
Officials believe the group is probably the world 's only surviving Paleolithic people without contact with any other community .
They said the Sentinelese are very hostile and never leave their Island .
Very little is known about them .
Do n’t Be Taken Advantage Of
Use These Steps to Prevent Re-Injury by Insurance Companies
1. Contact law enforcement :
Too often , car accident victims are talked into leaving the scene of a collision without contacting the police .
That ’s a big mistake to make because everything about an accident scene is potentially important in determining who is at fault .
Law enforcement will document important information regarding driver identification , the final resting place of the cars involved , physical evidence ( skid marks , debris , and other markings on the road ) , traffic controls , sight lines and witness statements .
Help us help you by making sure the police are called to the scene of your motor vehicle accident .
2 . Get medical attention :
A favorite ploy of insurance companies trying to avoid paying full compensation is to point to a delay in seeking medical attention .
The longer you wait to have your injuries documented by medical professionals , the greater the potential that you will not be treated fairly by an insurer .
A visit to an emergency room ( ER ) , a walk - in clinic , or your family doctor in order to have your injuries documented could prove vital in the settlement or trial of your personal injury claim .
3. Consult with an experienced personal injury lawyer :
Protecting injured people from further loss is the first objective of any qualified personal injury lawyer .
In the early days after a car accident or a truck accident , injured people can make unknowing errors that may have devastating effects on their claim down the road .
An experienced Milwaukee car accident attorney , like those at our law firm , can help prevent those errors and ensure that the legal rights of injured people are fully protected .
4 . Do n’t give recorded statements :
Insurance companies often contact auto accident victims soon after an accident to take a recorded statement either in person or over the phone .
You should know you are under no obligation to provide such a statement to anyone else ’s insurance company , and if you are dealing with your own insurer , you have the right to have your lawyer present when such a statement is taken .
Often , injuries take several days to fully show themselves , and early statements documenting an injury often come back to haunt an injured person .
Stick to your rights ; do n’t talk to any insurance company without consulting with experienced Milwaukee car accident attorneys .
5 . Do n’t assume your insurer is on your side :
Insurance companies are all over television assuring the public they want to treat people who have suffered losses with the utmost caring and concern .
That simply is not the case .
Insurance companies — even your own — make their money by taking in the highest possible premiums and paying lowest possible amount in claims , even to their own insured .
Insurance adjusters will tell you they are on your side and they want to fully compensate you for the damages you have suffered .
THIS ISN ’T TRUE .
DON ’T BELIEVE IT .
The only way you will be treated fairly is to be well represented in negotiations by your own experienced attorney .
A health insurance provider is under fire for refusing to pay for a treatment that might save a young boy ’s life .
Five - year - old Kyler VanNocker of Pennsylvania is ailing from a lethal childhood cancer known as neuroblastoma , and his insurer HealthAmerica is refusing to pay for the only known treatment that can save his life , reports Ronnie Polaneczky for the Philadelphia Daily News .
ADVERTISEMENT
In response , VanNocker ’s parents Paul and Maria have filed a lawsuit against the insurance company claiming its alleged decision to refuse coverage for their son is based on “ a biased , self - serving misreading and misinterpretation ” of his medical records and their own policies .
“ These companies have to be brought to the courthouse to get them to do the right thing , ” David Senoff , the attorney representing the VanNockers told the Daily News , suggesting the five - year - old will die if he does not receive care .
HealthAmerica ’s apparent rationale is that the efficacy of the treatment in question , MIGB therapy , has not been approved by the Food and Drug Administration and is not substantiated strongly by “ peer - reviewed ” medical literature .
But the lawsuit points out that two treatments meeting neither of these criteria had been offered to VanNocker by the same insurance company in 2008 .
Both were successful in averting severe health consequences for the five - year - old .
VanNocker ’s oncologist told the Daily News last year that the MIGB therapy is the “ standard of care ” for neuroblastoma and “ the results are often very good . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
His health problems have re-surged , and the VanNockers allege HealthAmerica is unjustly denying necessary care their son is entitled to under their insurance plan .
Kendall Marcoccia , a spokesperson for HealthAmerica , declined to comment .
Eliminating loopholes that allow insurance companies to deny benefits to customers with pre-existing conditions is a key component of the Democratic health care legislation that ’s been approved by the House and Senate but remains in limbo .
ADVERTISEMENT
HealthAmerica is headquartered in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania and serves employees of roughly 11,000 organizations across the state , according to the database ZoomInfo .
On MSNBC ’s Countdown with Keith Olbermann on Tuesday evening , the first ‘ Quick Comment ’ gets right to the point , and as Olbermann points out , “ The little picture from health care reform remains much bigger than the big picture . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Kyler Van Nocker has cancer , ” Olbermann explains .
“ It was in remission , it ’s back now .
The doctors have a do or die treatment that his insurance company considers investigational / experimental , so it will not pay for it . ”
“ Just a coincidence that the latest therapy for which it will not pay costs $ 110,000 for two treatments . ”
Kyler ’s father Paul attempted to appeal HealthAmerica ’s decision , and that appeal was denied .
“ They have a plan for Kyler , ” says Paul angrily .
“ Their plan is for him to die . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Fortunately , ” Olbermann continues , “ Kyler Van Nocker ’s hospital is giving it [ treatment ] to him free while he sues HealthAmerica . ”
The following Youtube video is from the MSNBC Countdown show originally aired on Tues. , Feb. 9 , 2010 .
— Sahil Kapur contributed to this report
by Guest
contribution by Adam Ramsay
Today we will serve the Treasury with legal proceedings .
We are trying to stop them allowing RBS to pump public money into fossil fuel projects driving us towards climate catastrophe .
As I discussed a week ago , the Royal Bank of Scotland have long been Europe ’s dirtiest bank .
Since the bail - out just over a year ago , they have poured billions of pounds of public money into fossil fuel extraction projects driving wars , human rights abuses and climate change around the world .
Their climate impact is so high that , according to this recent report ( pdf ) the government could potentially do more about global emissions through active ownership of RBS than through all UK domestic activity .
They have also funded , with our money , projects which risk : inflaming wars in central Africa , destroying pristine arctic wilderness and systematically abuse workers .
We thought there must be laws to prevent such abuses of public money .
It turns out that there are .
The Green Book is a set of guidelines about the cost - benefit analysis the government has to go through when it takes a major decision .
The book makes it clear that environmental impacts must be considered .
And so we have been engaged in a long running legal battle with the Treasury , challenging their failure to properly assess the impacts of their laissez faire approach to RBS ’ strategic decision to become the major financier of the fossil fuel extraction industry driving us to the brink of climate catastrophe .
And despite this legal case , the government has failed to budge .
In November , they once more bailed out RBS .
And once again , they imposed no conditions preventing the bank from funding with our money some of the most destructive projects on Earth .
And so , once more , we will see them in court .
As a network of students and young people , joining with two relatively small NGOs this is not something we do lightly .
But for us , this case is not about the abstract notion of future changes to the earth ’s climatic systems .
For us , climate change is personal .
The second half of my life will be defined by decisions made in the next few years .
And we will not , without a fight , allow Alistair Darling to shrug as billions of pounds of our money is used to prop up the very projects endangering our future .
— — — — ——
–
Adam Ramsay works for student campaigning network People & Planet .
Along with The World Development Movement and Platform they are taking the Treasury to court .
CROSS -REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATIONS
Not Applicable
FEDERALLY SPONSORED RESEARCH
Not Applicable
SEQUENCE LISTING OR PROGRAM
Not Applicable
FIELD OF THE INVENTION
This invention relates to land area conserving and easy to install burial containers which can be pressed , agitated , screwed , self bored or by other means set into earth or other receiving materials and do not require a large amount of land area or a large pre-dug rectangular hole with subsequent refilling after the placement of the burial container .
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION
A common current interment practice is to first move a body to a mortuary where it is prepared for funeral services .
In cases where a body is unclaimed , it is usually provided with minimum preparation and burial , paid for by public funds .
A claimed body , after mortuary preparation , is usually placed in an ascetically pleasing casket and either displayed in an open casket funeral service or the casket alone is visible in a closed casket service .
Often , after an indoor service the body and casket are moved to a prepared grave site in a cemetery , where a final service is performed .
At the prepared grave site the casket containing the body is set either on or in a box like crypt during a grave side funeral service , if one is conducted .
None of these burial services need be changed for the use of an Easy Inter Burial Container .
Several types of Easy Inter Burial Containers are designed to be set on a floral or otherwise decorated box for open or closed casket funeral services in an in door or out door environment .
Currently the prepared grave is often a rectangular excavation approximately four feet wide by seven and a half feet long by six and a half feet deep .
Walkways are left on all sides of the grave for later visitors , making a total of over 50 square feet of ground area to be set aside for each grave .
The Easy Inter Burial Container method requires only about one third of the land area used for current burials .
The removed earth or other receiving material from the current - type grave excavation is usually piled next to the grave site and covered during a grave side funeral service , if one is conducted .
After funeral services , the casket and or box like crypt are lowered to the bottom of the prepared grave excavation and the removed receiving material is shoveled back into the excavation .
In a Easy Inter Burial Container interment there is not the large volume of earth or receiving material to dig out and later replace , as from a current type grave excavation .
In current type burials , the removed receiving material is replaced and continuously tamped to slightly above the ground level of the excavation to reduce later settling and the showing of a depression .
The extra material , left over because of the displacement of the coffin and or box like crypt , is hauled away .
Ground cover , such as grass , is then restored over the site .
In an Easy Inter Burial Container burial , the receiving material from a relatively smaller hole is all that is left over and can be easily removed or scattered lightly over the surrounding area .
In current type burials , additional digging and preparation is often undertaken to provide for the installation of a headstone , plaque marker or monument and the installation of flower and flag receptacles for persons to later pay respects and honor the deceased .
Provisions for plaques , markers , monuments , flower receptacles and flag receptacles are regularly built into Easy Inter Burial Containers .
With an eye to future grave site maintenance , a number of tops and end pieces , which will show at the grave site , are made very low to insure power mower clearance and some even have small channels around their outside edges for weed killer to mitigate the normal encroachment of the cemetery 's ground cover .
Cemetery properties are usually selected and developed in costly , but pleasant areas with level and softer earth or other receiving materials .
Roads , landscaping , fences , monuments , statues , trees , ponds and other items are added for utility and aesthetics .
The cost of each grave site , and thus each burial , is relative to the number of grave sites on the developed cemetery property .
The future business of a cemetery is based not only on maintenance of filled graves , but on the number of empty grave sites remaining within the cemetery .
With the Easy Inter Burial Container method a cemetery has about three times the potential grave sites as in current practice .
In addition Easy Inter Burial Containers can be readily installed in ponds , steeply sloped land and very near to trees , adding greatly to the available grave site total in a cemetery .
The labor currently required to prepare a grave , perform a burial and return a site to a finished condition adds significantly to the high cost of each burial .
The Easy Inter Burial Container method eliminates the need for a large rectangular excavation , the extensive subsequent refilling , and the later excavation for installation of grave markers and plaques .
It should be noted here that many cemeteries are discouraging the erection of monuments which rise above ground cover level , because of the difficulty of mowing around them with the presently used large power mowers .
These cemeteries usually charge more for a grave site with a monument , with the additional amount going into the ongoing maintenance fund .
All in all , the Easy Inter Burial Container method significantly reduces the cost of each grave site and each burial and approximately triple the business potential for each existing and new cemetery .
OBJECTS OF THE INVENTION
It is a main object of this invention to greatly reduce the cost of each grave site by significantly reducing the land area required for each burial .
It is another object of this invention to reduce the cost of a burial by significantly reducing the amount of excavation and replacement of the receiving material and ground cover replanting for each burial .
It is an object of this invention to greatly reduce the secondary labor currently required to finish a grave site after interment by providing for plaque , monument , flag and flower placement as an integral part of the burial container .
An additional object of the invention is to provide for the use of less expensive land for grave sites by providing a means to inter bodies in horizontal , sloping or near vertical land surfaces not currently used .
Another object of the subject invention is to provide a means to more easily inter bodies under water , especially in shallow , tranquil ponds and lakes .
A further object of the invention is to greatly reduce walking on existing graves by persons visiting a cemetery .
And yet an additional object of the invention is to provide an easy method by which to inter pets and appropriately mark the site .
It is still another object of this invention to provide a means to disinter a body without extensive re-excavation of the original grave .
It is an additional object of this invention to provide a means to quickly and easily lodge materials under earth , ground , sand or other receiving material surfaces in such a manner as to be hidden , but easily accessible to certain parties knowing the location .
OPERATING PRINCIPALS AND PREFERRED EMBODIMENT
Although the preferred embodiment of this invention is to use a Easy Inter Burial Container with a strong hull , tapered toward the base end , with wide , close spaced threads spiraled around its exterior , a wrench driven opposite end , and power equipment to make the installation , there are numerous alternate variations in design and installation methods shown herein which are required to meet the needs of different environments and social conditions and are entirely within the scope of this invention .
In a primary embodiment of this invention , following mortuary preparations , the body , FIG .
1 , 150 , is placed in a cloth covered padded and pillowed body tray , 151 , which is made to fit the shape of a body as well as the inside of a externally threaded screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container .
The body and body tray are temporarily placed inside a lavish display casket , 152 , shown in FIG .
1 with its lid , 153 , in the open position , for an open casket funeral service .
The lavish casket is not buried with the body .
After a funeral service the body and tray are enclosed within a sturdy shroud , 155 , which is securely attached to the tray , 151 , thus holding the body firmly in the tray .
The tray , body and shroud are then placed into a Easy Inter Burial Container hull , 154 .
A sealing gasket , 157 , ( FIGS .
4 & 5 ) is fixed in place and which ever type of top is used is screwed or set into or onto the Easy Inter Burial Container hull , 154 , and secured in place .
If a screw in or screw on top is used , the direction of the threads of the top or cap , 149 , FIG .
3 , must match the direction of the hull 's exterior threads , 160 , FIGS .
5 and 6 , or fins , 192 , FIG. 20 and or 197 , FIG .
23 , on the outside of the Easy Inter Burial Container .
This ensures that the top tightens rather than loosens during the installation process .
Thread matching is not required if the top is pressed over or into the Easy Inter Burial Container hull and is fastened to the hull with cement , bars , bolts or other devices of sufficient strength to prevent the top from turning during the screw in or the press in and agitate installation process of several types of Easy Inter Burial Containers .
As can be noted by the figures illustrated herein , the top cap and the top portion of screw in type Easy Inter Burial Containers with screw in or on top caps are made with a number of different internal and external configurations to be handled by an agitating and or turning devices .
In some of this type of Easy Inter Burial Containers , lands are formed on the top itself or on the upper portion of the hulls to facilitate the action necessary to cause it to force its way into the earth , sand , soil or other receiving material .
Other configurations of this type include placing a bar or bars through the top or the upper portion of the Easy Inter Burial Container to be used to rotate , agitate , press or otherwise handle the container for installation .
Many of the different configurations of tops , top surfaces and upper portions of container hulls have built in receptacles for markers , plaques , flowers and flag poles .
High rising plaques , markers or monuments , such as 208 in FIG .
24 , which are currently discouraged by an increasing number of cemeteries because they create later mowing and maintenance problems , also create installation problems , but are easily handled by Easy Inter Burial Container methods .
The wrenching or gripping device used for container installation into the receiving material is made to reach over , around or from the side to make the installation .
An alternative is to only attach the hardware to the top or end section and attach the plaque , marker or monument to the hardware after installation of the Easy Inter Burial Container into the receiving material .
Other similar items can be installed after installation of a Easy Inter Burial Container by drilling into the top and attaching these items or by removing the top and attaching the plaque , marker or monument through the top .
An optional methods is to use a deep reaching wench or gripping device which reaches over the monument or plaque and attaches to the top driven surfaces of the Easy Inter Burial Container .
Removing the top after this type of screw in Easy Inter Burial Container is in place in the receiving material requires the removal of any top securing devices such as shown as item 160 , FIG .
4 . Such securing devices are currently used on items such as automotive wheel lug nuts to deter theft .
One such securing device consists of a bolt with a locking head screwed through a preset hollow nut , sometimes called a tube - nut , placed on the inside of the Easy Inter Burial Container , immediately above the top threads .
The bolts interfere with the top threads and prevent the top from being turned for removal .
If markers or monuments are installed on this type of Easy Inter Burial Container , removal of the top requires the use of a deep socket wrench device which fits over the attached plaque , marker or monument and satisfactorily engages the flat lands or bosses made to receive and be rotated by the wrench .
As an alternative to the socket wrench device , a flat wrench fitting the flat lands or bosses on the screw in or on top or upper portion can be used to rotate and extract a externally screw threaded or angled fin Easy Inter Burial Container .
To prepare a grave site for this screw in type of Easy Inter Burial Container installation , a drilling auger , such as those commonly used on a power - take - off attached on the working arm of a tractor backhoe , is used to bore a pilot hole in the direction of the intended Easy Inter Burial Container installation ( See FIG . 28 ) .
The depth of this hole is usually about half the length of the Easy Inter Burial Container and approximately half its diameter , depending upon the type and condition of the earth or receiving material in which the burial is to be made .
Adding an amount of water to the hole aids in causing the earth or receiving material to displace and more readily pack around the Easy Inter Burial Container as well as helps lubricate the passage of the hull and threads or fins during installation .
The external threads or fins on this type of Easy Inter Burial Container are made to be open pitch for more rapid installation into softer , more easily displaced receiving material , such as sandy soil , or more closely spaced for firmer , more resistant receiving materials , such as higher clay content soils .
Hull external threads are also made continuous or intermittent with double lead and in left and right hand configuration , while hull fins are directed left or right and angled shallow or deep , depending upon the conditions of the receiving material into which the Easy Inter Burial Container is to be installed .
The hole digging auger , 213 , FIG .
28 , is removed from the power output shaft on the end of the arm on the tractor backhoe and two other common pieces of hardware are attached .
The uppermost attachment is a socket wrench tool , 217 , FIG .
29 , the shaft of which is fitted to the same power output shaft as that used by the formerly installed hole digging auger , 213 , FIG .
28 .
The lower end of the socket wrench tool , 217 , FIG .
29 , fits the flats , lands , bosses or other driven members of this type of Easy Inter Burial Container top or the upper portion of a main hull of this type of Easy Inter Burial Container .
The second powered tool , attached below the socket wrench tool , to the end of the tractor backhoe arm , is a commonly used drum or barrel handling grab - and - rotate device .
The tractor backhoe manipulates its arm end rotator , 215 , ( FIG. 30 ) , with the two attached tools , to a position over and around the top of this type of Easy Inter Burial Container .
Once the socket wrench tool is properly fitted onto or into the driven shape of the top or the upper portion of the hull of a Easy Inter Burial Container , the barrel grab - and - rotate unit , 216 , is tightened around the Easy Inter Burial Container , 218 .
This type of screw in Easy Inter Burial Container is then moved to the augered pilot hole , positioned to align its tapered end with the hole and pushed into the hole .
The shaft of the drive motor , 212 , is activated to turn the socket wrench , 217 , in the proper direction to cause the Easy Inter Burial Container to turn its way in a screw like fashion into the receiving material ( See FIG . 31 ) .
Water may be added to the hole to soften the receiving material and assist the passage of the threads or fins and the hull .
Should the receiving material be of a harder or more dense material than expected , a drilling nose can be attached to assist installation .
( See 199 , FIG . 23 .)
As the Easy Inter Burial Container is turned , the threads or fins pull it into the receiving material , following the line of the hole , and the material around the hole is forced outward , causing compaction of the receiving material and creating a tight fit around the Easy Inter Burial Container .
A small amount of displacement and uplifting occurs around the top of a Easy Inter Burial Container as it nears the surface of the receiving material .
This displacement causes a gradual rise of the receiving material from somewhere outside the Easy Inter Burial Container up to the container itself ( See FIGS. 24 , 25 and 26 ) .
This rise does not usually interfere with power mowing and adds a pleasant effect around the top of the Easy Inter Burial Container .
If the area where the Easy Inter Burial Container is installed , is covered with grass , or other such ground cover , the grass or ground cover is usually just pushed outward and up and covers the slight rise and only minimum labor is required to even it out .
A less sophisticated , but effective embodiment of this invention is to use manual labor to install a screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container .
The body handling and preparation is the same for a manual labor installation as for a power equipment installation .
Once the body has been placed in the Easy Inter Burial Container , the container is sealed and carried to the grave site .
At the center of the grave site a two to three foot deep hole , about one to two feet in diameter is dug .
A Easy Inter Burial Container of the finned or screw thread type is positioned with its tapered end in the hole and held in place .
For small , pet size , Easy Inter Burial Containers of the finned or screw thread type , handles are inserted into the top or the upper portion of the hull or a fabricated socket fitting the driven shape of the top or upper portion of the hull is fitted and the container is screwed into the receiving material to the desired depth .
( See FIGS. 44 to 60 . )
On child size Easy Inter Burial Containers of this type ( see FIG . 45 ) , one or more persons hold the unit in line with the hole , insert handles into the top or the upper portion of the hull or into a fabricated socket which fits the driven shape of the top or upper portion of the hull and the container is screwed into the receiving material to the desired depth .
( See FIG . 45 . )
On larger finned or screw thread types of manual Easy Inter Burial Container installations , cited herein as preferred embodiment , heavy bands with handle receptacles ( See FIGS. 48 and 49 ) are installed and tightened over bridging sticks ( see FIG . 50 ) on the hull .
Handles are fitted into the band receptacles and the unit is lifted into alignment with the pre-dug pilot hole .
Several people hold the unit in alignment with the hole while a number of others use the handles fitted into the heavy bands to turn the Easy Inter Burial Container to screw it into the receiving material .
As the lowest band nears the surface of the receiving material , it is removed or moved upward and the turning process is continued .
If the persons manually installing this type of Easy Inter Burial Container wish to set the container lower than the height of the last band with handles , and a top is used that does not have handle receptacles , a capstan wheel like device ( See FIG . 52 ) , with a wrench made to fit a driven top or the upper portion of a hull ( See FIGS .
51 , 53 , 54 , 55 and 56 ) or a two stud device fitting the flower receptacles of a top ( See FIG .
59 ) is used to additionally turn the unit and set it deeper , as illustrated herein ( See FIG . 60 ) .
Setting an Easy Inter Burial Container as deep as possible is usually only important when future maintenance of the cemetery includes mowing the grass with power equipment and a near level surface is desired .
Some screw in types of Easy Inter Burial Containers are split lengthwise to act as conventional caskets or coffins during funeral services and some are made with one piece hulls and end caps .
Both of these types incorporate continuous or intermittent , close or open spaced , left or right hand external threads around their exterior , depending on the type of soil or receiving material into which they are to be buried .
Intermittent threads are much like a series of similarly angled fins which cause the unit to be pulled into the receiving material as it is rotated .
There are a number of other ramifications of the invention which accomplish the objectives stated herein .
A basic variation is a Easy Inter Burial Container made to look like a currently used coffin or casket for display of the body during funeral services .
After funeral services , the contents are securely retained within the container and a sturdy exterior head piece with provision for marker , plaque , flower and flag receptacles is installed .
The entire unit and its contents are lifted by the headpiece and manipulated to effect satisfactory interment into the receiving material .
( See FIG . 82 .)
A further variation on this design is to attach a pointed nose piece with sharp edges on the opposite end from the head piece and rotate and press the unit into earth or other receiving materials .
( See FIG. 90 .)
This design bores its own final hole for interment .
Another self boring type of Easy Inter Burial Container has screw threads or angled fins , similar to several other designs shown as part of this invention and is split lengthwise in a manner like a current casket or coffin so it can be used in conventional funeral services .
It has its screw threads extending outward from the tapered hull to approximately the diameter of the largest end of the Easy Inter Burial Container and has cutting edges on the lower end of these screw threads .
The purpose of this configuration is to have it bore its own hole and loosen and re-distributes the earth or receiving material when rotated in the correct direction for installation in a grave site .
( See FIGS . 64 , 65 and 66 . )
A further Easy Inter Burial Container design which self digs is built in several configurations .
Some configurations are split lengthwise to be used as display caskets in conventional funeral services while some have a non-split hull with a top similar to several of the screw in Easy Inter Burial Container types shown herein .
All of this design have digging blades extending outward from near the bottom of the tapered end of the hull to approximately the diameter of the top of the hull and additional extensions from the cutting blades upward along the side of the hull to cause the loosened earth or other receiving to move upward and out of the hole when the hull is rotated in the correct direction .
( See FIGS . 67 and 76 .)
A non-self - digging type of Easy Inter Burial Container has a smooth and tapered hull , either split lengthwise like presently used caskets , for current type open casket funerals or is made as a single piece hull with a top .
The single piece hull with a top design is used where the body is to be displayed in a show casket and later moved to the Easy Inter Burial Container or a closed casket funeral service is conducted .
This design is pressed and occasionally agitated into a pre-dug or bored hole , usually smaller in diameter than the hull .
Several other Easy Inter Burial Container designs used for pressing and agitating into pre-dug or bored holes incorporate protrusions on the lower portion of their hulls to assist in breaking up firmer earth or other receiving materials .
This design is also made in a split hull configuration for use in funeral services or is made as a non -split hull with a top , similar to several of the screw in designs .
( See FIGS. 108 to 114 . )
It should be noted here that the interior of all Easy Inter Burial Container designs are made to fit their intended content , such as a human body , including several made large enough to hold a conventional casket or coffin and yet achieve the advantages of saving cemetery space and burial labor .
A main benefit of this invention is in the conservation of land area usage .
It allows far more interments per land area than by current practice , plus it provides a means to inter bodies very near to trees and in ponds and lakes on the cemetery property .
Pond and lake grave sites provide a strikingly tranquil and pleasant environment .
Easy Inter Burial Containers are used not only vertically , but horizontally or angularly in trench side , hillside or cliff face burials , thus using land space not readily available for burials by current interment means .
The Easy Inter Burial Container method conserves labor by greatly reducing the large size grave excavation and the need to extensively refill and replant as in current burials .
A Easy Inter Burial Container provides for the dignity of a deceased person to stand erect for all time and greatly reduces disrespectful walking on graves by later visitors .
The top of the Easy Inter Burial Container with or without its plaque , marker or monument , is visible and the burial itself is directly beneath the top .
A top or top cap can be locked securely to the Easy Inter Burial Container , but can be unlocked and opened with the proper tools .
Easy Inter Burial Containers are made using a wide range of materials , such as plastic , cement , concrete , wood , fired clay and metal .
Mold formed fiberglass and plastic , cement and concrete are the most common .
Optional , but more expensive , methods are forming and carving a Easy Inter Burial Container from wood or machining it from metal .
Different materials are used to accomplish different requirements , ranging from the need for very inexpensive burials to elaborately striking and ceremonial burials .
An elaborately striking interment may require a Easy Inter Burial Container of highly polished metal , wood or even clear plastic .
A clear plastic Easy Inter Burial Container , where the body is additionally encased in clear resin and is standing erect for all to view during installation , creates a very impressive image .
The majority of equipment used for a Easy Inter Burial Container installation is in common use .
Backhoes , tractors , augers and drum or barrel handlers are commonly available .
Several easily fabricated vise like gripping devices and socket wrenches welded from plate steel to match the driven portion of Easy Inter Burial Container hulls or tops are all that may be required by the interring cemetery .
A cemetery may even do away with the more sophisticated and motorized tools and perform Easy Inter Burials manually .
Another feature of the Easy Inter Burial Container is an option where holes may be provided in the lower portions of the hull to return the body to the earth .
The Easy Inter Burial Containers , with security locked tops are also used for multiple interment of ashes .
Should a full disinterment be required , the Easy Inter Burial Container is raised from the receiving material using the same equipment as used for installation .
In such disinterments the locking or securing devices are left in place to provide a transfer of force from the gripping or wrenching device to the main hull .
Should a minor disinterment be required of a hull and top cap type , such as for DNA sampling or to add ashes of another person or personal effects , the securing devices are removed and only the top is opened .
Easy Inter Burial Containers are also used in ways other than to provide for the burial of human and pet remains .
Easy Inter Burial Containers are filled with food , water or other material , securely sealed and quickly installed .
An optional installation is to install a through - hull fitting , evacuate the air , refill it with an inert gas , and use it for long term storage .
Such containers are easily hidden in most surfaces of the earth and are accessible only to those knowing the location .
Other embodiments , ramifications and combinations of the different designs shown herein for Easy Inter Burial Containers and their interment methods are equally preferred depending upon local conditions and social preferences .
DESCRIPTION OF FIGURES
FIG .
1 shows a body , 150 , resting in a form fitting body tray , 151 , which is set into a lavish casket , 152 , with its lid open , 153 , for funeral services .
FIG .
2 shows the body tray , 151 , with the body , 150 , covered with a sturdy retention shroud , 155 , which is fastened securely to the body tray , 151 , being inserted into a externally threaded screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container hull , 154 , shown in cut - away cross section , which has internal threads , 148 , to receive the top cap .
FIG .
3 is a cross section of a screw in top cap for an externally threaded screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container showing how hardware , 161 , is set through the top , 156 , which fits the Easy Inter Burial Container shown in FIGS .
2 and 5 by way of its threads , 149 .
FIG .
4 is an enlarged cut - away view of the joint between a top , 156 , and a hull , 154 , with a gasket , 157 , and shows a toggle bolt , 160 , used to secure the top from easy removal .
FIG .
5 illustrates a cut away cross section of a screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container in the erect position , with a hull , 154 , a form fitting body tray , 151 , shroud , 155 , body , 150 , top cap , 156 , gasket , 157 , and top cap retaining toggle bolt , 159 .
FIG .
6 is a side view of the exterior of the Easy Inter Burial Container shown in FIG .
5 , with a monument , 158 , installed on the top , 156 , a hull , 154 , with external threads , 160 .
FIG . 7 is a top view of the Easy Inter Burial Container in FIG .
8 , showing six lands , 165 , on which to fit a wrench and rotate the hull and cause the threads , 167 , to pull the Easy Inter Burial Container into the receiving material .
FIG .
8 is a side view of a screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container hull , 166 , having open spaced , left hand threads , 167 , driven lands , 165 , as a part of the upper portion of the hull , 166 , with a cut - away section at the upper right , showing a gasket , 169 , and internal threads , 168 , into which a screw - in top cap , such as those shown in FIGS .
11 , 12 , 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 and 17 may be fitted , provided the threads of the top cap are of the same rotation direction as the external threads , 167 , on the outside of the hull , 166 .
FIG . 9 is a top view of the Easy Inter Burial Container hull in FIG .
10 , showing an octagonally shaped set of lands , 170 , on the upper portion of the hull , 173 , and its external screw in hull threads , 174 .
FIG . 10 is a side view of a screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container hull , 173 , having close spaced , left hand threads , 174 , driving lands , 170 , as a part of the upper portion of the hull , with a cut - away section at the upper right , showing the gasket , 172 , and the internal threads , 171 , into which a screw - in top cap , such as those shown in FIGS .
11 , 12 , 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 and 17 may be fitted , provided the threads of the top are of the same rotation direction as the external threads , 174 , on the hull , 173 .
FIG . 11 is an oblique view of a top cap showing a round recess for the attachment of a plaque or marker and a hex shaped series of lands , 175 , by which to turn the top and the Easy Inter Burial Container for installation .
Also shown is a small channel , 161 , around the periphery in which to place weed killer to reduce ground cover encroachment .
FIG . 12 is an oblique view of a top showing a flat surface , 176 , for placement of a plaque or marker , a flower receptacle , 177 , a flag pole receptacle , 178 , and flat areas forming a square , 179 , onto which is fitted a wrench or driver socket to rotate and install the Easy Inter Burial Container in earth or other receiving materials .
Also shown is a small channel , 162 , around the periphery in which to place weed killer to reduce ground cover encroachment .
FIG . 13 shows a Easy Inter Burial Container top having a cross shaped recess , 180 , which can be used to install the Easy Inter Burial Container , and later receive a plaque , marker or monument , and also having a flower receptacle and flag pole holder .
FIG .
14 is an oblique view of a top with a rectangular recess for plaque , marker or monument mounting , flower receptacles and flag pole holes and bosses , 181 , for receiving a wrenching device to rotate the Easy Inter Burial Container for its installation .
FIG . 15 is an oblique view of a top cap with a square installation recess , 183 , which is used later for a plaque or marker , flag pole and flower receptacles , hardware holes , 182 , for plaque or monument mounting and also showing the threads , 184 , by which it is screwed into a Easy Inter Burial Container hull .
Also shown is a small channel , 163 , around the periphery in which to place weed killer to reduce ground cover encroachment .
FIG. 16 is a cross section of the Easy Inter Burial Container top cap in FIG .
15 , showing its recessed flat area , 183 , to receive a plaque or marker , screw - in threads , 184 , to fit a Easy Inter Burial Container hull having internal threads , and holes , 182 , through which hardware is fitted to attach a plaque , marker or monument .
Also shown is a small channel , 163 , around the periphery in which to place weed killer to reduce ground cover encroachment .
FIG . 17 is a cut- away cross section of a Easy Inter Burial Container top having a flat area , 185 , screw in threads , 186 , a hole laterally through the top cap , and a bar , 187 , fitted through the hole to be used to receive a wrenching device to rotate and install the Easy Inter Burial Container .
FIG. 18 is a top view of the Easy Inter Burial Container top shown in FIG .
19 , illustrating a rectangular recess for a plaque , marker or monument , and showing a hex shaped configuration , 190 , of flat lands by which a matching wrenching device is used to turn the Easy Inter Burial Container for installation .
FIG. 19 is a side view of the screw on Easy Inter Burial Container top shown in FIG .
18 , having a raised section on which can be mounted a plaque , marker or monument , internal threads to fit a hull as shown in FIG .
20 , and showing a hex shaped set of lands , 190 , to receive a installation wrenching device .
FIG. 20 is a side view of a Easy Inter Burial Container hull , 193 , having external left hand angled fins or intermittent threads , 192 , for more retention into the receiving material , and different external left hand threads , 191 , at its upper portion , to receive the left hand screw on top shown in FIGS .
18 and 19 .
FIG. 21 is a top view of the Easy Inter Burial Container press on top , also shown in FIG .
22 , illustrating a rectangular recess for a plaque , marker or monument , and showing a four sided configuration of lands , 194 , by which to allow a matching wrench device to turn the top and the screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container for installation .
FIG. 22 is a cross section view of a press - on Easy Inter Burial Container top as shown in FIG .
21 having through holes , 195 , for insertion of a bar or bars by which to turn the unit and later insert security devices , to fit a Easy Inter Burial Container hull as shown in FIG .
23 , and a raised section on which can be mounted a plaque , marker or monument .
FIG. 23 is a side view of a Easy Inter Burial Container hull having right hand intermittent external threads or fins , 197 , no top threads , and through holes , 196 , directly in the main hull , 198 , into which bars are used to turn the unit and later bolts or locks to secure the top , plus an attached auxiliary auger nose , 199 , to assist installation into firmer receiving materials .
FIG. 24 illustrates vertical positioning of two externally threaded Easy Inter Burial Containers , with their tops showing , 205 , a plaque , 206 , attached on the left unit and a cross monument , 208 , attached on the right unit , with displaced and raised receiving material , 207 , shown in the cut - away cross section .
FIG. 25 illustrates near horizontal positioning of two externally threaded screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container installations in a steep hillside or the sidewall of an embankment or trench , with their tops showing , 205 , a plaque , 206 , attached on the upper unit with displaced and raised receiving material , 207 , shown in the cut - away cross section next to the upper unit .
FIG. 26 illustrates two diagonally installed screw in type Easy Inter Burial Containers , with their tops showing , 205 , plaques , 206 , attached on both units , with displaced and raised receiving material , 207 , shown in the cut - away cross section of the left hand unit .
FIG . 27 is a view of four screw in type Easy Inter Burial Containers placed in a shallow water area , such as a pond or lake within a cemetery , with three of the Easy Inter Burial Containers having tops , 205 , below the water level and special , topical monuments , such as the cross , 208 , showing above the water level and the unit on the right having its top and plaque , 206 , above the water level , but still surrounded by water .
FIG . 28 shows how a tractor or backhoe , 210 , with a rear mounted work arm having at its end , 214 , a rotator , 215 , and an angled adaptor , 211 , onto which is mounted a hydraulic motor , 212 , driving an auger , 213 , making a pilot hole and a drum handler , 216 , with which to position a Easy Inter Burial Container .
FIG . 29 is an oblique picture of equipment on the end of a tractor backhoe arm as in FIG .
28 , showing the angle adaptor , 211 , hydraulic motor , 212 , barrel drum handler , 216 , arm end , 214 , rotator , 215 , and a socket wrench , 217 , to fit the top of a screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container and rotate it for installation .
FIG . 30 is an oblique drawing of a tractor backhoe , 210 , angled adaptor , 211 , hydraulic motor , 212 , barrel drum handler , 216 , arm end , 214 , rotator , 215 , socket wrench , 217 , with a screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container , 218 , being picked up for installation .
FIG . 31 illustrates the positioning of a tractor backhoe , 210 , angled adaptor , 211 , barrel drum handler , 216 , arm end , 214 , socket wrench , 217 , and a screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container , 218 , fitted into a pilot hole and being rotated by the hydraulic motor , 212 , for installation .
FIG. 32 is a top view of the screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container shown in FIG .
36 , with a flag pole receptacle , 224 , a flower receptacle , 226 , the top itself , 220 , one of six flat sections or lands , 221 , on the main body by which a wrench , shown elsewhere , will rotate the unit , 223 , so that the hull 's external screw threads , 222 , will pull the container into the receiving material .
FIG . 33 is an enlarged view of the upper left cut away portion of the drawing in FIG .
36 , showing the relationship of the Easy Inter Burial Container top , 220 , the main hull , 223 and a tube nut , 230 , fitted from the inside , protruding out into the upper rim of the main hull and into which is fitted a flush bolt , 229 , to deter the removal of the top .
FIG . 34 is a view looking up from below the Easy Inter Burial Container shown in FIG .
36 , emphasizing the cutting edges , 228 , on the self drilling nose .
FIG. 35 is a view of only the bottom portion of a Easy Inter Burial Container , such as the one shown in FIG .
36 , with cutting plates , 232 , bolted to the self drilling cutting edges to facilitate installation into firmer or harder receiving materials and having digging tabs , 231 , to break up and loosen the receiving material .
FIG . 36 is a full side view of a screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container with its hull , 223 , having flat areas , 221 , around its upper portion to receive and be driven by a wrench , shown elsewhere , medium spaced , right hand screw threads , 222 , around the hull , 223 , a press in top , 220 , and a built - in self drilling nose , 228 , at the bottom .
FIG . 37 is a tractor backhoe , 210 , with arm end , 214 , angled adaptor , 211 , hydraulic motor , 212 , socket wrench , 217 , and barrel drum handler , 216 , using a built - in self drilling nose , 228 , to bore its own installation pilot hole as the unit is rotated and installed .
FIG. 38 illustrates a hexagonal shaped top , 235 , made to fit into the Easy Inter Burial Container in FIG .
39 , with through - holes , 236 , aligning with through - holes in the upper portion of the hull shown in FIG .
39 .
FIG . 39 is an oblique view of the upper portion of a screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container hull , 239 , having a recessed hexagonal shaped section , 237 , into which the top in FIG .
38 is fitted , with the through - holes , 238 , matching the through holes in the top , 236 , FIG .
38 , and through which bars or pipes are fitted for turning the unit for installation .
FIG . 40 is a view of the underside of a top , 240 , with through - holes , 242 , for driver handles and with a series of bosses , 241 , matching the recesses in the externally threaded screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container hull in FIG .
41 , to transfer the rotational force from the top to the hull when handles are fitted into the top holes and the Easy Inter Burial Container is rotated for installation .
FIG . 41 is an oblique view of the upper portion of a externally threaded screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container hull having recesses , 243 , into which the top in FIG .
40 is fitted , and provides the transfer of force from the top to the hull , 244 , during installation .
FIG . 42 is a view of a top , 245 , with a series of lobes and recesses , 247 , matching the lobes and recesses in the Easy Inter Burial Container in FIG .
43 and showing holes , 246 , into which handles are fitted to rotate the Easy Inter Burial Container for installation .
FIG .
43 is an oblique view of the upper portion of a externally threaded screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container hull , 249 , having lobes and recesses , 248 , to match the lobe and recess configuration of the top in FIG .
42 and provide for the transfer of force from that top to the hull , 249 , during installation .
FIG . 44 is a view of the upper portion of a externally threaded screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container with its top in place and having handles , 251 , placed into the top holes to allow manual rotation of the container for installation or extraction .
FIG . 45 illustrates a manual turning of a smaller sized externally threaded screw in type hull , 252 , by the use of handles , 253 , placed in the holes of a smaller sized Easy Inter Burial Container top .
FIG . 46 shows the use of handles , 255 , placed into the holes in the upper portion of a externally threaded screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container , 254 , to facilitate manual turning of the unit .
Note that the hull shown has close spaced external threads providing more downward pressure per revolution .
FIG . 47 shows a manual turning and installation of a medium sized screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container by the use of handles , 257 , placed into holes in the upper portion of its hull , 256 .
FIG . 48 is a top view of a band , 258 , with handle receptacle fittings , 259 , attached with hardware , 260 , and handles , 261 , placed into the fittings , and attachment hardware , 262 , installed at the band clamping point , which is placed around the hull of a externally threaded screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container to provide for a number of persons to assist in turning the Easy Inter Burial Container for installation .
FIG . 49 is a side view of the band in FIG .
48 showing the handles , 261 , handle fittings , 259 , fitting hardware , 260 , and the band clamping hardware , 262 .
FIG . 50 illustrates a packet of stout sticks , 263 , of sufficient length to bridge across several threads or fins of a externally threaded screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container to provide more positive and more level contact between the band shown in FIGS .
48 and 49 and the Easy Inter Burial Container hull .
FIG . 51 is an isometric view of a six sided driver wrench , 265 , to match the configuration of a six sided top of a screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container and allow it to be rotated by way of the shaft , 264 .
FIG . 52 is an isometric view of a spoked capstan - type driver to be used by several people for manually turning a externally threaded screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container , with handle spokes , 266 , braces , 267 , a center hex hub , 268 , matching the shafts of the drivers shown in FIGS .
51 , 53 , 54 , 55 and 56 , center plate , 269 , center assembly hardware , 270 , holding the handles in place and brace attachment hardware , 271 .
FIG .
53 is an isometric view of a square sided driver wrench , 272 , which matches the configuration of a square receptacle in the top of a externally threaded screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container or the upper portion of a Easy Inter Burial Container hull and provides the means for it to be rotated by way of the hexagonal shaft , 273 .
FIG .
54 is an isometric view of a eight sided driver wrench , 275 , which matches the configuration of a eight sided receptacle on the top or the upper portion of a externally threaded screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container hull and provides the means for it to be rotated by way of the hexagonal shaft , 274 .
FIG . 55 is an isometric view of a two boss driver wrench , 277 , which matches and fits into two flower receptacles in the top of a externally threaded screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container and provides a means for the burial container to be rotated by way of the hexagonal shaft , 276 .
FIG . 56 is an isometric view of a crossed bar driver wrench , 279 , which matches the configuration of a screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container top having crossed recesses and provides a means for it to be rotated through the shaft , 278 .
FIG .
57 is an oblique view of the upper portion of a externally threaded screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container hull , 283 , and a top , both with non-meshing striations , 280 and 281 , which , with the striations filled with cement , pressed into the hull , and allowed to cure , provides the transfer of rotational force when a device such as those shown in FIGS .
55 and 59 are fitted into the flower receptacles , 282 , to rotate the unit for final insertion into the receiving material , as shown in FIG .
60 .
FIG . 58 is a side view of a externally threaded screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container being manually rotated into a receiving material by several persons using handles , 261 , on bands , 258 , as shown in FIGS .
48 and 49 , with bridging sticks , 263 , as shown in FIG .
50 .
FIG . 59 is a oblique view of a device made with handles , 284 , bolted together with hardware , 285 , and driver protrusions or studs , 286 , made to fit into the flower receptacle holes of a screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container top , similar to the one shown in FIG .
57 , and by the application of manual force , the container is rotated in the proper direction and is inserted into the receiving material .
FIG . 60 is a side view of persons using the device , 287 , shown in FIG .
59 , to finish the insertion of a screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container into receiving material .
FIG . 61 depicts an externally threaded , self boring , screw in type Easy Inter Burial Container , sitting on blocks , 293 , in funeral display , split lengthwise and hinged with the lid segment , 290 , raised above the hull , 289 , to display the contents , and showing that the external screw threads , 291 , match across the split line and continue to the tapered end of the hull , 292 .
The drawing shows that these threads extend outward from the hull a sufficient distance to ensure that the loosened receiving material is moved upward around the hull as it is rotated in the proper direction .
Note that the flat areas at the lower end of the screw in threads will act as cutting blades in softer receiving materials and can be fitted with add - on hardened blades for burials in firmer receiving materials .
FIG . 62 is an end view of FIG .
61 showing the main or lower hull section , 289 , with the lid segment , 290 , open and with blocks , 293 , holding the Easy Inter Burial Container in place .
FIG . 63 is an end view of the unit in FIG .
64 , in a closed position showing screw threads , 291 , and the driven section , 294 , in this case a hexagonal shape , by which it will be rotated into a receiving material .
FIG. 64 illustrates a side view of the Easy Inter Burial Container in FIGS .
61 , 62 and 63 , in a closed position with the driven section , 294 , noted and showing add on cutting blades , 295 , attached to the ends of the screw threads , 291 .
FIG . 65 is a diagram of a tractor backhoe , 210 , using its rotator section , 215 , angled adaptor , 211 , drive motor , 212 , barrel drum handler , 216 and wrench unit , 217 , to install the Easy Inter Burial Container shown in FIGS .
61 , 62 , 63 and 64 .
FIG. 66 depicts a Easy Inter Burial Container , such as that shown in FIG .
65 , installed and having its top , 290 , slightly above the surface level of the receiving material .
FIG . 67 is a side view of a Easy Inter Burial Container with self digging blades , the hull split lengthwise into a open , padded , upper lid segment , 301 , and a lower main section , 303 , as is common practice in current coffins and caskets , with a body and body tray , 302 , inside , and being stabilized and held level by blocks , 304 , for funeral display .
FIG. 68 is an end view of the Easy Inter Burial Container shown in FIG .
67 , illustrating the positions of the raised lid segment , 301 , body and body tray , 302 , lower main section , 303 , and the support blocks , 304 .
FIG. 69 is a side view of the Easy Inter Burial Container in FIG .
67 , except in its closed position showing cutting blade extensions , 305 , which guide the cut away receiving material to the surface , and added on cutting blades , 306 .
FIG. 70 is and end view of the Easy Inter Burial Container in FIG .
69 showing the relationship of the cutting blade extensions , 305 , and the added on cutting blades , 306 .
FIG . 71 is an end view of the screw in top in FIG .
72 and the matching single piece hull in FIG .
73 , showing the driven flats , 307 , rectangular plaque or monument area , 309 , flower receptacle , 310 and flag holder , 311 .
FIG . 72 is a side view of the screw in top , which fits the hull depicted in FIG .
73 , pointing out its driven flats , 307 and the threads , 308 , to match those inside the hull .
FIG . 73 is a side view of a single piece , non-split hull , 312 , with a body and body tray , 302 .
Note that the hull has cutting blade extensions , 305 , and added on cutting blades , 306 , for self digging and movement of loosened receiving material to the surface .
FIG . 74 is a side view of a Easy Inter Burial Container with cutting blades and cutting blade extensions being held by a barrel drum handler , 216 , on the end of a tractor backhoe arm , 214 , and rotated by a socket wrench , 217 , which is in turn rotated in the correct direction by a drive motor , 212 .
Note the removed receiving material , 313 , around the start of the hole .
FIG. 75 is a cut away side view of the self digging Easy Inter Burial Container in FIG .
74 , having dug into the receiving material with some dug away receiving material , 314 , outside of the hole and additional dug away material , 315 , being forced upward and out by the cutting blade extensions .
FIG . 76 is a cut away side view of the self digging unit in FIG .
75 , now fully installed , showing its top , 316 , and its final positioning after the receiving material around the hull has been tamped and the surplus removed .
FIG. 77 is a depiction of a Easy Inter Burial Container made to look like a conventional casket with its padded upper lid , 317 , and body fitting lower section , 318 .
The internal shape of the lower section , 318 , is made to the shape of a human body and padded , while the inside of the upper lid , 317 , is heavily padded to securely retain the body in position when closed .
FIG. 78 is an end view of the Easy Inter Burial Container shown in FIG .
77 , with its upper lid , 317 , and its lower section , 318 , denoted .
FIG. 79 is an end view of the Easy Inter Burial Container in FIGS .
77 and 78 with an added on top cap , 319 , in place .
FIG. 80 is a side view of FIG .
79 , with the top cap , 319 , fastened to and over the upper lid , 317 , and the lower section , 318 , to not only provide a plaque - marker when interment is complete , but to provide closure security and a grip for the handling apparatus shown in FIG .
82 .
FIG . 81 is an end view of FIG .
80 , showing the Easy Inter Burial Container in a closed position , with the top cap , 319 , at the far end of the view .
FIG . 82 shows a tractor backhoe , 210 , with a gripping device on the end of its arm holding the top cap , 319 , of the Easy Inter Burial Container of FIGS .
79 , 80 and 81 in an erect position for insertion into one of the pre-dug holes shown in FIGS .
83 and 84 .
FIG . 83 shows a round pre-dug hole with the hole diameter , 320 , and the outside dimensions , 321 , of such a Easy Inter Burial Container , as shown in FIG .
79 , marked .
FIG . 84 illustrates how a number of smaller holes , 322 , can be bored in a receiving material to accommodate the dimensions , 321 , of such a Easy Inter Burial Container as shown in FIG .
79 .
FIG. 85 is a view of the Easy Inter Burial Container of FIG.
82 installed in a receiving material and showing only its top cap , 319 .
FIG . 86 is cross sectional view of the joint of a typical upper , 323 , and lower section , 326 , of a casket like Easy Inter Burial Container pointing out the gasket seal , 324 , and one of the through joint counter sunk screw and nut assemblies , 325 .
FIG . 87 shows a pyramidal nose piece , 328 , to be placed on a square cross section casket like Easy Inter Burial Container , as shown in FIG .
88 , to provide closure of the casket and a digging point for the unit .
Also shown are the optionally added cutting edges , 327 , for use in firmer receiving materials .
FIG. 88 is a side view of a Easy Inter Burial Container with a nose piece , 328 , and optional cutting edges , 327 , at the right hand end and a end cap , 329 , added to the left hand end , which provides a driven section for the driver device shown as 330 in FIG .
90 .
FIG . 89 is a cross section cut-away of a typical optional cutting edgee , 327 , attached to a corner formed by the juncture of two sides of a pyramid shaped nose piece , 328 .
FIG .
90 , shows a tractor backhoe using a square section clamping drive head , 330 , to hold , rotate and press an Easy Inter Burial Container , as that shown in FIG .
88 , into a pre-bored or augered hole , 331 .
FIG . 91 illustrates the relationship of the original pre-bored or augered hole , 331 , the square section of the Easy Inter Burial Container , 332 , as shown in FIG .
88 , and the circle and thus sidewall of the finished hole , 333 , caused by the action of the corners of the Easy Inter Burial Container and or the optional added on cutting blades , 337 , in FIGS .
88 and 89 , as the unit is rotated in the correct direction .
FIG . 92 is of the finished installation of the Easy Inter Burial Container shown in FIG .
90 , with only its end cap , 329 , showing and with the nose piece having bored its way into the bottom of the pre-bored or augered hole and the displaced receiving material settled and tamped into the former spaces between the hole and the sidewalls of the Easy Inter Burial Container .
FIG .
93 is that of a currently used type of casket with a lower section , 335 , and an upper section , 334 , which acts as a lid , shown in funeral service display position .
FIG . 94 is an end view of the casket shown in FIG .
93 , with its lid or upper section , 334 , in the open position above the lower section , 335 .
FIG. 95 illustrates how the casket in FIGS .
94 and 95 , with upper section , 334 , and lower section , 335 , closed and secured is inserted into a larger size Easy Inter Burial Container main hull , 338 , with its cap , 336 , ready for final closure .
FIG . 96 is a diagram of a tractor backhoe , 210 , rotating the driven lands on the top of the hull and inserting the Easy Inter Burial Container , 338 , containing the conventional , currently used , casket in FIG .
95 , into a pre-augered pilot hole , 338 .
FIG. 97 is a cut away side view of the Easy Inter Burial Container of FIG .
96 , in its final position as a finished grave , with its cap , 336 , barely showing above the mounded up receiving material , 339 .
FIG. 98 is a side view of a smooth sided Easy Inter Burial Container being used in a current type funeral service with its padded lid or upper section , 349 , in the open position and the body fitting main or lower section , 350 , resting on blocks , 351 , and showing a body , 150 , resting inside of a body tray , 151 .
FIG. 99 is a cross section of the Easy Inter Burial Container in FIG .
98 , showing its overlapping closure joint , 352 , and its hinge , 353 .
FIG .
100 is an end view of the Easy Inter Burial Container , 354 , as shown in FIG .
98 , excepting that it is in the closed position and shows a marker plaque , 355 , attached over the joint and covering the top or larger end to provide additional locking security and also showing a flower receptacle , 357 , and a flag receptacle , 356 .
FIG .
101 is a side view of the closed Easy Inter Burial Container shown open in FIG .
98 , with lid or upper section , 349 , closed against the body fitting main or lower section , 350 , and having a nose piece , 358 , in place , providing extra closure security .
FIG .
102 is a detail of a nose piece , 361 , with through hull attachment hardware , 362 .
FIG .
103 is an end view of a screw in top cap , 359 , for a smooth hull Easy Inter Burial Container .
FIG .
104 is a side view of the screw in top cap , 359 , shown in FIG .
103 .
FIG .
105 is a side view of a non-split , single piece smooth hull Easy Inter Burial Container , 360 , having its screw in top cap , 359 , in place .
FIG .
106 illustrates the arrangement whereby a tractor backhoe with a barrel drum handler , grips an Easy Inter Burial Container , 365 , similar to those shown in FIGS .
101 and 105 , and presses it downward into the pre-augered hole , 368 , while agitating it back and forth and side to side to cause a firm fit into the receiving material , including a displacement into the bottom of the hole , 369 .
FIG . 107 shows the Easy Inter Burial Container , 365 , of FIG .
106 , in its final position , with its plaque and top , 366 , at the top of the slight mound , 367 , created by the displacement of the receiving material and having its nose , 371 , worked into the bottom of the pre-augered hole , 369 FIG .
108 is a side view of a Easy Inter Burial Container having harder receiving material break up protrusions , 372 , with its upper section , 370 , raised in an open position to display the contents of the lower section , 364 , which is resting on a blocked palldrum handler gripping the Easy Inter Burial Container , 376 , as the one shown in FIG .
108 or the one shown in FIG .
1 et , 373 , for a funeral service .
FIG .
109 is an oblique view of the upper section of the Easy Inter Burial Container in FIG .
108 , showing a marker plaque , 374 , in place for closure security and later grave site viewing by visitors .
FIG .
110 is an end view of a screw in top cap , 359 , the same as in FIG .
103 , showing a flat area for a plaque , marker or monument , a flower receptacle and a flag holder .
FIG .
111 is a side view of the top cap , 359 , shown in FIG .
110 in position to be installed in a non-split , single piece hull as shown in FIG .
112 .
FIG .
112 is a side view of a non-split , single piece Easy Inter Burial Container hull , 375 , with protrusions , 372 , similar to those on the split unit in FIG .
108 , and its top cap , 359 .
FIG .
113 shows a tractor backhoe with an arm and barrel drum handler gripping the Easy Inter Burial Container , 376 , as the one shown in FIG .
108 or the one shown in FIG .
112 , and agitating and pressing it down into a hole , 377 .
FIG . 114 illustrates the Easy Inter Burial Container from FIG .
113 in its final buried position , having been agitated and pressed down through the bottom of the pre-augered hole , with only its top and plaque , 378 , visible above the receiving material .
FIG .
115 is an end view of a horizontally split and hinged screw - in type Easy Inter Burial Container with its lid or upper section , 379 , in the open position , allowing viewing of the contents in the lower section , 380 .
FIG .
116 is a side view of the same horizontally split and hinged screw - in type Easy Inter Burial Container as shown in FIG .
115 , resting on a frame with blocks , 381 , for an open casket funeral service .
FIG .
117 is an enlarged view of a closure plate , 384 , and attachment hardware , 385 , used at the juncture of the upper section , 379 , and lower section , 380 , of the Easy Inter Burial Container shown in FIG .
116 , used to ensure structural security during installation into a receiving material .
FIG .
118 is a cross section cut away through FIG .
117 , showing the outside closure plate , 384 , the flush head hex screw , 385 , and the inside nut plate , 386 , used to secure the juncture between the upper , 379 , and lower , 380 , sections of the burial container .
FIG . 119 is a side view of the Easy Inter Burial Container in FIG .
116 , but now in a closed position with a number of closure plates , 382 , securely holding the upper , 379 and lower , 380 , sections together .
FIG .
120 is a side view drawing of a tractor backhoe with the same arm and power accessories as shown in FIGS .
28 , 29 and 30 , installing the Easy Inter Burial Container shown in FIG .
119 , into a pre augered pilot hole , 387 .
FIG .
121 is and end view of a triangular cross section Easy Inter Burial Container , split lengthwise and hinged , with its lid or upper section , 390 , in the open position and its lower or main hull section , 391 , containing a body , 392 .
FIG . 122 is a side view of the Easy Inter Burial Container in FIG .
121 , also with its upper section , 390 , open and its main or lower section , 391 , containing a body , 392 , which is resting in a form fitting body tray , 393 , within the burial container and showing a taper from the head section to the foot section .
FIG .
123 is an end view of the unit shown in FIG .
121 , except with its upper section , 390 , closed down against its main or lower section , 391 , and showing the grave marker plaque , 394 , covering the closure line and acting as additional closure security and which will show at ground level when the Easy Inter Burial Container is installed .
FIG .
124 is a side view of the closed Easy Inter Burial Container in FIG .
123 , with its upper section , 390 , and its lower section , 391 , indicated and with added on cutting blades , 398 , attached along the junctures of its sides .
See FIG. 129 for detail .
FIG .
125 is an end view of a Easy Inter Burial Container , similar in its triangular cross section to the one depicted in FIG .
121 , except being of the non-split , single piece hull design with a top cap .
It also shows as having a marker plaque , 394 .
FIG .
126 is a side detail of a Easy Inter Burial Container top cap , 396 , with a marker plaque , 394 , and a security groove , 399 , in the area made to fit inside a triangularly shaped , single piece hull , as shown in FIG .
127 .
FIG .
127 is a side view of a non-split , single piece hull , with its top cap , 396 , from FIG .
126 , in place and a series of metal fasteners , 397 , around the larger end of the hull , locking the top in place by their intrusion into the groove shown as 399 in FIG .
126 .
Also indicated are added on cutting blades , 398 , similar to those detailed in FIG .
129 .
FIG .
128 is a side view of a tractor backhoe installing a triangular cross section Easy Inter Burial Container , 401 , of either of the types shown in FIG .
124 or FIG .
127 , by rotating it with a triangle shaped and powered wrench , 400 , into a pre-dug pilot hole , 402 , where its cutting blades , 398 , are just beginning to remove receiving material , cutting its way and penetrating through the bottom of the pilot hole , 403 .
FIG .
129 is an enlarged cross section of a corner of a triangular cross section Easy Inter Burial Container hull , 401 , showing the metal fasteners , 399 , and attachment of a added on cutting blade , 398 .
FIG .
130 is a cut away of the receiving material showing the final , installed position of the Easy Inter Burial Container , 401 , from FIG .
128 , after it has been rotated sufficiently to have its cutting blades , 398 , widen the original pilot hole and bore through the bottom line , 406 , of the original hole and settle a portion of the unit , 407 , through the bottom of the hole , leaving only the marker plaque , 394 , showing through the surrounding receiving material , 395 .
FIG .
131 is a end view of a pentagon cross section shaped Easy Inter Burial Container , made to look somewhat like a conventional casket , except tapered for later easy installation into receiving materials , showing its upper or lid section , 408 , and its lower or main section , 409 , in open position , as in an open casket funeral service .
FIG .
132 is a side view of the unit shown in FIG .
131 , with its upper section , 408 , in an open position above its lower or main section , 409 , which illustrates the tapered nature of this type of Easy Inter Burial Container .
FIG .
133 is an end view of the same unit shown in FIG .
131 , with its upper section , 408 , closed over its lower section 409 , and having a marker plaque , 410 , in place to act as additional closure security and to mark the grave site after installation .
FIG .
134 is a side view of the closed Easy Inter Burial Container in FIG .
132 , showing its upper section , 408 , and its lower section , 409 , and highlighting its added on cutter blades , 415 , at the junctures of its sides .
See FIG .
138 .
FIG .
135 is an end view of a pentagon cross section Easy Inter Burial Container made with a non-split , single piece hull and having a top cap and a plaque , 410 .
FIG .
136 is a side view of a pentagon shaped top cap , 412 , made to fit into and become a part of the unit shown in FIG .
137 , highlighting the groove , 413 , into which attachment hardware will fit through the hull and secure the top .
FIG .
137 is a side view of a single piece hull , 423 , with top cap , 414 , Easy Inter Burial Container showing its top cap attachment hardware , 417 , and added on cutting blades , 415 , which are not necessary in softer receiving materials , but speed up installation is firmer materials .
FIG .
138 is a cross section of a corner of a Easy Inter Burial Container hull , 408 , onto which add on cutting blades , 415 , have been attached with metal fasteners , 430 .
FIG .
139 is a side view of a tractor backhoe using a drive motor , 426 , and a five sided wrench , 427 , to install a pentagon cross section Easy Inter Burial Container as shown in FIG .
134 or FIG .
137 , with the main hull , 428 , inserted into a pre-augered hole , 431 , and highlighting the bottom of the original hole , 432 , through which the lower , tapered end of the main hull will penetrate .
Some words
All words
Whole expression
Please write financially secure comments to this post :
Your social networking chit - chat could have an impact on your credit – specifically on whether banks think you are worthy of a loan .
Creditors are checking out what you post to your Facebook and Twitter accounts .
They ’re checking out who your friends are and who the people are in your networks .
The presumption is that if your friends are responsible credit cardholders and pay their bills on time , you could be a good credit customer …
How long until health insurance companies do the same ?
The banks claim they ’re just checking you out for “ marketing ” purposes , then they admit it ’s actually about whether to give you loans or credit :
Listening to yet another constituent complain about the thousands of neglected , scruffy mutts that prowl the streets of his town , Mosquera Mayor Luis Alvaro Rincon went ballistic .
“ A street dog , ” he ground out , “ is a dead dog . ”
His fist pumping and voice rising as applause at the community gathering grew , he said , “ It ’s an order .
Round them up and kill them ! ”
Rincon ’s exasperation last summer was in some ways understandable .
This suburb of Bogota has long been a dumping ground for canines whose owners are too uninterested or financially strapped to care for them .
Now there may be 30,000 stray dogs here and in two adjoining suburbs , Madrid and Vaca .
“ I know environmentalists wo n’t like it , but if they do n’t , they should come to Mosquera and take a dog home with them , ” Rincon said .
Driving around the Porvenir Rio barrio , one gets the impression that there are more dogs than people .
They seem to be everywhere : foraging for food , lounging in the shade or sauntering across streets and alleys .
Animal control has been a foreign concept in Mosquera , a city of 90,000 with no dog pound .
One of Colombia ’s fastest - growing municipalities , Mosquera in recent years has had more pressing budgetary needs , including building a new hospital and roads and buying uniforms and lunches for the growing numbers of poor schoolchildren , the city ’s health officer , Paola Linares , said in an interview .
As the stray dog population has grown , so has the health and safety crisis .
The level of fecal dust is alarming , and rising , and 89 dog bites were reported last year , a 27 % increase from 2008 .
“ We had more cases of dog bites than measles last year , ” Linares said .
Rincon ’s outburst sparked little outcry at first .
But in October , an animal rights activist put the video of Rincon ’s speech on YouTube .
That led to hundreds of angry phone calls and e-mails to City Hall from animal rights groups .
“ This kind of discourse contributes to a disrespect for life in Colombia .
Is it that much of a leap from mass murder of animals to that of humans ? ” said Albeiro Ulloa , an animal rights organizer in Bogota .
Protests were capped by a march here last month of 300 animal rights defenders , who were confronted by an equal - sized crowd of Rincon ’s defenders .
Subsequently , tempers cooled and both sides agreed to work on a happy , or at least more humane , resolution of Mosquera ’s canine crisis .
Rincon retracted his “ capture and kill ” order and agreed to join a task force with animal rights leaders aimed at raising private funds to build a regional dog pound .
The panel also will try to change laws to restrict the sale of dogs and enforce vaccination laws .
“ We have an imbalance in that there are too many dogs , ” said Ivan Duque , a veterinarian who is advising the task force .
“ But it ’s not the dogs ’ problem , it ’s ours , the human beings .
We are the rational ones . ”
Kraul is a special correspondent .
Hinrik and I have been creating a replacement for the well - known MegaHAL conversation simulator in Perl .
The result is already on the CPAN as Hailo and the source code is available on Github .
MegaHAL has numerous problems that we sought to solve :
It keeps all of its brain in memory which for our use case of a chatbot on a small IRC channel whose logs had reached around 200,000 lines meant that it was starting to take up around 600 MB of resident memory .
Its tokenizer is implemented with C's ctype.h functions which read things on a byte - by - byte basis .
It handles non-ASCII input really badly , especially since it internally normalizes tokens by capitalizing them with toupper ( ) before storing them .
It has a limit of 2^16 word brains , or whatever short happens to be defined as on your system .
It would regularly corrupt its entire brain , especially as it got larger , necessitating a complete reload .
I never found out why this was but I think it has something to do with it rarely checking the return values of functions like malloc ( ) and free ( ) .
I managed to hack it so that # 2 and # 3 were n't an issue .
But that left the major issue of its memory use & stability unresolved .
Hinrik and I started writing a replacement now called Hailo ( HAL + failo , see this ) which :
Is a pluggable Moose - based Markov engine in Pure - Perl .
Has pluggable tokenizer , engine and storage backends .
The default is to split the input up by words and storing it in SQLite but it also has an in - memory engine and an alternative tokenizer which makes it easy to do things like generate Web 2.0 company names ( I 've already done so ) .
Hovers at around 45 MB resident memory usage where MegaHAL would use around 600 MB .
Almost all of that memory is being used by Moose and other dependencies which we liberally used .
Is much faster than MegaHAL was , we 're able to generate around 200 replies per second on a database made up of around 200,000 IRC lines
If you 're interested then you can :
Follow the best of failo on Twitter or Identi.ca .
Any old quotes are from MegaHAL , new ones from Hailo .
Chat with it on # failo on Freenode .
Run your own Hailo - based IRC bot , it 's easy with POE :: Component : : IRC : : Plugin : : Hailo .
Lastly I 'd like to highly recommend Moose .
This is the first significant thing we 've written in Moose and it made the whole progress at least 5 x easier than it otherwise would have been .
It 's really nice when your program has a command - line interface automatically generated from your class definition and you avoid the tedium of manual OO - management .
The downside is that most of the 50 MB memory usage can be attributed to Moose & related modules and a cold start of the module can take up to 1 second , but the ease of maintenance is well worth it for this sort of program which is mean to be long running .
Moving - Clip System : A Chart with Super Day ( Happy Face ) and Bad Day ( Sad Face )
This is a great system to help the students regulate their own behavior .
Each time when an individual student is mis-behaved , the teacher will ask him / her to move his / her clip down one level .
The wall chart has 4 levels .
Each student has his / her own clip with a name on it .
They all start the day with the clips being placed on the top of the chart at the Super Day level ( Happy Face ) .
When each individual is being asked to move the clip when he / she mis-behaves , the clip goes down one level .
They are given 4 chances during the day : from “ Super Day ” to “ Good Day ” , then to “ OK Day ” and the bottom is “ Bad Day ” .
If they ever move the clip in any given day , they are grounded and wo n’t be able to trade in the stars for a treasure chest toy even if they reach the 20 - star reward level right on that day .
But this system starts a brand new day each day , so they will still get the chance to go get a treasure chest toy if they do n’t move the clip the following day .
It is like your account has to be in good standing in order to receive the reward .
Image by author
Using Signals or Sign Language
The teacher has taught the class to use some hand signals for the need to use the bathroom and to go for a sip of water .
The sign language of the letter “ W ” is for water , and “ R ” is for restroom .
This way you can eliminate the students from talking to express their needs .
Sometimes when one starts talking , the whole class can end up going out of control fairly quickly .
This is an effective way to keep them quiet and yet not to ignore their demand .
Make Every Activity to be Associated with a Song
Create or find a song for clean - up , line - up , etc .
When the play time is finished , students are asked to put away the toys and to clean up the room and they use a clean - up song to engage with this activity .
And when they need to line up , they will sing the line up song .
In every action they do , they sing altogether and this actually allows them to get the job done quickly and smoothly .
I think music often works the wonder to help the kids to get motivated and to get their attention to follow through the entire process and you will get the end result from what it is needed to be done .
Take Time to Relax and Refresh with Music , So the Students Can Get Their Attention Back to Focus on the Teaching Again
One day I learned from our teacher , Mrs. Fristad , that there are times during the day in the class that you may find some students seem to start loosing their focus .
Then you can start leading a song , let the students all stand up to stretch , to move around , jump and sing - along .
After a short break like that , you can be sure to get their attention and focus back on track again .
I learned a great deal from this .
Dealing with young children , they easily loose their focus and their mind may just wander around .
Singing together can let their steam out and they can then start to re-focus again .
Learning can easily revolve around music .
Students and the teacher all have fun together and this will boost up the spirits within the classroom and it goes a long way !
Here is a great example you may want to try :
Thanks to the oh - so - revealing pages of the FCC , we already knew that ASUS had yet another multitouch - enabled Eee PC in the works , but there 's just nothing quite like the satisfaction of seeing an official portal launched to celebrate the reality of being .
The Eee PC T101MT is a swivel - screen netvertible that packs a 10.1 - inch resistive multitouch display ( 1,024 x 600 ) , Windows 7 , up to 2GB of DDR2 memory , Bluetooth 2.1+EDR , 802.11b/g/n
WiFi , a 160 GB or 320 GB hard drive , 0.3 megapixel webcam and a 6.5 hour battery .
You 'll also get a VGA output , a trio of USB 2.0 sockets , Ethernet audio in / out , an SD / SDHC / card reader ( nice ! ) 500 GB of internet - accessible ASUS WebStorage and your choice of white or black .
Per usual , there 's nary of a mention of a price or release date just yet , but you can check out what fun awaits you in the demonstration video just past the break .
The source code for the ten - year old Symbian platform will be completely open source and available for free starting Thursday .
The transition from proprietary code to open source is the largest in software history , claims the Symbian Foundation .
" The dominant operating system provider out there is Symbian , " says Lee Williams , executive director of the Symbian Foundation , " and now we are offering developers the ability to do so much more . "
Symbian , which powers most of Nokia 's phones , has been shipped in more than 330 million devices worldwide .
But in the last few years , Symbian has seen more than its fair share of changes .
In 2008 , Nokia , one of Symbian 's largest customers , acquired a major share in the company .
Nokia then created the Symbian Foundation to distribute the platform as an open source project , and began the process of opening up the source code that year .
Meanwhile , the operating system has seen new rivals crop up .
Google 's Android , which is based on a Linux kernel , has become a favorite among handset makers such as Motorola and HTC .
And it 's based on an open source foundation too .
Symbian 's move to open source has been completed four months ahead of schedule and it offers mobile developers new ways to innovate , says Williams .
Any individual or organization can now take , use and modify the Symbian code for any device , from mobile phone to a tablet .
Similar as it may sound to Android 's promise , there are major differences , says Williams .
" About a third of the Android code base is open and nothing more , " says Williams .
" And what is open is a collection of middleware .
Everything else is closed or proprietary . "
Symbian is also ahead of Android in that it will publish its platform roadmap and planned features up to 2011 , he says .
And anyone can influence that roadmap or contribute to new features .
" Open source is also about open governance , " says Williams .
" It 's about letting someone other than one control point guide the feature set and the asset base . "
But will that be enough for Symbian to steal away customers lured by a snazzier and younger rival ?
See Also :
Photo : ( James Nash / Flickr )
Lord ’s Gym , a 10,000 square foot fitness center . . . meshes prayer and push - ups .
The gym offers classes including “ Yogod , ” its take on yoga .
. . .
Spaghetti - strap tank tops and short shorts are not allowed .
. . .
Per Heistad , who travels often for business and is a self - described gym rat , said he did not feel entirely comfortable in other gyms anymore .
“ I do n’t need anything to lead me into temptation , ” Mr. Heistad said .
“ I can get there on my own . ” Merri Bush , 42 , who is a member with her daughter , Christyna Askey , 21 , said [ that ] . . . the two of them walk on the treadmill each morning while they read and discuss the Bible .
Ms. Askey said , “ It ’s cool to be able to do that and not have people say , ‘ What are you doing ? ’ ” — The Times .
Amen , Christyna .
I ’m Kristeena Steggs , and my mom and I also really like to combine working out and Scripture , because , as my mom always says , “ Jesus was right , and Jesus was toned . ”
Mom and I also run a Christian gift shop here in Orlando , where we sell stuffed animals whose paws can be Velcroed together in worship , and toilet paper imprinted with the names of the seven deadly sins and the celebrities who practice them most often .
We used to go to a secular gym , which was , as my mom puts it , “ hoo - ha central . ”
The most popular spandex colors for obvious adulterers , she claimed , were electric orange , aqua , and something she called “ my - kids - are - in - day - care - so - come - and - get - me ” fleshtone .
One morning , she glanced at a blonde in a skimpy unitard and commented , “ That woman looks like a pair of panty hose packed with spermicide - flavored Jell - O . ”
As for the men at the gym , well , I tried not to look , but sometimes it was like a tsunami of Speedos bulging right at me .
“ You know what ’s inside those banana hammocks ? ”
Mom would warn me .
“ I call ’em Satan ’s potatoes . ”
Sometimes a man would come over and ask me if I needed help with my workout , and Mom would jump right in and say , “ Sure , if we can help you get reborn in the Holy Spirit and stop adjusting your harvest medley . ”
My mom said that she could always tell which of the guys were homosexuals , because “ they ’re always friendly , but the minute you turn your back they ’re having sex with one of the machines .
It ’s called Pilates . ”
For a while we tried to work out at home , using a series of instructional DVDs called “ Abs , Buns , and Brimstone , ” which were hosted by a bodybuilder dressed as a sleeveless pastor , who said things like “ You ’ll never get raptured with that big ol ’ butt ! ” and “ When God looks at you , He says , ‘ Gee , I do n’t remember creating all that cellulite ! ’ ” Mom and I tried , but we missed the camaraderie of a gym , so we decided to open our own , in a strip mall , and we called our place Jesus Christ You ’re Fat .
We painted the walls with colorful murals of Bible heroes exercising , like Bathsheba on the NordicTrack , and David and Goliath enjoying a jolly sit - up competition ; for a chuckle , we pictured Job standing behind a woman using both a triceps machine and her cell phone .
Our opening day was incredibly fraught : would anyone show up ?
Our first customer was a pretty young woman who said that she ’d recently moved to the area and was looking for a cheerful neighborhood spot where she could get fit .
My mom cried , “ O come all ye faithful ! , ” until she noticed the name on the woman ’s registration form : Caitlynn Weinblatt .
“ I ’m not sure this is a good match , ” my mom said .
“ Will you be comfortable in a spinning class when the instructor stares right at you and yells , ‘ Feel the burn — in Hell ! ’ ? ”
Caitlynn asked my mom if she knew of any exclusively Jewish gyms nearby , and Mom cracked , “ Sure — there ’s a deli on the corner ! ” Even Caitlynn had to laugh , as I later told her attorney .
It took a few weeks , but soon business was booming .
We now have a special sunup stretch session called “ The Inquisition , ” and there ’s a Mommy - and - Me gymnastics class , where toddlers can learn which body parts are the most shameful .
I myself teach a trademark program of devout aerobics called “ Cardio - Chant , ” where the ladies lie face down on the floor and sob quietly to tapes of liturgical wailing ; no one loses any weight , but we all feel purified .
Best of all , I met my future husband , Robert ( Bobby ) Bobberman , at our gym .
He came in one day , took the tour , and then declared , “ I like this place — which ones are the women ? ” I blushed and he turned to me and said , “ I need to see a priest , because I ’ve got a confession to make : when I look at you , my sweatpants rejoice . ”
That was when my mom came over and asked Bobby what his intentions were , and he told her , “ I ’d like to play some racquetball , take some steam , and then help your daughter to see God . ”
“ Oh , sweetheart , ” my mom whispered to me .
“ He ’s a keeper . ”
Bobby is now a co-owner of our gym , and he ’s also the personal trainer of my mom , my best friend , Erin , and my teen - age brother , Esau .
Every time I walk in on one of them with Bobby and ask what ’s going on , they always squeal , “ We ’re praying ! ” Bobby also wants to franchise our operation , and we ’ve been brainstorming about a celebrity - makeover ad campaign , something along the lines of those recent Jenny Craig spots .
I ’ve noticed that Queen Latifah , in her Jenny ads , never says how much she weighs but just announces that she ’s “ Size Active . ”
Maybe she could endorse our gyms by saying that she ’s “ Size Sacred , ” or , as my mom suggested , “ Size Whoever Pays Me . ” Bobby said that he was thinking more along the lines of Eva Longoria or Jennifer Aniston , and when I pointed out that they ’re both already in great shape he said , “ Kristeena , you really need to work on your hips if you ever want to fit into that choir robe . ”
So here I am , a proud businesswoman , an adoring bride - to - be , and a blessed exercise addict .
I hope that someday maybe Christyna Askey and her mom will drop by our facility , because Bobby keeps asking , “ Is there really an angel out there named Merri Bush ? ” I bet that they would love our gym , because it ’s just what I imagine Heaven to look like : a clean white space filled with happy , in - shape Christians not looking at each other . ♦
Q&A : Bike Lights
A reader wrote in asking questions about lights , read his question and then my personal answer ..
From there , I turn the table to you all , what do you think he could do to avoid cars pulling out ?
Q :
I wanted to get your input on lights / being seen .
Most of my morning commute is in the dark and in a bike lane .
I have , on severa .
occasions , almost been hit by cars pulling out from a sid .
stree .
despite the fact that I have a 27 .
lume .
headlight shining in their direction .
What else can I do to get their attention ?
Should I just accept the fact that they are n’t going to pay attention and wait for the to pull out .
A :
# 1 a solid and a blinking light : Catch their attention , but be able to be seen
# 2 reflective 3 m tape that will be “ caught ” from all sides of your bike .
I have it on the rims of my wheels , seat stays , fork legs and downtube on some bikes .
# 3 more than one light .
It is hard to catch someones attention with just one fixed light , they may think you are a reflection , mail box or not moving very quickly .
Now , what would you do differently ?
The U.S. Marines and Afghan army plan a massive assault on Taliban fighters in Marja , the last community under Taliban control in a sprawling , lawless region once dominated by the insurgency , a top Marine said Wednesday .
“ We are going to gain control , ” Col. George “ Slam ” Amland told reporters .
“ We are going to alter the ecosystem considerably . ”
Amland , deputy commander of Marine forces in southern Afghanistan , would not discuss the timing of the assault or how many thousands of troops would be involved .
Amland said the assault would involve Marine units that are part of a troop buildup authorized by President Obama in December .
The assault will also show how the Afghan army is growing in numbers and competency , he predicted .
“ This is a big leap for the government of Afghanistan , ” he said .
Marine and NATO leaders want Helmand province to be a showpiece of the “ clear , hold , build and transition ” counterinsurgency strategy , in which Taliban fighters are forced out of a region and then a “ civilian surge ” begins to rebuild war - ravaged communities and bolster confidence of Afghan villagers in their provincial and national governments .
Where once the Taliban controlled nearly all communities of the Helmand River valley , Amland said , by summer there will be no place for Taliban to hide except in mountainous regions with sparse populations .
While the military part of the operation is the most dramatic , the actions of U.S. civilian employees , including from the U.S. Agency for International Development and Agriculture Department , will be even more significant , he said .
The Afghan government is ready to install local officials to begin reopening schools and clinics and polling residents about what they want their government to do .
The goal , Amland said , is to spread to Marja the “ kinds of success ” seen in other communities once the Taliban were ousted .
In the Nawa district of the province , for example , the marketplace reopened , irrigation canal clearing projects started , and a local community council was established once the Taliban fled .
Starting in June , battalions of Marines swept into Helmand , pushing Taliban fighters away from other communities .
Hundreds , maybe thousands , fled to Marja , which the Marines opted not to enter .
Last year the Afghan army ’s presence was limited and its effectiveness doubtful .
Marja , with a population estimated at 85,000 , has been a “ sore ” hampering U.S. and Afghan efforts in the province , Amland said .
From Marja , Taliban have built roadside bombs , plotted assassinations and controlled the illicit poppy crop , which provides 60 % of the world ’s heroin and funnels profits into the Taliban insurgency .
By ousting Taliban from control of Marja , U.S. , NATO and Afghan officials hope to persuade rank - and - file , non-jihadist fighters -- what Amland called “ lunch - bucket $ 5 a - day Taliban ” -- to quit fighting and decide to see if the Afghan government can provide a better life for its citizens .
In the interim , the U.S. plans a “ cash for work ” plan to give jobs to the unemployed of Helmand province , including young men who may have joined the Taliban as an economic necessity .
While the assault well be sizable in scale , Amland said , it is the kind of mission for which Marines continuously train .
“ It ’s nothing we have n’t done before ; it ’s nothing we wo n’t do again in the future , ” he said .
tony.perry@latimes.com
Spread the love
Spread the loveEveryday , new business come up in all sectors all around the world , especially in Toronto and their main aim is to ensure that they are heard and noticed , … Read More
U.S. and Japanese investigators raided the offices of auto parts suppliers tightly tied to Toyota Motor Corp. in recent days stemming from a probe in alleged anticompetitive practices .
The probes are n't connected with the Japanese auto maker 's quality issues .
But it comes as Toyota faces political pressure at home and abroad after a series ...
Text Size A A
Doctors insist that patients take a full course of antibiotics to prevent drug resistance , which bacteria can develop when the dose is too low .
A study now shows that inadequate doses can elicit resistance not only to administered antibiotics but to other antibiotics as well .
And the study points to DNA damage and error - prone DNA repair as the cause .
The work could help scientists develop new strategies to fight the growing problem of antibiotic resistance .
According to the Centers for Disease Control & Prevention , “ The number of bacteria resistant to antibiotics has increased in the last decade . ”
Biomedical engineering professor James J. Collins and coworkers at Boston University have found that resistance can develop when drug - induced radical oxygen species damage bacterial DNA .
Although the DNA repair system often fixes the DNA damage , it is error - prone and can generate random mutations that affect bacterial resistance , the study finds ( Mol. Cell , DOI : 10.1016/j.molcel.2010.01.003 ) .
Resistance might or might not develop against the administered agent .
For example , low - dose ampicillin might elicit mutant bacteria with broad resistance to other antibiotics but not to ampicillin itself .
Models of low - dose - antibiotic resistance have generally focused on resistance to administered agents , not to other drugs .
“ These findings drive home the need for tighter regulations on the use of antibiotics , especially in agriculture ; for doctors to be more disciplined in their prescription of antibiotics ; and for patients to be more disciplined in following their prescriptions , ” Collins says .
Co-administration of DNA repair system inhibitors — to prevent DNA repair errors that cause mutations — might help address the problem , he notes .
The results suggest “ that any bactericidal drug in a therapeutic cocktail may assist bacteria in attaining resistance to the entire combination , ” write infectious disease specialist Deborah T. Hung of the Broad Institute , in Cambridge , Mass . , and coworker Benjamin B. Kaufmann in a commentary about the work .
The findings “ remind us how little we know about how resistance is generated at the molecular level and underscore why preventing the emergence of these lethal strains remains such a formidable challenge . ”
I ’m sure that many of you know of Chris Perkins .
He is the Story Manager of Dungeons & Dragons and DMs the ongoing podcast series featuring Scott Kurtz , Wil Wheaton and the Penny Arcade crew .
Beyond that , he has a reputation as a great DM even among his peers at WotC.
Back in September I wrote an article analyzing his DMing style through the podcast .
Well , now I can do much better .
A couple of months back I was invited to be a player of one Chris ’ regular games and of course I jumped at the chance !
In addition to having a ton of fun , I ’ve been learning a lot of neat techniques that Chris uses .
For those of you who do n’t get to play with Chris Perkins , I will share tips that I gleaned from Chris and am trying to emulate in my own game .
Quests in Every Direction
Normally in D&D a group will have a quest that leads them to one place , perhaps some other quests or secondary objectives in the same area .
In Chris ’ game we have a quest list a mile long pulling us to every corner of the globe .
Obviously we can’t accomplish all of them , especially since some are time sensitive and we might spend multiple sessions chasing a single objective .
This techniques accomplishes a few things .
First , we get a sense of the larger world at play .
We hear about exciting things happening all over .
Second , we always have something cool to do .
We never waste time looking for an adventure , we have several in mind already .
Beyond that we always think what we are doing is cool because the group collectively chose that one to pursue among all the others .
Finally , the players feel like they can go anywhere and do anything but the DM will still have a plan for it !
This may sound like would be hard on the DM .
It does take a time investment , but it ’s not as bad as you might expect .
Adventure hooks build up over time , introduce one in the middle of an ongoing quest and another when they complete it .
Keep up that 2 hooks to 1 completion rate for a little while and you will already have a sizeable stockpile .
Ensemble Cast
The best complement to a vibrant world are loads of interesting people to populate it .
Fans of the podcasts know that Chris excels at NPCs , but those podcasts do n’t give you a sense of volume .
Whenever we talk to an NPC or someone refers to one , Chris writes their name on the whiteboard .
By the end of each session it is typical to have 15 - 20 names on that board .
Usually a mix of old friends or enemies , new acquaintances and those just being hinted at .
Essentially everyone we interact with has a name , a personality and a story attached to them .
There is almost no such thing as a faceless NPC .
Remarkably , this policy extends to battle .
I do n’t think we have ever had a fight that did n’t feature at least one enemy with a name and a proper backstory .
It makes all the difference in the world .
A generic mercenary you kill just because he ’s trying to kill you .
If the DM imbues that mercenary with a name , a face and goals then things change .
It might make you hate him more to make slaughtering him sweeter , you might feel pity for him and spare his life or perhaps turn him to your cause .
Opposing a real character is always more interesting than fighting a bundle of hit points and powers .
Shake Things Up !
Even the best games can do with something different from time to time .
For many groups this takes the form of playing a different game for a bit , but Chris has dreamed up probably my favorite refreshing arc ever .
The group had just suffered a terrible loss , two members managed to escape but the rest were incapacitated in combat and only survived by being spirited away by some allies .
Now the two surviving members must assemble a crew of friends to track down the rest of the party .
Which means most of the players are now playing established NPCs befriended in the group ’s past , chasing the footsteps of the missing adventurers and wondering if they even still live .
So cool , right ?
What have you learned from your favorite dungeon master ?
Do you use any of Chris ’ tricks ?
Let us know in the comments !
GD Star Rating
loading ...
, 5.0 out of 5 based on 2 ratings
By Captain Pyke | February 10 , 2010 - 9:58 pm
Wil Wheaton , geek blogger extraordinaire ( or as we like to call him , our little Wesley ) , is set to present the keynote speech for this year 's Penny Arcade Expo : East in Boston Massachusetts .
The three day event is scheduled for March 26th - 28th .
This is n't the first time Wheaton has presented at PAX , in 2007 he made his famous " Do n't be a D*ck " speech that was become an internet meme unto itself .
You can check out Wil 's 2007 speech here .
For those not " in - the - know " , PAX East is a three - day game festival for tabletop , videogame , and PC gamers .
We call it a festival because in addition to dedicated tournaments and freeplay areas we 've got nerdcore concerts , panel discussions , and an exhibitor hall filled with booths displaying the latest from top game publishers and developers .
Even with all this amazing content the best part of PAX East is hanging out with other people who know games .
More info about PAX : East here .
Wil Wheaton 's Blog here .
One step away from dark energy ( Image : Royal Observatory Edinburgh / AAO / SPL )
LIGHT is the bedrock of astronomy , so it may come as a surprise that astronomers do n’t have a very good handle on measurements of brightness .
That is set to change , however , as the antiquated brightness scale undergoes a long - overdue upgrade that could help to reveal the true nature of dark energy .
More than 2000 years ago , the Greek astronomer Hipparchus devised a scale ranking the apparent brightness of different stars .
Today , astronomers use much the same system , measuring brightness relative to a handful of standard reference stars .
The trouble is , …
The Whole Thing About Adobe ’s Flash Player Not Having Access to H.264 Hardware Acceleration on Mac OS X
Wil Shipley on Twitter , presumably in response to this ( and where by “ other platforms ” , Shipley apparently means “ Microsoft Windows ” ) :
Hmm , @gruber ignores that Flash on other platforms can and does use hardware H.264 decoding , but Apple wo n’t give Adobe access .
I did n’t mention the issue yesterday , no , but I wrote a whole section about it in this piece a few weeks ago , and I specifically linked to Adobe ’s own FAQ and weblog entry on the issue .
I think the issue is a red herring , spin from Adobe intended to share the blame for Flash ’s Mac OS X performance with Apple .
First ,
Flash performance gripes are not limited to H.264 video playback .
Everything Flash Player does is slower on Mac OS X than Windows .
What ’s Adobe ’s excuse for Flash ’s performance on non-H.264 video ?
Second , even Apple ’s own QuickTime on Snow Leopard only makes use of H.264 hardware acceleration with a single graphics card : the Nvidia 9400 M .
If you do n’t have that graphics card in your Mac , you do n’t get H.264 hardware acceleration , period .
That card is used across the board in current MacBooks and Mac Minis , but there are an awful lot of older Macs in use — a majority I ’d wager — which do n’t have that card .
It ’s also not present in current brand - new Mac Pros and most iMacs .
Third , no one is complaining about the lack of hardware acceleration for other video playback software on Mac OS X , like VLC , Movist , Perian , or even ( as mentioned in the previous paragraph ) QuickTime itself on machines without the Nvidia 9400 M .
Even if we concede the point that Flash Player ’s lack of access to H.264 hardware acceleration on Mac OS X inherently blocks it from matching its H.264 playback performance on Windows , I fail to understand how that blocks it from matching the performance of other video playback software on Mac OS X itself .
Update : Fourth , hardware accelerated H.264 support is a new feature in the as - yet - unreleased Flash Player 10.1 .
It in no way explains the performance difference in Flash Player 10.0 on Mac OS X and Windows .
Lastly , does anyone really think it would be a good idea for web content plugins to have direct access to graphics card hardware ?
Is it absurd to think that it ’s a reasonable OS design to limit plugins to higher - level APIs ?
Should Flash Player be a kernel extension , so that it can ensure it gets plenty of CPU cycles and have direct access to whatever hardware it wants ?
Welcome To Our " Survival Foods
& Their Preparation " Section Saving Money With A Thermos Bottle By Kurt Saxon
Many subscribers write that they will eventually buy all my books but they can't afford them at this time .
Many are students on limited allowances .
Some are on Social Security or pensions .
Others are on Welfare , as I was after an injury , when I got $ 86.00 per month in l969 .
I paid $ 50.00 for rent and had only $ 36.00 left for food and incidentals .
Even so , I ate better than before .
Prices were indeed lower then but , surprisingly , the costs of the more basic foods have hardly changed .
For instance , 60 pounds of hard red winter wheat , the highest in protein , minerals and vitamins , averages $ 8.00 ( 240 breakfasts at 4 cents each ) .
Brown rice , also higher in nutrition than white , costs $ 14.00 for 25 pounds .
Also 200 servings since rice swells twice as large as wheat .
These are bought in bulk at any feed and seed store .
Wheat and rice are the staple foods of billions and , if prepared my way , will fill you up , give you boundless energy ; and cost nothing , if you consider that the saving in gas or electricity will offset their purchase prices .
I do not mean that wheat and rice , plain , is what I am asking you to live on .
When is the last time you have eaten a potato plain ?
I am simply suggesting you process all your food in inexpensive , energy - saving ways and eat better than you ever have for less than $ 10.00 per week .
Then you can not only afford all my books but many other things you have wanted but had to do without because most of your food budget goes to pay others to do what you should learn to do for yourself .
The thermos and the dehydrator are first steps in eating better for so much less .
As a Survivalist , you will have to understand food preparation or you might as well eat , drink and be merry in the short time you have left .
A great factor which makes this practical and easy to understand is that since it is by a man , it is basic , gut - level and moron - simple .
You wo n't even need to open a cookbook .
First the thermos .
There are three kinds but only one is practical .
Forget the cheap , plastic ones lined with Styrofoam .
These might cook oatmeal and white rice but do not have the heat holding power you need .
Silvered glass thermoses are fine , but a bump will break them .
Also , since you are going to do actual cooking and will use a fork to remove the contents , they will not hold up .
The only practical cooking thermos is the Aladdin Stanley .
It is lined with stainless steel , is well insulated and will keep steaming hot for up to 24 hours and holds a quart .
It is also unbreakable , with a lifetime warranty .
It costs $ 22.00 at Wal - Mart or can be ordered through any sporting goods store .
It would save you its price in a few days .
If you have a family , get two or three .
Most foods cook at 180 degrees or more .
We are used to boiling , which is 212 degrees , and foods do cook faster , the higher the temperature .
But if time is not important , cooking at a lower temperature is even better as most vitamins are not broken down .
Thus , if you cook at a minimum heat , you save nutrition .
A great factor in thermos cooking is the saving in the cost of energy .
Whereas it would take about two hours to cook whole - grain wheat or nearly an hour to cook brown rice .
Thermos cookery takes only five minutes to cook anything .
So it is indeed possible to save as much in energy as you spend on the food .
You can imagine the convenience of thermos cookery in camping , which would save on wood , weight of food carried , and no food odors to alert bears or enemies .
Thermos cookery is also an advantage to anyone living where he is not allowed to cook .
There are no cooking odors to tip off the landlord .
First , you need the thermos .
Then you need a heat source .
If you are in a non-cooking room , buy a cheap , one burner hot plate from your local Wal - Mart , Target , Sears etc .
You will need a one quart saucepan .
You will also need a special funnel to quickly pour the pan 's contents into the thermos , plus a spoon or fork to help the last of the food into the funnel .
To make the funnel , cut off the bottom four inches from a gallon plastic milk container .
If you do not buy milk or cannot find an empty container , go to your nearest laundromat .
You will find in the trash receptacle , an empty gallon bleach bottle .
Use that the same as the milk container but wash it until there is no more bleach odor .
The first step in thermos cookery is to fill the thermos with water up to the point reached by the stopper .
Empty the water into the saucepan and make a scratch or other indelible mark at the water 's surface inside the saucepan .
This will allow you to put just enough water in the saucepan , as too much will leave food out and too little will give you less cooking water .
Just to test how the cooker works , start with four ounces of wheat .
You do not need to buy 60 pounds .
You can buy two pounds from your health food store for about $ .80 This would give you eight meals at 10 cents each .
In the evening , put four ounces in your saucepan , plus a half - teaspoon of salt to prevent flatness , even if you intend to sweeten it .
Fill to the mark with water .
( If you have hot water , let the tap run until it is hottest .
Tests have shown that less energy is used in using hot tap water than in boiling from cold . )
Bring the contents to a rolling boil , stirring all the while .
This will take from three to five minutes .
Then quickly , but carefully , swirl and pour the contents into the funnel and help any lagging matter from the pan to the funnel and into the thermos .
Cap firmly but not tightly , shake and lay the thermos on its side , to keep the contents even .
Next morning open the thermos and pour its contents into the saucepan .
With four ounces of dry wheat , you will now have at least 3/ 4 pound of cooked wheat and about a pint of vitamin and mineral enriched water .
It has a pleasant taste .
Drink it .
You can now put milk and sweetener on it or margarine , salt and pepper , etc .
If you can eat the whole 3 / 4 of a pound , you will be surprised at how energetic you feel for the next several hours .
An added bonus is its high fiber content .
Having tried the four ounce portion , you might next use eight ounces .
This will absorb most of the water .
It is unlikely that you could eat a pound and a half of cooked whole grain wheat .
You can either divide it and eat the other half for supper or if you are a family man , make it the family breakfast food to replace the expensive brand .
If you have children , get them into the act by fantasizing they are Rangers on a jungle patrol .
For lunch , prepare a few ounces of hamburger or other meat chopped finely , plus chopped potatoes and other vegetables the night before .
After breakfast , put these and the right amount of water in the saucepan and prepare as usual .
At lunchtime you will have a quart of really delicious stew .
Since nothing leaves the thermos in cooking , as contrasted to the flavor leaving stew cooking on the stove , you can understand the better tasting , higher vitamin content of thermos stew .
Lunch and possibly supper should not cost you more than 25 cents if you study the article on the dehydrator .
Jerky and dried vegetable stew is good and costs little .
The brown rice dishes could also be either a main course or desert .
Brown rice has a much greater swelling factor than wheat so four ounces of rice will pretty much fill the thermos .
You can put vegetables and meat in it to cook or try a favorite of mine .
It is four ounces of brown rice , 9 cents ; one ounce of powdered milk , 10 cents in a large box ; two ounces of raisins , 22 cents ; one teaspoon of salt ; some cinnamon and four saccharine tablets .
Cook overnight .
This is 46 cents for 1 1/2 pounds of desert .
With some experimenting , you can become an expert in thermos cookery .
If you are single and live alone , you could , conceivably , eat nothing except what you cooked in a thermos .
But if you are married , and especially if you have children , do n't push it .
Even with the economy of this system , it 's not worth alienating your family .
If your wife does n't like it , challenge her to make the food tastier and think up some thermos recipes .
You might also tell her the advantages of thermos cookery .
For one thing , she would spend much less time in the kitchen .
What with the expected brownouts , she could do all the cooking in five , ten , fifteen minutes , depending on how many thermos bottles she used .
Another important factor is that , especially during the heat waves , the home would not suffer the added heat from the kitchen .
This would also cut down on the air conditioning costs .
A tip you may not have known is that the pilot light in a gas stove not only raises the temperature in the kitchen but also accounts for a fourth of all the gas burned in the stove .
Matches are much cheaper .
Turn the pilot light off .
Be sure to get SURVIVOR Vol. 1 for a full course on inexpensive but tasty and nourishing food , plus sprouting for green vegetables , soy milk , tofu , etc .
They are the real resistance .
They are the lung through which Gaza breathes .
True , missiles must pass along their subterranean tracks , Qassam rockets , too , Kalashnikov ammunition , explosives .
But by far the greatest burden of the tunnellers of Gaza is the very life - blood of this besieged little pseudo - Islamic statelet : fresh meat , oranges , chocolate , shirts , trousers , toys , cigarettes , wedding dresses , paper , entire motor - cars in four bits , car batteries , even plastic bottle tops .
The tunnellers of Gaza are bombed by the Israelis , they die in their own collapsing tunnels – and now they face a new Egyptian wall , even the fear of drowning .
Terrorists they may be to the Israelis – the promiscuous use of this word makes it fairly meaningless these days – but heroes they are to the Palestinians of Gaza .
Rich ones , too , perhaps .
But right now , Abdul - Halim al - Mohsen is worried about the Egyptians .
He sits by the spitting log fire near the shaft of his tunnel , turning his hands to the flames , breathing in the thick blue smoke , a vast white tent above him casting his fellow - tunnellers into Rembrandt - like shadow , half - faces , thick pullovers , bright flames amid the gloom , the generator purring in the corner .
" Of course I 'm afraid of the Egyptian wall , " al - Mohsen says .
" They will pour water down .
How can we defeat this ?
We may drown . "
He holds out the palms of his hands towards me in that familiar " what - can - we - do ? " gesture of so many Palestinians – but he is speaking in a matter - of - fact voice .
The tunnels beneath the Gaza - Egyptian frontier are a business , a professional 's game , Israel 's bombs a challenge rather than a problem .
There 's even a four - truck miniature railway down one of the shafts .
Money makes the wheels go round .
True to their treaties with Israel and the Quartet ( of Lord Blair of Kut al - Amara fame ) , the Egyptians announced last month that they will build a wall – walls being the currency of the Middle East these days , from Kabul and Baghdad to the West Bank – between the southern - most rubble of the Palestinian Gaza Strip and Egypt , in order to break through and close down the " terrorist " tunnels .
Foreign NGOs in Gaza dismiss this as the usual Egyptian window - dressing to please the Israelis – which means to please the Americans – adding that the Egyptian wall will only descend 18 feet beneath the ground , falling far short of the tunnels ' depth .
Perhaps it is in the tunnellers ' interest to be more pessimistic .
Al - Mohsen seems genuinely troubled by the Egyptian initiative .
" If they flood our tunnel , our dangers increase , " he says .
" It takes an hour to get out of the tunnel if we are stooping or on our hands and knees .
When the Israelis are bombing , we clamber through to the Egyptian end – the Israelis wo n't bomb the Egyptian side – but if the Egyptians stop us , we will be caught by the bombing if the tunnel collapses . "
I wonder about this , especially when Abu Wadieh invites us to look at the cavernous vault which opens in the far corner of the tent .
This is no dirt hole in the ground but a solidly built stone - and - brick vertical tunnel , almost 15 feet in width and 90 feet deep – so deep that I can scarcely see the tiny arms of the men far below me as they heap bags of fruit on to a big steel hook – and more than half a mile long .
A hawser whisks the bags to the surface as the generator whines and the men at the rim of the tunnel give them a gentle push so that they swing back into their arms .
These men know their job .
All profess to be uninterested in politics , of course .
No weapons pass through their tunnel .
Oh no , indeed .
A truck has backed into the tent , a squad of men piling fruit and vegetables and furniture and bottles of Egyptian Coca - Cola on to the lorry .
I ask al - Mohsen – he swears he will be a construction engineer if peace ( a muffled gasp here ) looms – for his inspiration .
He 's seen pictures of tunnels before and he saw a film long ago in which foreign prisoners – British – escaped from a German camp through a tunnel .
Of course .
The Great Escape !
Richard Attenborough and James Garner and Steve McQueen and the truck on railway lines which ferries them out of their Stalag .
It accounts for the professional quality of the tunnel – even for the underground railway line .
Though I do n't choose to remind al - Mohsen of what happened to Attenborough .
But this is no laughing business .
NGOs estimate that Hamas skims 15 per cent of the profits off the tunnellers ' turnover , giving that august institution – excoriated by Israel , the US and Europe ever since they had the temerity to win the 2006 Palestinian elections – a quiet $ 350 m ( £ 225 m ) income per annum .
So while the world blockades Gaza and condemns the 1.5 million souls here to penury and – in some cases – near - starvation , Hamas supplies itself with all the concrete , building materials , iron and weapons that its plentiful supplies of money can buy .
While the EU gutlessly allows Israel to deprive Palestinian civilians of cement to rebuild their homes after last year 's bloodbath in Gaza – because Hamas might use the cement to build bunkers – Hamas itself has more than enough cement to build a city of bunkers or a fleet of mosques , not to mention the buildings it has erected opposite Israeli troops at Erez .
In other words , the tunnels keep Hamas in pocket and Gaza alive .
The Palestinian poor , of course , have to be fed by the United Nations .
The tunnels thus represent not just a series of blood vessels between Gaza and Egypt , but a massive international hypocrisy .
Abu Wadieh , who employs 35 men working in and above al - Mohsen 's tunnel , stands beside the crackling fire , a kuffiah wound round his head like a builder 's helmet , rubbing his hands in the cold wind that pours into the tent as the latest truck carries its riches off to Gaza City .
" I 'm afraid the men will all leave if there 's another war , " he says .
" But they are experts .
They know what to do . "
Bruce Pilbrow of the organisation Parents Inc. told the New Zealand Herald it was " horrifically sad " the woman had to sell herself to meet tuition costs , but sexologist Blair Bishop describing it as " just a novel form of sex work " .
If voters in the US or the UK had been given a vote on whether their governments should inject trillions of dollars into their banks ( in the form of loans , guarantees and investments ) , it is pretty likely that those referenda would have been lost .
Most opinion polls indicated that citizens were furious with their banks - and were not persuaded that letting them fail would wreak the kind of economic havoc that would impoverish all of us .
So most economists , central bankers and finance ministers would probably say that we should be grateful that in America and Britain the people are n't quite as sovereign ( if that makes sense ) as in Iceland .
However most of us should surely empathise with the majority of Icelanders who do n't see why they should be punished for the greed and stupidity of a handful of banks and bankers .
Actually , let 's be clear : they will vote in their referendum on whether they should be punished yet more for the mistakes of their banks ; there 's no doubt that Iceland and its citizens have already been firmly spanked for the failures of their financial system .
Icelanders ' real disposable incomes fell almost 20 % last year and are forecast to fall a further 15.8 % this year .
In other words , each of them will be a third poorer on average as a result of the deep dark recession caused by the collapse of their over - stretched banks .
Of course , they all became unsustainably wealthier during the boom years of the early - to - mid noughties , when hot money gushed into high - interest rate Iceland as part of the global carry trade and was re-lent and re-invested all over Europe , but especially in the UK .
That said , losing income is always painful , irrespective of whether that income is sustainable and deserved in some fundamental economic sense .
And by the way , those of you who put your money into Icesave accounts for the extra increment of interest that was n't available from more mainstream banks : well , you too could well be charged with fecklessness and with receiving unsustainably high returns .
Yet you have been bailed out , by Her Majesty 's Treasury - which is now insisting that Icelands ' beleaguered citizens pay it back .
So let 's be honest , Icelanders ' reluctance to dig into their pockets to the tune of £ 3.4bn to repay Britain and the Netherlands is understandable .
And for me what this saga illustrates is something I 've been banging on about for ages , which is the democratic deficit between people and finance , between citizens and big banks .
Icelanders now know , more than any nation on earth , that when banks run into difficulties , they have to be bailed out by all taxpayers .
We 've learned that too .
But we were n't as aware of it as we should have been , before the crisis .
And , arguably , we have n't yet been properly consulted on what kind of banking system we want , what kind of risks we think the banks should run , for the future .
Given the economic price we 've all paid for the reckless behaviour of banks , it 's perhaps surprising that we 're not all as angry as the Icelanders .
Today on Comcast ’s earnings call Brian Roberts and Steve Burke talked about Xfinity , the new brand for our technology platform and products .
Simply put , XFINITY is about offering our customers more — more HD , more speed , more choice and more control over their services .
XFINITY is the culmination of years of work to transition Comcast ’s network and products to a platform that will now offer 100 +
HD channels , 50 to 70 foreign - language channels , approaching 20,000 +
VOD choices , incredibly fast Internet speeds ( 50 Mbps growing to 100 + Mbps ) and thousands of TV shows and movies online for our customers to watch whenever and wherever they want .
XFINITY represents the future of our company and it ’s a promise to customers that we ’ll keep innovating .
When we launch XFINITY in a market , we ’ll rebrand our products : XFINITY TV , XFINITY Voice and XFINITY Internet ( our company , of course , remains Comcast ) .
This transition is already well underway across the country .
Next week , XFINITY will roll out in 11 markets including : Boston , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington D.C. , Chicago , Portland , Seattle , Hartford , Augusta , Chattanooga , parts of the Bay Area and San Francisco , with more markets to come later this year .
I ’ve been in the industry for 11 years and I ’ve never seen change move as rapidly as it does today .
It ’s hard to believe that we first launched VOD in 2003 and since then customers have viewed more than 14 billion movies , TV shows , music videos , etc .
In 2004 , the fastest Internet speeds were 6 Mbps .
Now we ’re offering 50 Mbps in XFINITY markets , and those speeds will keep increasing to 100 +
Mbps and even faster in the future .
Only a few years ago , innovation in our industry meant giving customers not one , but six HBO channels .
Now , if you get HBO from Comcast , you also get hundreds of top HBO shows and movies on demand plus you can watch even more online .
Today you can watch 19,000 + movies and TV shows from networks like HBO , CBS , Starz , Hallmark , TBS , TNT Discovery online .
We are working toward a future that brings exponentially more content choices to consumers across platforms with an initiative that we call Project Infinity .
We first introduced Project Infinity at CES in 2008 and thousands of people have been working hard at Comcast to make it a reality .
Technology continues to change the way people experience entertainment .
We ’re working hard to continuously improve that experience .
We ’re moving from thousands of entertainment choices to tens of thousands , making our high - speed Internet service even faster while at the same time providing fast 4G wireless data services .
We ’re also giving consumers more control over their content and the ability to watch their favorite shows online .
In addition , we ’re developing new cross-platform and mobile features like : remote DVR , Universal Caller ID , an interactive home telephone , apps for iPhones and the ability to use a remote control to order products and services while watching TV .
And we ’re backing it all up with our Customer Guarantee .
As entertainment continues to shift from the living room to " anytime , anywhere , " we ’ll continue to dramatically evolve all of our products under the XFINITY brand .
While I ca n’t predict the future , I do know one thing for sure : this is the just the beginning .
Hey guys , we know you like to have your fun , voice your opinions , and argue over your favorite gear , but over the past few days the tone in comments has really gotten out of hand .
What is normally a charged -- but fun -- environment for our users and editors has become mean , ugly , pointless , and frankly threatening in some situations ... and that 's just not acceptable .
Some of you out there in the world of anonymous grandstanding have gotten the impression that you run the place , but that 's simply not the case .
Luckily , our commenting community makes up only a small percentage of our readership ( and the bad eggs an even smaller part of that number ) , so while they may be loud , they do n't speak for most people who come to Engadget looking for tech news .
Regardless , we 're going to crank things down for a little bit to let everyone just cool off , and we 'll switch them back on when we feel like we 've shaken some of the trolls and spammers loose from the branches ( AKA swing the banhammer in our downtime ) .
See you on the other side !
Shock : Obama Forced to ' Order ' Follow - Ups of Terrorist Tips President pledges ' accountability ' but no one fired for systemic intel failures .
Jan. 7 , 2010  --
In a revealing admission , President Barack Obama said today he was directing U.S. intelligence agencies to begin to do something many had assumed they were already doing : " [ A ] ssigning specific responsibility for investigating all leads on high priority threats so that these leads are pursued and acted upon aggressively . "
" That is a shock because we had such a follow - up system when I was there , " said Richard Clarke , the White House counter - terrorism director in the Clinton and Bush administrations .
Clarke , who worked on the Obama transition team , is now an ABC News consultant .
The President said he would hold his staff accountable but said no one person was responsible or would be fired .
" Ultimately the buck stops with me , " the President said .
In announcing his review of the failures that allowed a " known terrorist " to board a flight to Detroit with a bomb on Christmas Day , the President said there was " a failure to connect the dots of intelligence that existed across our intelligence community . "
The review found that " no single component of the counter - terrorism community assumed responsibility for the threat reporting and followed it through . "
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab was apprehended on Christmas after allegedly attempting to detonate explosives sewn into his underwear on a Northwest Airlines flight from Amsterdam to Detroit .
After the incident , Abdulmutallab's father revealed that he had contacted U.S. officials in Nigeria and warned them that his 23 - year - old son had extreme views and might pose a threat to the U.S .
The Los Angeles Times reported Wednesday that U.S. authorities had plans to question Abdulmutallab when he landed in Detroit because of State Department concerns about extremist ties .
Among the key shortcomings in intelligence that the President cited in his speech were a lack of follow - up by the various intelligence agencies and a failure to confront the growing threat posted by Yemen 's al Qaeda offshoot , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) .
Abdulmutallab's Name Misspelled
The review singled out the National Counterterrorism Center and the CIA for criticism , saying they had failed to search all databases for information about Abdulmutallab .
It also noted that the State Department initially failed to realize Abdulmutallab had a valid U.S. visa because his name was misspelled .
However , the President specifically denied that a failure to share information had allowed Abdulmutallab to slip through the net .
" Rather than a failure to collect or share intelligence , " said the President , " this was a failure to connect and understand the intelligence that was already there . "
After 9/11 , the intelligence community was criticized for a failure to share information across agencies .
The National Counterterrorism Center was formed after 9/11 expressly to address this lack of communication .
In a briefing after the President 's remarks , counterterrorism advisor John Brennan said he had personally let the president down .
Brennan said that the intelligence and law enforcement community had done a " stellar " job over the past year .
" It was in this one instance that we did not rise to that same level of competence and success . "
Brennan said the president had told him he must do better .
Said Brennan , " I told him that I will do better and we will do better as a team . "
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
SOHIAN , India — India 's Green Revolution is withering .
In the 1970s , India dramatically increased food production , finally allowing this giant country to feed itself .
But government efforts to continue that miracle by encouraging farmers to use fertilizers have backfired , forcing the country to expand its reliance on imported food .
India has ...
KDevelop4 Beta8
February 13 , 2010 at 6:48 pm | Posted in KDevelop | 10 Comments
I ’m pleased to announce ( as first as it seems ) that KDevelop4 released its 8th Beta .
This is mostly a bugfix release as we are slowly ( but steadily ) moving towards a final release .
There ’s going to be another Beta soon with ( hopefully ) some more features as the KDevelop / Kate Sprint just started .
Additionally to kdevelop + kdevplatform you ’ll find Beta ’s of various php-related plugins on the KDE mirros .
These plugins enable language support ( code - completion and navigation ) , php-documentation view and debugging of php code ( both standalone and inside a browser via xdebug ) .
These are provided by Milian Wolf and Niko Sams , so join # kdevelop and give them a hug for providing such outstanding php support 🙂
For those eager to try out ( and when the distro has n’t built packages yet ) , you can find the files on the KDE mirrors
# 1 - Javan Rhinoceros ( found in Indonesia and Vietnam )
# 2 - Vaquita ( found in Gulf of California )
# 3 - Cross River Gorilla ( found in Nigeria and Cameroon )
# 4 - Sumatran Tiger ( found Sumatra , in Indonesia )
# 5 - Golden - Headed Langur ( found in Vietnam )
# 6 - Black - Footed Ferret ( found in North American Great Plains )
# 7 - Borneo Pygmy Elephant ( found in Sabah , Northern Borneo )
# 8 - Giant Panda ( found in China , Burma , Vietnam )
# 9 - Polar Bear ( found in The circumpolar Arctic )
# 10 - Mekong Giant Catfish ( found in Mekong region of Southeast Asia )
Im really big into animals , and big into the conservation of Endangered Species , and i know most people are aware of the crisis going on with the extinction of so many species every day , but i wanted to post this for those who were n't awareenjoythese are the 10 most ciritically Endangered Animals on the Planet , Number remaining : fewer than 60 Perhaps the planet 's rarest large mammal .
Its horn is prized by poachers , and its forests are prized by developers .
Both could spell doom for the species .
Number remaining : 200 to 300
One of the rarest cetaceans in the world , the Vaquita is endangered by both its limited range and the ease with which it gets caught in fishing nets .
Number remaining : fewer than 300 Thought to be extinct in the 1980s , the species is holding on , for now .
Hunted for bush meat and crowded out by development , it may not last long .
Number remaining : fewer than 600 This small tiger has lived only in Sumatra for a million years , making it hard to escape human expansion .
Most survivors dwell in reserves , but about 100 live beyond the borders of the protected areas .
Number remaining : fewer than 70
All but wiped out , this primate was placed under protection in 2000 .
It is still in grave danger , but in 2003 its numbers rose for the first time in decades .
Number remaining : about 1,000
The continent 's only native ferret is one of its most endangered mammals .
In 1986 , there were only 18 individuals left , but the species is clawing back .
Number remaining : about 1,500 Shorter than the Asian elephant by about 20 in . ( 50 cm ) , the Borneo pygmy elephant is also more docile .
Palm plantations have reduced its range , leaving it crowded for space .
Number remaining : fewer than 2,000 Loss and fragmentation of habitat are to blame for the panda 's perilous state .
Captive breeding and species protection are helping the panda hang on — barely .
Number remaining : fewer than 25,000
Human development and poaching have long threatened the polar bear , but climate change and the loss of sea ice are now pushing it onto the critical listNumber remaining : hundreds Prized for its enormous size ( the largest ever caught was 646 lb. , or 293 kg ) , it is now protected in Thailand , Laos and Cambodia , but fishing goes on .
if we continue to desecrate this world , and treat it as if nothing else but our needs matter , then we are sad indeed , conservation is key to keeping our world alive , i for one , want to be able to share with them the animals i love , not just in pictures and in old stories but for real [ edit on 2/10/2010 by BringMeTheHorizon ]
Real Estate Letters ...
Build A Business - Dominate Your Market
Mailing Real Estate Letters is an easy and affordable way to brand your business and increase your earnings ... and while they may not
address all of your prospecting needs real estate letter campaigns they can help you establish an affordable renewable source of leads in all markets , good & bad .
Mailing Letters is arguably the most common way of generating leads .
With them you 'll most likely experience some success generating prospects and without them you 're just giving business away to your competition .
Following is a brief collection of letters that many agents are successfully using in their marketing plans .
Is n't it about time that you start using them , too ?
Expired Listing Letters
Expired Listing Letters - I Averaged 2 Plus Listings a
Week using these letters .
Included is an Expired Listing Log , a Marketing Update Checklist and an Ebook that includes a script of what to say when prospects call to do business with you .
Visit Main Page
Power Real Estate Letters
Power Real Estate Letters - This 50 Letter Set with 50 Matching Reports is perfect for letter campaigns and web site content .
You can spend hundreds of hours writing them yourself , or buy and use these in the same day .
Visit Main Page
For Sale By Owner Letters
FSBO Letters - Farming FSBOs is not for the meek or timid , as you 'll encounter lots of rejection .
However , with these letters you can Convert For Sale By Owner properties to new listings pretty easily and with almost zero rejection .
Visit Main Page
Keys To Your SUCCE $ $ $ $ $ $
Your success starts with using well written letters , like these !
They 're proven effective and ready to use with little need to change anything about them .
They 're also affordable , so no matter how little money you have to invest in your success you can afford these .
When used together these letters will always be generating leads .
Our letter sets are available for your immediate download and use .
Each set comes with written instructions containing suggested ways to maximize their effectiveness .
Best of all is they 're Risk Free !
Try them for yourself and if you 're completely satisfied with them I 'll refund your money - 100 % - no questions asked .
I even recommend that you call me before ordering them to see if there 's a live person associated with this website .
My phone number is on the " Contact " page found on the left side column of this page .
Try Our Letters Risk Free for 90 Days !
These Letters come with a Satisfaction Or Money Back Guarantee !
If you are dissatisfied with them for any reason I 'll Immediately Refund 100 % of Your Money with No Questions Asked .
Do you know of any other Letter Sets offering this kind of guarantee ?
Ready To Order ?
Click Here To Get The Expired Listing Letters Package
Click Here To Get The Set of FSBO Letters
Click Here To Get The Set of Power Real Estate Letters
Happy Prospecting !
Home Page > Real Estate Letters
More About Real Estate Marketing Letters
Expired Listing Letter Letters For Real Estate Agents Letters To Expired Listings Power Real Estate Letter Real Estate Agent Cover Letter Real Estate Business Letters Real Estate Agent Introduction Letter Real Estate Farming Letters Real Estate Introduction Letter Real Estate Introduction Letters Real Estate Listing Letters Real Estate Marketing Letters Real Estate Prospecting Letter Real Estate Prospecting Letters Real Estate Sales Letters Sample Real Estate Introduction Letter Sample Power Real Estate Letter Sample Real Estate Letter Sample Real Estate Letters Sample Real Estate Marketing Letter Top Ten Ways To Write Real Estate Letters
Damon
Hill has criticised the new layout that will be used for this year 's British Grand Prix at Silverstone .
Hill , who is president of the British Racing Drivers ' Club , which owns the Northamptonshire - based circuit , told British newspaper , The Daily Mail , that the ? 5 million re-design is a ' frustrating compromise that risks destroying the essence of what brought fans to F1 in the first place ' .
His comments follow the confirmation on Thursday that event will take place on the new ' Arena Grand Prix Circuit ' in July after it got the okay from Formula One Management [ see separate story - click here ] .
" If you are asking me to say it 's fantastic , I 'm afraid I am not going to do that .
I am not satisfied that we will be providing the best facility we could , " Hill told the tabloid ' paper .
" More money goes out of the sport than comes in .
It means we have to be as tight as a duck 's backside .
We need every penny to survive .
You end up having to do things you do n't want to .
It is very frustrating . "
While the majority of Silverstone 's familiar straights and high - speed corners are retained in the Arena layout , the significant change takes the drivers right at Abbey - instead of the previous left towards Farm Straight , Bridge and Priory - and sends them in the direction of Becketts and into the new Arena complex , which has been designed with a view to creating three new overtaking opportunities .
The revised circuit then links up with the old National Straight before rejoining the previous Grand Prix layout at ' Brooklands ' .
" It is fast , exciting corners that drivers love , " Hill added .
" It is what fans love .
So , it 's illogical not to concentrate on developing the sporting challenge .
I have the idea of my perfect , fantasy track and that 's not what we are building . "
Silverstone Circuits MD
Richard Phillips meanwhile was more pragmatic and added that the new design , which was initially done for the arrival of MotoGP at the circuit , does have definite pluses .
" We have been very careful , working closely with drivers and riders , to make sure we are improving and enhancing what Silverstone already has to offer - from a drivers , riders and spectators point of view , " he noted .
" Some will miss not seeing modern day F1 cars accelerating through Bridge , but we have to move with the times and continue looking at ways to improve the overall experience .
" The new layout will bring an extra dimension to Silverstone , a new challenge for the drivers , and will enable fans to get closer to the action .
We have a very exciting year ahead of us , with F1 , MotoGP and World Superbikes all coming to Silverstone , and I can't wait to see how the drivers and riders tackle the new circuit . "
Stupid Media Tricks
Michael Savage on marijuana .
[ Obligatory keep - things - that - can - break - away - from - you warning ]
I got about halfway through it .
Kay Lazar of the Boston Globe does a strange and incomprehensible hit piece on marijuana : As Pot -Smoking , Pill - Popping Baby Boomers Age , New Health Problems May Arise .
It ’s an entire feature article with absolutely no facts .
A lot of random unfocused speculation that pot and “ other drugs ” ( I love the way they lump them together to make wild speculations ) will cause some heretofore unknown dangerous effect on an entire generation , that tons of old people will overwhelm treatment centers because of their pot addictions , and that doctors will misdiagnose pot ’s short term memory effects as dementia .
Complete with “ experts ” saying absolutely nothing .
“ We need to help [ patients ] to either cut down or stop use earlier , ” Delany said , “ so we will have fewer problems when they ’re older and it is more expensive to treat them . ”
Treat what ?
The munchies ?
Check out this headline in the Vancouver Sun : Marijuana Does Nothing To Help Memory In Alzheimer ’s : Study
And the lede re-emphasizes the point :
Marijuana does not appear to improve memory or reverse effects of Alzheimer ’s disease , according to a University of B.C. study …
That ’s too bad .
When there had been some preliminary evidence that marijuana might have some potential in treating Alzheimer ’s , it sounded pretty exciting , and I was hoping there would be some more research to determine if it was true .
But I guess this is just one of those things that does n’t pan out .
They obviously did a thorough study that proved that marijuana does n’t have any value to human Alzheimer patients .
Let ’s check it out .
How many Alzheimer ’s patients were involved in the study ?
Six researchers affiliated with the Vancouver Coastal Health Research Institute used a synthetic derivative of cannabis called HU210 , which is 100 to 800 times more potent than marijuana consumed by humans .
In experiments , mice were initially taught how to get to a desired location in a maze .
The mice that got high dose HU210 did no better than control subject mice , which got no drug , or those that got a low dose .
The study was done on a total of nearly 100 mice — a third that got a high - dose drug injection , a third that got a lower dose and a control group that did n’t get the drug but still had a sham injection to produce the same conditions . [… ]
After the experiments , mice were killed and their brains were examined .
Post - mortems showed mice that got the highest dose of the drug had fewer brain cells , pointing to a detrimental effect of marijuana .
[ emphasis added ]
Well , that certainly cleared that up .
If you ’re a mouse attempting to navigate a maze , do n’t bother injecting yourself with a massive dose of HU210 .
It ’s probably not going to help you .
And they ’ll still remove your brain .
my name is mr winters .
i'd like to buy two or three in case one gets boring .
you know how that goes .
am i right fellas ?
women .
oh my that deserves a good chuckle .
lol i think is what the kids say .
i'm prepared to drop close to 10000 on those things so be a dear and help a fine gentleman out .
Excerpt from the Nature article here
Central to the Russell investigation is the issue of whether he or his CRU colleagues ever published data that they knew were potentially flawed , in order to bolster the evidence for man-made global warming .
The claim specifically relates to one of Jones ’s research papers1 on whether the urban heat island effect — in which cities tend to be warmer than the surrounding countryside — could be responsible for the apparent rise in temperature readings from thermometers in the late twentieth century .
Jones ’s study concluded that this local effect was negligible , and that the dominant effect was global climate change .
In the paper , the authors used data from weather stations around the world ; those in China “ were selected on the basis of station history : we chose those with few , if any , changes in instrumentation , location or observation times ” , they wrote .
But in 2007 , amateur climate - data analyst Doug Keenan alleged that this claim was false , citing evidence that many of the stations in eastern China had been moved throughout the period of study .
Because the raw data had been obtained from a Chinese contact of one of Jones ’s co-authors , Wei-Chyung Wang of the University at Albany in New York , and details of their location had subsequently been lost , there was no way of verifying or refuting Keenan ’s claim .
Jones says that approaching Wang for the Chinese data seemed sensible at the time .
“ I thought it was the right way to get the data .
I was specifically trying to get more rural station data that was n’t routinely available in real time from [ meteorological ] services , ” says Jones , who asserts that standards for data collection have changed considerably in the past twenty years .
He now acknowledges that “ the stations probably did move ” , and that the subsequent loss of the details of the locations was sloppy .
“ It ’s not acceptable , ” says Jones .
“ [ It ’s ] not best practice . ” CRU denies any involvement in losing these records .
Jones says that he did not know that the weather stations ’ locations were questionable when they were included in the paper , but as the study ’s lead author he acknowledges his responsibility for ensuring the quality of the data .
So will he submit a correction to Nature ?
“ I will give that some thought .
It ’s worthy of consideration , ” he says .
The full Nature article is here
======================================
Doug Keenan writes in a comment to the nature article :
This news report discusses my work on the Chinese weather - station data , but provides no references for that work .
The main reference is this : Keenan , D. J. Energy & Environment , 18 , 985-995 ( 2007 ) .
It is freely available on the web .
The news report also misrepresents my allegations .
My principal allegation is that some of the data on station histories never existed .
Specifically , Jones et al. ( 1990 ) claim to have sourced their data from a report that was published by the U.S. Department of Energy and the Chinese Academy of Sciences .
Yet for 49 of the 84 meteorological stations that Jones et al. relied upon , the DOE / CAS Report states “ station histories are not currently available ” and “ details regarding instrumentation , collection methods , changes in station location or observing times … are not known ” .
Those statements imply that the quoted claim from Jones et al. is impossible : “ stations were selected on the basis of station history : we chose those with few , if any , changes in instrumentation , location or observation times ” .
My paper presents more details ; some updates are available via http://www.informath.org/apprise/a5620.htm .
I have also alleged that , by 2001 , Jones knew there were severe problems with the Chinese research and yet he continued using that research–including allowing it to be relied on by the IPCC 2007 Assessment Report .
Evidence is in Section 2.4 of my 2007 paper .
Jones was one of the reviewers for my paper ( the reviewer tally was 2 - 1 for acceptance , with Jones being the 1 ) .
Although Jones had many comments , he did not attempt to dispute this allegation .
Additional support for the latter allegation is given in my submission to the UK House of Commons Science and Technology Committee .
A copy of my submission is available via http://www.informath.org/apprise/a5610.htm
.
The submission additionally alleges that Jones acted unscrupulously when he was reviewing my paper .
The news report further claims that “ e- mails and documents were illegally obtained from the university ” .
In fact , it is not known whether the leak of the e-mails and documents was illegal : the leak might be covered under whistle - blower legislation .
Lastly , with regard to Jones ’ question “ Why do n’t they do their own reconstructions ? ” , the answer is that the data has not been released .
In particular , regarding the Medieval Warm Period , what is arguably the most valuable tree - ring data extant remains unavailable .
Details on that are at http://www.informath.org/apprise/a3900.htm .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Mr Blair denied that he had deceived the country or Parliament about the reasons for going to war , or over Iraq ’s ability to launch WMD .
He defended his assertion in the notorious dossier of September 2002 , which made the case for war , that the intelligence services had established “ beyond doubt ” that Saddam had WMD .
“ I did believe it and I did believe it was beyond doubt , ” he said .
“ It was hard to come to any other conclusion than that this person is continuing WMD programmes . ”
VN : F [ 1.9.8_1114 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 9.8/10 ( 4 votes cast )
The internet is serious business and so are tattoos .
That ’s might be all they have in common since the internet is fickle and ever changing and tattoos are forever .
Take ‘em or leave ‘em here are the best and worst internet meme inspired tattoos .
Keyboard Cat 4 Life
“ Play him off , Keyboard Cat . ”
Internet Hate Machine Mudkip Tattoo
This tattoo combines two classic internet memes , “ i herd u like mudkips ” and internet hate machine .
And for the internet ’s entertainment , he got the tattoo live on Justin.
tv
STFU NOOB Knuckle Tattoos
Sorry , we could n’t find a TITS or GTFO knuckle tattoo .
LOLcat Tattoo
I can haz tattoo ?
Domo -Kun Tattoo
Every time you get a tattoo God kills a kitten .
The cake is a lie Tattoo
Yeah , Portal started that whole “ the cake is a lie ” thing , but the internet wo n’t let it die .
Coolface Tattoo
Also known as troll face or “ problem ? ” face .
Pedobear Tattoo
[ insert pedobear ascii here ]
RTFM Tattoo
The next time someone asks you for technical advice IRL , just flash the RTFM lip tattoo .
Robocop on a Unicorn Tattoo
Yep , it ’s a meme , and there ’s a flickr pool .
Three Wolf Moon Tattoo
Pros : Fits back , has wolves on it , attracts women
Cons : Only 3 wolves ( could probably use a few more on the ‘ guns ’ ) , wolves would have been better if they were done in UV ink .
All Your Base Tattoo
All your tattoo are belong to us .
You are on the way to laser surgery .
Fail Whale Tattoo
The fail whale has its own fansite , so why not a tattoo ?
The next couple of tatts are NSFW , so click the links at your own risk .
Goatse Chest Piece –
You ca n’t say we did n’t warn you , unlike the jerks that goaste ’d you the first time .
2 Girls 1 Cup Tattoo –
We wonder if this will inspire reaction tattoos .
VN : F [ 1.9.8_1114 ]
Rating : 0 ( from 0 votes )
Рокс казино – выбор игроков , которые привыкли побеждат ь
Рокс казино – это офшорная онлайн - площадка для азартных игр .
На официальном сайте клуб а Rox Casino пользователи могут играть в слоты , рулетку , а также в множество настольных игр .
Общая информация об игровом клуб е
Rox Casino предлагает различные азартные развлечения и игровые автоматы .
Казино отличается от многих других тем , что дает возможность использовать несколько валют на одном аккаунте .
Владеет игровым клубо м Rox Casino компани я GALAKTIKA N.V. , зарегистрированная на Кюрасао .
Casino Рокс функционирует согласно лицензии Кюрасао Antillephone N.V .
На территории РФ онлайн казино блокируетс я
Роскомнадзором , поэтому , чтобы зайти на сайт , необходимо воспользоваться одним из способов обхода госблокировки : зеркало , VPN , прокси и т. д.
Регистрация в казин о Рокс
Чтобы зарегистрироваться на официальном сайт е
Rox Casino , сначала нажмите на кнопку « Регистрация » в верхнем левом углу веб -ресурса .
Затем сделайте следующее :
введите регистрационные данные email , пароль ; выберите валюту счета ; укажите стартовый бону с Casino Рокс , наведя на соответствующее изображение справа и нажав кнопку « Активировать » ; в самом низу окна регистрации поставьте первый переключатель в положение вкл. , если хотите получать информацию об акциях и бонуса х Rox Casino ; нажмите « Зарегистрироваться » ; подтвердите учетную запись , нажав на соответствующую кнопку в присланном письме на указанный ранее электронный почтовый ящик .
Также на веб -ресурс е
Рокс казино можно зарегистрироваться , используя одну из предложенных социальных сетей .
Доступна регистрация с помощь ю Телеграм , ВКонтакте , Одноклассники , Facebook , Mail.ru , Яндекс , Google + .
Следует отметить , что официальный сайт казино предлагает регистрацию с использованием промокода .
Специальный код , полученный от партнеров компани и Rox Casino , дает определенный стартовый бонус .
Если у вас есть промокод , при регистрации кликните на ссылк у « У меня есть бонус - код » , а после введите соответствующую комбинацию букв и цифр .
Чтобы иметь возможность совершить первый депозит и начать играть на Rox Casino , необходимо заполнить подраздел личного кабинет а
« Мой профиль » запрашиваемыми данными .
Официальный сайт Rox Casino
Главная страница онлайн казино встречает игрока стильным слайдером с видеоподложкой .
Справа у края страницы есть две кнопки : « Подарочные бонусы » , « Случайная игра » .
Первая ведет в раздел бонусов компании .
Вторая кнопка запускает любую игру или игровой автомат из доступных на веб -ресурс е Rox Casino .
Основные разделы официального сайта игрового клуб а Rox Casino :
3 Indio mobile homes catch fire Wednesday , authorities say
The blaze was reported around 3:10 p.m. Wednesday in the 81000 block of Avenue 46 , according to Cal Fire .
Scans from Street Games — Throwing , Growing , Eeny , Meeny , Miney , Moing by Alan Milberg , 1976 .
With fine lessons such as , “ There can be no peaceful settlement by negotiation since the subjects are equally power hungry . ”
This set at hi-res on flickr
The mouthspray contains derivatives of cannabis
Cancer patients who used a cannabis mouthspray had their level of pain reduced by 30 % , a study has shown .
The cannabis - based spray , like a mouth freshener , was used on 177 patients by researchers from Edinburgh University .
They found it reduced pain levels by 30 % in a group of cancer patients , all in the Edinburgh area , who had not been helped by morphine or other medicines .
The spray was developed so that it did not affect the mental state of patients in the way that using cannabis would .
The researchers said their findings , reported in the Journal of Pain and Symptom Management , did not justify smoking cannabis as this could increase the risk of cancer .
Site of pain
They said the spray worked by activating molecules in the body called cannabinoid receptors which can stop nerve signals being sent to the brain from the site of pain .
Professor Marie Fallon , of the Edinburgh Cancer Research Centre at Edinburgh University , said : " These early results are very promising and demonstrate that cannabis - based medicines may deliver effective treatment for people with severe pain .
" Prescription of these drugs can be very useful in combating debilitating pain , but it is important to understand the difference between their medical and recreational use . "
Use Your Coupons More Effectively
You know that coupons can help you save money when you go to the store .
But many people find that they are only getting a dollar or two off their entire order .
Sure , every little bit helps , but it can be discouraging to see a bill of $ 95 reduced to only $ 90 after you ’re done with coupons .
The good news is that there are ways to use your coupons more effectively .
Here are some tips for maximizing your coupon use :
Make a shopping list first :
Before you even look at your coupons , make a shopping list .
Figure out what you need , from food to toiletries to household items .
Then only get coupons for what you need .
Do n’t buy something you do n’t need just because you have a coupon .
That ’s a good way to spend more money than you need to .
Be flexible about brands :
You do n’t have to get the same brand of paper towels every time .
Get a different brand if that ’s what the coupon is for .
Shop strategically : Consider what ’s on sale .
If you have a coupon for a sale item , even better !
Also , consider your supplies .
While having a stockpile of items you need is a good idea , do n’t get too carried away .
Buying more of something when you already have an ample supply can be money draining .
Pay attention to sale cycles :
This goes along with shopping strategically .
Sales on certain items go in cycles .
Plan ahead so that you know when sales are likely to be , and , if you can save your coupons for that time to get the best bang for your buck .
Remember that the best deals are on household items :
Buying a bunch of junk food because it ’s on sale is a good way to pay more in health care costs down the road .
Instead , focus on the savings you can get on bulk sales combined with coupons for household items .
The money you save can be used to purchase fruits and vegetables , and other healthier food choices .
Organize your coupons :
You can buy coupon organizers for a small amount of money .
Take a few minutes each week to examine your shopping list , and your coupons and get rid of the expired coupons .
Then put the organizer in your car so that you can take it with you .
Combine couponing with savings cards :
If you frequent a store enough to warrant a discount card , make use of it .
You can get special savings , and discounts for your coupons .
Sign up for programs that send you extra coupons in the mail .
This can give you an extra savings boost .
Look online :
You probably know that there are a ton of places where you can get online coupons .
After you ’ve made your list , go to your favorite two or three online coupon places and see if you can find coupons for those items .
Then , combine those coupons with what you have already in coupons .
Before you get too excited , though , make sure that you understand the store ’s coupon policy .
Some wo n’t take double coupons , and others wo n’t take online coupons .
Make sure you understand how it works so that you do n’t get caught at checkout .
It may take a little practice before you get it all down .
But there are those who manage to save up to 50 % or more on their shopping each week , just by maximizing the efficiency of their coupons .
It requires a little sacrifice of time , and some planning , but it can be done .
MPEG LA is the world ’s leading packager and provider of one - stop licenses for standards and other technology platforms .
We developed the pool market space .
Our “ many - to - many licensing model ” has revolutionized the way patent holders , developers and users think about the intellectual property market creating reasonable access and profitable opportunities for everyone .
By assisting users with implementation of their technology choices , MPEG LA offers licensing solutions that provide access to fundamental intellectual property , freedom to operate , reduced litigation risk and predictability in the business planning process .
In turn , this enables inventors , research institutions and other technology owners to monetize and speed market adoption of their assets to a worldwide market while substantially reducing the cost of licensing .
​ MPEG LA licensing programs consisting of thousands of patents owned by hundreds of patent holders in nearly 100 countries with over 6,000 licensees have helped produce some of the most widely used standards in consumer electronics history , and are expanding access to other technology areas .
In case you had n't noticed , election season is upon us .
If it seems to have arrived far earlier than usual , that 's because it has — a couple years ago the state legislature rolled back the primaries from late March to February 2 to boost the presidential hopes of Barack Obama .
Now he's in the White House and we 're stuck with a compressed campaign season where money and clout are likely to have an even bigger influence than before .
And around here , that 's really saying something .
Amid the clutter of insipid TV ads and the increasingly common spectacle of Democratic regulars posing as reformers , some important and interesting races are under way .
A few of them have n't even been decided yet .
Best Foes Forever
State rep John Fritchey and former 32nd Ward alderman Ted Matlak , who are running for Forrest Claypool 's Cook County Board seat , are like an old married couple — they 've been bickering for years , though it 's really not clear what they 're fighting over .
Both used their connections to rise up through the regular Democratic Party .
Fritchey , nephew - in - law to former alderman and 36th Ward boss William Banks , got his first big break when alderman Richard Mell agreed to endorse him in his 1996 campaign for state rep .
Banks then backed Mell 's son- in - law , a guy named Rod Blagojevich , for Congress .
There was a legitimate alternative in that state rep race , a Logan Square activist named Kevin Lamm .
After Fritchey unsuccessfully tried to bounce Lamm from the ballot by challenging the signatures on his nomination petitions , he relied on northwest - side payrollers loyal to Banks and Mell to help him get out the vote and win— all the while campaigning as an independent .
To his credit , Matlak has never even vaguely tried to pass himself off as a reformer .
He clawed his way up through the 32nd Ward Democratic organization led by Dan Rostenkowski and Terry Gabinski , becoming alderman in 1998 .
During his nine years in City Council , Matlak voted loyally with Mayor Daley and signed off on just about every proposal from developers that hit his desk , all the while accepting thousands of dollars from them in campaign donations .
In 2004 , when Gabinski announced he was stepping down as 32nd Ward committeeman , Matlak announced he was running .
Then Fritchey said there was no way he was going to let Matlak have the job and announced he was running too .
It took Mayor Daley himself — via Greg Goldner , one of his top political advisers — to broker a peace : Fritchey and Matlak both withdrew and Gabinski ran again .
Since then it 's been rough going for Matlak .
In 2007 he lost his aldermanic seat to Scott Waguespack , who was quietly backed by Fritchey .
After that he made his love for development official and went to work in real estate .
Fritchey , meanwhile , plotted a run for higher office as a reformer .
Last year he lost a congressional bid to Mike Quigley .
Now the two rivals are at it again but finally going at it face to face .
If Matlak loses — and we think he will — this should close the door on his political career once and for all .
It should — but would anyone be surprised if he resurfaced again next year to challenge Waguespack ?
Longtime Republican candidate Carl Segvich is undertaking yet another kamikaze mission against the 11th Ward Daley machine .
" If you believe in David and Goliath , well , this is it , " he says .
" I 've got the stones .
I just need to get a better slingshot . "
Segvich 's conservative politics are n't for everyone — he 's been known to rail against the moral turpitude of the Democratic Party for its embrace of gay rights , affirmative action , and gun control .
But what 's not to like about his eagerness to go after the Daleys ?
In 2003 he ran for alderman , a job held by mayoral lackey James Balcer , and lost with just 15 percent of the vote .
In 2006 he challenged county commissioner John Daley , the mayor 's brother , picking up 18 percent of the vote .
The next year he made another run at Balcer and lost with 21 percent of the vote .
Along the way he also lost the 2004 race for GOP committeeman to George Preski , the ward 's silent , inactive incumbent — a suspected Democratic plant .
In 2008 Segvich finally broke through with a 358- 219 triumph over Preski , thus seizing control of the moribund 11th Ward Republican Party apparatus .
By contrast , John Daley , running unopposed for Democratic committeeman that year , received 8,680 votes .
This year Segvich is running unopposed in the Republican primary for Cook County Board .
If he manages to win the nomination ( hey , you never know — the Daleys might run a write - in campaign for Minnie Minoso just to mess with him ) , Segvich will get to square off against John Daley yet again .
" It 's all about justice , " he told us on a phone call from a laundromat in Bridgeport , where he was introducing himself to voters .
" It just makes me upset to see the blue - collar worker getting taxed to death . "
If he actually manages to beat Daley , Segvich says , he 'll " bring a hacksaw to the bureaucracy and get rid of the patronage jobs . "
But quite frankly , he 's got about as much chance of beating Daley as the Massachusetts Republicans had of taking the Kennedys ' old Senate seat .
Oh , wait . . .
In March , an hi-def port of Perfect Dark will be released on Xbox LIVE Arcade .
The port will feature much more than tarted up graphics .
Advertisement
Ken Lobb from Microsoft Game Studios has told Kotaku at DICE 2010 that players can use weapons from Nintendo 64 game GoldenEye 007 .
That game was developed by Rare , the same studio behind Perfect Dark , which has been called Golden Eye's " spiritual successor " .
GoldenEye 007 - style weapons were also unlockable in Perfect Dark , but with slightly different names .
Lobb also confirmed to Kotaku that the upcoming Perfect Dark port will feature GoldenEye levels in the multiplayer .
Advertisement
Facility , Temple and Complex , the GoldenEye levels that were in the original Perfect Dark have made the jump to the XBLA version as well .
A new Senate bill that just passed committee would drive the creation of more science parks around the U.S. Specifically , the bill would allow the Secretary of Commerce to guarantee up to 80 % (! ) of loans over $ 10 m for the construction of science parks .
Whoa , good thing that .
After all , we do n't have nearly enough vacant office space in the U.S. Rates are only running at a near - record 16.5 % ( according to Reis ) , with many cities at 25 % vacancy and higher .
@nikhilnarayanan started the topic #chetanblocks and the jokes began , and many users came under the topic and Jokes moved around !!
the sixth most popular trend on the social networking site .
And there came a twist , many twitter users thought that a new book is released by Chetan and even i thought too ..
And rumour spread more faster . .
This was the main reason why Chetan got more than 27,000 followers in a day .
India 's popular novelist ( Chetan Bhagat ) had a Tweet Fight with the Twitterers all around . " " is one of his popular book ...
So , now he can have a little change to " Four Mistakes " .
Two Days back , Chetan had a War over Twitter which resulted in the popular trend of Twitter Home Page .
It was a First Tweet from the a Bhagat about the Piracy on the Indian Books and a Twitterer @interupted it .
FlyYouFools is a well known Cartoonist and he was also warned by Chetan for getting blocked .
The below are the Two Tweets which FlyYouFools tweeted in reply of the Chetan : " Tying everything to India 's progress today , are n't we ? "
" In a bad mood today , are n't we ?
Let me guess : Royalty check came in ?
" This later came under a war ....
And at last
In a few moment of time , the mondey Twitter trend gave the trend # chetanblock
A murdered spy and coded messages from beyond the grave ...
Will opening this tomb prove Shakespeare did n't write his plays ?
Some believe Fulke Greville was the true author of several of Shakespeare 's ( pictured ) works
Tucked away in a seldom - visited corner of a Warwickshire chapel sits a monument of incongruous grandeur for its surroundings .
Not many visitors happen upon it ; perhaps a thousand in a good year .
Of them only a handful will have heard of the man who built it .
Yet that man , Fulke Greville , is currently at the heart of a truly compelling mystery .
A prominent 17th - century nobleman , Greville was a renowned scholar , soldier , statesman and spy .
Like his dearest friend Sir Philip Sidney , he was also an accomplished author .
So talented , indeed , that some believe he was the true author of several of Shakespeare 's works .
For years this has been little more than conjecture ; fuel for the lively and often hostile debate between Anti-Stratfordians - those who deny that an ill - educated grain merchant and actor such as William Shakespeare could possibly have produced such a stunning oeuvre - and outraged traditionalists .
Now , however , the tantalising prospect of a definitive answer has been raised .
More intriguingly still , the explanation , hidden in a series of clues scattered throughout his work and on the Warwick monument , is said to come from Fulke Greville himself .
In an echo of the themes in Dan Brown 's blockbuster book and film , The Da Vinci Code , a historian has discovered what he claims to be powerful evidence that Greville had several manuscripts buried in his ornate memorial , including a copy of Antony And Cleopatra .
This is no idle speculation .
Already a radar scan of the monument , which stands in the Chapter House of the Collegiate Church of St Mary , has shown three ' box - like ' objects to be sealed within .
The discovery has caused great excitement , with academics positing that the boxes may contain the holy grail of English dramatic history : the original manuscript of a Shakespeare play .
No such document exists anywhere else , prompting Professor Kate McLuskie , the director of the Shakespeare Institute to declare excitedly that ' it could keep the Shakespeare industry going for years ' .
Researchers have also uncovered evidence suggesting that the remaining two boxes contain a previously unseen biography of James I and the priceless remains of Sir Philip Sidney , a giant of the Elizabethan age .
The tomb of Fulke Greville in the Collegiate Church of St Mary , Warwick
Of one thing the experts are certain : whatever is concealed there is of great importance .
' There can be no other explanation for the sheer grandeur of the monument other than that there is something very special there , ' Professor James Stevens Curl of Cambridge University told me this week .
' Until we look inside we cannot know for sure what it is .
' What is absolutely certain is that the size , cost and magnificence of the monument are intended to speak to us .
There are plenty of clues about what it might be , and they suggest this is an incredibly exciting find . '
Professor Curl is our nation 's leading expert on this period of British architecture , so he is a man to be taken seriously .
And yet despite his support , and that of Professor Warwick Rodwell , consultant archaeologist to Westminster Abbey , there has been strong opposition to opening the monument .
The initial search , using ground penetrating radar , was approved by the local diocese .
Fulke Greville was so talented a writer that some believe he was author of several of Shakespeare 's works
Under the expert guidance of Professor Rodwell the team of investigators now wants to use an endoscope - a tiny video camera on a long thin tube , similar to the type commonly used in surgical procedures - to look inside the monument and find out exactly what is in there .
In a major development last week , Chancellor Stephen Eyre of the Consistory Court of the Diocese of Coventry granted permission for an endoscope to be used to examine the monument .
In a carefully worded ruling , a stringent set of conditions were laid down stipulating that the work must be carried out within the next few months by a specific expert contractor .
However , those involved expect work to begin far sooner - almost certainly within the next six weeks .
So who is Fulke Greville , and why is such an esteemed group of experts so convinced that he may be about to reveal extraordinary secrets from beyond the grave ?
Greville , who was born in Stratford in 1554 , ten years before Shakespeare 's official birth date , was without a doubt one of the most extraordinary men of his age .
Among a mind - boggling list of achievements he was a judge , a rear admiral in the Navy , an Army captain , an ' intelligencer ' who travelled all over Europe recruiting spies for the Crown , a champion horseman , Queen Elizabeth 's favourite courtier and , in his latter years , Chancellor of the Exchequer under James I .
As far as Greville himself was concerned , however , his true calling was in the arts .
Indeed , his personal plea before his death in 1628 was that he wished ' to be known to posterity under no other notions than of Shakespeare 's master ' , according to a mid-17th century biography .
It is this claim , at once straightforward and obscure , which has led the historian A.W.L.
Saunders to spend the past decade investigating Greville 's ties with Shakespeare .
In an exhaustive book , The Master Of Shakespeare , Saunders has identified 177 profile matches between the life and works of Fulke Greville and William Shakespeare .
These include that they lived in the same street , had the same friends , among them Christopher Marlowe and Francis Bacon , the same enemies and moved in the same literary circles .
Pointing out that Stratford - upon - Avon at the time had an adult male population of just 600 , Mr Saunders argues that the chances of two men matching the same precise profile to such a degree are infinitesimal .
Critics contend that play - writing was a lowly profession at the time and that the true author protected his reputation by using Shakespeare 's name as a pseudonym
' I asked two accomplished mathematicians if it were possible to calculate the likelihood of there being two such men , ' he says .
' They said the odds against it would be astronomical . '
His claim is backed up by the so - called Anti-Stratfordian movement , which asserts that a provincial upstart such as the ill - educated William Shakespeare could not possibly have had the wide - ranging worldly and scholarly knowledge , linguistic skills , and fine sensibilities demonstrated in his works .
Such qualities , they insist , could only have been possessed by a university - educated gentleman , multilingual , well - travelled , and quite possibly titled .
A man , in short , like Fulke Greville .
Critics further contend that play - writing was a lowly profession at the time and that the true author protected his reputation by using Shakespeare 's name as a pseudonym .
According to John Mitchell , the widely respected author of Who Wrote Shakespeare ? , there is no contemporary proof of Shakespeare 's connection with the plays .
' A review of the known , documented facts about his career gives a picture of a fairly successful local businessman who dealt in land , property and rural commodities , ' says Mr Mitchell .
' His will mentioned no books , manuscripts or any sign of literacy .
No one in Stratford ever acknowledged him as a writer , and he never pretended to be one . '
According to one historian , Greville and Shakespeare shared the same friends , among them Christopher Marlowe ( pictured )
Up until now , however , there has been little in the way of positive evidence as to an alternative .
Which is why Fulke Greville 's monument in St Mary 's , Warwick , is suddenly causing such a stir .
' Fulke spent the equivalent of £ 300,000 today on it , but he is buried elsewhere , ' Saunders said this week .
' No man would build something like that and leave it empty , but his body was placed in the crypt below the church , not in the monument itself .
' What you have to recognise about Fulke is that he was not only a great statesman , he was also a trained and highly effective spy , and as such was been familiar with codes and secret symbols .
' Ben Jonson referred to his friend William Shakespeare as " a monument without a tombe " , and that is exactly what we have in the Chapter House at St Mary's .
' In his writings , Fulke left clear hints that he wrote the play Antony And Cleopatra , and that he had given it " a far more honourable sepulture than it could ever have deserved " . '
Again we are drawn to this astonishing monument .
' There is also a strong body of evidence to suggest that Fulke was a leading Rosicrucian - a member of an esoteric society of mystics whose symbol is a cross of roses .
Many tens of thousands of Masons hold the sincere belief that Fulke was the first Grand Master of the Rosicrucian order - and a sword placed on the monument appears to bear its Rose Cross symbol , ' explains Saunders .
It is this strong link to the Rosicrucians which brings this extraordinary mystery fully into Dan Brown territory .
The author 's bestselling books , The Da Vinci Code and Angels And Demons , are peppered with references to the society , which took delight in concealing messages in esoteric ways .
And in a fresh twist to the tale , a leading code breaking specialist from the United States , William J. Briere , has now carried out a full ' cryptoanalysis ' of the Greville monument .
The inscription is laid out in an unusual manner which is possibly a deliberate clue from the notoriously fastidious Greville .
It reads : ' FULKE GREVILL , SERVANT TO QUEENE ELIZABETH , CONCELLOR TO KING JAMES AND FRIEND TO SIR PHILLIP SIDNEY .
TROPHAEUM PECCATI .'
In a study far too detailed to explain fully here , Mr Briere concludes that by using code - breaking techniques widely used in Greville 's time , the inscription can be deconstructed to reveal the phrase : ' CONCEALED ( IN THIS ) MONUMENT ( IS THE ) SIN ( OF THE ) KING .'
In his writings , Fulke left clear hints that he wrote the play Antony And Cleopatra , and that he had given it " a far more honourable sepulture than it could ever have deserved "
This , says Mr Briere , is a clue that hidden in the monument is an unauthorised biography of James I ( who ruled from 1603 - 1625 ) , whom Greville is known to have disliked .
It is an extraordinary claim .
Yet Mr Briere has also uncovered - by using a code - breaking method which assigns numerical values to letters - references to Shakespeare 's sonnets .
All this has led him to conclude that there is ' compelling evidence ' of hidden messages , while 'it is possible ( leaning toward likely ) that some of Greville 's missing manuscripts are to be found inside the sarcophagus ' .
It is a dizzying set of allegations , and yet , unlike most Dan Brown - esque conspiracy theories , in this case we are presented with the enticing prospect of a straightforward answer .
Could Fulke Greville be the man behind some of Shakespeare 's famous works ?
It is a clear and undeniable possibility , particularly when one considers the widely held view that plays such as The Tempest demonstrate a deep understanding of Rosicrucian philosophy .
Not all academics are as excited as the Anti-Stratfordians , but even the sceptics grudgingly accept further investigation would be wise .
Dr William Leahy , who runs the MA programme in Shakespeare authorship studies at Brunel University , says : ' We have had tombs dug up in the past and nothing was found , but we can't make a judgment until the tests have been carried out . '
All this aside , we are left with one final thorny question : why would Greville , if he wanted his secret to be widely known , hide it in such a phenomenally intricate and obscure manner ?
The answer is potentially very simple : that he had other plans , but his death came about so unexpectedly that there was no time to set the record straight , save for the back up plan which he had so painstakingly prepared .
On September 1 , 1628 , Greville - by then the 74 - year - old Lord Brooke - was being helped to dress by a ' gentleman retainer ' called Ralph Haywood .
Haywood , who had spent years in Fulke 's service , suddenly drew a knife and stabbed him twice in the left side , before turning the knife on himself .
The motive for the murder remains a mystery , though some have suggested Haywood was infuriated on discovering he had been ' cheated in his master 's will ' .
Fulke 's body was taken to St Mary's , Warwick , and placed in the crypt .
He left no heirs , and as the years passed his extraordinary life 's achievements gradually slipped from the public consciousness .
Could it be that now , nearly four centuries on , we are about to discover his greatest achievement of all ?
The subject of what separates art and design is convoluted and has been debated for a long time .
Artists and designers both create visual compositions using a shared knowledge base , but their reasons for doing so are entirely different .
Some designers consider themselves artists , but few artists consider themselves designers .
So what exactly is the difference between art and design ?
In this post , we ’ll examine and compare some of the core principles of each craft .
This is a subject that people have strong opinions about , and I ’m looking forward to reading the various points of view in the comments .
This post is n’t a definitive guide , but rather the starting point for a conversation , so let ’s be open - minded !
Good Art Inspires .
Good Design Motivates .
Perhaps the most fundamental difference between art and design that we can all agree on is their purposes .
Typically , the process of creating a work of art starts with nothing , a blank canvas .
A work of art stems from a view or opinion or feeling that the artist holds within him or herself .
They create the art to share that feeling with others , to allow the viewers to relate to it , learn from it or be inspired by it .
The most renowned ( and successful ) works of art today are those that establish the strongest emotional bond between the artist and their audience .
By contrast , when a designer sets out to create a new piece , they almost always have a fixed starting point , whether a message , an image , an idea or an action .
The designer ’s job is n’t to invent something new , but to communicate something that already exists , for a purpose .
That purpose is almost always to motivate the audience to do something : buy a product , use a service , visit a location , learn certain information .
The most successful designs are those that most effectively communicate their message and motivate their consumers to carry out a task .
Good Art Is Interpreted .
Good Design Is Understood .
Another difference between art and design is how the messages of each are interpreted by their respective audiences .
Although an artist sets out to convey a viewpoint or emotion , that is not to say that the viewpoint or emotion has a single meaning .
Art connects with people in different ways , because it ’s interpreted differently .
Da Vinci ’s Mona Lisa has been interpreted and discussed for many years .
Just why is she smiling ?
Scientists say it ’s an illusion created by your peripheral vision .
Romantics say she is in love .
Skeptics say there is no reason .
None of them are wrong .
Design is the very opposite .
Many will say that if a design can be “ interpreted ” at all , it has failed in its purpose .
The fundamental purpose of design is to communicate a message and motivate the viewer to do something .
If your design communicates a message other than the one you intended , and your viewer goes and does something based on that other message , then it has not met its requirement .
With a good piece of design , the designer ’s exact message is understood by the viewer .
Good Art Is a Taste . Good Design
Is an Opinion .
Art is judged by opinion , and opinion is governed by taste .
To a forward - thinking modern art enthusiast , Tracey Emin ’s piece “ My Bed ” , which was shortlisted for the Turner Prize in 1999 , may be the height of artistic expression .
To a follower of more traditional art , it may be an insult to the medium .
This goes back to our point about interpretation , but taste is more about people ’s particular likes and dislikes rather than the message they take away from a piece .
Design has an element of taste , but the difference between good and bad design is largely a matter of opinion .
A good piece of design can still be successful without being to your taste .
If it accomplishes its objective of being understood and motivates people to do something , then whether it ’s good or not is a matter of opinion .
We could go on discussing this particular point , but hopefully the underlying principle is clear .
Good Art Is a Talent .
Good Design
Is a Skill .
What about the creator ’s abilities ?
More often than not , an artist has natural ability .
Of course , from a young age , the artist grows up drawing , painting , sculpting and developing their abilities .
But the true value of an artist is in the talent ( or natural ability ) they are born with .
There is some overlap here : good artists certainly have skill , but artistic skill without talent is , arguably , worthless .
Design , though , is really a skill that is taught and learned .
You do not have to be a great artist to be a great designer ; you just have to be able to achieve the objectives of design .
Some of the most respected designers in the world are best known for their minimalist styles .
They do n’t use much color or texture , but they pay great attention to size , positioning , and spacing , all of which can be learned without innate talent .
Good Art Sends a Different Message to Everyone .
Good Design Sends the Same Message to Everyone .
This really falls under the second point about interpretation and understanding .
But if you take only one thing away from this article , take this point .
Many designers consider themselves artists because they create something visually attractive , something they would be proud for people to hang on a wall and admire .
But a visual composition intended to accomplish a specific task or communicate a particular message , no matter how beautiful , is not art .
It is a form of communication , simply a window to the message it contains .
Few artists call themselves designers because they seem to better understand the difference .
Artists do not create their work to sell a product or promote a service .
They create it solely as a means of self - expression , so that it can be viewed and appreciated by others .
The message , if we can even call it that , is not a fact but a feeling .
What Do You Think ?
Depending on how you look at it , the difference between art and design can be clear - cut or hazy .
The two certainly overlap , but art is more personal , evoking strong reactions in those who connect with the subject .
I ’ll leave you with this quote from Craig Elimeliah , who covered this subject in a fantastic article for AIGA , which I discovered during my research for this post .
“ I do not claim to be an expert on defining what art is and what it is not , but I do know that if we look at the differences between art and design we will see a very clear line drawn between the two .
An engineer , if given the exact co-ordinates to place different colored pixels in specific places , could render a beautiful website or ad simply by following instructions ; most design projects have a detailed set of instructions and most design is based on current trends and influences .
An artist , on the other hand , could never be given any specific instructions in creating a new chaotic and unique masterpiece because his emotions and soul is dictating the movement of his hands and the impulses for the usage of the medium .
No art director is going to yell at an artist for producing something completely unique because that is what makes an artist an artist and not a designer . ”
Further Reading and Sources
If you would like large copies of the images used in this post , to use as desktop wallpaper or for any projects , you can download the , below .
What ’s your opinion ?
Do you think we can draw clearer distinctions between art and design ?
Or do you think they overlap too much to be truly different ?
" Automatic overdraft protection " is a lovely phrase , ingeniously designed to help you sleep at night while your bank performs that cattle - prod colonoscopy .
You can understand why banks consider that service with a smile :
Fed officials say banks reap $ 30 billion annually from the overdraft fees .
That 's one of many reasons banks have increasingly come under pressure , in the bailout era , to ease off this " protection " racket .
They 've promised several reforms .
You just would n't know it from talking to Gwen Schnurman and her 15 - year - old son , Eli Hirsch .
When he was 14 , Hirsch signed up for Bank of America 's CampusEdge Checking account .
He 's been dealing with money since he was in fourth grade -- " We did pretend stock market at Montessori school , " he says -- and more recently while acting , playing in his band and staging a fundraiser for Mercy Corps .
Hirsch received a debit card and , although he did n't know it , automatic overdraft protection .
That was supposedly good for Hirsch -- if he overdrew his account , Bank of America would still honor his charges -- and even better for the bank :
It would charge $ 35 for each and every overdraft .
On Jan. 28 -- and if you 're a parent with teenagers , you surely saw this coming -- Gwen Schnurman checked Eli's account balance and discovered he was almost $ 435 in the red .
Over the course of seven days , Hirsch used his debit card 11 times , spending a total of $ 47.53 on lunch items at Burgerville , Wendy 's and Marsee Baking .
Because he only had 49 cents in the account when the week began , he was hit with 11 overdraft fees of $ 35 each .
Schnurman was roundly annoyed Hirsch had lost track of his balance , and outraged that Bank of America never notified either of them that he was overdrawn .
She hustled over to the Sellwood branch she 's used for 25 years , a branch she considers family , and asked , " Why did n't you notify me immediately ?
How could you not send me an e-email ?
One e-mail and this stops the first day . "
As it turns out , overdraft protection -- and overdraft fees -- are automatic .
You have to ask your bank for mobile alerts that tell you your account is overdrawn .
According to " reforms " Bank of America initiated in October , at least two of those $ 35 fees were against bank rules .
" We no longer charge overdraft fees if you overdraft by less than $ 10 , " says Anne Pace , a bank spokeswoman in New York .
" We 've also capped the number of daily charges at four .
It used to be 10 . "
BoA hit Hirsch with two $ 35 fees before he was overdrawn by $ 10 .
Asked why the bank 's snail - mailed notice of the overdrafts did n't arrive for nine days , Pace said , " If we see you are excessively overdrafting , we will reach out .
This amount did n't trigger anything . "
Hirsch and Schnurman are happy to concede he screwed up .
He fell asleep at the switch .
He forgot to check his balance .
But as Bank of America well knows , teenagers often do .
If the bank truly wanted to develop brand loyalty in its young customers , why not slap the kid with an overdraft alert instead of $ 385 in fees ?
" This is how they 're making money on these kids , " Schnurman said .
" I thought I had a relationship with Bank of America .
They 've been my bank since I was 16 .
The loan for my first house was with them .
Our kitchen loan .
Our checking account .
" I want to leave them now .
As trite as it sounds , they hurt my feelings .
It doe n't matter if my feelings are n't based on reality , and this corporation really is n't my friend .
They crossed a line with me .
" I take this so personally . "
-- Steve Duin
by Toby Helm and Heather Stewart
Alistair Darling is drawing up plans to face down the country 's top bankers by taking the " nuclear option " of a windfall tax on their bumper bonuses as part of measures aimed at the super - rich .
The dramatic move , which was off the agenda just weeks ago , is under active discussion as the Treasury and No 10 try desperately to control the explosion of public anger over bankers ' pay .
Government sources said Darling was keen to explore the option for introducing a windfall tax if practical problems – such as defining what constitutes a bonus – could be overcome .
It is also understood that Darling and his officials would only press ahead if safeguards could be built in to prevent widespread evasion .
There is also concern in some parts of government about a potential backlash from businesses and the City .
The chancellor is expected to renew the onslaught on the highest earners in this week 's pre-budget report ( PBR ) with a series of measures including moves to increase the number of people liable to pay inheritance tax and an increase in capital gains tax .
Labour MPs and opposition parties are expecting the PBR to be the most political for years as Labour tries to contrast its own approach with Conservative party pledges to cut taxes for the most well - off .
Today , in a BBC interview , David Cameron will hit back at Gordon Brown 's claims that his tax plans were " dreamed up on the playing fields of Eton " , describing the attack at Wednesday 's prime minister 's questions as " petty " and " spiteful " .
However , Darling is determined to balance any political message with clear signals to the financial markets that the government has a firm plan to halve the deficit over the next four years without jeopardising the fragile economic recovery .
Darling was persuaded to re-examine the case for hitting bankers with a one - off levy after a high - profile standoff last week with Royal Bank of Scotland , whose board threatened to quit if he vetoed seven - figure bonuses for its traders .
But ministers now fear they will be vulnerable to charges of weakness if they fail to act as a string of other banks announce lavish payouts in the run-up to a general election , probably next May .
Sources insisted that no final decision had been made on a windfall tax for bonuses .
But they hinted that plans being considered involved a one - off levy " targeted " at the biggest earners .
This could include many of the 5,000 bankers who City minister Lord Myners cited as having earned at least £ 1 m this financial year .
The government will also underline its determination to ensure financiers pay their share of the cost of the crisis by fleshing out its plans for an international " Tobin tax , " to be levied on City transactions , raising tens of billions of pounds .
Brown threw his weight behind the proposal last month , and No 10 has since been encouraged by growing global support , including from American Democratic majority leader Nancy Pelosi , who said last week that the proposal had " a great deal of merit " .
Others measures likely to be included are those to increase , rather than cut , the number of people liable to pay inheritance tax , a move that will be seen as a deliberate ploy to discomfort Cameron who is committed to lift all but millionaires out of inheritance tax .
The chancellor will highlight the success of his recession - busting measures , claiming the stamp - duty holiday and help with mortgage interest payments has kept almost 400,000 people in their homes over the past 12 months .
Repossessions are running at half the rate of the early - 1990s recession – thanks , Darling will say , to Labour 's intervention .
With Britain still in the deepest recession for half a century , Darling will admit that the economy has contracted more sharply than he expected at the time of the budget – by 4.75 % , instead of 3.5 % .
He will resist pressure from Bank of England governor Mervyn King to announce more " ambitious " plans to attack the Treasury 's £ 175 bn deficit , and instead seek to win credibility for his promise to halve it over four years .
The Treasury believes that " smarter government " – computerising claims for child benefit , shifting civil servants out of London , and scaling back government IT projects , for example – can help to save billions of pounds .
The Conservatives yesterday called for a moratorium on £ 100bn of existing and upcoming computer projects across central government .
After Darling 's speech on Wednesday , the Tories will try to deflect charges that they favour the rich by attacking Labour 's latest tax - and - spend measures as political window - dressing that fail to address the need for a convincing plan to put the public finances in order .
In a prerecorded interview for BBC1's The Politics Show , Cameron said he was " not the slightest bit embarrassed " about his private schooling .
" I never hide my background or where I 'm from or anything about my life like that , " he said .
" My view is very simple ... that what people are interested in is not where you come from but where you 're going to . "
Developers claim the browser is ' holding back ' the web A Downing Street petition is calling for the UK government to drop Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 6 ( IE6 ) and move to a more modern browser .
The petition says that IE6 has security flaws and uses outdated technology , creating a burden for developers .
The petition comes as the Department of Health advised the NHS to move away from the old browser .
Other government departments - and many firms - still use the software , which was first released in 2001 .
" Most creative and software development companies are forced by government department clients to build websites for IE6 when most of the industry has moved on , " the petition reads .
" Upgrading would be a massive task for government , but if the public is encouraged to lead the way and the government follows , that would create the momentum needed . "
The petition was set up by Dan Frydman of web firm Inigo .
A campaign in the US , called ie6nomore , is supported by more than 70 web firms and claims the software is " holding the web back " .
Microsoft has released two more versions of its web browser since IE6 , but some firms and government departments still use systems that require it .
' Threat defence '
It is the latest move in a campaign to do away with the old browser , which gained momentum recently when Google revealed that the browser had been the weak link in a cyber attack on the firm .
Google threatened to withdraw from China following the " sophisticated and targeted " attacks , which it said originated in the country .
Google has said that it will withdraw support for IE6 on 1 March
The move prompted the French and German governments to advise their citizens to switch to a different browser - such as Firefox or Google Chrome - until the hole had been closed .
The UK government initially downplayed the threat .
Its view was reinforced by Lord West of Spithead , following a question tabled by Lord Avebury in the House of Lords as to whether the government would encourage public sector users to switch to another web browser .
" There is no evidence that moving from the latest fully patched versions of Internet Explorer to other browsers will make users more secure , " said Lord West .
" Regular software patching and updating will help defend against the latest threats . "
However , the Department of Health Informatics Directorate has issued a statement saying that NHS computers should be upgraded to IE7 as soon as possible .
Microsoft patched the hole in IE6 in January , three weeks ahead of its normal security updates .
' Holding back '
It is the latest blow to the venerable old browser .
In late January , Google said that it would begin to phase out support for IE6 .
The firm said from 1 March some of its services , such as Google Docs and Google Sites , would not work " properly " with the browser .
The search giant has said that it will then phase out support for the browser with some of its other services , such as Gmail .
Microsoft has said that it will support the browser until 2014 .
New figures suggest that IE6 is beginning to lose market share and is no longer the world 's most popular browser .
Analytics firm Net Applications says that IE6 has now been overtaken by the latest version of the software , IE8 , as the most popular browser in terms of market share .
IE6 now accounts for 20.07 % of the browser market compared to IE8's 22.31 % .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Update : Feb 13 , 2010 NY
Times letter to the editor by Paul Epstein deserves a quotation here :
That fossil fuel industry - financed forces are continuing their campaign to undermine the United Nations ’ Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and its chief scientists should not distract us from what we know about our climate .
Two physical findings stand out .
In the last 50 years the world ocean has accumulated 22 times as much heat as has the atmosphere ( data provided by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration of the Department of Commerce ) .
It is this repository of heat — through processes like evaporation and ocean overturning — that drives the changes in weather we are experiencing : heavier precipitation events , sequences of large storms , bitter cold spells and prolonged droughts in some regions .
The I.P.C.C. 2007 report also found that winds have changed — specifically circumpolar westerly winds ( those blowing from the west ) in both hemispheres .
This ominous sign means that weather fronts and weather patterns are less stable .
Our society , security and the health of the global economy depend upon a stable climate .
Getting off fossil fuels is the first , necessary step toward achieving climate stabilization .
Paul R. Epstein
Boston , Feb. 9 , 2010
The writer , a doctor , is associate director at the Center for Health and the Global Environment , Harvard Medical School .
The AP is reporting on a Nature Opinion piece in the Feb 11 , 2010 issue of the magazine .
Headline : “ Scientists seek better way to do climate report “ .
Some climate scientists are calling for drastic changes in how future United Nations climate reports are done .
The proposals to reform the International Panel on Climate Change are published in Thursday ’s issue of the journal Nature .
The suggested changes come after four embarrassing but small errors have popped up recently in one of the panel ’s four reports .
The Nature Opinion piece is located here : IPCC : cherish it , tweak it , or scrap it ?
Five climatologists provide their opinions on what to do with the IPCC .
There recommendations are discussed below with quotations from the Nature Opinion piece .
None of the climatologists suggest scrapping the IPCC , so the Nature headline is a little misleading .
Mike Hulme : Coordinating lead author , lead author , review editor ( AR3 ) , University of East Anglia , Norwich , UK
“ The IPCC needs a complete overhaul .
The structure and process are past their sell - by dates .
” My suggestion for radical reform is to dissolve the IPCC after the Fifth Assessment Report ( AR5 ) in 2014 .
The work would be split into three types of assessment and evaluation , each rather different to the three existing IPCC working groups .
The first group is called a Global Science Panel that would monitor the Earth system and put out a larger number of “ smaller , sharply focused ” reports on a rolling basis .
Hulme suggests that the reports would be short , on the order of 50 pages .
The second group would be made up of “ Regional Evaluation Panels ” and focus on the specific climate change effects on 5 to 10 areas of the world .
The third group is described as a Policy Analysis Panel — “ a standing panel of expertise , global in reach , with interdisciplinary skills and a diverse analytical capacity .
Perhaps 50 –100 strong , this panel would undertake focused and rapid ( 6 – 12 months ) analyses of specific proposed policy options and measures that have global significance . ”
This restructuring would allow clearer distinctions to be made in areas that have been troublesome for the IPCC : assessments of published knowledge versus policy analysis and evaluation ; the globalized physical sciences versus more geographically and culturally nuanced knowledge ; a one - size , top - down model of ownership and governance versus more inclusive , representative and regionally varying forms of governance .
It would better serve the world , and its peoples , in understanding and responding to anthropogenic climate change .
Eduardo Zorita : Contributing author ( AR4 ) , GKSS Research Center in Geesthacht , Germany .
The IPCC should be made stronger and independent .
We do not need to reinvent the wheel ; there are excellent examples of agencies that society has set up when credibility is of the utmost importance .
The European Central Bank , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , the International Energy Agency and the US Congressional Budget Office all independently navigate their way through strong political pressures , delivering valuable assessments , advice , reports and forecasts , tapping academic research when necessary .
These agencies are accountable and respected .
Zorita proposes the creation of an international climate agency with a staff of 200 full - time scientists who would be “ independent of government , industry , and academia ” .
The scientists “ who have a widely recognized credibility ” would be chosen by scientific unions such as the AGU or EGU .
Such an agency should be resourced and empowered to do the following : issue streamlined biennial state - of - the - climate reports ; be a repository and quality - controller of observational climate data ; advise governments on regional assessments of climate impacts ; and coordinate the suite of future - climate simulations by research institutes .
Thomas J. Stocker : Co-chair IPCC Working Group I ( AR5 ) , coordinating lead author ( AR3 , AR4 ) , University of Bern , Switzerland
Stocker proposes continuing the model of the IPCC and continue strict adherence to procedures and scientific rigour at all stages .
The basis of the IPCC is the voluntary contributions of thousands of dedicated scientists from all over the world .
The Principles Governing IPCC Work ( IPCC , 1998 ) provide a clear framework for an open , transparent and robust process .
This bottom - up endeavour is a unique model of providing scientific information , mainly from the peer - reviewed scientific literature , for decision - making on a challenging problem .
It has worked extremely successfully for the past 21 years .
In this field of different and divergent forces , confusion may arise .
An honest broker therefore is an asset .
From my perspective , the IPCC has fulfilled this role with remarkable rigour and integrity .
This role is now at risk , as the stakes are higher than ever before .
The requirement that assessments are policy relevant but never policy prescriptive , as formulated in the Principles Governing IPCC Work , is of paramount importance .
Our task is to inform the policy - makers and the public strictly in a ‘ what if ’ mode .
Any other approach must be left to NGOs , negotiators or individuals .
Only with strict adherence to procedures and to scientific rigour at all stages will the IPCC continue to provide the best and most robust information that is needed so much .
Jeff Price : Lead author ( AR3 , AR4 ) , director , climate - change adaptation , World Wildlife Fund ( WWF ) United States
Price proposes more reports AND faster production along with changes to the peer - review requirements .
Furthermore , the selection process for Lead Author should be changed to get the “ best experts ” rather than adhere to the current diversity policy .
Currently , authors are selected to represent “ a range of views , expertise , gender and geographical representation ” .
However , given the importance placed on these assessments , the most senior positions should be filled by the nominees most expert in their field , regardless of balance .
For topics of emerging importance or uncertainty , we need reports based on expert meetings and literature synthesis that undergo only a single round of extensive peer review with review - editor oversight before publication .
Finally , the current period between assessments is too long .
One option would be for the IPCC , or another body , to produce an annual review , assessment and synthesis of the literature for policy - makers ( for example , three annual review volumes with a synthesis chapter in each volume ) prepared by experts in the field .
Although the editors of the volumes should ideally be drawn from past IPCC authors and editors , the review articles could be submitted by any author , as they would for a journal , with appropriate peer review and assessment for publication .
John Christy : Lead author ( AR3 ) , University of Alabama in Huntsville , USA
Christy is the most critical of the IPCC and proposes more open debate : Wikipedia - style .
He also is critical of the selection process of lead - authors .
The IPCC selects lead authors from the pool of those nominated by individual governments .
Over time , many governments nominated only authors who were aligned with stated policy .
Indeed , the selections for the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report represented a disturbing homogeneity of thought regarding humans and climate .
However , voluminous printed reports , issued every six years by government - nominated authors , cannot accommodate the rapid and chaotic development of scientific information today .
An idea we pitched a few years ago that is now worth reviving was to establish a living , ‘ Wikipedia - IPCC ’ .
Groups of four to eight lead authors , chosen by learned societies , would serve in rotating , overlapping three - year terms to manage sections organized by science and policy questions ( similar to the Fourth Assessment Report ) .
The authors would strike a balance between the free - for - all of true science and the need for summary statements .
Richard Black at the BBC blogs about the suggested IPCC - refits , and similarly summarizes the positions of the 5 climatologists .
All food for thought ; and though it appears likely that the IPCC will remain working roughly in the way it has done until the fifth assessment report ( AR5 ) is complete , with minor tweaks to take account of Himalayan and other issues , it is entirely within the gift of governments to make whatever changes they see fit once that process is over .
Translation : no changes are being made — at the moment .
The Guardian chimes in with some notable quotations from their own survey of scientists around the world :
Robert Muir Wood , head of the research group at Risk Management Solutions , said the current IPCC report system was “ fossilised ” and that the organisation needed to move into the 21st century by setting up Wikipedia - style rolling publishing , that could be updated each month .
Others suggested changes almost as radical .
[ William ]
Connolley said the “ useless ” synthesis reports should be ditched , while [ John ]
Robinson said : “ There needs to be continuous review of what the timing and topics should be . ”
Three people live in our household , none under the age of 12 , yet we still record several episodes per week of PBS ' Arthur .
And lest you doubt the geek credentials of Marc Brown 's bookworm aardvark - who - does n't - look - anything - like - an - aardvark , I point only to this : Neil Gaiman is making a guest appearance ( fifth item down at the link ) , which he recorded on Monday , according to his Twitter feed .
Neil Gaiman in Elwood City .
" With luck , " the Coraline author blogged a couple weeks back , " it'll have kids all over the world making their own little graphic novels , and will usher in the dawn of a new golden age of comics and creativity . "
Gaiman 's visit , though , is just the latest in a list of great Arthur shout - outs to geek culture and fandom , which to my way of thinking makes it perfect for sowing those seeds early .
So here are ten more points that prove Arthur is nothing short of a Geeklet Icon .
1 . Let 's start with more of those guest voices :
Arthur 's had a bunch of these , and one of the things I think makes them awesome is that more often than not , the visitors are playing themselves , which can introduce parents and kids alike to new faces and ideas .
Architect Frank Gehry 's been on the show , as has kinetic sculpture artist Arthur Ganson , and Jeopardy ! host Alex Trebek .
( Renamed " Alex Lebek " in the Arthur episode , for some reason . )
2 . The value of reading is a huge underlying message : Arthur and his friends go to the library a lot .
They did an entire musical episode which included a song and dance the benefits of a library card and another using The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde to illustrate the addictive power of books .
Oh , and Arthur 's last name is , in fact , Read .
3 . It 's super -meta .
The characters have more than once broken the fourth wall to take control of the show , and in one particularly brilliant episode called " The Contest , " they managed to parody not only Arthur itself , but also South Park , Dexter 's Laboratory , and * Dr. Katz , Professional Therapist *.
4. Obligatory Star Wars reference made for no reason whatsoever : Arthur 's friend Buster , having gone away for the summer with his dad , appears over Arthur 's shoulder as a robed figure , translucent and sparkly .
" Use the Force , Arthur , " he intones – and then he admits he has no idea what it means , but that he " thought it would be funny . "
5. Lucasfilm call - out number two :
In an episode about misconceptions regarding the life of his Turkish pen pal , Arthur is sadly misinformed by the comic - book adventures of * Illinois Jack and the Caravan of Horrors * , complete with a couple brief Raiders of the Lost Ark send - ups .
6 . What literary phenomenon keeps the kids of Elwood City stampeding back to the bookstore ?
That would be the tales of the boy wizard who 's the star of Henry Screever and the Cabbage of Mayhem , and the related Brick of Wonders and Knights of the Bouillabaisse .
7. Arthur and Buster are huge fans of comic - book hero " Bionic Bunny , " a great nod to Batman , right down to his sinister - toned TV spinoff Dark Bunny .
8. Brain : Arthur 's super - smart friend ( Real name : Alan ) who 's always there with a detailed scientific explanation and a winning school project at the ready .
He also happily loans Arthur his books on spline extrusion and the Copernican universe model .
9 . Arthur and his friends have an oft - stated fondness for clearly - cheesy - but - fun - anyway horror and sci-fi action movies like Carpet of Doom and 5000 Explosions and a Supernova .
10 .
Fleeting , subtle , and genius :
There 's an episode in which Arthur 's friend Francine displays a swallow and then a coconut , explaining that the former had been carrying the latter .
( She does not specify whether it is an African or European swallow . )
Best Monty Python reference in a kids ' show ever .
From Attack of the Killer Tomatoes to Zardoz , the 1970 ’s were not only home to some of the craziest titles in film , but some of the most interesting movie posters .
The 70’s were also home to some of the more psychedelic and funky designs for movie posters that more recent directors , most notably Quentin Tarantino , have drawn on as inspiration for their own movie poster designs .
In the days before the internet , a movie poster was much more important in the marketing mix for a movie than it is today .
It was the historical equivalent to the movie trailer , and as such graphic artists had to pack a lot of message into one image .
Let ’s go back in time with a collection of over 70 movie posters from the 70’s that are funky fresh .
Enjoy … ( to improve page loading , we split the collection into two pages ) .
An organization or business that is using or installing more software than it has licenses for
What Is BSA | The Software Alliance ?
BSA | The Software Alliance ( BSA ) is the leading advocate for the global software industry .
Its members are among the world 's most innovative companies , creating software solutions that spark the economy and improve modern life .
With headquarters in Washington , DC , and operations in more than 60 countries , BSA pioneers compliance programs that promote legal software use and advocates for public policies that foster technology innovation and drive growth in the digital economy .
FAQ
If I report a company using unlicensed software to BSA , will my name be kept confidential ?
Your name will never be revealed outside of BSA unless required by law .
We take all appropriate measures to ensure your confidentiality .
What happens after I submit my report ?
Once you ’ve filled out this confidential three - step form with as much information as you can and submit it to BSA , our team will follow up with you as appropriate and begin their investigation of the target company .
Based on your information and our investigation , BSA will then pursue the action that we feel is warranted .
How do I check on the progress of my report ?
You can check the progress of your report by emailing nopiracy@bsa.org or
use our Click to Chat function ( available at www.nopiracy.org during U.S busines hours of Monday - Friday 9:00 AM - 5:30 PM EST ) .
A BSA team member will provide you with the latest information at the first available opportunity .
Please note that the investigative process is very thorough and can take several months for significant developments .
How do you calculate rewards for reporting unlicensed software use ?
A reward may be payable only if BSA pursues an investigation and , as a direct result of the information provided by you , receives a monetary settlement from the reported organization .
The amount you may receive is outlined in the Terms and Conditions available here .
When will I receive my reward ?
A reward will be paid only if BSA pursues an investigation and , as a direct result of the information provided by you , receives a monetary settlement from the reported organization .
Other terms and conditions may also apply .
This process could take several months .
If the reward requirements have been met , then BSA will consider you for a reward payment .
For further information , please see the Terms and Conditions here .
When it comes to game shows no one does it quite like the Japanese .
After all it is hard to imagine that such a small country has so many people willing to subject themselves to the kind of torture you only see on Japanese tv .
For that reason just about every show on this list is either a Japanese game show or an American version of a Japanese game show .
This is also a reminder that these may not be the worst of all the game shows you might encounter but they are definitely not something most people would want to do .
1 .
Silent Library
This is a popular game show that has recently been brought to MTV .
In this show contestants sit inside what appears to be a library and choose cards at random .
Whoever gets the X must perform the challenge .
These range from eating something disgusting , being beaten , being bitten by an old man without his dentures to things you ca n’t even imagine .
The point ?
All contestants ( even the one being abused ) must remain quiet in order to earn money for that round .
At the end the contestants split all the money that has been won .
2 .
Do n’t Laugh
This game is only one that is good for people without a sense of humor .
The point is that everyone is required to watch a video that is rather comedic , but they can not laugh .
If they do ninjas appear in the room and spank them on the ass with a paddle .
Yes people willingly subject themselves to this treatment and I ’m not even sure if they win anything by the end of it .
Though I will admit that the video they have to watch is very funny .
3 .
Treadmills and Cookies
In this game contests have to run on treadmill that goes increasingly faster as they move forward .
But for the Japanese that was not enough of a challenge , there are also checkpoints .
At the first two check points all the contestant has to do is eat a cookie .
At the third they have to drink a glass of milk and eat a cookie .
The final checkpoint is just another cookie .
If they fall they treadmill sends them sliding backwards into a large pool of water .
Once again I ’m not sure what kind of prizes there are for a game like this but I am also not sure that anyone really plays any of these games .
4 .
Distraction
This show was probably the closest Americans ever got to having a game show that could possibly rival the craziness of the Japanese .
The point of this game was to answer trivia questions while being distracted .
This distraction could involve having your head in the middle of ping pong game or by seeing how many clothespins could be attached to your face .
Though if we ’re being honest , the Japanese never would have allowed the contestant to wear safety goggles .
When doctors or medical practitioners perform their duties , not under the standard of caring , and as a result , a patient is injured , it is medical malpractice .
There are many types of medical malpractice , but the most common include misdiagnosis , failure to get a proper diagnosis for a medical condition , injury during birth , and medication errors .
To be able to get a medical malpractice claim , the victim ( plaintiff ) must have substantial evidence like proving an existing patient - doctor relationship , the failure of the doctor to provide proper care according to the prescribed standard , actual damages , and causation .
In a medical malpractice lawsuit , the plaintiff can sue the doctor or medical practitioner for non-economic and economic damages .
These may include medical bills that were incurred in rectifying the results of malpractice , lost income , lost in the capacity to earn , suffering , pain , and mental anguish .
The period to file a case in medical malpractice is , and the claim must be submitted quickly .
The state laws also vary from when it comes to the rules in filing a medical malpractice claim .
If you are injured as a result of medical malpractice , you need to get in touch with a lawyer who specializes in this type of claims like the personal injury lawyers at Vectorial Law Vancouver .
Topics Covered J. Am. Chem . Soc.
A droplet travels through a maze with a pH gradient .
* Macromedia Flash Player 8 is required to view videos .
Text Size A A
J. Am. Chem . Soc. Maze Maneuvers
A droplet travels through a maze with a pH gradient .
In the overlaid image , black drops show early times , red ones are later .
In the scientific world , solving mazes used to be the dominion of experimental psychologists .
Now chemists are getting in on the action , but they 've swapped the traditional lab rat for a drop of liquid .
A team led by Northwestern University chemistry professor Bartosz A. Grzybowski has shown that an acidic droplet can successfully navigate a complex maze ( J. Am. Chem .
Soc. , DOI : 10.1021/ja9076793 ) .
" I personally find most exciting that such a simple system can exhibit apparently ' intelligent ' behavior , " Louisiana State University chemistry professor John A. Pojman comments .
" This approach may be useful as a pumping method for microfluidics or a way to convert chemical energy to mechanical motion in small devices .
I am eager to see if they can generalize it to other types of gradients , " he says .
The droplet , composed of 2 - hexyldecanoic acid in either dichloromethane or mineral oil , travels several centimeters through a maze with a pH gradient .
The pH is high at the maze entrance and low at its exit .
Once in the maze , the droplet travels toward the lower pH , and in doing so , Grzybowski notes , it always finds the shortest path through the maze .
Acid - base chemistry and surface tension are what drive the drop .
" The interfacial reaction between the acid in the drop and the base in the channel creates convection rolls or ' swirls , ' " Grzybowski explains .
" The fluid mechanics plays out such that the swirl facing lower pH is more pronounced , and so the drop is effectively pushed in this direction . "
Posted : 05:31 PM ET
Can a swimming pool 's worth of water power California for a year ?
The answer is yes , assuming all goes according to plan for scientists working on laser - driven fusion , said Ed Moses at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory .
Moses spoke at the annual meeting of the American Association of the Advancement of Science , AAAS , on Sunday .
The sun 's heat and light get generated in a fusion reaction , in which two hydrogen atoms combine to make helium .
This reaction is driven by gravity , whereas in the proposed fusion reactor , particles come together because of lasers .
Water is the main and virtually limitless ingredient , since the idea is to make use of hydrogen particles in water .
This summer and fall , researchers hope to test their technique with tritium , a radioactive isotope of hydrogen that has one proton and two neutrons .
Energy from this fusion machine would be harnessed as follows :
The reaction produces neutrons , which are slowed down in a liquid salt .
The salt gets hot , and then it 's pumped as a heat exchanger , essentially making steam .
There are also other advanced ideas about how to get the energy out of the process , including the induction of electric currents .
The capability to get more energy out than is put in should be available in about five to seven years , Moses said .
Researchers hope to get a demonstration plant up and running in the next 10 to 15 years .
There are , of course , social challenges in addition to technical challenges , he said .
Fusion is one of many approaches being considered for cleaner energy .
To learn more , visit the site of the Laser Inertial Fusion Engine .
Posted by : Elizabeth Landau -- CNN.com Writer / Producer
Filed under : Energy
Introduction
Up until this point , ATI 's Radeon HD 5000 - series GPUs have really raised the bar on what we expected from the next generation of video cards .
The Radeon HD 5870 offers roughly the same performance seen on the previous flagship dual - GPU Radeon HD 4870 X2 .
The Radeon HD 5770 serves up about the same performance as the aging ( but still powerful ) Radeon HD 4870 .
The Radeon HD 5750 delivers similar performance as the mainstream - friendly Radeon HD 4850 .
Given such a promising lead - up , it 's hard not to have high expectations for ATI 's emerging Radeon HD 5670 .
Dare we hope that it give us performance on par with the Radeon HD 4770 , a card that tantalized us with 40nm under $ 100 , and then broke the hearts of amped - up gamers after suffering poor availability ?
With a suggested retail price of $ 99 , the Radeon HD 5670 being evaluated today needs to be powerful if it 's going to offer value in the most competitive price segment known to the world of discrete GPUs .
After all , ATI 's Radeon HD 5670 will be doing battle against the less - expensive GeForce 9600 GT , the somewhat more modern GeForce GT 240 , and Nvidia 's aging GeForce 9800 GT .
Not only that , but the card will also have to stave off old favorites , like the existing Radeon HD 4770 , GeForce GTS 250 , and Radeon HD 4850 models , all of which can be found as low as $ 110 online ( sometimes less , if you 're lucky ) .
Clearly , the Radeon HD 5670 has more worthy opponents than its high - end 5800 - and 5700 - series predecessors had to fight off when they launched .
Of course , this story is about more than just raw benchmark results .
AMD is also coming to the table with DirectX 11 support and a handful of value - adds , like Eyefinity multi-display output connectivity .
Saddled with the successes of the Radeon HD 5800 - and 5700 - series cards , our sample Radeon HD 5670 has some big shoes to fill .
Let 's take a peek under the hood to see what sort of hardware with which we 're working .
Suspects were filmed following Mahmoud al - Mabhouh to his hotel room in Dubai
By David Gritten
BBC News
In 1973 , a Moroccan waiter working in the Norwegian town of Lillehammer was shot dead by agents of the Israeli foreign intelligence service , Mossad , who mistook him for Ali Hassan Salameh , a Palestinian behind an attack during the previous year 's Munich Olympics in which 11 Israeli athletes died .
Two members of the hit squad were arrested the next day as they reused a getaway car to travel to the airport .
One of them , an inexperienced Danish - born volunteer , provided police with a paper trail that led to the capture and imprisonment of several of his comrades , and sparked a diplomatic incident .
Wanting to recoup the expenses he had incurred during the operation from his Mossad handlers , he had kept his receipts .
Thirty - seven years later , a paper trail - though this time electronic - has once again exposed the work of a group of assassins , pointed the finger of suspicion at Israel , and raised questions about the future of covert operations in foreign countries .
On Wednesday , the police in Dubai identified a further 15 suspects in the killing last month of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , a leader of the Palestinian Islamist militant group Hamas , raising the number believed to have taken part to at least 26 .
What the Dubai authorities are uncovering now is not just the assassination team , but probably the entire Mossad station
Bruce Riedel
Brookings Institution
As with the previous 11 , investigators were able to give the names , nationalities and passport numbers the suspects had used , the photographs inside their fraudulent passports , and provide high - resolution CCTV footage showing what they had done .
Using immigration records and receipts from the credit cards used by 14 of the suspects , the authorities were also able to discover the movements of all 26 into and out of Dubai both during an earlier mission last year and around the time of Mr Mabhouh 's death .
According to officials , the suspects flew into Dubai on board separate flights from Europe on 18 and 19 January .
Five of them left after less than 24 hours on 19 January - when the killing took place - while the others departed the next day .
Trail of Dubai hit squad suspects
Though the paper trail then appears to end , the names and details on the UK passports used by eight of the 12 suspects have so far turned out to belong to British - Israeli citizens living in Israel .
All of them have denied involvement .
Even before the apparent link to Israel emerged , Hamas had blamed Mossad for Mr Mabhouh 's death .
Then on 15 February , Dubai police chief Lt Gen Dhahi Khalfan announced that he was nearly " 100 % " certain that Israeli agents had masterminded the killing .
The five Western countries whose passports were faked - the UK , Ireland , France , Germany and Australia - also reacted angrily and immediately demanded explanations from Israeli diplomats .
The Israeli diplomats replied that there was no proof of Mossad involvement , although they did not deny it , in line with their government 's policy of " ambiguity " .
' Could n't be Israel ' Israel 's media and former Mossad agents initially praised the agency for carrying out another successful assassination abroad , but soon Dubai revealed unprecedented information about the operation and it emerged that Israeli citizens had had their identities stolen .
Mahmoud al - Mabhouh was a founder of the military wing of Hamas Some commentators have since gone so far as to question whether it was even a Mossad hit , citing contradictions in the initial reports of Mr Mabhouh 's death , the large number of suspects , their inability to evade detection , and the apparent decision by two of them to travel by boat to Iran last year .
" Twenty - six agents , perhaps even 30 , sent to assassinate one person ?
Granted if they could flee the scene by sea , how could one think that Mossad agents would take cover in Iran ?
I ask myself .
Even if they have unprecedented self - confidence the likes of which are unknown ? " wrote Yossi Melman in Haaretz .
A former Mossad agent , Rami Igra , also dismissed its involvement due to the assassins ' failure to disable CCTV cameras at key moments and their use of passports belonging to foreign nationals living in Israel .
" It was so stupid , it could n't be Israel , " he said .
" You do n't go over the speed limit in a place where there are going to be cameras , because you are going to be photographed . "
" The whole thing shows that whoever did it was very unprofessional . "
' Long - term operation '
Some details about Mr Mabhouh 's killing do , however , tally with past statements by retired Mossad agents with knowledge of the reprisals for the Munich attack .
They say the assassinations were carried out by large numbers of people , in stages .
For instance , an investigation by the Norwegian government found 14 people had been involved in Lillehammer .
In my view , there was a gross underestimation of the reaction of the Dubai authorities given the UAE 's close relationship with the West and the rather odious past activities of Mr Mabhouh
Michael Ross
Ex -Mossad covert operative
Once they knew where the mission would take place , the teams would go through practice runs in Israel and arrive at the location no more than a few days in advance , withdrawing as soon as it was over , they add .
Bruce Riedel , a former CIA officer who is now a senior fellow at the Washington - based Brookings Institution , says Wednesday 's revelations did not change his opinion that Israel was behind the assassination in Dubai .
" This most likely was a Mossad operation .
All the signatures - European passports , the way the team moved quickly to leave the country - cumulatively paint a pretty convincing case , " he told the BBC News website .
Mr Riedel says it would have been highly unusual for the hit squad to have visited Dubai using the stolen identities last year just for reconnaissance , as the police claim , and that this may have been an attempt to eliminate the Hamas leader that had failed .
He also doubted that all of the suspects had been in the Gulf just for one mission .
" What the Dubai authorities are uncovering now is not just the assassination team , but probably the entire Mossad station , " he explains .
" Dubai would be a perfect place to carry out not just a one - off operation , but a long - term one against Iran . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A retired officer for Mossad 's covert - operations division , who writes under the pseudonym Michael Ross , agrees that there may have been more than one operation in motion in Dubai .
" If this is a Mossad operation , this is an unprecedented number of combatants deployed for an operation of any kind , " he told the BBC News website .
" Given the relatively scant operational manpower resources available to Mossad , the general rule of thumb has always been , ' never send two when one is enough and never send three when two is enough ' . "
Mr Ross says the use of a mix of cloned , manufactured and authentic passports by the assassins " do not follow any document protocols that I recall " .
The use of credit cards from a US bank is also " very odd " , he says , given the co-operation between Israel and the US .
" It would be disingenuous to say Israel was n't involved in some fashion , but I think there are more aspects and international players involved in this case than are visible to the naked eye , " he adds .
' Authentic ' documents
The Dubai killing has also raised questions about the future of covert operations .
The game of espionage is not about to go out of business because of CCTV
Bruce Riedel
Brookings Institution
With the widespread introduction of CCTV , biometric identification data and interconnected immigration control centres , will agents be able to continue to fake passports and work abroad undetected as they could a decade ago ?
Many countries ' new passports have chips that hold easily verified data such as retina scans , which are both unique and unfakeable - though the chips may be faked .
The data generated when someone takes a flight , crosses a border , uses a credit card or makes a call makes it increasingly easy to find them even if they change their identity .
" Biometrics pose a real problem for the use of alias identities by intelligence services .
Officers travelling and operating under cover will have to make sure their documents are ' authentic ' , " says Mr Ross .
He believes the assassins did not anticipate that the Dubai authorities would be so comprehensive in their investigation or generate so much attention .
Many countries ' new passports have chips that hold easily verified data
" We live in the surveillance era and this is now an integral component of planning for modern intelligence - gathering and covert operations .
No top - tier intelligence service conducts operational activity without first gathering all the necessary operational intelligence required - especially concerning existing security measures in place .
" In my view , there was a gross underestimation of the reaction of the Dubai authorities given the UAE 's close relationship with the West and the rather odious past activities of Mr Mabhouh , who used no less than five alias identities himself . "
Mr Riedel says Israel will not necessarily mind the adverse coverage , however , as it sends a clear message to militants that Mossad can target them wherever they are .
Intelligence agencies will simply find something to counter every technological advance , as they have in the past , he adds .
" The game of espionage is not about to go out of business because of CCTV . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Joint Oireachtas Committee on Constitution is meeting in Trinity College tomorrow ( Tuesday February 2 ) .
It will , I believe , be thefirst time an Oireachtas body has sat outside the Houses of the Oireachtas .
They will take submissions written by members of the public over the last number of months firstly .
After the meeting is completed a discussion moderated by John Bowman will begin .
The panel for the post - meeting debate will include Noel Dempsey , Minister for Transport , Professor Ken Benoit , head of the Department of Political Science , Senator Ivana Bacik , Trinity Fellow , Seán Ardagh , Chair of the Joint Oireachtas Committee , Jim O’Keeffe , Vice Chair of the Joint Oireachtas Committee , The Hon. Mr. Justice Frank Clarke .
More details on PoliticalReform.ie
Myself and Gavin will be in attendence , as will Suzy .
We hope to run a live - chat on this website during the post - meeting debate .
The topic will be electoral reform , unsurprisingly .
For those unaccustomed with liveblogs / livechats ; there will be a box on this site which you will be able to sign into and post messages , we ’ll be reading those messages and comments and hoping to put a few of them to the panel .
Participants will also be able to chat amongst themselves .
It ’s a way to add virtual participators to a physical meeting , and focus an online discussion on a single topic , I suppose .
The meeting starts at 7 pm , it will go on for circa 80 minutes , the debate will then run for approximately 60 minutes .
If you ’re online you might consider participating .
All welcome – though the discussion will be moderated and idiocy / vitriol will not be tolorated .
If you ’re willing to contribute , pop along around 8 pm ( though the chat will – hopefully – be running earlier , I ’ll stick it up here around 6 pm ) .
FYI : Trinity will be running the livestream and we ’ll probably by relying on their Wifi system .
So do n’t blame us if this goes belly - up .
Self - contained emacs
One annoying thing about using emacs on remote systems is the absence of your own initialization & configuration code .
It ’s of course possible to push your own , but often it ’s annoying .
Configuration often gets rather involved : my own .emacs.d directory contains many packages and libraries that are not shipped with standard emacs distributions .
Another common scenario is that you use shared accounts , making editor configurations rather intrusive .
So , I sought to simplify the situation .
make - emacs creates for you a simple , self - contained and relocatable script that allows you to invoke emacs with your own configuration anywhere .
For example :
$ make - emacs ~/.emacs.d / tmp/e $ scp / tmp/ e remoteserver : $ ssh remoteserver $ ./e MYFILE extracting emacs .d.. < emacs bliss >
It uses shar to create a self - extracting archive and wraps that extraction code to invoke emacs properly .
It also caches the extracted configuration files , so that it only has to perform a potentially costly shar extraction once .
Get it on GitHub here .
But between now and the middle of the century ( which is closer than you might think ) such youngsters will likely hold an ever more important place in the American work force .
By 2050 , the percentage of whites in the work force is projected to fall from today ’s 67 percent to 51.4 percent .
The presence of blacks and Hispanics in the work force by midcentury is expected to be huge , with the growth especially sharp among Hispanics .
If America is to maintain its leadership position in the world and provide a first - rate quality of life for its citizens here at home , the educational achievement of American youngsters across the board needs to be ratcheted way up .
Image Bob Herbert
It ’s in that atmosphere that the Harvard Graduate School of Education is creating a new doctoral degree to be focused on leadership in education .
It ’s the first new degree offered by the school in 74 years .
The three - year course will be tuition - free and conducted in collaboration with faculty members from the Harvard Business School and the Harvard Kennedy School of Government .
The idea is to develop dynamic new leaders who will offer the creativity , intellectual rigor and professionalism that is needed to help transform public education in the U.S .
This transformation is a job the U.S. absolutely has to get done , and it wo n’t get done right without the proper leadership .
Kathleen McCartney , the graduate school ’s dean , explained one of the dilemmas that has hampered reform .
“ If you look at people who are running districts , ” she said , “ some come from traditional schools of education , and they understand the core business of education but perhaps are a little weak on the management side .
And then you ’ve got the M.B.A. - types who understand operations , let ’s say , but not so much teaching and learning . ”
The degree to be offered ( initially to just 25 candidates ) is a doctorate in education leadership ( Ed.L.D . ) .
The fact that the program is tuition - free , thanks in large part to an extraordinary grant by the Wallace Foundation , is important .
Harvard is trying to reach out to the broadest possible field of potential candidates .
“ We ca n’t do that unless we remove all the barriers to studying here , ” said Dean McCartney .
Series 5 Episode 9 - Dull Sabre - January 21 2010 01.21.2010 -
Are n't you sick of being told the news ?
Ads by Project Wonderful !
Your ad could be here , right now .
After Minarets , the Germans The Swiss Populists ' New Enemy No. 1
Having succeeded in its referendum campaign against minarets in Switzerland , the populist SVP is now focusing on a different threat -- this time from the north .
The party is targeting Germans ahead of a local election in Zurich .
Worringly it seems that its German - bashing is becoming respectable .
Police have praised the actions of a teenage girl who fought off an abduction attempt , amid fears her attackers could strike again .
Two men in a white van pulled up beside the 14 - year - old as she walked home from school along Union Street in East Brighton in Melbourne 's south on Wednesday .
One of the men got out of the van , grabbed the girl by the shoulders and told her to get in the vehicle about 3.45 pm .
Instead , she dropped to the ground , scooped up some dirt and threw it in his face before striking him in the neck with a stick .
About this Collection
The name of British Nobel laureate Francis Crick ( 1916 -2004 ) is inextricably tied to the discovery of the double helix of deoxyribonucleic acid ( DNA ) in 1953 , considered the most significant advance in the understanding of biology since Darwin 's theory of evolution .
Yet , during a research career spanning more than fifty years , theoretical biologist Crick also made fundamental contributions to structural studies of other important biological molecules through X - ray analysis ; to the understanding of protein synthesis ; to the deciphering of the genetic code by which hereditary information is stored and transcribed in the cell ; and to our conception of consciousness .
Through force of personality and intellect , readily apparent in this online selection from his papers , Crick served as a one - man clearinghouse of criticism , ideas , and information for scientists the world over .
The Wellcome Library for the History and Understanding of Medicine in London is the repository for the scientific papers of Francis Crick ( collection reference PP / CRI ) which range from 1915 to 2002 .
The collection contains correspondence , lecture notes , photographs , laboratory notebooks , and published and unpublished articles .
Individuals or institutions wishing to reproduce or request copies of the documents should contact the Wellcome Trust Medical Photographic Library .
As part of its Profiles in Science project , the National Library of Medicine has made available online , in collaboration with Wellcome Library for the History and Understanding of Medicine in London , a digitized selection of the Francis Crick Papers .
This website provides access to the portions of the Francis Crick Papers that are now publicly available .
Individuals interested in conducting research using the full collection of Francis Crick Papers should contact the Wellcome Library .
This Profile is designed to introduce you to the various phases of Crick 's scientific career and professional life .
Narrative sections available from the navigation bar under " The Story " focus on Crick 's life and major scientific contributions .
Video : High - speed camera
Physiologists who hacked a digital camera for their lab work are now seeing the homebrew modification turned into a technology that could squeeze high - speed video out of consumer cameras .
Gil Bub and Peter Kohl ‘s team at the University of Oxford wanted to record rat heart cells in action , so they trained two cameras on tissue samples in their lab .
A high - speed movie camera filmed the cell ’s pulsing activity , while a normal stills camera captured detailed images .
But aligning the two sets of images proved fiddly and frustrating .
So the team took an off - the - shelf video camera to pieces and rebuilt it to perform both roles , simultaneously recording high - speed video and high - resolution stills .
Micro mirrors
They achieved the trick using a component most common in another consumer gadget – a home cinema projector .
These projectors contain a digital chip studded with tiny , moving mirrors , each of which controls the brightness of a pixel in the projected image .
Advertisement
The Oxford team fixed one of these chips between their camera ’s lens and its image sensor .
They used the chip ’s mirrors as a selective shutter , chopping up every frame of video captured by the camera into 16 lower - resolution frames .
In this way , they were able to squeeze 400 frames per second out of the 25 frames per second the camera was designed to record .
The chip does this by ensuring that only one - sixteenth of the sensor ’s pixels receive light at any moment .
It divides the image into squares four pixels across .
Then , within each standard camera frame , the chip ’s mirrors direct light first onto only the first pixel in each square , then the second , third and so on .
This means that each frame in the image is only one - sixteenth of the camera ’s full resolution – 62,500 pixels instead of 1 megapixel .
But Bub says research - grade high - speed detectors costing £ 60,000 typically have comparably few pixels .
“ And the mirror array can be bought for a few hundred pounds . ”
By using an array with even more mirrors it ’s possible to boost the frame rate even further – albeit with further losses in resolution .
The team ’s latest setup can capture high - speed movies at over 6000 frames per second .
Sharper images
But the footage from the modified camera is more useful than that from a high - speed camera .
Because each set of 16 sequential frames come from different pixels on the same sensor , they can be combined to yield the same higher - resolution images that an unmodified camera would produce .
Silicon chip engineer Mark Pitter at the University of Nottingham , UK , was impressed with an early presentation of the Oxford team ’s work .
He has devised , and will shortly patent , a silicon chip to perform the same role as the mirror array but more reliably and at lower cost .
This more refined version of the original model could see the “ movie ” and “ picture ” settings on consumer digital cameras combined , says Bub .
“ You could later turn a series of high - resolution images into a movie , or decode a movie to produce a high - resolution still , ” he says .
Journal reference : Nature Methods , DOI : 10.1038/nmeth.1429
On February 13 , 1898 , the first edition of Oscar Wilde ’s now famous poem “ The Ballad of Reading Gaol ” was published in London by publisher Leonard Smithers .
Those initial copies of the slim volume of poesy did not mention Wilde ’s name .
The author was given as “ C.3.3. , ” a reference to Wilde ’s cell number while he was in the Reading prison from 1895 to 1897 , serving a two year sentence for being a homosexual .
C.3.3. was prison shorthand for Block C , third floor , third cell .
Because of his highly - publicized conviction for “ sodomy , ” Smithers and Wilde decided to omit the poet ’s real name on the first edition of “ The Ballad of Reading Gaol , ” fearing it might hurt sales .
After the first small run sold out and several subsequent editions also sold well , Wilde ’s name finally appeared on the seventh edition .
The most famous and quoted line from the poem is “ Yet each man kills the thing he loves . ”
But “ The Ballad of Reading Gaol ” is not some sappy love ode .
It is a dark rumination on murder , the harshness of prison life and the execution of a fellow prisoner of Wilde ’s , referred to as “ C.T.W. ” in the poem .
C.T.W. was Charles Thomas Wooldridge , a former trooper in Her Majesty 's Royal Horse Guards in London .
Wooldridge and his young wife Nellie , whose full maiden name was Laura Ellen Glendell , had a short , unhappy marriage .
He suspected her of infidelity and abused her .
She decided to live apart from him in Windsor .
In March of 1896 , trooper Wooldridge begged Nellie to meet him at his barracks in London to discuss reconciliation .
She supposedly agreed , but did n’t show up .
So he took a train to Windsor .
On on March 29 , 1896 , Charlie went to Nellie ’s home and cut her throat with the straight razor he ’d brought along .
He was quickly arrested , convicted of murder , then sent to the Reading Gaol , which is where Wilde met him .
Wilde apparently liked Charlie and viewed him as a tragic figure deserving of sympathy .
But it was a short relationship .
On July 7 , 1896 Wooldridge was executed by hanging at age 30 .
After Wilde was released from prison , he wrote “ The Ballad of Reading Gaol . ”
It starts with a dedication that says : “ In Memoriam , C. T. W. Sometime Trooper of the Royal Horse Guards . ”
Here , is a key part of the poem that reflects Wilde ’s sympathetic view of Wooldridge :
“ He looked upon the garish day
With such a wistful eye ;
The man had killed the thing he loved ,
And so he had to die .
Yet each man kills the thing he loves ,
By each let this be heard ,
Some do it with a bitter look ,
Some with a flattering word ,
The coward does it with a kiss ,
The brave man with a sword !
Some kill their love when they are young ,
And some when they are old ;
Some strangle with the hands of Lust ,
Some with the hands of Gold :
The kindest use a knife , because
The dead so soon grow cold .
Some love too little , some too long ,
Some sell , and others buy ;
Some do the deed with many tears ,
And some without a sigh :
For each man kills the thing he loves ,
Yet each man does not die .
He does not die a death of shame
On a day of dark disgrace ,
Nor have a noose about his neck ,
Nor a cloth upon his face ,
Nor drop feet foremost through the floor
Into an empty space . ”
The poem goes on in that way for quite a while .
In fact , it ’s much longer .
But the excerpt above is enough to understand the main point Wilde was trying to make .
I get it .
And I recognize the brutal nature of what was considered to be “ justice ” in the Victorian era .
I especially sympathize with Wilde over the absurdly harsh treatment he received simply for being gay .
But I find it hard to feel sorry for Charles Wooldridge .
And , I am hereby dedicating this post on This Day in Quotes to poor Nellie .
* * * * * * * * * *
Comments ?
Corrections ?
Post them on the Famous Quotations Facebook page .
Thinksound 's Rain and slightly bassier Thunder earphones are made out of wood .
That 's their thing , but it 's not the best thing about them .
The best thing about them is that they 're damn nice earbuds , for a reasonable price .
Advertisement
The Price
Though their MSRPs are significantly higher , at $ 100 and $ 75 , respectively , you can find the Rains for $ 60 on Amazon , and the Thunders for about $ 45 .
In these photos , the Rains have the darker finish and black tips , while the Thunders have a cherry finish and white tips .
Advertisement
The Difference
To be honest , the only apparent difference between these two earbuds , aside from their slightly different shapes , is sound balance :
The Rains are tuned for all - around listening , and the Thunders for heavier bass .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The Experience
Advertisement
The first thing you 'll notice about the Thinksounds is that , yes , they are made out of wood , and yes , that makes them beautiful .
There 's nothing about the design or shape that 's particularly striking — if these were molded from shiny plastic , they could even look tacky — but the finish , either in Black Chocolate or Red Cherry stain , looks and feels great .
A headphone body is one of the only reasonable applications for wood in the gadget world , and to both your eyes and your fingers , the Thinksound are a treat .
But who cares what they think ; what about your ear holes ?
Not knowing that they used to be made from the living flesh of a tree , the Rains have a rich sound , if not a spectacular one .
The low end is healthy to the point that I 'd hesitate to recommend the even bassier Thunders , and the midrange is well represented and clear even at high volumes .
The highest notes , which are crucial to conveying strong presence in music , can sound a bit soft at times , but unless you 've just been listening to a set of high - end Etymotics , you 're not likely to notice .
Which brings me to the core issue here : wood .
How about that wood !
Advertisement
The Wood
I could hazard a guess that wood is the reason the Thinksounds ' sound soft at the high end , or that all the way down the equalizer , they sound warm , a favorite , and largely meaningless , word among audiophiles .
I can credit wood with the near - total lack of cable noise ( when the cord is jostled ) , and blame it for the earphones ' sound isolation , which is only OK .
I can posit that funneling sound from the 9 mm ( and in the case of the Thunder , 10 mm ) drivers through wood instead of plastic would cause sound to reverberate differently .
I could buy into Thinksound 's claims that building headphones out of renewable natural materials is better for the environment than building them out of something else .
Advertisement
But since I can't actually test a plastic or metal version of the Rain or Thunder , and since I have absolutely no background in ecology or material science , I wo n't .
I 'll just say that , for the price , the Thinksound Rains hold their own against any other earphone , up to an including the Shure SE115s , and that for any price , you 're not going to find a set of earphones more attractive , or immediately distinctive .
Advertisement
So : should you wood ?
Sure you should .
[ Thinksound ]
Advertisement
They 're even prettier in real life than they look above
Advertisement
Balanced , clean , powerful sound , especially for the ( street ) price .
Advertisement
They 're good for the environment , despite the fact that they 're explicitly made from something that used to be alive , and now is n't .
This is a plus if you want it to be , and causes no compromise .
Advertisement
The Thunders are a bit too bassy , so unless you like your music thumpier than most , stick with the slightly more expensive Rains .
Are video games suffering from vaginaphobia ?
A new piece in the Escapist thinks so , but understanding the gaming landscape requires some discussion of discomfort with healthy representations of sexuality , and why so many embrace these manufactured worlds .
Advertisement
In a somewhat scattered article , Michael Thomsen attempts to explain some of the gender gaps in gaming by discussing how gaming culture caters to stereotypical male interests .
In order to do this , he reveals anecdotes about creating a teen persona of " the honey magnet " to brag about his skills in seduction - though the reality did not match up to the image he attempted to project .
He then discusses how many aspects of gaming appear to have a healthy fear of the feminine - which manifests in everything from awkward character interactions to the demonization of female anatomy .
In Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns of the Patriots ( a game which spelled out the word " SAVIOR " in bright red letters on its back cover ) , the characters Meryl and Johnny decide to marry without ever having so much as kissed .
During the actual ceremony , Johnny hesitates to kiss the woman with the trepidation of a first date . [...]
More recently , EA released b- roll footage of the Lust level in Dante 's Inferno , featuring a female enemy that has a retractable spike emerge from the vaginal folds of her crotch .
A boss later in the stage is a topless giant who shoots a stream of demonic wasps from her nipples .
The footage has , as of this writing , not been posted anywhere save a subscription locked video roundtable on IGN.com .
Gore and graphic disfigurement are regularly celebrated in videogames , the only unique element of the Dante 's Inferno footage is the close association with female genitals .
Why should a tentacle popping out of a woman 's crotch be less acceptable than a tentacle popping out of a man 's neck in Resident Evil 5 ?
" Our secular culture produces all kinds of fear , including fear of the female anatomy , " Janet Jakobsen , Director of the Barnard Center for Research on Women , told me .
" If you watch any horror movies , like if you watch the Aliens series , the chances are whatever is horrible has to do with vaginas , pregnancy , childbirth , wet stuff .
It 's just all there . "
Advertisement
Thomsen continues to explain how sexual representation in games is fairly one - sided :
When sex does appear in games , it is almost always connected to phallocentric displays of male prowess .
In God of War 2 , Kratos beds two women in a show of pure virility .
In the sarcastic world of Grand Theft Auto IV , sex is not an act of mutual exchange of affection between two people , it 's a waiting game .
Nico takes women on dates , listens to their conceited monologues , and then chooses to " push his luck . "
If you 'd rather not participate in the formalities of dating , you can skip the bother of connecting with another person and pay a hooker to grind in Nico 's lap .
Sex in videogames is either the product of being good , getting lucky , or an exchange of money .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
A recent feature from UGO on the " Best Video Game Sex Scenes " underscores Thomsen 's point and adds a different dynamic : how many sex scenes are generally girl - on - girl , or do n't really imply sex at all .
Outside of the examples Thomsen mentions and the Hot Coffee hidden minigame , sex generally is n't a part of the gaming landscape - even though hypersexualized avatars and characters are .
As a result of this , there are allusions to sexual violence and assault in a few games , but it is rare to actually see that type of violence depicted on screen .
The photo illustrating this post is actually from a tipster , who snapped a picture of a modified GTA advertisement while at a New York subway stop .
While the pic above claims that Grand Theft Auto is a rape simulator , most of the interactions in the gameplay are not of a sexual variety .
Nico 's pushing , CJ 's pimping , paying for prostitutes , and going to strip clubs are part of the game landscape , along with fast food joints , auto body shops , and the gym .
For those who 've never played , this trailer for Grand Theft Auto : Vice City is a pretty good representation of what you spend your time in game doing :
Fleeing , fighting , shooting , careening around on motorcycles looms large - anything involving women ( in general ) is just background .
So while the more graphic possibilities of the game receive the most media airtime , it 's actually a very small part of the experience .
However , Grand Theft Auto is one of the few popular , top - selling games that does deal explicitly with themes of sex and violence , and so it is interesting to analyze .
Thomsen , near the end of his piece , reveals his own version of fantasy fulfillment :
I remember the first time I played Grand Theft Auto : Vice City .
After the opening cut scene , I stepped into the polygonal metropolis and saw a woman in a bikini across the street .
I approached her , as if by instinct , and then proceeded to beat her to death .
I was simultaneously delighted and horrified that I could do such a thing in a videogame .
Somewhere inside , I felt that old adolescent insecurity stirring inside me , the seed from which my delusional " honey magnet " persona had sprung .
" It 's still there , " I thought .
Then I moved on to the real business of killing immigrant gangbangers and stealing their cocaine .
Advertisement
Now , on one level , I can understand the appeal .
Grand Theft Auto is fun because of the freedom it provides .
You can be ( relatively ) straight - laced , a reluctant criminal just trying to get by .
Or you can become a pillaging monster , embroiled in police chases while murdering your way across the city .
Or you can drive around and listen to the radio .
If you want to advance the plot , there are missions to complete , but there are hours and hours of extras .
So the freedom to do absolutely anything ( including beat someone down with your bare hands ) is stimulating .
But on the other hand , I 've notice that a lot of my gamer friends ( many of whom are female ) do n't seem to take the perverse pleasure in murdering female characters that some of the male players do .
It 's an option , certainly , and I 'd be hard pressed to find any one of us who did n't roll someone over with a car because it was just faster , or shot a bystander in the head because you just felt like it .
But we do n't spend time in the strip clubs and we do n't spend time making videos like this ( warning , may be a bit triggering ) :
When Grand Theft Auto : San Andreas came out , players created and uploaded dozens of videos that featured them doing nothing but mowing down prostitutes .
( Though , for perspective , they uploaded hundreds of videos for car and motorcycle tricks . )
However , many players do n't partake in these activities at all .
So why the disparity in play styles ?
In the Escapist article , Thomsen quotes Samhita Mukhopadhyay of Feministing , who provides the explanation that people are acting out of fantasy :
Samhita Mukhopadhyay of the blog Feministing , spoke out against the misogynistic imbalance in Grand Theft Auto IV based on a now retracted montage posted on IGN showing Nico killing different women after having sex with them .
" If you could kill male prostitutes in the game , then it would be different , but you can only kill female prostitutes , " she told me .
" It 's clearly a fantasy .
This is not the real world , and you have the right to fantasize about what you want to fantasize about .
I 'm more interested in what informs that fantasy .
It 's not coming out of nowhere . "
Advertisement
And there we are .
Generally , my fantasies do n't involve causing harm to other women , so it is n't something I do in game .
But Samhita asks a provocative question - what informs these fantasies ?
Is it men reacting in extreme ways to their vaginaphobia , as Thomsen suggests ?
Or is there something more ?
As a player , one of the most consistent game - world fantasies decrees that women are to be presented as objects , acquisitions , or eye candy .
Feminist gamers often discuss the lack of female protagonists as characters - but the flip side of that is women are always positioned as existing for the male gaze .
I described the women of GTA as background because sadly , that 's exactly what they are - sexualized wallpaper , normally employed to serve a very limited purpose ( occasionally related to the plot ) and then relegated back to the shadows of the game .
There are also very few depictions of healthy sexuality in games - if the main character interacts with a love interest at all , these depictions are either overwhelmingly chaste or entirely dominated by the male protagonists ' desires and interests .
( The girl on girl interactions in game are generally designed to titillate male viewers , so I will not discuss them here . )
Advertisement
To introduce female characters outside of the dynamic established Madonna / Whore complex would force a more nuanced view of women and their roles and positions as part of the game , which is something that would disrupt these carefully constructed fantasies .
So , in sum , it is n't just a fear of women that is pervasive in gaming culture , but the fear of an autonomous woman that influences what we see in our games .
Vaginaphobia [ The Escapist ]
Best Video Game Sex Scenes [ Ugo ]
Hot Coffee Minigame Controversy [ Wikipedia ]
The massive recall of Toyota Motor Corporation vehicles has shocked the world .
Sasaki Shozo , a labor movement researcher , contributed an article to Akahata on February 5 and 6 .
The excerpt is as follows :
Toyota is recalling more than 10 million units of 21 models , including the Prius , across the world , including the United States , Europe , Canada , and China .
The cause of defects is said to be design flaws and quality problems .
Toyota ’s U.S. - based parts supplier is responsible to some extent .
However , it is Toyota itself that must bear the blame for failing to ensure the safety of its products and continuing to produce defective vehicles .
When a defect was found in the first place , it should have made appropriate responses to it and strengthened safety management .
The underlying cause , in fact , is the contradiction between “ procuring parts of high quality ” and stress on “ low cost ” in pursuit of the position as the world ’s number - one car maker .
With more than 13 trillion yen in its internal reserves , it has not allowed the wages of its workers to increase and has replaced full - time regular workers with contingent labor under the pretext of international competition .
It has exported low - cost vehicles abroad as a result of its all - out cost - cutting efforts in order to increase profits .
In contrast , it has ignored the need to contribute to stimulating domestic demand and individual consumption .
High profit first
Even at overseas factories , a top priority was the pursuit of cost - cutting measures .
The reason for Toyota ’s problems is that Toyota disregards the need to ensure product quality and guaranteeing customers ’ safety .
Toyota states that based on its “ customer first ” philosophy , it develops and provides safe and outstanding high quality products and services .
And as for corporate social responsibility , Toyota states that it highly prioritizes product safety which is a matter of life and death .
However , under its high profit first policy , Toyota ignores its own corporate philosophy and claimed corporate social responsibility .
This attitude has led to the present recall of more than a million cars .
Regaining customers ’ trust
Toyota should strive to regain domestic and foreign Toyota owner trust in its product safety .
To this end , it is needed for Toyota to drastically change its business strategy of cost reduction to make high profits .
It should raise workers ’ wages and improve their working conditions , secure non-regular workers ’ jobs and treat them equally with regular workers , and guarantee stable unit prices for affiliated firms and subcontractors .
In other words , Toyota should fulfill its social responsibilities .
This is the way for Toyota to produce safe and high - quality cars and achieve national and international trust .
This will help expand and stabilize domestic demand and recover local and national economies .
In order to pursue this course , Toyota needs to return to society a part of its profits and internal reserves .
What government must do is to exercise leadership to require major corporations to fulfill their social responsibilities .
– Akahata , February 5 & 6 , 2010
* * *
An engineer who has been involved in product design and development at a Toyota - affiliate company pointed out that the period before a new car comes onto the market , the so - called time - to - market , is very short .
He said to an Akahata reporter , “ If Toyota had spent enough time to conduct test runs , torture tests , crash tests , and various other tests to evaluate a product ’s ability to withstand extreme conditions , the company could have discovered defects in newly - developed cars .
Because it is difficult to determine , for example , actual safety at the time of the crash and problems regarding the accelerator pedal and the brake system only by computer - simulated tests , developers must check out each item before putting a new product on the market .
However , short - term development is the norm at present .
They have a time limit and must keep to a development deadline . ”
– Akahata , February 7 , 2010
This article originally appeared at Japan Press Weekly .
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/8762328@N03/ / CC BY -SA 2.0
Note :
You can propose changes using the forum below .
Add support for voice and video chat in Pidgin .
It must work using the MSN , XMPP , SIP , AIM and Yahoo messenger protocols , and it must work at least as fully and reliably as the most current proprietary clients .
The deliverable should be as patches against the latest release versions of Pidgin and libpurple , whatever they happen to be at the time .
And the separation of code between Pidgin and libpurple should be done cleanly , in a way that the official Pidgin developers would reasonably expect .
The following is a quote from the relevant section of Pidgin's FAQ :
" We aim to have an abstracted , protocol - agnostic API for voice and video , which makes the task harder .
Also adding to the difficulty is that now that we have a completely split core ( libpurple ) and UI ( Pidgin and Finch ) , we refuse to take a step backward and violate this split .
The protocol plugins can NOT have any code in them that is UI - dependent , or we break the libpurple / UI split .
This imposes additional restrictions that make it a very painstaking process to implement voice and video correctly . "
Accordingly , part of this task is to provide a design for a voice and video API ( as an extension of libpurple ? ) which the official Pidgin developers could reasonably be expected to approve .
As it stands , the Pidgin developers have provided no target date for the availability of this feature .
( According to the FAQ : " It could be tomorrow , or it could be in 2099 . " )
Hopefully this project will help to speed things up .
$ 25,000 Bounty by jjgignac on Wed , Apr 2 , 2008 @ 14:36 EDT ( 1 reply ) ( 1 reply )
Pidgin Ticket by Anonymous on Sat , Apr 5 , 2008 @ 22:12 EDT
[ ACCEPTED ]
More protocols by jjgignac on Sun , Jul 27 , 2008 @ 10:50 EDT
hi by nichevision on Sat , Aug 16 , 2008 @ 05:45 EDT ( 1 reply ) ( 1 reply )
Ghost submission ?
by jjgignac on Sat , Oct 18 , 2008 @ 21:58 EDT ( 2 replies ) ( 2 replies )
Quality ? by Anonymous on Wed , Dec 31 , 2008 @ 02:12 EST ( 4 replies ) ( 4 replies )
Considering withdrawing funding by jjgignac on Fri , Jul 31 , 2009 @ 12:23 EDT ( 2 replies ) ( 2 replies )
An iconic creature from Hayao Miyazaki 's legendary animated movie My Neighbor Totoro is the cat bus - a giant , flying cat whose belly is a soft , purring cab for riders .
Now Nucleus Gallery is showcasing cat bus inspired art .
Advertisement
Yes , artist Becky Dreistadt has given us this work , showing a cat bus who has had kittens .
And they are face - smooshingly cute .
The gallery just launched a blog of art inspired by Miyazaki's Studio Ghibli , which also released classics like Spirited Away , Princess Mononoke , Kiki's Delivery Service , and most recently , Ponyo .
The kitten buses are featured on the Nucleus Gallery blog .
Have you created any art inspired by Studio Ghibli ?
You can submit your work to the blog too , and if the curators like it , they 'll feature it .
Advertisement
Another art blog the Nucleus launched is devoted to ninjas .
Here 's one of my favorite pieces from that , depicting an extremely upset ninja , by Jon St. Amant .
It 's called " When The Stress Becomes Too Much . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Nucleus Gallery is also a physical space in Alhambra , near Los Angeles .
The gallery , which specializes in pop culture art , is currently hosting a show devoted to zombie love .
All the images are available online .
You can see more amusement from the Nucleus gallery here .
[ spotted on Japanator ]
Web sites will be taken down if their intent is to provide information to terrorists
The U.K. public can report terrorism - related Web sites to authorities for removal from the Internet under a new program launched by the British government .
The program is a way in which the government is seeking to enforce the Terrorism Acts of 2000 and 2006 , which make it illegal to have or share information that 's intended to be useful to terrorists and bans glorifying terrorism or urging people to commit terrorism .
People can report Web sites on Direct .co.uk by filling out a Web - based form .
The form includes categories to describe what 's on the Web site , such as " terrorist training material " or " hate crimes . "
Content deemed illegal by the U.K. includes videos of beheadings , messages that encourage racial or terrorist violence and chat forums revolving around hate crimes , according to information on Direct.co.uk .
The reports are anonymous and are then reviewed by police officers who are part of the new Counter Terrorism Internet Referral Unit , run by the Association of Chief Police Officers ( ACPO ) .
A Home Office spokeswoman said that unit would be responsible for determining the intent of the content posted , which would determine whether it is in fact illegal .
But it begs the question of how , for example , chemistry textbooks published by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology -- which have information on poison and explosives -- could be viewed , said Wendy M. Grossman , a member of the Open Rights Group advisory council and a freelance technology writer .
" I suppose the key is ' intended to be useful to terrorists , ' and what they 're trying to get at is networks of terrorists who educate each other and their recruits , " Grossman said .
" Bottom line is I do n't believe this effort is going to make us any safer , though it may well turn up a few idiots who get prosecuted for , basically , saying stupid things . "
Police should review submitted sites fairly quickly , said an ACPO spokeswoman .
If the Web site is hosted in the U.K. , police would ask the hosting provider to take the site offline .
If a site is hosted overseas , then police would engage private industry and other law enforcement agencies , she said .
The reporting Web site is a sensible idea , but it 's unlikely that many people will know it even exists if they come across the type of material the government aims to stop , said Struan Robertson , a technology lawyer at Pinsent Masons .
" I do n't think the police anticipate a huge number of submissions , " Robertson said .
In October 2007 , British police arrested a 17 - year - old for possessing a copy of the " The Anarchist Cookbook , " a 1970s - era book featuring instructions on homemade bomb - making and other destructive tips .
Last month , a 38 - year - old man pleaded not guilty to 12 terrorism - related charges , including four counts of owning information useful to terrorism , according to a BBC news story .
One of the counts was for possessing " The Anarchist Cookbook , " which is still sold today on Amazon.co.uk .
The Holy Family Chapter VI 3 )
c ) Critical Battle Against the French Revolution
The narrow - mindedness of the Mass forced the “ Spirit ” , Criticism , Herr Bauer , to consider the French Revolution not as the time of the revolutionary efforts of the French in the “ prosaic sense ” but “ only ” as the “ symbol and fantastic expression ” of the Critical figments of his own brain .
Criticism does penance for its “ oversight ” by submitting the Revolution to a fresh examination .
At the same time it punishes the seducer of its innocence — “ the Mass ” — by communicating to it the results of this “ fresh examination ” .
“ The French Revolution was an experiment which still belonged entirely to the eighteenth century . ”
The chronological truth that an experiment of the eighteenth century like the French Revolution is still entirely an experiment of the eighteenth century , and not , for example , an experiment of the nineteenth , seems “ still entirely ” to be one of those truths which “ are self - evident from the start ” .
But in the terminology of criticism , which is very prejudiced against “ crystal - clear ” truths , a truth like that is called an “ examination ” and therefore naturally has its place in a “ fresh examination of the Revolution ” .
“ The ideas to which the French Revolution gave rise did not , however , lead beyond the order of things that it wanted to abolish by force . ”
Ideas can never lead beyond an old world order but only beyond the ideas of the old world order .
Ideas cannot carry out anything at all .
In order to carry out ideas men are needed who can exert practical force .
In its literal sense the Critical sentence is therefore another truth that is self - evident , and therefore another “ examination ” .
Undeterred by this examination , the French Revolution gave rise to ideas which led beyond the ideas of the entire old world order .
The revolutionary movement which began in 1789 in the Cercle Social , [ 31 ] which in the middle of its course had as its chief representatives Leclerc and Roux , and which finally with Babeuf ’s conspiracy was temporarily defeated , gave rise to the communist idea which Babeuf ’s friend Buonarroti re-introduced in France after the Revolution of 1830 .
This idea , consistently developed , is the idea of the new world order .
“ After the Revolution had therefore ” (! ) “ abolished the feudal barriers in the fife of the people , it was compelled to satisfy and even to inflame the pure egoism of the nation and , on the other hand , to curb it by its necessary complement , the recognition of a supreme being , by this higher confirmation of the general state System , which has to hold together the individual self - seeking atoms . ”
The egoism of the nation is the natural egoism of the general state system , as opposed to the egoism of the feudal classes .
The supreme being is the higher confirmation of the general state system , and hence also of the nation .
Nevertheless , the supreme being is supposed to curb the egoism of the nation , that is , of the general state system !
A really Critical task , to curb egoism by means of its confirmation and even of its religious confirmation , i.e. , by recognising that it is of a superhuman nature and therefore free of human restraint !
The creators of the supreme being were not aware of this , their Critical intention .
Monsieur Buchez , who bases national fanaticism on religious fanaticism , understands his hero Robespierre better .
Nationalism [ Nationalität ] led to the downfall of Rome and Greece .
Criticism therefore says nothing specific about the French Revolution when it maintains that nationalism caused its downfall , and it says just as little about the nation when it defines its egoism as pure .
This pure egoism appears rather to be a very dark , spontaneous egoism , combined with flesh and blood , when compared , for example , with the pure egoism of Fichte ’s “ ego ” .
But if , in contrast to the egoism of the feudal classes , its purity is only relative , no “ fresh examination of the revolution ” was needed to see that the egoism which has a nation as its content is more general or purer than that which has as its content a particular social class or a particular corporation .
Criticism ’s explanations about the general state system are no less instructive .
They are confined to saying that the general state system must hold together the individual self - seeking atoms .
Speaking exactly and in the prosaic sense , the members of civil society are not atoms .
The specific property of the atom is that it has no properties and is therefore not connected with beings outside it by any relationship determined by its own natural necessity .
The atom has no needs , it is self - sufficient . , the world outside it is an absolute vacuum , i.e. , is contentless , senseless , meaningless , just because the atom has all fullness in itself .
The egoistic individual in civil society may in his non-sensuous imagination and lifeless abstraction inflate himself into an atom , i.e. , into an unrelated , self - sufficient , wantless , absolutely full , blessed being .
Unblessed sensuous reality does not bother about his imagination , each of his senses compels him to believe in the existence of the world and of individuals outside him , and even his profane stomach reminds him every day that the world outside him is not empty , but is what really fills .
Every activity and property of his being , every one of his vital urges , becomes a need , a necessity , which his self - seeking transforms into seeking for other things and human beings outside him .
But since the need of one individual has no self - evident meaning for another egoistic individual capable of satisfying that need , and therefore no direct connection with its satisfaction , each individual has to create this connection ; it thus becomes the intermediary between the need of another and the objects of this need .
Therefore , it is natural necessity , the essential human properties however estranged they may seem to be , and interest that hold the members of civil society together ; civil , not political life is their real tie .
It is therefore not the state that holds the atoms of civil society together , but the fact that they are atoms only in imagination in the heaven of their fancy , but in reality beings tremendously different from atoms , in other words , not divine egoists , but egoistic human beings .
Only political superstition still imagines today that civil life must be held together by the state , whereas in reality , on the contrary , the state is held together by civil life .
“ Robespierre ’s and Saint - Just ’s tremendous idea of making a ‘ free people ’ which would live only according to the rules of justice and virtue — see , for example , Saint - Just ’s report on Danton ’s crimes and his other report on the general police — could be maintained for a certain time only by terror and was a contradiction against which the vulgar , self - seeking elements of the popular community reacted in the cowardly and insidious way that was only to he expected from them .. ,
This phrase of Absolute Criticism , which describes a “ free people ” as a “ contradiction ” against which the elements of the “ popular community ” are bound to react , is absolutely hollow , for according to Robespierre and Saint - just liberty , justice and virtue could , on the contrary , be only manifestations of the life of the “ people ” and only properties of the “ popular community ” .
Robespierre and Saint - just spoke explicitly of “ liberty , justice and virtue ” of ancient times , belonging only to the “ popular community ” .
Spartans , Athenians and Romans at the time of their greatness were “ free , just and virtuous peoples ” .
“ What , ” asks Robespierre in his speech on the principles of public morals ( sitting of the Convention on February 5 , 1794 ) , “ is the fundamental principle of democratic or popular government ?
It is virtue , I mean public virtue , which worked such miracles in Greece and Rome and which will work still greater ones in Republican France ; virtue which is nothing but love of one ’s country and its laws . ” >
Robespierre then explicitly calls the Athenians and Spartans “ peuples libres ” .
He continually recalls the ancient popular commune and quotes its heroes as well as its corrupters — Lycurgus , Demosthenes , Miltiades , Aristides , Brutus and Catilina , Caesar , Clodius and Piso .
In his report on Danton ’s arrest ( referred to by Criticism ) Saint - Just says explicitly :
“ The world has been empty since the Romans , and only their memory fills it and still prophesies liberty . ”
His accusation is composed in the ancient style and directed against Danton as against Catilina .
In Saint - Just ’s other report , the one on the general police , the republican is described exactly in the ancient sense , as inflexible , modest , simple and so on .
The police should be an institution of the same nature as the Roman censorship . —
He does not fail to mention Codrus , Lycurgus , Caesar , Cato , Catilina , Brutus , Antonius , and Cassius .
Finally , Saint - Just describes the “ liberty , justice and virtue ” that he demands in a single word when he says :
“ Que les hommes révolutionnaires soient des Romains . "
[ " Let revolutionary men he Romans . " ]
Robespierre , Saint - just and their party fell because they confused the ancient , realistic - democratic commonweal based on real slavery with the modern spiritualistic - democratic representative state , which is based on emancipated slavery , bourgeois society .
What a terrible illusion it is to have to recognise and sanction in the rights of man modern bourgeois society , the society of industry , of universal competition , of private interest freely pursuing its aims , of anarchy , of self - estranged natural and spiritual individuality , and at the same time to want afterwards to annul the manifestations of the life of this society in particular individuals and simultaneously to want to model the political head of that society in the manner of antiquity !
The illusion appears tragic when Saint - Just , on the day of his execution , pointed to the large table of the Rights of Man hanging in the hall of the Conciergerie and said with proud dignity : “ C'est pourtant moi qui ai fait cela ” [ Yet it was I who made that ]
It was just this table that proclaimed the right of a man who cannot be the man of the ancient commonweal any more than his economic and industrial conditions are those of ancient times .
This is not the place to vindicate the illusion of the Terrorists historically .
“ After the fall of Robespierre the political enlightenment and movement hastened to the point where they became the prey of Napoleon who , shortly after 18 Brumaire , could say : ‘ With my prefects , gendarmes and priests I can do what I like with France . ' ”
Profane history , on the other hand , reports :
After the fall of Robespierre , the political enlightenment , which formerly had been overreaching itself and had been extravagant , began for the first time to develop prosaically .
Under the government of the Directory , bourgeois society , freed by the Revolution itself from the trammels of feudalism and officially recognised in spite of the Terror ’s wish to sacrifice it to an ancient form of political life , broke out in powerful streams of life .
A storm and stress of commercial enterprise , a passion for enrichment , the exuberance of the new bourgeois life , whose first self - enjoyment is pert , light - hearted , frivolous and intoxicating ; a real enlightenment of the land of France , the feudal structure of which had been smashed by the hammer of the Revolution and which , by the first feverish efforts of the numerous new owners , had become the object of all - round cultivation ; the first moves of industry that had now become free — these were some of the signs of life of the newly emerged bourgeois society .
Bourgeois society is positively represented by the bourgeoisie .
The bourgeoisie , therefore , begins its rule .
The rights of man cease to exist merely in theory .
It was not the revolutionary movement as a whole that became the prey of Napoleon on 18 Brumaire , as Criticism in its faith in a Herr von Rotteck or Welcker believes ; it was the liberal bourgeoisie .
One only needs to read the speeches of the legislators of the time to be convinced of this .
One has the impression of coming from the National Convention into a modern Chamber of Deputies .
Napoleon represented the last battle of revolutionary terror against the bourgeois society which had been proclaimed by this same Revolution , and against its policy .
Napoleon , of course , already discerned the essence of the modern state ; he understood that it is based on the unhampered development of bourgeois society , on the free movement of private interest , etc .
He decided to recognise and protect this basis .
He was no terrorist with his head in the clouds .
Yet at the same time he still regarded the state as an end in itself and civil life only as a treasurer and his subordinate which must have no will of its own .
He perfected the Terror by substituting permanent war for permanent revolution .
He fed the egoism of the French nation to complete satiety but demanded also the sacrifice of bourgeois business , enjoyments , wealth , etc. , whenever this was required by the political aim of conquest .
If he despotically suppressed the liberalism of bourgeois society — the political idealism of its daily practice — he showed no more consideration for its essential material interests , trade and industry , whenever they conflicted with his political interests .
His scorn of industrial hommes d'affaires was the complement to his scorn of ideologists .
In his home policy , too , he combated bourgeois society as the opponent of the state which in his own person he still held to be an absolute aim in itself .
Thus he declared in the State Council that he would not suffer the owner of extensive estates to cultivate them or not as he pleased .
Thus , too , he conceived the plan of subordinating trade to the state by appropriation of roulage [ road haulage ] .
French businessmen took steps to anticipate the event that first shook Napoleon ’s power .
Paris exchange - brokers forced him by means of an artificially created famine to delay the opening of the Russian campaign by nearly two months and thus to launch it too late in the year .
Just as the liberal bourgeoisie was opposed once more by revolutionary terror in the person of Napoleon , so it was opposed once more by counter - revolution in the Restoration in the person of the Bourbons .
Finally , in 1830 the bourgeoisie put into effect its wishes of the year 1789 , with the only difference that its political enlightenment was now completed , that it no longer considered the constitutional representative state as a means for achieving the ideal of the state , the welfare of the world and universal human aims but , on the contrary , had acknowledged it as the official expression of its own exclusive power and the political recognition of its own special interests .
The history of the French Revolution , which dates from 1789 , did not come to an end in 1830 with the victory of one of its components enriched by the consciousness of its own social importance .
The Google Nexus
One originally wowed us with its 1GHz Snapdragon processor , handily beating the 600MHz ARM core that powers the iPhone 3GS on raw performance .
However , it turns out that the iPhone 's combination of PowerVR SGX GPU and support for ARM's Neon floating point optimizations still give it a significant edge over the Nexus One when it comes to 3D animation .
Mobile developer Distinctive Games used a 3D game engine that taxes both the CPU and GPU to compare performance between an iPhone 3GS and a Nexus One .
With a rendered background and two characters , iPhone clocks 60 fps while the Nexus One manages just 30 fps .
The Nexus One has a much higher resolution than the iPhone — 800 x 480 versus 480 x 320 — so the Nexus One was limited to the lower resolution , resulting in an increase to 40 fps .
As the number of on - screen characters ramped up to eight , however , the iPhone managed a just - playable 29 fps , while the Nexus One dropped down to 21 fps .
Distinctive tested the devices further and found that two things were limiting the frame rate .
The GPU in the Nexus One appears to not be as robust as that in the iPhone for 3D performance , and the CPU is being limited because the Android NDK ( native development kit—used for apps that need direct hardware access , like games ) does n't utilize ARM 's Neon floating point optimizations .
There is a workaround that allows taking advantage of the Neon instructions , but it involves recompiling the whole Android OS using GCC , and updating to a newer version of GCC for NDK compilation .
i Phone developers already gain the benefits of these optimizations using the Xcode tool chain .
Android uses a Java - based SDK and Google 's own virtual machine for standard app development .
The NDK , which enables native hardware development , is still relatively new .
An expected hardware revision to the iPhone this summer — which may include a custom Apple - designed ARM - based processor — along with its more mature SDK , should keep the iPhone platform at the forefront of mobile gaming for some time to come .
Tombs discovered near Egypt 's great pyramids reinforce the theory they were built by free workers rather than slaves , experts have said .
The simple mud and brick tombs , on the outskirts of Cairo , hold the remains of men who built the pyramids of Khufu ( Cheops ) and Khafre ( Chephren ) .
Christian Fraser reports from Cairo .
February 11 , 2010
" All men of power here , get their power from plundering the Greek people , or having connections with those that do it . "
by Christos
( for www.henrymakow.com)
I am 26 years old and live in Greece .
I am writing this letter in order to let you know about a new law in Greece announced yesterday .
The financial minister of Greece announced yesterday that from 1/1/2011 all financial transactions of sums above 1500 euros in cash , will be banned .
For any transaction above 1500 euros , only credit cards and checks will be legal .
The formal explanation for this law is it will combat those who do not pay taxes .
But we all know this is not the case ...
It seems the new world order wants to make Greece a testing ground for their new laws .
For the past months , Greece have been attacked without mercy .
We have been called liars , frauds , cheaters , thieves .
They are threatening us constantly with banning from the euro zone and default .
[ These charges are ] not true .
...
The problem is , based on their accusations and ( the virtual ) bad situation of Greek finances , they will pass their experimental laws of their new world order .
The fairly new Government of the socialist party , elected 4 months ago , forgot all its promises , and is determined to pass laws giving citizenship to illegal immigrants after 5 years , without any trade - off .
We are 10 million Greeks here , and almost 3 million mostly illegal immigrants , who will obtain Greek nationality and will gain the right to bring their families here too ...
In Pakistan there are even ads saying " for 5000 euros we get you to Greece , to study free , work , make families , and obtain EU passports " ...
And now this ...
The previous government created a new ID card , to collect data from people since childbirth .
This government will ban transactions in cash over 1500 euros , in order to make all of us have credit cards .
The obvious first step is to ban all cash transactions , then merge this new ID card with the credit system , then , well .... insert this merged ID card into our bodies ...
Our peoples ' morale is low , society is disorganized because of immigration and propaganda , and we will not fight those laws .
You people living in the Western World , be prepared because they are planning the same for you !
BACKGROUND
I will try to give you my personal view of the conditions in Greece .
First of all , there is no trust in politicians .
Most people distrust them and know they are scum , but continue to vote for the same people in every election .
This happens because they promise privileges in order to get votes .
Most politicians are members of secret societies , and have close ties to USA and European elites .
Our current prime minister is even an American citizen ...
A young man living in Greece and having no connections , is hopeless .
Without connections , he will have major difficulties if he wants to join a good University ( or complete his studies without bribes ) , if he wants to find a job , or create his own .
He will be forced to join the army while privileged young men with connections will illegally avoid it .
And there is no point discussing finding love ...
Of course pretty women will pick wealthier men , but in Greece even women of moderate appearance prefer men with deep pockets .
They prefer sharing the top men than having a man only for themselves .
And the top men in Greece are all frauds .
Greece , apart from some natural resources and its tourism industry , produces nothing of value .
Corruption is so big , that all productive forces are drowned .
So all men of power here , get their power from plundering the Greek people , or having connections with those that do it .
Women ( and their families ) of course are not concerned about that .
As long as someone is wealthy , he is desirable , and value as a person is irrelevant .
Despite poor economic condition ( but not so desperate as to warrant dire measures ) , people in power take pleasure in attacking traditional customs , Orthodox Christianity , and traditional Greek patriots .
They protect illegal immigrants , and silence their crimes .
They attack Christianity , in the media , at schools etc .
They are removing all Christian symbols from public places .
MEDIA
Greek media are a pile of garbage .
For the biggest part of the day , most major TV networks will show shows discussing greek " vips " lifestyle , sexual relations etc .
There are few " political " shows and news shows , all trying to cover the truth and turn the attention of the people at matters of trivial importance .
Propaganda is blatant .
The previous government was literally destroyed by TV networks .
They promoted heavily the current government , so strongly that previous prime minister was forced to make new elections despite being only for 2 years in government .
Current prime minister made promises , NONE of which kept after being elected .
Only a few days after election , he went on with the plans of New World Order .
He created an artificially dire financial situation , in order to be able to pass whatever laws he wanted , plus giving his friends some money ...
He " cooked " our budget , by moving payments of 2010 in 2009 and incomes from 2009 to 2010 , in order to both make our deficit bigger and be able to claim in 2010 that he " improved " our economy ...
This does n't mean that our previous prime minister was n't a puppet , just that he was n't able to fulfill New World Order directions like the new government .
Huge economic scandals are discovered every day , and buried by Greek propaganda media .
And most honest people are so concerned with working 2 and 3 jobs in order to feed their families , that cannot fight this corruption .
Greek people work on average many more hours weekly than other EU countries , get much less pay , and pay more for the same products .
And because of the traitors in government , EU newspapers and media call our people lazy .
They say we need to work even more and receive even less ...
Of course this is not true .
The plunder of Greek people has been made with their assistance .
But this is a long subject and i wont go on with it .
CONCLUSION
In a few words ...
Life in Greece sucks .
Since I am a computer programmer , i have many times thought about leaving for a better country and make my living there .
But i do not want to abandon my home ... yet .
I would be willing to fight this system , but i see no point since the system is so well entrenched it cannot be tackled by a few men alone .
The reason i wrote you my previous letter is because this new law of banning cash transactions above 1500 euros is just another step towards cashless society , and is being implemented in Greece as a testing phase .
I strongly believe it is a matter of time before most western nations see similar laws .
--
" Greek Crisis is Coming to America "
First Comment - Mark
BB reader Laszlo Thoth writes ,
I 've always been puzzled by the strong opposition to same - sex marriage .
I just do n't see what 's so bad about it .
I have no idea what the harm is .
I 've talked to many supporters of CA Prop 8 but they have n't been able to tell me either .
Last night I was reading an October 14 transcript from Perry v. Schwarzenegger , the case that 's deciding the constitutionality of CA Prop 8 .
I was surprised to discover that apparently * nobody * knows what the problem is with same - sex marriage .
Not the plaintiffs , not the defendants , and not the judge , who seems more than a little surprised by this .
The whole transcript is 104 double - spaced pages ( PDF Link ) , all of which are worth reading , but I 've excerpted the good bits .
Julia Allen and her husband , Mike Palcic - or " Big Cheese , " as he 's called on his business card - have run for office on Oahu on the Republican ticket more than 10 times .
Forget the fact that neither has ever won .
They 're determined to keep running for office in one of the most left - leaning state in the union .
" I only lose if I quit , " said Allen , who received one - fifth of the vote in her 2008 race for Representative of the 20th District of Oahu .
She spent months banging on doors , asking neighbors for votes , but people were n't much interested - her opponent was the Speaker of the Hawaii House of Representatives .
These are wearisome days to be a Republican in Hawaii .
The state has voted consistently Democrat since statehood , but now that Hawaii is home state to the country 's president , the Republican Party 's meager presence in the state seems to be drizzling down to nothing .
To this day , most of the population in Hawaii seems to still have a giant crush on President Barack Obama .
Bobbleheads of the shirtless president wearing a lei are flying off shelves , and discussions about naming parks after him are already under way .
In the 2008 election , about 72 percent of votes in Hawaii went to Obama , the biggest majority in any state .
But people are n't just voting Democrat in national elections .
Of the 76 people in the state legislature , 68 are Democrats , up from 64 in 2006 .
Many Democrats ran unopposed in the last election because Republicans could n't persuade anyone to run against them , Allen said .
" Who wants to go out there and lose ? " said Allen , a slight redhead with glasses who could be mistaken for a college professor .
She has run for the same House seat every year since 2004 .
Saying you 're a Republican in Hawaii " is like saying you 're a leper , " said Palcic , a heavyset man who owns an Apple computer repair shop in Honolulu .
He first ran for state office in Hawaii in 1982 and has been in half a dozen races since then .
Perhaps Allen and Palcic can keep running because the two , who have lived in Hawaii for 31 years , have a laid - back attitude about defeat .
After Allen 's last loss , Palcic cooked up some garlic fries and held a barbecue for friends .
She was out the next day waving a sign , smiling and thanking people for voting for her , although only 1,915 did .
Still , Republicans are trying to take advantage of Hawaii 's current economic woes to rid their party of its stigma .
Under the Democratic legislature , the state 's unemployment rate has more than doubled in two years to 7 percent and the state - wide school district has canceled classes on 17 Fridays during the academic year because it can't pay its teachers .
" Voters need to realize the lopsided system does n't work , " said Cynthia Thielen , a Republican House member who ran against incumbent Daniel Akaka for Hawaii's U.S. Senate seat in 2006 .
In March , Allen , Palcic and a few other aggravated Republicans created the Hawaiian Republican Assembly , which aims to " reverse the political fortunes of candidates who support republican principals . "
Its president , Paul Smith , who has also run for the Hawaii legislature and lost , said at the time that " Hawaii seems more like a dictatorship than a Republic " because of the long reign of the Democrats .
A month later , they joined the tens of thousands of people nationwide holding " tea parties " by protesting taxes .
About 400 people showed up to their march on the state capitol .
But for the most part , Hawaiians have n't heeded their calls to action .
When Allen knocks on doors , some people slam them in her face .
Others listen politely , but seem to think that party affiliation , like genetics , run in the family .
" People say ' I 'm a Democrat because my parents were , ' " said David Chang , who is running as a Republican for a state house seat in Hawaii .
The state 's Republican party is upping the ante too .
It convinced Karl Rove to speak at the party 's annual dinner next month , and elected a 36 - year old , Jonah Kaauwai , as its head .
In his acceptance speech , he vowed that a " Republican hurricane is coming . "
At the Republican headquarters in Honolulu , the change feels a little bit more like a slow breeze .
A handful of older women sit below a poster of Lincoln , stuffing envelopes .
" You do n't even hear the word ' Republican ' in Hawaii , " said Helene Webster , a volunteer receptionist in the office .
Kaauwai , a bald , energetic man with hipster glasses , is convinced that he can change that .
He quit his job to take over the unpaid position in May and is now going about talking to people about local issues , trying to convince them that their values do n't match up with those of the Democratic Party .
" A whole bunch of people are walking around with light bulbs on their heads , " he said .
" Our job is to turn on the light . "
The Republicans were the dominant party in Hawaii until the 1950s , when Democrats led the campaign for Hawaii to become a state , said Keanu Sai , a political science and Hawaiian studies professor at Kapi'olani Community College .
Hawaii's statehood in 1959 solidified the Democratic base , which gained power as workers in the state unionized .
That stranglehold persists to this day : the state 's current governor is the only Republican elected to that office since 1962 .
The Democratic domination is being pushed further along because of Obama , Republicans say .
Thousands of previously un-registered voters participated in the 2008 election because of the native son .
And in the 2008 race for Honolulu mayor , candidate Mufi Hannemann used clips of the popular presidential candidate praising him in campaign ads .
The presence Obama plays in Hawaii politics is a source of endless frustration for both Allen and Palcic .
" People who voted for Obama did n't know what he had to say , " Allen said .
Palcic 's partner in business is an Obama supporter and posted the infamous 2008 picture of the then - president - elect bodysurfing up on the store 's largest computer screen .
Palcic and Allen say they want their elected leaders to have a sense of fiscal responsibility .
They want to wrest control from Hawaii 's unions , which they say are bankrupting the state .
And they want politicians to be more qualified - many in the legislature have never had a job except being in office , they say .
That includes Allen 's three - time opponent , who started his political career from his position as a bus boy at a now - defunct restaurant called the Flamingo Chuckwagon .
As for the president - well , do n't even get them started .
" People think that all you need to do to be president , " Allen said , " is to know how to body surf . "
Alana Semuels is a journalist for the Los Angeles Times in Los Angeles , California .
News came yesterday that oil major BP is close to a deal in the Alberta oil sands .
It appears that BP is the preferred bidder for a majority stake in bankrupt oil sands developer Value Creation .
The price tag is $ 1.2 billion .
This is a big vote of confidence for the oil sands .
At a time when confidence in Alberta 's massive oil deposits has been flagging .
With the oil price having pulled back over the last year , a lot of concerns were once again being trotted out about the oil sands .
The costs are too high .
The engineering is complex .
Securing services and labor is tough .
The oil is too " dirty " to sell in many markets .
BP 's purchase ( if it does materialize ) should put some of these concerns to bed .
Bottom line : major oil companies still want projects with large in - place oil resources .
They 're not scared of the engineering .
Give them several billion barrels , and they 'll find a way to make the recovery work .
They 're more worried about running out of reserves than they are about having to spend some money on R&D for unconventional deposits .
They will dream up a way to " manufacture oil " in technically - challenging basins .
This theme of choosing engineering risk over exploration risk is becoming more common across the resource business .
I had an excellent meeting Friday with unconventional gas guru Steve Holditch .
At his office on the Texas A&M campus , he described how gas producers are also growing adept at engineering new production in challenging reservoirs .
America has led the charge .
And with each new shale gas basin developed , the learning curve is getting less steep .
It took 20 years to get the completions right in the Barnett shale .
Today the time is only a few years .
Steve pointed to a report from April 2009 showing major U.S. shale plays .
Conspicuously missing was the Eagle Ford shale of south Texas .
Today the play is one of the most active in the nation .
A year ago it did n't even make the map .
Steve also noted that America 's gas manufacturing has grabbed the world 's attention .
He is constantly asked by foreign oil companies ( including some of the world 's largest state - owned producers ) for instruction on shale gas development .
America has changed the gas industry with shale .
Other countries want to do the same .
The rise of big , engineering - challenged deposits is n't restricted to the petroleum business .
In uranium , there is creeping interest in massive , but low - grade resources hosted in phosphates globally .
Uranium major Areva is working on phosphates in Morocco .
Here again , there 's a lot of optimization to do .
But with a prize of hundreds of millions of pounds uranium in place , it 's worth it for the company to play around with a few science projects .
If and when the project works , a significant new source of supply will be unlocked .
There are other mineral deposits like this on the frontiers .
Black shales host huge resources of uranium , molybdenum , vanadium , nickel and probably several other metals that have never been tested for .
It 's a matter of figuring out the extraction .
Low - grade copper - gold - molybdenum porphyries could become economic if underground block - caving is engineered on a wide scale .
The list of big , technically - challenged projects goes on and on .
Over the centuries many observers bet the world will run out of things like copper and oil .
And time and again , they were wrong .
We run out of conventionally - extractable deposits .
But when that draws near , we seem to have a knack for doing the work to bring unconventional deposits into the realm of possibility .
By. Dave Forest of Notela Resources
California requests $ 8 billion in federal aid
By Dan Conway
4 January 2010
California currently faces a projected budget shortfall of more than $ 20 billion dollars through fiscal year 2010 - 2011 .
At the end of December , Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger issued an appeal to the federal government for more than $ 8 billion in aid .
He also announced proposals for cuts in public transportation programs and renewed oil drilling off the California coast .
The state has suffered multi-billion dollar shortfalls since 2001 , with the last two fiscal years being particularly bad due to the economic crisis and the bursting of the housing bubble .
Massive cuts have been implemented in public education and social programs over the course of 2008 and 2009 , provoking widespread discontent across the state .
Unless his request for federal aid is met , Schwarzenegger has promised severe reductions in spending on various other state programs .
The state ’s CalWORKS welfare program , along with in - home support services for the disabled and elderly , would be significantly curtailed , if not eliminated entirely .
Additionally , the governor has warned that the current three - day - per - month unpaid furlough for state workers would be extended past its scheduled summer 2010 expiration date .
Layoffs of state employees are also being considered as a possible remedy .
The governor has not yet received a final response from the federal government to his request .
The office of congressional House Speaker and California representative Nancy Pelosi , however , issued a statement that indicated that California could not bet on help from Washington because of , among other things , the broader implications this would have for the federal government ’s fiscal relationship with states across the country .
“ Our goal is to ensure that all states are treated fairly , ” Pelosi stated .
Washington is anxious that any special effort to rescue California would unleash a tidal wave of similar demands from the dozens of other near - bankrupt state governments in the US .
The Obama administration is opposed to offering the states any financial relief , a position that it made clear over the course of 2009 .
California ’s last attempt to secure federal aid to help resolve its budgetary shortfall was unsuccessful .
Turning down a bailout request in June 2009 , US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner stated , “ A lot of the burden is going to be on them [ California ] to lay out a path that gets their deficits down to the point where they ’re going to be able to fund themselves comfortably . ”
The crisis facing California and other state governments is being used by Washington to impose a regime of fiscal austerity at the state level , resulting in the gutting of financing for public education and social programs .
While the Obama administration has made trillions of dollars available to Wall Street banks in the form of direct infusions of cash and the guaranteeing of loans , it has insisted that no money is available to help California ’s nearly 40 million residents or the rest of the working population in the country .
Even if California were to receive $ 8 billion from Washington , which is unlikely , the measures proposed by Schwarzenegger to resolve the state ’s budget problems will have devastating consequences .
One solution that the governor has put forth consists of essentially raiding funds set aside for public transportation .
In order to circumvent a law requiring that a portion of the sales tax on gasoline go towards financing transit programs , Schwarzenegger is proposing to replace this sales tax with an excise tax , which would starve public transportation of funds .
The excise tax money would then be redirected elsewhere .
If enacted , this would make the state ’s already inadequate public transportation system worse .
If , however , this measure is not implemented , cuts will have to be made in other parts of the budget .
Either way , ordinary people will pay the price .
This will be under conditions in which the state ’s working class is currently experiencing the ongoing impact of approximately $ 30 billion worth of cuts to public education and the social safety net in 2009 alone .
California ’s projected shortfall for fiscal year 2010 - 2011 includes a current deficit of over $ 1 billion and arrives on the heels of a total deficit of nearly $ 70 billion in 2009 .
Last year , the state government attempted to resolve the massive deficit through a series of budget agreements passed in January , February , and July 2009 , all of which cut state financing .
The austerity measures implemented last summer by Schwarzenegger and the Democrat - controlled state legislature included $ 80 million in cuts to programs for abused and neglected children , $ 50 million from the state ’s healthy families health insurance program , $ 50 million in services for children under the age of three with developmental disabilities , $ 2 billion from local governments , $ 1.3 billion in state - provided health insurance to low income residents , $ 1.3 billion in state worker pay through mandatory unpaid furlough days , and $ 8 billion from public education .
This followed on the heels of cuts implemented during the winter 2009 , which saw $ 8.6 billion taken away from public education , $ 1.3 billion cut from the state ’s Supplemental Security Income / Supplementary Payments Program ( which provides assistance to low - income seniors and children with disabilities ) , and $ 149 million taken from the Cash Assistance Program for disabled immigrants .
This came on top of approximately $ 15 billion in spending reductions instituted in 2008 .
Any claim that the state ’s fiscal woes are caused by “ out of control spending ” on social programs , as is often made by austerity advocates , is completely absurd and a contemptuous lie .
A recent report issued by the California Budget Project , a Sacramento - based non-profit , has sought to document the effect of the state ’s meltdown on low and middle - income residents .
The report , entitled “ In the Midst of the Great Recession : The State of Working California 2009 , ” notes that job losses between July 2007 and July 2009 erased and surpassed the previous four years of job gains .
The state lost 952,800 jobs during the 2007 - 2009 period while only 846,000 jobs were added between July 2003 and July 2007 , during the height of the housing boom .
The jobs lost during the 2007 - 2009 period also accounted for the largest drop , 6.3 percent , for any single economic downturn since records have been kept .
Unemployment insurance claims jumped by 81.9 percent between July 2007 and 2009 , while only half of the state ’s unemployed actually received benefits during the first quarter of 2009 .
Although the state ’s official unemployment rate of 12.3 percent is the third highest in the nation , California ranks 37th in the nation in terms of the percentage of unemployed receiving benefits .
In January 2009 , the state ’s unemployment fund became insolvent due to increased demand for benefits .
It began borrowing money from the federal government , which it must repay in 2011 .
At current projections , the state will have to borrow an additional $ 17.8 billion from the federal government by the end of 2010 to meet its obligations .
The report notes that it will take several years to reach pre-recession employment levels , particularly because the number of young Californians entering the job market for the first time underwent a sharp increase since the recession began .
Millions of Californians express little or no hope in the state government .
Approval ratings for Schwarzenegger are at 24 percent , while that of the state legislature is even lower at 17 percent .
The author also recommends :
Police crack down on California student protests
[ 14 December 2009 ]
California finances plummet less than three months after budget passage
[ 11 November 2009 ]
For a fight against education cuts in California !
[ 23 September 2009 ]
The Doomsday Clock has shifted to six minutes before midnight The Doomsday Clock - a barometer of nuclear danger for the past 63 years - has been moved one minute further away from the " midnight hour " .
The concept timepiece , devised by the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists ( BAS ) now stands at six minutes to the hour .
The group said it made the decision to move the clock back because of a more " hopeful state of world affairs " .
The clock was first featured by the magazine in 1947 , shortly after the US dropped its A - bombs on Japan .
The clock had been adjusted 18 times before today since its initial start at seven minutes to midnight .
Most recently , in January 2007 , the clock moved to five minutes to midnight , when climate change was added to the prospect of nuclear annihilation as the greatest threats to humankind .
The concerns then included Iran 's nuclear ambitions and the inability to halt the international trafficking of nuclear materials such as highly enriched uranium and plutonium .
See how the clock has changed Two years later , however , the board of the BAS says that there is now a " growing political will " to tackle both the " terror of nuclear weapons " and " runaway climate change " .
At a news conference in New York , the BAS board said : " By shifting the hand back from midnight by only one additional minute , we emphasize how much needs to be accomplished , while at the same time recognizing signs of collaboration among the United States , Russia , the European Union , India , China , Brazil , and others on nuclear security and on climate stabilization . "
But Lawrence Krauss , co-chair of the BAS board of sponsors , warned scientists that there was still much to be done .
" We urge leaders to fulfill the promise of a nuclear weapon - free world and to act now to slow the pace of climate change , " he said .
" We are mindful of the fact that the clock is ticking , " he added .
The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists , founded by former Manhattan Project physicists , has campaigned for nuclear disarmament since 1947 .
Its board periodically reviews issues of global security and challenges to humanity , not solely those posed by nuclear technology , although most have had a technological component .
Click to return
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Feature photo : Author / Above Photo : Feature photo : Author / Above Photo : coral11
Nancy Harder challenges the social and legislative prejudices against pit bulls .
I used to think pit bulls were born mean .
I had never met one , but I accepted the opinions of my parents and the adults around me .
I did n’t question the prejudice , despite a lack of evidence .
Looking back , I recognize my prejudice originated no differently than other types of bigotry .
Last week , Matador raised similar prejudice and stereotype issues in Leigh Shulman ’s article “ On the Front Porch with a Gun , Waiting for the Black People to Come ” and Ricardo Arthur ’s “ Barraku : Black Culture in Japan ” .
My attitude towards pit bulls did n’t change until I met my now - husband .
In a discussion about possible future pets , my husband said the only dog he would consider adopting was a pit bull .
I questioned his reasoning , only to grow ashamed when he described all the positive , loving experiences he had with the breed .
Bigotry checked , I began researching the breed .
I fell in love .
I learned that violent acts attributed to pit bulls are not innate to the breed ; violence is a manifestation of the way pit bulls are treated and raised .
Despite the media ’s portrayal of the breed as inherently aggressive dogs with a proclivity towards fighting , pit bulls will not act more aggressively than any other dog if not abused .
The real pit bull
Pit bulls do have three characteristics easily exploited for dog fighting .
It ’s no surprise that with these characteristics , bull breeds can be trained to harm :
Zoey - Photo by Author Zoey - Photo by Author
1 ) Very high intelligence .
2 ) Strong desire and determination to please their owner .
3 ) Physical strength and stamina .
Cosmic intervention brought our pit bull , Zoey , to us .
A vet technician acquaintance told us about a really sweet dog about to be euthanized .
Zoey had been abused , neglected , and left to die in the street after being run over by a car .
Despite her cruel beginning and months of physical rehab , she is the sweetest , happiest dog I ’ve ever known .
Check out the recent “ Meet Matador Pets ” article for an example .
Since adopting Zoey 18 months ago , I ’ve spent even more time researching the breed and connecting to other pit bull owners and rescue organizations .
I ’m saddened when pit bulls are associated solely with hardcore gangsta rap , Sarah Palin , and Michael Vick .
I cringe whenever someone uses the term “ pit bull ” as a descriptor for aggressive tenacity ; it ’s not only ignorant , but that bad word in writing : cliche .
Pit bulls in the news
Historically , the pit bull was championed as a family dog .
Petey from the Little Rascals was a pit bull and Helen Keller ’s dog was believed to be a pit bull .
Understand - a- bull.com keeps a list of heroic pit bull stories and Cesar Milan published a list of celebrity pit bulls .
Karen Delise , founder and director of research at the National Canine Research Council , has been researching fatal dog attacks for 20 years .
She obtained official documents and data from as far back as the 19th century and interviewed animal control officers , police , and medical examiners to complete two books on dog attacks and pit bulls , “ Fatal Dog Attacks : The Stories Behind the Statistics ” and “ The Pit Bull Placebo : The Media Myths and Politics of Canine Aggression ” .
According to Delise ’s results , the overwhelming majority of dog attacks were by dogs who were treated inhumanely and interacted negatively with humans .
There was no evidence of a particular breed or type of dog behind the majority of dog attacks .
There was no evidence of a particular breed or type of dog behind the majority of dog attacks .
In temperament tests conducted by the American Temperament Test Society , pit bulls received a passing rate of 82 % or better - compared to only 77 % of the general dog population .
Michael Vick ’s former dogs
Even pit bulls that have been fought are still not permanently aggressive .
After the football star Michael Vick pleaded guilty to conspiring to run a dog fighting operation , officials confiscated 50 pit bulls on his Virginia property .
The dogs had been chained to car axles .
The ones that did n’t fight were beaten , shot , hanged , electrocuted , and drowned .
Many people , including animal rights groups , called for the animals to be euthanized because of their alleged vicious nature .
Instead , U.S. District Judge Henry Hudson ordered each dog to be evaluated individually , not by breed stereotype , and required Vick to contribute one million dollars to the dogs ’ lifelong care .
Typical pit bull - Typical pit bull - coral11
Only one dog was found to be too aggressive to save and had to be euthanized .
Another was too injured to keep alive .
The other 48 dogs were placed in foster homes and animal sanctuaries , with a handful being adopted .
Despite their past , the dogs recovered from the torture .
According to a St. Petersburg Times article about Michael Vick ’s former dogs :
More than a year after being confiscated from Vick ’s property , Leo , a tan , muscular pit bull , visits cancer patients as a certified therapy dog in California .
Hector , who bears deep scars on his chest and legs , recently was adopted and is about to start training for national flying disc competitions in Minnesota .
Teddles takes orders from a 2 - year - old .
Gracie is a couch potato in Richmond , Virginia , who lives with cats and sleeps with four other dogs . ”
Breed Specific Legislation ( BSL )
Prejudice is n’t just affecting public perception .
Throughout the nation and world , breed specific legislation is building momentum in policy debates .
Breed specific legislation bans or restricts pit bulls and other “ aggressive ” breeds .
Denver , Colorado banned pit bulls in 2005 .
As of March 2009 , the city of Denver euthanized at least 1,667 pit bulls in gas chambers .
Pit bull owners had two choices when they enacted the ban : inhumanely euthanize their family dogs or send them away .
Denver is not the only place that ’s passed BSL .
Pit bull owners had two choices when they enacted the ban : inhumanely euthanize their family dogs or send them away .
Cities and regions across the US , Canada , and 14 other countries have banned , restricted or are considering breed specific legislation .
Air France , Continental Airlines , and British Airways also embargo pit bull type dogs on their flights due to safety concerns .
Reasons BSL does n’t work
The laws may originate out of concern for public safety , but BSL has n’t worked and does n’t work for six reasons
1 ) Dog attacks are n’t disproportionately pit bulls ; it only seems that way because of media portrayal .
2 ) The laws do n’t fix the real issue : encouraging responsible pet ownership and punishing abusive and irresponsible owners .
3 ) Banning pit bulls creates a black market of mis-bred and abused dogs .
Pit bull at the pound -
Pit bull at the pound - meagan
4 ) Defining breeds is problematic .
A dog can still be defined as a pit bull or other banned breed if they carry certain physical characteristics , even if the dog is a mixed breed .
The pit bull breed , for example , can encompass the American Pit Bull Terrier , American Staffordshire Terrier , dogs with mixes of these breeds , even the American Bulldog and Bull Terrier .
5 ) It ’s more expensive .
According to Prince George County ’s assessment of BSL , it costs $ 68,000 to confiscate and euthanize a single pit bull .
Gas chambers , like those in Denver , lessen the economic blow , but millions of dollars are still spent enforcing the ban .
Those dollars could be allocated to promoting responsible pet ownership , punishing abusive owners , and contributing to other important issues like education and health care .
6 ) 4 million dogs are euthanized per year in the United States .
With BSL , dogs are confiscated that actually have homes , adding to the number of dog deaths per year .
Outlawing and discriminating against pit bulls and other breeds is shallow and harmful .
Negative group think and propaganda is no reason to hold a prejudice based on race , gender , religion , nationality …or breed .
What you can do :
Support your local pit bull rescue through donating , fostering , and volunteering .
Adopt a pit bull if you believe the breed works for your lifestyle .
Follow these tips to see if BSL is being proposed in your area .
Write your congressman about the issue .
Visit these websites and blogs for more information :
Dog Politics , Stop BSL , Anti-BSL , Understand A Bull , Pitbull Lovers , Molosos y Terriers , KC Dog Blog
COMMUNITY CONNECTION :
How do you feel about BSL and pit bulls ?
What associations do you have with pit bulls ?
Are you considering bringing a dog into your family ?
Read “ So You Think You Want a Dog ? Four Questions to Ask Yourself Before Buying a Dog . ”
Washington ( CNN ) --
The Department of Homeland Security has more contractors working for it than full - time employees , a situation two members of Congress said Tuesday was " unacceptable , untenable and unsustainable . "
Sen. Joseph Lieberman , the chairman of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee , and ranking Republican Susan Collins said they were " astounded " to learn there are more than 200,000 contractor employees at the department .
The civilian work force of Homeland Security numbers 188,000 , according to an estimate provided to the senators by Homeland Security .
In a letter sent Tuesday to the agency 's Secretary Janet Napolitano , Lieberman and Collins said the figure " raises the question of whether DHS itself is in charge of its programs and policies , or whether it inappropriately has ceded core decisions to contractors . "
Although Lieberman , an independent from Connecticut , and Collins of Maine noted that contractors can offer a variety of needed assets and skills to federal agencies , they called the current balance between federal employees and contractors at Homeland Security " unacceptable , untenable and unsustainable , " according to the letter .
Napolitano is slated to appear before the Senate committee Wednesday and is expected to face questions on the subject .
The senators want a unit - by - unit breakdown of where in Homeland Security the contractors are working and have asked for assurances that contractors are not performing " inherently governmental work . "
Clark Stevens , a spokesman for Homeland Security , told CNN Tuesday that " Secretary Napolitano has been strongly committed to decreasing the department 's reliance on contractors and strengthening the federal work force " at Homeland Security .
" Over the past year , we have been actively converting contractor positions to government positions and will continue to build on these efforts at an even more aggressive pace this year .
We are working across the department to identify and make additional conversions as quickly as possible while sustaining the work force required to carry out our critical mission , " Stevens said .
From WikiFur , the furry encyclopedia .
/r/furry mascot by /u/HarmonyHeartstrings
/r/furry , also known as the furry subreddit or furry Reddit , is a user - created community ( known as a subreddit ) on the news aggregation , content rating , and discussion website Reddit that is dedicated to the discussion of relevant information and media regarding the furry fandom .
History [ edit ]
The subreddit was created in May 2008 by a user named Corbin Fox and as of October 2018 , over 61,000 users , also known as redditfurs , are subscribed to this subreddit .
Being a subreddit dedicated to the furry fandom , subscribers can share furry related artwork , stories , [ [ videos ] , and photography to one another that can be voted on .
Users are also able to start discussions about the fandom or ask questions to other subscribers .
Content [ edit ]
Community banner filled with artwork by various artists .
Furry related artwork , stories , and photography .
YouTube videos of furry - related content .
Funny pictures of furries and / or animals .
References to furries in the media .
Various questions / announcements to the furry community .
Current moderators [ edit ]
Past moderators [ edit ]
Gallery [ edit ]
Old Logo
Logo made by marshykip
Earlier version with hand - drawn " Reddit " used from around 2014 May 4 to around 2014 June 15 .
Part of the header of /r/ furry , starting on ( or before ) 2014 June 22 .
See also [ edit ]
James Meikle
London Guardian
Tuesday , February 2nd , 2010
England is a “ cesspit ” and breeding ground for fundamentalist Muslims , the Nobel laureate and political activist Wole Soyinka has said in an interview in which he also accused Britain of allowing the existence of “ indoctrination schools ” .
His extraordinary attack on what he views as Britain ’s part in fuelling Islamist terrorism was published on the US news and opinion website The Daily Beast .
It was coupled with his assertion that the 1989 fatwa issued by Ayatollah Khomeini against Salman Rushdie meant that the assumption of power over life and death had passed “ to every ­inconsequential Muslim in the world ” .
Soyinka , the first African to win the Nobel prize for literature in 1986 , made his claims in response to a question about his homeland of Nigeria being added to the watchlist of countries deemed to be incubating terrorists , after the failed attempts of Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab to bring an airliner down over the US on Christmas Day .
“ That was an irrational , knee - jerk reaction by the Americans , ” the writer said .
“ The man did not get radicalised in Nigeria .
It happened in England , where he went to university .
Full article here
“ When the people find they can vote themselves money , that will herald the end of the republic . ” – Fall Of The Republic – Buy the DVD here
This article was posted : Tuesday , February 2 , 2010 at 4:52 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Fox executives are scheming for Conan O'Brien 's big comeback .
They are kicking around Conan hosting a four - night - a- week show on Fox 's sister station FX .
A weekend version of the show would air on Fox .
Eventually , once network executives convince affiliates to carry him , Conan will return to late night against his original rival : NBC's Jay Leno .
Stephen Battaglio , the business editor for TV Guide Magazine ( subscription only ) , spoke with sources who told him the plan .
They say News Corp. chairman Rupert Murdoch will have a hard time resisting an attack on NBC's Tonight Show with the host they turned away .
Fox Broadcasting entertainment chairman Peter Rice would also get a boost for landing the deal .
" This could make him , " an insider told Battaglio .
" His fingerprints would be all over it . "
O'Brien and Fox are in talks but more " serious discussions are expected to happen over the next six weeks , " according to TV Tattle 's scan of the article .
Taking the time on FX would allow Fox to woo their affiliates .
Meanwhile , they would have to figure out what to do with Wanda Sykes , who has a late night show at the 11 p.m. timeslot on Fox .
Hey , Conan 's Facebook army , gather your troops .
Since Google wants to control all forms of communication , the logical next step is being not just what you do on the internet , but how you access the internet as well .
To do that , they 'll deploy 1 G bps fiber to you .
Advertisement
The company is going to test this super high speed internet to " a small number of trial locations across the United States , " and give somewhere between 50 k to 500 k people an amazingly fast pipe .
What 's the point of this ?
* Next generation apps :
We want to see what developers and users can do with ultra high - speeds , whether it 's creating new bandwidth - intensive " killer apps " and services , or other uses we can't yet imagine .
* New deployment techniques :
We 'll test new ways to build fiber networks , and to help inform and support deployments elsewhere , we 'll share key lessons learned with the world .
* Openness and choice :
We 'll operate an " open access " network , giving users the choice of multiple service providers .
And consistent with our past advocacy , we 'll manage our network in an open , non-discriminatory and transparent way .
Advertisement
We basically read that as bridging the gap between webapps and desktop apps by making the connection so fast that most people wo n't be able to tell the difference .
And , forcing other ISPs to upgrade their pipes to compete with Google , since they say it 's going to be released at " a competitive price " .
Think of it as the Nexus One of service providers .
Google is going to make an offering that 's better than other comparable devices / services in order to make everyone else play catch - up .
So , if you want my address , Google , to know where you need to deploy the test , you 've probably got it already .
Seriously man , I need this .
[ Google ]
The Chinese response to the decision of the United States to sell a $ 6.3 bn arms package to Taiwan represents a small but significant raising of the ante .
The Chinese have partially halted the military exchange programme between the two countries , only recently resumed following a suspension after the last such military package in 2008 .
This time the Chinese have also threatened to impose sanctions against the US firms involved in the deal .
This is causing serious disquiet among firms like Boeing and Lockheed Martin .
Taiwan , of course , is of special significance to the Chinese ; since 1949 the return of the island to China has been seen as an overriding priority .
Beijing regards Taiwan as an internal Chinese issue , and the US arms sales are ­therefore regarded as interference in China 's internal affairs and a violation of its sovereignty .
When the pro-independence DPP held office in Taiwan , China 's relations with the island were fraught ; but with the victory of the more ­moderate KMT , they have improved immeasurably and some kind of ­reconciliation between China and ­Taiwan is now conceivable .
This has made the Chinese more confident in their handling of the Taiwan issue .
But the underlying reason for the tougher Chinese response is the shift in the balance of power between China and the US , evident since the global financial crisis .
Beijing is in a stronger position , and this is finding expression in its ­attitude towards issues from climate change to a growing economic assertiveness .
It is unlikely the Chinese will overplay their hand – they are too cautious and too diplomatically shrewd – but we should expect them to be more prepared to flex their muscles .
Their reaction to the US arms package provides a subtle insight into this .
The US has been negotiating arms deals with Taiwan for several decades .
The Chinese have angrily protested at each and every one of them , albeit always aware there was little they could do to affect them .
But a rapid and palpable shift is taking place in the external context .
The US is feeling vulnerable , conscious for the first time that its power is on the wane , and painfully aware that China is now both its creditor and a nation on the rise .
The Chinese threat of sanctions against the companies involved in the deal is making aerospace executives nervous : it is estimated that China will order 3,770 aircraft between now and 2028 , the government centrally manages purchases , and Boeing in particular fears that it could seriously lose out to Airbus .
China 's economic power is making itself felt everywhere and in a myriad of ways – and this will grow exponentially in the future .
Even if the Obama administration decides to push through this deal – with or without minor changes – Beijing 's response will make any future administration more cautious about arms deals with Taiwan .
Meanwhile , this kind of spat with the US is likely to multiply as China 's power grows and its interests around the world mushroom .
When China was economically weak , its voice mattered on only a limited range of issues .
We have now entered a very different era : Beijing 's views on the global financial crisis , global financial architecture , climate change , Africa , Iran and the Greek debt crisis – to name but a few – are of critical importance .
As a result , conflicts and tensions with the US will become increasingly common and potentially more serious .
This does not mean that relations between the two countries will inevitably deteriorate , but they are certainly going to be subject to new kinds of pressure .
• This article was amended on 2 February 2010 at the writer 's request .
The original stated :
The issue is decades - old – the US has been supplying arms to Taiwan ever since it declared independence from China .
This now reads :
The US has been negotiating arms deals with Taiwan for several decades .
Now that Gap makes " boyfriend " jeans for babies , the whole " boyfriend " trend can seem heteronormative and lame .
But I still love wearing men's clothing — though I prefer to buy it for myself .
Advertisement
February Vogue devotes its Index ( pictured above ) to menswear , and offers this typically tone - deaf introduction :
We 've all had that moment of looking into a closet full of clothes and finding nothing to wear .
What to do ?
Nick something from the boyfriend's !
" Men 's clothes make women feel powerful and sexy — and leave a lot to the imagination , " says model Anja Rubik [...]
Advertisement
While I 'll admit that I like wearing my boyfriend 's shirts , I find " boyfriend " kind of gross as a descriptor for clothes .
It implies a ) that the wearer has a boyfriend , and b ) that she 's wearing his clothes as a way to be close to him ( which always seems kind of cutesy to me ) rather than as a sartorial statement in their own right .
For an illustration of the ridiculousness of slapping " boyfriend " in front of everything that has a menswear feel , see Rachel Maddow .
My affection for men's clothing has little to do with boyfriends , and everything to do with boobs .
Mine are kind of little .
When I was a teenager , my solution was to wear skin - tight shirts all the time , under the theory that this made them look bigger .
I 'm not sure it did , and as I got older , I got dissatisfied with the notion that fashion was supposed to camouflage flaws — to accentuate , hide , lengthen , or slim .
I wanted to look cool — which was possible — rather than busty — which basically was n't .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
At the same time , I was getting pretty annoyed with large swathes of women 's clothing .
Do n't get me wrong —
I still wear a lot of dresses , and the vast majority of my wardrobe comes from the women 's department .
But like many , many women , I 've found that certain items , sans alterations , are pretty much guaranteed not to work on my frame .
Bust darts are the bane of my existence : they stick out several inches from my actual breasts , or they appear mysteriously above or below , like randomly - placed slashes .
Women 's blazers also often pose a problem — fitted ones are often too roomy in the chest , making them look ill - fitting and messy on me .
And even when they do fit properly , I often find " menswear - inspired " women 's pieces fussy in a way I do n't like .
To remedy this , I actually started stealing my brother 's clothing years ago , but when that particular well of generosity ran dry ( he may still be mad that I cut a boatneck out of his Cardinals shirt ) , I bought myself my very own copy of his go - to high school suit .
I do n't need men's clothing — or boys ' , in this case — to make me feel powerful or sexy , but I do like the feeling that I 'm dressing like Frida Kahlo .
More than that , I enjoy wearing what I like , rather than what will most effectively shove my boobs forward .
My suit represents a new high of confidence and body acceptance , and I 'm glad that I no longer have to borrow clothes from my brother or my boyfriend — though maybe if they 're lucky , they can borrow from me .
Advertisement
Most Wanted [ Vogue ]
Second place went to a pair of fuzzy caterpillars .
— –
I got wrapped up in a web of international intrigue and a ransom attempt gone wrong with Sanjay from Cowbirds In Love , Justin from Left - Handed Toons , and our friends from Chain Bear , the end result of which was this comic that Sanjay made .
I think it is quite excellent !
We should try to extort that guy more often .
- Alex
A researcher has unearthed a bug in software used to install Adobe 's ubiquitous Reader and Flash applications that can be exploited to remotely install malicious files on end user PCs .
The Adobe Download Manager is an ActiveX script that is invoked when people install or update Reader or Flash using Internet Explorer .
Researcher Aviv Raff has figured out how to exploit it to install any file he wishes simply by tricking a user into clicking on a link on the Adobe.com domain .
The attack combines a vulnerability on Adobe 's website with a defect in the download manager .
The result : he was able to install and execute his own instance of the Windows calculator on a Register test machine .
Aviv demonstrated the exploit on the condition further technical details be withheld .
" Instead of admitting that this design flaw is indeed a problem which can be abused by malicious attackers , Adobe decided to downplay this issue , " Raff wrote here in disclosing the vulnerability .
He was referring to unpublished comments an Adobe spokeswoman made to Zero Day blogger Ryan Naraine .
In part , the comments said the download manager " is designed to remove itself from the computer after use at the next restart , " " can only be used to download the latest version of software hosted on Adobe.com , " and " presents a very large user dialog box when downloading software . "
But because the download manager remains on a machine until it is rebooted , attackers have ample opportunity to exploit the bug .
Assuming the typical machine is restarted once every 24 to 72 hours , attacks have a reasonable chance of success as long as they are launched within the first one to three days of a recent update .
( We 're guessing a fair percentage of people would be unfazed by the dialog box ) .
And once that happens , attackers have the ability to remotely install malicious code on an untold millions of PCs , as the following screenshots suggest .
In an email to El Reg in response to Raff 's post , Adobe spokeswoman Wiebke Lips wrote : " Adobe is aware of the recently posted report of a remote code execution vulnerability in the Adobe Download Manager .
We are working with the researcher , Aviv Raff , and the third party vendor of this component to investigate and resolve the issue as quickly as possible . "
Updates will be posted on Adobe 's PSIRT blog , she added .
As we suggested recently , the myriad bugs that over the past few years have routinely imperiled the entire internet have made Adobe the Toyota of the software industry .
Company security personnel seem intent of correcting the problems , but the only way for that to happen is to launch a comprehensive initiative that makes a top - to - bottom review of the company 's entire code base .
Adobe Download Manager would be as good a place as any to start . ®
They ’re giving away these odd looking glasses at the Rotterdam Zoo to prevent eye - contact with the animals .
Some animals , such as gorillas could respond aggressively if someone were to make eye - contact with them .
[ via BuzzFeed ]
Right - wing host claims ‘ there is no war on right now , ’ even as Marines dodge snipers in Afghan city of Marjah
According to the U.S. government , 405,399 Americans were casualties during the second world war , a conflict that claimed over 50 million lives all around the globe .
But that ’s nothing , apparently .
According to right - wing talk show host Rush Limbaugh , the United States has already suffered a much more devastating blow at the hands of President Obama , just one year into his presidency .
ADVERTISEMENT
Happy Presidents ’ Day ?
During is Feb. 15 broadcast , the man commonly credited as the strongest voice in the Republican party spun his reality - bending spiel after suggesting that big - box retail chain Walmart lobbies Washington lawmakers to keep Obama from “ nationalizing ” them — a statement that , if not a joke , can only be characterized as transparently false .
“ The last time this happened was World War II , ” Limbaugh said .
“ But that was because there was a war on and it made sense .
But there ’s no war on right now , other than the Taliban wing of the Republican party and its war against Obama and the Democrats . ”
Even as he declared “ there ’s no war on right now , ” American and NATO troops waged a house - to - house campaign in the Afghan city of Marjah .
In the month of January alone , 32 U.S. soldiers died from wounds inflicted by improvised explosive devices in Afghanistan , amid a dramatic spike in violence .
A total of 317 U.S. soldiers died prosecuting the war in 2009 ; at time of this writing , another 43 had already been felled so far in 2010 , according to iCasualties.org .
In Iraq , while violence is down from years past , 4,376 American soldiers have been killed since President George W. Bush launched the war in 2003 .
Of Republicans ’ conflict with President Obama , Rush said , “ but that ’s hardly World War II , ” then paused .
“ Although … ” he began .
“ Well , wait a minute .
Country is under assault , moreso than we were during World War II , other than the Japanese .
But the Germans never attacked us , the Japanese did . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
With Limbaugh ’s estimated audience of 14 - 25 million , the odds are good that many of his listeners have family members committed to both ongoing conflicts .
Chances are any World War II veterans listening may have taken exception as well .
It is not the first time Limbaugh has employed wildly exaggerated World War II analogies to attack his countrymen .
In August he began comparing Democrats to Nazis amid the health reform debate , suggesting that President Obama ’s supporters are “ brownshirts . ”
His Web site also placed the Nazi party insignia next to President Obama ’s health care logo , in an effort to make a connection where there is none .
“ Rush Limbaugh ’s comparison of the Democratic Party to the Nazi Party in World War II is as disgusting as it is shocking , ” DCCC spokeswoman Jennifer Crider told media , in a statement .
“ Limbaugh ’s use of the Nazi swastika in attempting to make a tasteless political comparison has no place in the public discourse . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This audio from The Rush Limbaugh Show was captured by watchdog group Media Matters , broadcast Feb. 15 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
( Correction : Article originally mistakenly confused deaths with US casualties in WW2 )
Egypt has 15 million internet users
Egypt will open the world 's first Arabic language internet domain , its communications minister has said .
Tarek Kamel said the new domain name would be " .masr " written in the Arabic alphabet .
It translates as " . Egypt " .
" It is a great moment for us ...
The internet now speaks Arabic , " Mr Kamel said .
Last month , internet regulator Icann voted to allow non-Latin web addresses .
Domain names can now be written in Arabic , Chinese and other scripts .
Mr Kamel , who was speaking at the start of the Internet Governance Forum ( IGF ) being held in the Egyptian resort of Sharm el - Sheikh , said a formal announcement would be made on Monday .
It makes me proud to see my country 's name on the internet
Ahmed Omar Koriem , Cairo
Read your emails
Registration for addresses with the .masr ending would begin at midnight ( 2200 GMT ) , he said .
' Astonishing '
He said the new domain would " offer new avenues for innovation , investment and growth " in the Arabic - speaking world .
Egypt currently has 15 million internet users out of a total population of 80 million .
But international rights groups have warned of heavy government censorship inside the country , with several bloggers and political dissidents being arrested for " security reasons " .
On Sunday the Reporters Without Borders group criticised the choice of Egypt as venue for the IGF , saying it was " astonishing " that a government openly hostile to internet users had been assigned its organisation .
The forum , set up by the UN , is being attended by more than 1,000 participants including government ministers , businesspeople and net luminaries .
" It will be industry that gets its gas switched off first , " Mr Nicholson said .
" Just imagine going through the winter we 're having now when energy demand has gone back up to pre-recession levels , we 're more reliant on wind and 60 pc of supply comes from gas compared with 40 pc now .
For the first time we show that in free - living conditions , CR results in a metabolic adaptation and a behavioral adaptation with decreased physical activity levels .
These data also suggest potential mechanisms by which CR causes large inter-individual variability in the rates of weight loss and how exercise may influence weight loss and weight loss maintenance .
Forty - eight ( 36.8±1.0 y ) , overweight ( BMI 27.8±0.7 kg/m 2 ) participants were randomized to four groups for 6 - months ; Control : energy intake at 100 % of energy requirements ; CR : 25 % calorie restriction ; CR+EX : 12.5 % CR plus 12.5 % increase in energy expenditure by structured exercise ; LCD : low calorie diet ( 890 kcal / d ) until 15 % weight reduction followed by weight maintenance .
Body composition ( DXA ) and total daily energy expenditure ( TDEE ) over 14 - days by doubly labeled water ( DLW ) and activity related energy activity ( AREE ) were measured after 3 ( M3 ) and 6 ( M6 ) months of intervention .
Weight changes at M6 were − 1.0 ±1.1 % ( Control ) , − 10.4±0.9 % ( CR ) , − 10.0±0.8 % ( CR+EX ) and − 13.9±0.8 % ( LCD ) .
At M3 , absolute TDEE was significantly reduced in CR ( −454±76 kcal /d ) and LCD ( −633±66 kcal /d ) but not in CR +EX or controls .
At M6 the reduction in TDEE remained lower than baseline in CR ( −316±118 kcal /d ) and LCD ( −389±124 kcal /d ) but reached significance only when CR and LCD were combined ( −351±83 kcal / d ) .
In response to caloric restriction ( CR / LCD combined ) , TDEE adjusted for body composition , was significantly lower by − 431±51 and − 240±83 kcal / d at M3 and M6 , respectively , indicating a metabolic adaptation .
Likewise , physical activity ( TDEE adjusted for sleeping metabolic rate ) was significantly reduced from baseline at both time points .
For control and CR+EX , adjusted TDEE ( body composition or sleeping metabolic rate ) was not changed at either M3 or M6 .
Combining the doubly labeled water method and indirect calorimetry allows us to disentangle sedentary metabolic adaptation from behavioral responses in physical activity .
The objective of the current study therefore was to determine if CR induces a reduction in free - living energy expenditure that is larger than what can be explained by changes in body weight and body composition ( i.e. metabolic adaptation ) .
Furthermore we wished to examine whether CR induced a change in energy expended in physical activity [ 6 ] .
As a secondary analysis we determined if metabolic adaptation occurred only during weight loss or if it persisted after the lower body mass reached stability .
We hypothesized that similar to sedentary energy expenditure , total daily energy expenditure would be reduced by CR partly due to metabolic adaptation and partly due to decreased physical activity .
Such metabolic and behavioral adaptation can explain the variability in the rates of weight loss even in well controlled studies as well as the propensity of relapse after weight loss .
Essential to the study of the changes in energy expenditure with CR is an objective assessment of physical activity .
Not only is the contribution of physical activity to daily energy expenditure quite variable , it is also likely that in an attempt to conserve energy during CR , individuals volitionally or non-volitionally decrease their level of physical activity [ 8 ] .
In our study of 25 % CR in overweight humans , we observed no change in spontaneous physical activity in a respiratory chamber [ 7 ] consistent with earlier reports of no alterations in spontaneous physical activity [ 9 ] or posture allocation in obese individuals following weight loss [ 10 ] .
These findings are not surprising if the current hypothesis that spontaneous physical activity is biologically determined and not altered by perturbations in body weight , is true [ 2 ] , [ 10 ] .
Caloric restriction ( CR ) is the most robust non-pharmacological intervention known to increase maximum lifespan .
One of the most popular proposed theories by which CR promotes lifespan extension is the rate of living theory [ 4 ] .
We hypothesized that caloric restriction will reduce energy metabolism in excess of the loss of metabolic mass ( metabolic adaption ) and therefore will reduce oxidative damage to tissues and organs by lowering the production rates of reactive oxygen species [ 5 ] .
CR is indeed associated with robust decreases in energy metabolism , including a lowering of resting metabolic rate ( or sleeping metabolic rate ) , reduced thermic effect of meals and a decrease in the energy cost and / or the level of physical activity .
However , it is debated whether or not the decrease in total energy expenditure is proportional ( or larger ; metabolic adaptation ) to the loss of metabolic tissues ( fat - free and fat mass : FFM and FM ) .
Furthermore , it is not clear if the metabolic adaptation persists once a new stable body weight is reached .
Previously we reported that both 24 - hour sedentary energy expenditure and sleeping metabolic rate measured in a respiratory chamber were reduced ∼ 6 % beyond what was expected for the loss of metabolic mass ( FFM and FM ) [ 6 ] .
This metabolic adaptation was also observed in RMR measured by a ventilated hood indirect calorimeter [ 7 ] .
A portion of the reduction in sedentary energy expenditure was due to the reduced energy intake itself ( thermic effect of food ) , and a reduction in the energy cost of spontaneous physical activity .
The majority however , was due to the decline in the size of the metabolizing mass and a lowering of the rate of metabolism per mass unit of tissues and organs .
Daily energy expenditure has three major components : resting metabolic rate , the thermic effect of food and the energy cost of physical activity .
Respiratory chambers enable the measurement of sleeping metabolic rate , the energy cost of arousal , the thermic effect of food and the energy cost of spontaneous physical activity [ 1 ] .
However the confined space within a respiratory chamber compromises the level of habitual and / or voluntary physical activity .
Activity thermogenesis is the most variable component of daily energy expenditure and includes energy expended during both voluntary physical activity and all other non-exercise activities [ 2 ] .
The latter , recently termed NEAT ( non-exercise activity thermogenesis ) includes the energy cost of sitting , fidgeting , maintaining posture , muscle tone and leisure activities such as playing guitar and shopping etc [ 3 ] .
Data in the text and tables are provided as means ±SE .
SAS Version 9.12 ( SAS Institute , Cary , NC ) was used for analysis .
The change in variables from baseline to M3 and M6 and M3 and M6 were analyzed by repeated measures with treatment and time interactions and baseline values included as covariates .
Five groups were used in the analysis including the 4 study intervention groups ( CR , CR+EX , LCD and Control ) and a group combining both CR and LCD ( n = 23 ) .
To control for type I error , statistical significance for all multiple comparisons was adjusted using the Tukey - Kramer method .
Multiple linear regression models at baseline ( n = 48 ) were used to generate equations for predicting TDEE .
Using the latter equation , predicted values for TDEE were generated at M3 and M6 using the equation with the actual measured FFM and FM , or actual weight or SMR .
The partial coefficients for each model are reported and the differences between the measured and predicted TDEE values were calculated and analyzed using ANOVA .
P< 0.05 was considered statistically significant .
Psychological testing included an assessment of health related quality of life .
The Medical Outcomes Study Short - Form 36 Health Survey ( SF - 36 ) is a self - administered 36 - item questionnaire that measures health related quality of life .
The validity and reliability of the SF - 36 have been established [ 12 ] , [ 13 ] .
In the present study , the SF - 36 was used to measure vitality ( VT ) and physical functioning ( PF ) .
Participants ' raw scores were converted into scale scores ranging from 0 to 100 , with higher scores representing better QOL or higher levels of functioning .
Physical activity was estimated from daily energy expenditure by doubly labeled water and sleeping metabolic rate using two different calculations .
First the physical activity level ( PAL ) was calculated by the widely accepted method of dividing TDEE by SMR ( PAL = TDEE / SMR ) .
Because of the inherent problem of using ratios when the two variables have an intercept not equal to zero [ 18 ] , we also expressed physical activity as the residual value of the regression between measured TDEE and measured SMR [ 19 ] .
This value we termed Activity Related Energy Expenditure ( AREE ) , is positive for subjects with higher physical activity than average and negative for subjects with lower physical activity than average independent of metabolic body size .
Because AREE is adjusted for metabolic body size ( SMR ) , this value is directly proportional to the amount of physical activity .
Sedentary EE ( 24h - EE ) was measured over 23 hours in a whole room indirect calorimeter as previously described [ 6 ] , [ 17 ] .
In keeping with the assigned interventions , at M3 and M6 controls were fed the same number of calories on their return visits to the metabolic chamber whereas CR subjects were fed 25 % less and CR +EX subjects 12.5 % less than measured baseline 24h - EE .
At M3 , LCD participants were fed so that energy intake was tightly matched to measured energy expenditure and provided the same meals at M6 .
Sleeping metabolic rate ( SMR ) was calculated between 02:00 – 05:00 am , when no motion was detected .
Metabolic weight was determined by the mean of two consecutive measurements obtained in the morning following a 12 h fast and morning void and corrected for the weight of a hospital gown .
Whole body percent body fat was measured using DXA ( Hologics QDR 4500A , Bedford , MA ) and FM and FFM were calculated from the percent body fat and the metabolic body weight .
Besides the two baseline measurements , total daily energy expenditure ( TDEE ) was measured by 14 - day doubly labeled water during weeks 10 – 12 ( M3 ) and 22 – 24 ( M6 ) of the intervention .
Briefly , subjects provided two urine samples before being dosed with labeled water ( 2.0 g of 10 % enriched H 2 18 O and 0.12 g of 99.9 % enriched 2 H 2 O per kg of estimated total body water from DXA ) and 2 samples at 4.5 and 6h after dosing .
Urine samples collected at 1.5 and 3 hours were discarded .
On days 7 and 14 after dosing , subjects provided two additional timed urine samples .
Each sample was analyzed for 18 O and 2 H abundance by isotope ratio mass spectrometry [ 7 ] .
The isotopic enrichments of the post - dose urines compared with the pre-dose samples were used to calculate elimination rates ( k H and k O ) using linear regression and initial isotope dilution spaces were calculated by extrapolation to time 0 . CO 2 production rate ( rCO 2 ) was calculated using the equations of Schoeller et al . [ 14 ] as modified by Racette et al [ 15 ] .
Total energy expenditure was calculated by multiplying rCO 2 by the energy equivalent of CO 2 for an RQ of 0.860 at B1 corresponding to 30 % fat ; 55 % CHO and 15 % protein while for B2 the energy equivalent of CO 2 was based on the calculated food quotient of the diet ( FQ = 0.882 ) .
For months 3 and 6 , during the intervention when weight loss was observed , energy expenditure was calculated from rCO2 by using a metabolic fuel quotient derived from food intake , changes in body energy stores and conventional calorimetric relations corrected for the changes in fat mass ( FM ) and fat free mass ( FFM ) as previously described [ 11 ] , [ 16 ] .
Participants in CR , LCD and Control groups were required to continue their usual pattern of physical activity while participants in CR+EX increased their energy expenditure by 12.5 % above baseline through structured aerobic exercise , 5 days per week .
At least three of the five weekly exercise sessions were performed under supervision at the exercise facility of our center and heart rate monitor data was reviewed for compliance for all session conducted outside the center .
The exercise program was implemented gradually and by week 6 all participants were expending the required 12.5 % of baseline energy expenditure .
Exercise energy expenditure was initially determined by indirect calorimetry and thereafter HR was used to assess compliance during all exercise sessions .
The target energy cost was maintained at 403±63 kcal per session for women and 569±118 kcal per session for men throughout the entire intervention resulting in average exercise durations of 53±11 and 45 ±14 min per session for women and men , respectively .
During weeks 1 –12 and 22 – 24 of the intervention , participants were provided with all meals prepared by the metabolic kitchen at the Center and based on individual energy intake targets .
On weekdays , breakfast and dinner were eaten at the center .
All lunches , snacks and weekend meals were packaged for take - out .
During weeks 13 – 22 participants self - selected a diet based on their individual targets .
The diet composition was based on the AHA guidelines , 30 % calories from fat , 15 % from protein and 55 % from carbohydrate .
During the self - selected feeding , compliance to the prescribed dietary intervention was monitored from self - reported food records and changes in body weight which were reviewed weekly during behavioral group or individual sessions .
During these weekly meetings , participants learned cognitive - behavioral techniques on how to adhere to their meal and exercise plans .
The energy intake required for weight maintenance during baseline and the subsequent energy deficit prescribed to achieve the desired caloric restriction were calculated from 4 - week data including two 14 - day periods by doubly labeled water ( DLW ) .
During the first DLW study ( B1 ) participants followed their usual diet at home .
During the second DLW study ( B2 ) , participants were provided with a weight maintenance diet .
During B2 , subjects were weighed every morning and changes in body weight were obtained by regression analysis every 3 days over the 2 week period and energy intake was adjusted as needed to maintain a stable body weight ( < ±250 g ) .
Values from the animal literature for tissue gain or loss were used to assign energy values to weight changes as previously described [ 11 ] and adjustments were made to determine energy intake for weight maintenance .
Individual energy requirements were then calculated as the average of total daily energy expenditure ( TDEE ) during B1 and the final energy intake for weight maintenance ( after adjustments ) during B2 .
In brief , participants were randomized into one of four groups for 24 weeks : control = healthy weight maintenance based on an American Heart Association ( AHA ) Step 1 diet , CR = 25 % caloric restriction from baseline energy requirements , CR+EX = 12.5 % caloric restriction and 12.5 % increase in energy expenditure through structured aerobic exercise and LCD = low calorie diet ( 890 kcal /d ) to achieve a 15 % reduction in body mass followed by weight maintenance ( Figure 2 ) .
The group assignment was stratified to ensure equal distributions of sex and BMI in the four groups .
All physiological and psychological testing was conducted at baseline and at the end of weeks 12 ( M3 ) and 24 ( M6 ) over a 5 - day stay in the institutional inpatient unit .
Where possible study personnel were blinded to the treatment assignment of the subjects .
Of the 599 individuals screened for the study , 551 were excluded ( 460 were ineligible ; 91 withdrew during screening ) ( Figure 1 ) .
Forty - eight healthy , overweight ( 25 ≥ BMI < 30 ) men ( 25 –50 y ) and women ( 25 –45 y ) were enrolled in the study .
The physical characteristics of the participants during weight maintenance at baseline are summarized in Table 1 .
Participants were excluded if they smoked , exercised more than twice a week , were pregnant , lactating or post - menopausal , had a history of obesity ( BMI > 32 ) , diabetes , cardiovascular disease , eating disorders , psychological disorders , substance abuse or regularly used medications except for birth control .
Details of the screening process and study population have been previously described [ 6 ] .
This study was conducted according to the principles expressed in the declaration of Helsinki .
The study was approved by the Pennington Biomedical Research Center IRB and the Data Safety Monitoring Board of CALERIE .
All participants provided written informed consent for the collection of samples and subsequent analysis .
The protocol for this trial and supporting CONSORT checklist are available as supporting information ; see Checklist S1 and Protocol S1 .
According to the SF - 36 survey , all treatment groups , but not the control group , reported improvement in physical functioning with the intervention .
For CR , physical functioning was significantly improved from baseline ( p<0.05 for all ) at M3 ( 4±4 % ) and M6 ( 18±12 % ) , whereas for CR+EX ( 3±1 % ) and LCD ( 1±1 % ) there was only a slight improvement at M6 .
The CR and LCD groups had significantly improved physical functioning compared to the control group at M3 ( p< 0.04 ) and M6 ( p<0.04 ) , and the CR+EX group had significantly improved physical functioning compared to control at M6 ( p = 0.02 ) .
Vitality was not different from baseline in any treatment group and either time point .
We next adjusted TDEE for sedentary energy expenditure measured in a respiratory chamber ( 24h - EE ) or for SMR .
This adjustment allows us to disentangle the effect of physical activity from the effect of sedentary metabolism in response to CR .
With both CR and LCD combined ( CR / LCD , n = 23 ) TDEE adjusted for SMR and expressed as “ residuals ” ( termed AREE , Figure 3 ) was significantly decreased ( and different from controls ) at both M3 ( −420±60 kcal /d ) and M6 ( −228±93 kcal / d ) .
No changes from baseline were observed in CR+EX or Control .
This indicates a metabolic adaptation unrelated to sedentary energy expenditure and therefore resulting from decreased habitual or voluntary physical activity .
When analyzed independently ( Figure 3 ) , after adjustment for SMR , TDEE ( AREE ) was significantly lower than TDEE predicted in CR ( −350±76 kcal /d ) and LCD ( −497±90 kcal /d ) at M3 but not at M6 ( CR : −215±136 , LCD : −241±135 kcal/d , NS ) .
Consistently , there was a significant reduction in PAL ( TDEE / SMR ) at M3 in response to CR ( CR / LCD combined ) .
PAL and AREE were significantly lower at M3 than at baseline in LCD and CR but not in CR +EX or control .
The reduction in PAL was no longer evident with further weight loss at M6 in CR or weight loss maintenance in LCD .
To determine if there was a metabolic adaptation to the CR intervention at M3 and M6 we compared the actual TDEE measured by DLW at each time point with the TDEE predicted from FFM and FM derived from the prediction equations generated at baseline and presented above .
After adjustment for body composition ( FFM and FM , Table 2 ) no metabolic adaptation was observed in control or CR+EX .
With caloric restriction ( CR / LCD combined ) , measured TDEE was significantly lower than TDEE predicted from body composition at M3 and M6 .
Furthermore , these “ residuals ” representing a metabolic adaptation were significantly lower than those in the control and CR +EX groups at both time points .
Analyzed separately , however , actual TDEE was significantly lower than predicted values only at M3 ( CR : −371±75 ; LCD : − 496±68 , kcal / d ) .
At M6 , the differential between the observed and predicted values for TDEE remained negative however did not reach statistical significance for either group ( Table 2 ) .
Similar results were obtained when TDEE values were adjusted for weight loss instead of FFM and FM losses .
TDEE was not significantly changed in control subjects or in subjects assigned to CR+EX at M3 and M6 ( Table 2 ) .
TDEE was lower during weight loss ( Table 2 ) with 25 %CR and during both the active weight loss phase ( M3 ) and tended to be lower at weight loss maintenance ( M6 ) in the LCD group ( p = 0.07 ) .
For CR and LCD , TDEE at M6 ( CR : −316±118 ; LCD : − 389±124 , kcal/d ) was increased from M3 but still significantly lower than the baseline values and different from the control group .
There was no difference in the change in TDEE from baseline at M3 and M6 in either CR or LCD .
At M3 , body weight , FM and FFM were reduced from baseline in all three intervention groups and remained stable in the control group .
By design , body weight and composition were stabilized in the LCD group between M3 and M6 , while both continued to decrease in CR and CR+EX ( Figure 2 ) .
At the completion of the 24 - week study , body weight was reduced by 0.8±0.8 ( −1.0±1.1 % ) , 8.3±0.8 ( −10.4±0.9 % ) , 8.4±0.8 ( −10.0±0.8 % ) and 11.2±0.6 kg ( −13.9±0.8 % ) in control , CR , CR+EX and LCD , respectively ( Figure 2B ) .
Discussion
In response to caloric restriction there is an abrupt change from a state of energy balance ( weight maintenance ) to a negative imbalance , which eventually will reach a new equilibrium at a lower body mass when the decline in energy expenditure is maintained at a level equivalent to the energy intake .
Whether the decline in energy expenditure is equal or larger , than the reduction in metabolic mass is still debated .
Several reports suggest that despite weight stability , the reduction in energy expenditure can be lower than one would expect for the new metabolic weight and composition [ 20 ] – [ 23 ] .
This ‘ physiological adaptation ’ is postulated to be an integral factor contributing to protection against excessive weight loss during caloric restriction and importantly predisposing to weight regain in post - obese individuals [ 21 ] .
It is unclear if only some or all , of the components of daily energy expenditure contribute to the disproportionate decline or ‘ adaptation ’ in energy expenditure in response to caloric restriction .
Additionally the role of exercise on the metabolic adjustments to CR interventions is not known .
Recently we reported a reduction in sedentary energy expenditure ( 24h - energy expenditure ; 24h - EE ) with 25 % CR that was 6 % lower than the change expected for the loss of metabolic tissues [ 6 ] .
Now for the first time , we objectively characterized the response in all the components of daily energy expenditure to caloric restriction by combining doubly labeled water and indirect calorimetry ( Figure 4 ) .
In response to caloric restriction ( CR / LCD ) we observed a true metabolic adaptation at months 3 and 6 of the intervention .
To exclude the contribution of sedentary energy expenditure ( the largest component of daily energy expenditure ) , we adjusted TDEE for sedentary energy expenditure ( 24h - EE and SMR ) and observed that measured TDEE was significantly less than predicted at both month 3 and month 6 of CR .
Interestingly no metabolic adaptation was observed in CR+EX .
Together , this data indicates that TDEE is reduced with caloric restriction and is likely the result of a metabolic adaptation in the sedentary state accompanied by a reduction in activity - related energy expenditure and reduced levels of physical activity ( Figure 3 ) .
Therefore , this study supports a ‘ metabolic adaptation ’ in response to weight loss in humans and demonstrates for the first time a reduction in all components of daily energy expenditure with dietary - induced weight loss , including the level physical activity .
Importantly , CR in combination with exercise ( CR+EX ) did not result in metabolic adaptation while inducing similar changes in body composition as with CR alone .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 4 .
The effect of caloric restriction ( CR , n = 12 ) on all components of daily energy expenditure ( Top Panel ) .
Total daily energy expenditure ( TDEE ) is measured by doubly labeled water over a 2 - week period whereas sedentary 24-h energy expenditure ( 24h - EE ) is measured in a respiratory chamber .
Spontaneous physical activity was calculated as previously reported [ 7 ] whereas the thermic effect of food ( TEF ) was calculated in the chamber as per Tataranni et al [ 38 ] and the same percentage of energy intake ( 9 – 12 % across subjects ) was assumed to assess the extra TEF in free living conditions .
The changes in total daily energy expenditure after 3 and 6 months of CR ( Bottom Panel ) are shown and those representing a metabolic adaptation ( larger than due to weight loss ) are highlighted in grey .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0004377.g004
The concept of an adaptation in metabolic rate in response to caloric restriction ( defined as reduction in energy expenditure that is more than would be expected on the basis of the loss of metabolic mass ) was proposed by Keys et al in the 1950 's [ 8 ] .
In this pioneering investigation where 32 lean men were fed only 50 % of the required energy intake for 24 weeks , basal oxygen consumption was decreased by 31 % , 19 % and 16 % after adjusting for the loss of body surface area , body weight and “ active tissue ” , respectively .
Behaviorally , a response to the semi starvation was also a tremendous decrease in physical activity .
It was estimated that reduced physical activity accounted for 58 % of the decreased total energy expenditure whereas RMR accounted for 32 % and the thermic effect of food for only 10 % [ 24 ] .
Studies in obese individuals have also reported a metabolic adaptation ( measured by RMR adjusted for body composition ) with weight loss [ 25 ] – [ 27 ] .
Furthermore , in other landmark studies , a 10 % weight loss in lean subjects [ 21 ] resulted in a 10 – 15 % lower energy requirement for weight maintenance even after adjustment for fat - free mass [ 21 ] , [ 23 ] .
These adaptations in metabolic rate could be explained by an improved metabolic efficiency of the skeletal muscle or as also postulated , due to a reduction in physical activity with weight loss [ 28 ] .
The energy cost of physical activity is proportional to body weight .
Therefore , this component of energy expenditure decreases with weight loss even in the absence of a reduction in physical activity .
A decrease in spontaneous physical activity has been reported in some [ 29 ] but not all weight loss studies [ 9 ] , [ 10 ] , [ 21 ] including our own caloric restriction study [ 7 ] .
With regard to free - living energy expenditure , two studies of CR in non -obese humans suggest that after accounting for changes in body energy stores , a reduction in TDEE was partly due to lower levels of physical activity ( PAL ) or improved energy efficiency of physical activity at the new body weight and body composition [ 30 ] , [ 31 ] .
Our data supports the concept that in addition to the metabolic adaptation , reduced energy expenditure with CR is also due in part to lower physical activity level , i.e. a “ behavioral adaptation ” .
Consistent with our study of CR , male rhesus monkeys undergoing 30 % CR had reduced physical activity in comparison to control animals after 1 year of CR [ 32 ] .
Despite the observed decline in physical activity , self - assessed physical functioning by the quality of life measure ( SF - 36 ) was significantly improved in the CR group at month 3 and in all intervention groups at month 6 .
Physical functioning has been shown to be related to physical activity level [ 33 ] therefore the observed reduction in physical activity in response to CR maybe an unconscious phenomenon used by individuals to conserve energy during energy deficit .
Interestingly , despite similar body mass and composition changes , CR in conjunction with exercise ( CR+EX ) did not result in a metabolic adaptation .
If weight relapse does occur in part as a result of a reduced metabolic rate in the weight reduced state , then perhaps the combination of CR and exercise may be the best choice of intervention to prevent weight regain in overweight and obese individuals .
Certainly , more than 20 years ago , Pavlou observed that exercise during a CR - induced weight loss program was essential for success of weight loss maintenance [ 34 ] .
Since then others have shown with doubly labeled water studies that weight stability following weight loss is sustained by higher levels of activity related energy expenditure and free - living physical activity [ 35 ] , [ 36 ] .
To our knowledge no studies have prospectively studied the energetic adjustments of CR only versus CR in conjunction with exercise during weight loss and weight loss maintenance .
Whether or not an individual responds to weight loss with a metabolic adaptation has long - term importance for weight maintenance because there is recent data indicating that the metabolic adjustments occurring as a result of CR and weight loss are maintained for up to 6 years following the weight loss [ 22 ] .
As an alternative hypothesis it would be reasonable to assume two metabolic phases occur in response to CR ; an ‘ adaptive phase ’ when energy expenditure is adjusting to compensate for the reduced availability of energy sources , followed by a ‘ maintenance phase ’ when energy balance has been re-established and the metabolic and behavioral compensations are therefore complete [ 37 ] .
The individual group data for CR and LCD in our study may support this viewpoint since we observed a metabolic adaptation early ( M3 ) but a return towards baseline values after an additional 3 months ( M6 ) of weight loss ( CR ) or weight stability ( LCD ) .
We could also conclude that failure to detect a statistically significant adaptation at month 6 however , may be due to limitations in sample size .
Considering our sample size of 12 in CR , and the observed mean change in TDEE at 6 months ( CR group ) adjusted for changes in FFM and FM ( −209±114 kcal /d ) , we would have required 22 volunteers to detect a significant change from baseline with 80 % power .
This is probably why we did observe a significant metabolic adaptation at both 3 and 6 months of intervention when combining the CR and LCD groups .
In this study , we combined two state of the art methods ( indirect calorimetry and doubly labeled water ) for quantifying precisely the complete energy expenditure response to caloric restriction in non-obese individuals .
We identified reduction in sedentary energy expenditure that was 6 % larger than what could be accounted for by the loss in metabolic size [ 6 ] , i.e. a ‘ metabolic adaptation ’ .
This report provides further evidence that a metabolic adaptation in response to CR can be found in the free - living situation as well .
This adaptation comprises not only a reduction in cellular respiration ( energy cost of maintaining cells , organs and tissue alive ) but also a decrease in free - living activity thermogenesis .
These observations are of importance to understand the progressive resistance to weight loss seen in so many studies in which weight plateaus after 6 – 12 months of caloric restriction despite self - declared adherence to a hypocaloric dietary prescription .
Furthermore , our data shed some light on lifestyle change interventions that combining diet and physical activities are probably more successful in maintaining weight loss longer term .
Ian Stafford resigned as mayor of Preesall over the underwear thefts
The ex-mayor of a Lancashire village who got " sexual kicks " from breaking into women 's homes to steal underwear has been jailed for two years .
Ian Stafford , 59 , who admitted three counts of burglary , resigned his post in Preesall after his arrest last year .
Preston Crown
Court heard how he would creep into their bedrooms and search drawers for the underwear , before carrying out a sex act .
He was caught after one victim set up a hidden camera , catching him in the act .
The burglaries took place at buildings in Poulton - le - Fylde and Stalmine between 1 January and 26 June last year .
Stafford had been working as a part - time handyman and gardener at his victims ' homes for years and was trusted with access .
The victims are relieved that the court process is now over
Det Con Steve Montgomery
But the female residents called in police after their underwear kept disappearing - one even installed a hidden camera in her bedroom .
The resulting 14 - minute DVD was passed to Lancashire police and Stafford 's home searched , where officers found stolen underwear marked with the women 's names , the court heard .
He stole some items , while placing others back in the drawer .
Judge Heather Lloyd , who told him his actions were " bluntly revolting " , sentenced Stafford , of Sandicroft Place , Preesall , to two years for each offence , to run concurrently .
' Breach of trust '
" Your private desires or fantasies which should only be your concern became public when you decided to do what you did in the homes of those who trusted you , " she told him .
The court heard the victims were " embarrassed , disgusted and shocked " to discover how the man they trusted was getting his " sexual kicks " .
Speaking after the hearing , Det Con Steve Montgomery , said : " This has been a distressing ordeal for the victims involved , all of whom had let Mr Stafford into their homes , trusting him to carry out maintenance .
" They certainly did not expect him to search for , and steal , their possessions .
There has been a breach of their trust in a very intimate nature . "
" The victims are relieved that the court process is now over . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In Volume One of Anarchism : A Documentary History of Libertarian Ideas , subtitled From Anarchy to Anarchism ( 300CE - 1939 ) , I included excerpts from Kropotkin ’s well known essay , Law and Authority ( Selection 52 ) , in which he presents an anarchist critique of the law and the criminal justice system .
While he touches on the anarchist view of prisons as “ schools of crime ” which create more harm than good , it is in his other essay , Prisons and Their Moral Influence on Prisoners ( 1886 ) , that he presents the anarchist case against the prison system , and in his book , In Russian and French Prisons ( 1887 ) , much of which was written while Kropotkin himself was in the French prison in Clairvaux for his revolutionary activities ( see my previous post , Manifesto of the Anarchists : Lyon 1883 ) .
Prisons and Their Moral Influence on Prisoners
Once a man has been in prison , he will return .
It is inevitable , and statistics prove it .
The annual reports of the administration of criminal justice in France show that one - half of all those tried by juries and two - fifths of all those who yearly get into the police courts for minor offences received their education in prisons .
Nearly half of all those tried for murder and three - fourths of those tried for burglary are repeaters .
As for the central prisons , more than one - third of the prisoners released from these supposedly correctional institutions are reimprisoned in the course of twelve months after their liberation .
Another significant angle is that the offence for which a man returns to prison is always more serious than his first .
If , before , it was petty thieving , he returns now for some daring burglary ; if he was imprisoned for the first time for some act of violence , often he will return as a murderer .
All writers on criminology are in accord with this observation .
Former offenders have become a great problem in Europe …
In spite of all the reforms made up to the present — in spite of all the experiments of different prison systems , the results are always the same .
On the one hand , the number of offences against existing laws neither increases nor diminishes , no matter what the system of punishments is — the knout has been abolished in Russia and the death penalty in Italy , and the number of murders there has remained the same .
The cruelty of the judges grows or lessens , the cruelty of the Jesuitical penal system changes , but the number of acts designated as crimes remains constant .
It is affected only by other causes which I shall shortly mention .
On the other hand , no matter what changes are introduced in the prison régime , the problem of second offenders does not decrease .
That is inevitable — it must be so — the prison kills all the qualities in a man which make him best adapted to community life .
It makes him the kind of a person who will inevitably return to prison to end his days in one of those stone tombs over which is engraved — “ House of Detention and Correction . ”
There is only one answer to the question , “ What can be done to better this penal system ? ” Nothing .
A prison can not be improved .
With the exception of a few unimportant little improvements , there is absolutely nothing to do but demolish it …
So long as you deprive a man of his liberty , you will not make him better .
You will cultivate habitual criminals : that is what I shall now prove .
To begin with , there is the fact that none of the prisoners recognize the justice of the punishment inflicted on them .
This is in itself a condemnation of our whole judicial system .
Speak to an imprisoned man or to some great swindler .
He will say .
“ The little swindlers are here but the big ones are free and enjoy public respect . ”
What can you answer , knowing the existence of great financial companies expressly designed to take the last pennies of the savings of the poor , with the founders retiring in time to make good legal hauls out of these small fortunes ?
We all know these great stock issuing companies with their Iying circulars and their huge swindles .
What can we answer the prisoner except that he is right ?
Or this man , imprisoned for robbing a till , will tell you , “ I simply was n’t clever enough , that ’s all . ”
And what can you answer , knowing what goes on in important places , and how , following terrible scandals , the verdict “ not guilty ” is handed out to these great robbers ?
How many times have you heard prisoners say , “ It ’s the big thieves who are holding us here ; we are the little ones . ”
Who can dispute this when he knows the incredible swindles perpetrated in the realm of high finance and commerce ; when he knows that the thirst for riches , acquired by every possible means , is the very essence of bourgeois society .
When he has examined this immense quantity of suspicious transactions divided between the honest man ( according to bourgeois standards ) and the criminal , when he has seen all this , he must be convinced that jails are made for the unskillful , not for criminals …
Everyone knows the evil influence of laziness .
Work relieves a man .
But there is work and work .
There is the work of the free individual which makes him feel a part of the immense whole .
And there is that of the slave which degrades .
Convict labour is unwillingly done , done only through fear of worse punishment .
The work , which has no attraction in itself because it does not exercise any of the mental faculties of the worker , is so badly paid that it is looked upon as a punishment …
And what inspiration can a prisoner get to work for the common good , deprived as he is of all connections with life outside ?
By a refinement of cruelty , those who planned our prisons did everything they could to break all relationships of the prisoner with society .
In England the prisoner ’s wife and children can see him only once every three months , and the letters he is allowed to write are really preposterous .
The philanthropists have even at times carried defiance of human nature so far as to restrict a prisoner from writing anything but his signature on a printed circular .
The best influence to which a prisoner could be subjected , the only one which could bring him a ray of light , a softer element in his life — the relationship with his kin — is systematically prevented .
In the sombre life of the prisoner which flows by without passion or emotion , all the finer sentiments rapidly become atrophied .
The skilled workers who loved their trade lose their taste for work .
Bodily energy slowly disappears .
The mind no longer has the energy for sustained attention ; thought is less rapid , and in any case less persistent .
It loses depth .
It seems to me that the lowering of nervous energy in prisons is due , above all , to the lack of varied impressions .
In ordinary life a thousand sounds and colours strike our senses daily , a thousand little facts come to our consciousness and stimulate the activity of our brains .
No such things strike the prisoners ’ senses .
Their impressions are few and always the same …
In prisons as in monasteries , everything is done to kill a man ’s will .
He generally has no choice between one of two acts .
The rare occasions on which he can exercise his will are very brief .
His whole life is regulated and ordered in advance .
He has only to swim with the current , to obey under pain of severe punishment .
Under these conditions all the will power that he may have had on entering disappears .
And where will he find the strength with which to resist the temptations which will arise before him , as if by magic , when he is free - of the prison walls ?
Where will he find the strength to resist the first impulse to a passionate outbreak , if during several years everything was done to kill this inner strength , to make him a docile tool in the hands of those who control him ?
This fact is , according to my mind , the most terrible condemnation of the whole penal system based on the deprivation of individual liberty .
The origin of this suppression of individual will , which is the essence of all prisons , is easy to see .
It springs from the desire of guarding the greatest number of prisoners with the fewest possible guards .
The ideal of prison officials would be thousands of automatons , arising , working , eating and going to sleep by means of electric currents switched on by one of the guards .
Economies might then be made in the budget , but no astonishment should be expressed that men , reduced to machines , are not , on their release , the type which society wants .
As soon as a prisoner is released , his old companions await him .
He is fraternally received and once again engulfed by the current which once swept him to prison .
Protective organizations can do nothing .
All that they can do to combat the evil influence of the prison is to counterbalance some of those results in the liberated men .
And what a contrast between the reception by his old companions and that of the people in philanthropic work for released prisoners !
Who of them will invite him to his home and say to him simply , “ Here is a room , here is work , sit down at this table , and become part of the family ” ?
The released man is only looking for the outstretched hand of warm friendship .
But society , after having done everything it could to make an enemy of him , having inoculated him with the vices of the prison , rejects him .
He is condemned to become a “ repeater ” …
During all his prison life the prisoner is subjected to treatment which shows the greatest contempt of his feelings .
A prisoner is not accorded the single respect due a human being .
He is a thing , a number , and he is treated like a numbered thing .
If he yields to the most human of all desires , that of communicating with a comrade , he is guilty of a breach of discipline .
Before entering prison he may not have lied or deceived , but in prison he will learn to lie and deceive so that it will become second nature to him .
And it goes hard with those who do not submit .
If being searched is humiliating , if a man finds the food distasteful , if he shows disgust in the keeper ’s trafficking in tobacco , if he divides his bread with his neighbour , if he still has enough dignity to be irritated by an insult , if he is honest enough to be revolted by the petty intrigues , prison will be a hell for him .
He will be overburdened with work unless he is sent to rot in solitary confinement .
The slightest infraction of discipline will bring down the severest punishment .
And each punishment will lead to another .
He will be driven to madness through persecution .
He can consider himself lucky to leave prison otherwise than in a coffin .
It is easy to write in the newspapers that the guards must be carefully watched , that the wardens must be chosen from good men .
Nothing is easier than to build administrative utopias .
But man will remain man — guard as well as prisoner .
And when these guards are condemned to spend the rest of their lives in these false positions , they suffer the consequences .
They become fussy .
Nowhere , save in monasteries or convents , does such a spirit of petty intrigue reign .
Nowhere are scandal and tale - bearing so well developed as among prison guards .
You cannot give an individual any authority without corrupting him .
He will abuse it .
He will be less scrupulous and feel his authority even more when his sphere of action is limited .
Forced to live in any enemy ’s camp , the guards cannot become models of kindness .
To the league of prisoners there is opposed the league of jailers .
It is the institution which makes them what they are — petty , mean persecutors .
Put a Pestalozzi [ renowned Swiss pedagogue ] in their place and he will soon become a prison guard .
Quickly rancour against society gets into the prisoner ’s heart .
He becomes accustomed to detesting those who oppress him .
He divides the world into two parts — one in which he and his comrades belong , the other , the external world , represented by the guards and their superiors .
A league is formed by the prisoners against all those who do not wear prison garb .
These are their enemies and everything that can be done to deceive them is right .
As soon as he is freed , the prisoner puts this code into practice .
Before going to prison he could commit his offences unthinkingly .
Now he has a philosophy , which can be summed up in the words of Zola , “ What rascals these honest men are . ”
If we take into consideration all the different influences of the prison on the prisoner , we will be convinced that they make a man less and less fitted for life in society .
On the other hand , none of these influences raises the intellectual and moral faculties of the prisoner , or leads him to a higher conception of life .
Prison does not improve the prisoner .
And furthermore , we have seen that it does not prevent him from committing other crimes .
It does not then achieve any of the ends which it has set itself …
Until now , penal institutions , so dear to the lawyers , were a compromise between the Biblical idea of vengeance , the belief of the middle ages in the devil , the modern lawyers ’ idea of terrorization , and the idea of the prevention of crime by punishment .
It is not insane asylums that must be built instead of prisons .
Such an execrable idea is far from my mind .
The insane asylum is always a prison .
Far from my mind also is the idea , launched from time to time by the philanthropists , that the prison be kept but entrusted to physicians and teachers .
What prisoners have not found today in society is a helping hand , simple and friendly , which would aid them from childhood to develop the higher faculties of their minds and souls — faculties whose natural development has been impeded either by an organic defect or by the evil social conditions which society itself creates for millions of people .
But these superior faculties of the mind and heart cannot be exercised by a person deprived of his liberty , if he never has choice of action .
The physicians ’ prison , the insane asylum , would be much worse than our present jails .
Human fraternity and liberty are the only correctives to apply to those diseases of the human organism which lead to so - called crime .
Of course in every society , no matter how well organized , people will be found with easily aroused passions , who may , from time to time , commit anti-social deeds .
But what is necessary to prevent this is to give their passions a healthy direction , another outlet .
Today we live too isolated .
Private property has led us to an egoistic individualism in all our mutual relations .
We know one another only slightly ; our points of contact are too rare .
But we have seen in history examples of a communal life which is more intimately bound together — the “ composite family ” in China , the agrarian communes , for example .
These people really know one another .
By force of circumstances they must aid one another materially and morally .
Family life , based on the original community , has disappeared .
A new family , based on community of aspirations , will take its place .
In this family people will be obliged to know one another , to aid one another and to lean on one another for moral support on every occasion .
And this mutual prop will prevent the great number of anti-social acts which we see today .
It will be said , however , there will always remain some people , the sick , if you wish to call them that , who constitute a danger to society .
Will it not be necessary somehow to rid ourselves of them , or at least prevent their harming others ?
No society , no matter how little intelligent , will need such an absurd solution , and this is why .
Formerly the insane were looked upon as possessed by demons and were treated accordingly .
They were kept in chains in places like stables , riveted to the walls like wild beasts .
But along came Pinel , a man of the Great Revolution , who dared to remove their chains and tried treating them as brothers .
“ You will be devoured by them , ” cried the keepers .
But Pinel dared .
Those who were believed to be wild beasts gathered around Pinel and proved by their attitude that he was right in believing in the better side of human nature even when the intelligence is clouded by disease .
Then the cause was won .
They stopped chaining the insane .
Then the peasants of the little Belgian village , Gheel , found something better .
They said : “ Send us your insane .
We will give them absolute freedom . ”
They adopted them into their families , they gave them places at their tables , chance alongside them to cultivate their fields and a place among their young people at their country balls .
“ Eat , drink , and dance with us .
Work , run about the fields , and be free . ”
That was the system , that was all the science the Belgian peasant had .
( I am speaking of the early days .
Today the treatment of the insane at Gheel has become a profession and where it is a profession for profit , what significance can there be in it ? )
And liberty worked a miracle .
The insane became cured .
Even those who had incurable , organic lesions became sweet , tractable members of the family like the rest .
The diseased mind would always work in an abnormal fashion but the heart was in the right place .
They cried that it was a miracle .
The cures were attributed to a saint and a virgin .
But this virgin was liberty and the saint was work in the fields and fraternal treatment .
At one of the extremes of the immense “ space between mental disease and crime ” of which Maudsley speaks , liberty and fraternal treatment have worked their miracle .
They will do the same at the other extreme .
The prison does not prevent anti-social acts from taking place .
It increases their numbers .
It does not improve those who enter its walls .
However it is reformed it will always remain a place of restraint , an artificial environment , like a monastery , which will make the prisoner less and less fit for life in the community .
It does not achieve its end .
It degrades society .
It must disappear .
It is a survival of barbarism mixed with Jesuitical philanthropy .
The first duty of the revolution will be to abolish prisons — those monuments of human hypocrisy and cowardice .
Anti-social acts need not be feared in a society of equals , in the midst of a free people , all of whom have acquired a healthy education and the habit of mutually aiding one another .
The greater number of these acts will no longer have any raison d’être .
The others will be nipped in the bud .
As for those individuals with evil tendencies whom existing society will pass on to us after the revolution , it will be our task to prevent their exercising these tendencies .
This is already accomplished quite efficiently by the solidarity of all the members of the community against such aggressors .
If we do not succeed in all cases , the only practical corrective still will be fraternal treatment and moral support .
This is not Utopia .
It is already done by isolated individuals and it will become the general practice .
And such means will be far more powerful to protect society from anti-social acts than the existing system of punishment which is an ever fertile source of new crimes .
Le Révolté , August 1886
It is interesting how often political party members get into a tizzy when one of their own does n’t go along with the party line on every single issue .
Not that it ever was a secret but now it is out in the news that Scott Brown , the Republican who won Ted Kennedy ’s Senatorial seat , is not a pro-life senator .
He believes the government should stay out of the debate ( with the exception of late - term abortions ) and should n’t provide federal funds to support it .
Are Republicans who looked at this guy as a savior now going to backtrack ?
The problem Republicans are having is their small tent litmus test mentality that says you have to fit into every category to call yourself a Republican .
At least on the surface I like the fact that Brown is trying to open the doors of the tent a little wider .
Fiscally I lean to the right and socially to the left .
As I have said before I want the Conservatives to stay out of my pants and the liberals to stay out of my wallet .
or help share the post by clicking below …
The latest wrinkle in Howard Stern ’s contractual angling with Sirius :
The shock jock says he was approached about a return to TV — not only that , he was offered someone ’s existing show .
In making the revelation to his satellite radio listeners Wednesday , Stern also reiterated that he ’s been approached by terrestrial radio about a return .
And just like with those radio talks , Stern would n’t reveal which network approached him for TV .
But the King of All Media did say the offer was for 2011 .
His five - year , $ 500 million contract with Sirius expires at the end of the year .
Stern said he considered the offer “ carefully ” – and apparently laid out “ heavy ” demands – but refused to engage in a negotiation with the network and ultimately turned the gig down .
( Stern even joked that the show would be called “ CSI : Paramus , ” a nod to his early TV years on WWOR - TV in New Jersey . )
I have no doubt TV executives would want to talk to Stern — with his built - in band of rabid followers — about a possible return .
( Although I doubt the major networks would — given Stern ’s reputation for strippers and midgets , etc. , and his battles with the FCC .
And there ’s no way Stern would pull a Jay Leno and force an existing late night host like Jimmy Kimmel off the airwaves .
My guess , cable : Spike TV , or perhaps his former broadcast partner E ! , would seem to have a natural interest . )
But even more than the terrestrial talk , this on - air admission by Stern seems to be pure shock jock posturing in a contract year .
And , as it ’s been noted before , Sirius chief Mel Karmazin said in December that he expected as much from Stern heading into 2010 .
Stern added that he is not in negotiations with anyone right now , and likes the idea of not having a plan .
We ’ll see .
More to read :
Howard Stern to Return to Terrestrial Radio ?
Howard Stern ’s Defense for Not Going on Conan : Sirius Did n’t Ask
Howard Stern Says He ’s Not Going on Conan
A Sneak Peek Into Sirius ’ Howard Stern Negotiations
Cayman Islands
Hit with a 5.8 Magnitude Earthquake
Another Caribbean nation was rocked by the earth Tuesday , January 19 , as a 5.8 magnitude earthquake hit Cayman Islands , the US Geological Survey said .
Citizens felt buildings and homes sway .
There were no reports of damage or injuries .
The three - island chain British territory is only 600 miles ( 1000 kilometers ) west of Port - au - Prince , Haiti , which suffered many lives and heavy losses after a devastating 7.0 magnitude earthquake shook the poorest country in the western hemisphere last week .
The earthquake epicenter is 40 miles east from capital George Town and 30 miles southeast of Grand Cayman Island .
It is just at 6.2 miles deep .
It struck at 9:23 AM local time .
The other two islands in the territory are Cayman Brac and Little Cayman .
Grand Cayman lies just north of Oriente Fracture Zone , a very active fault line .
The fault follows the northern edge of the Cayman Through , the deepest part of the Caribbean Sea .
The last major earthquake in the territory was in December 14 , 2004 with magnitude 6.8 .
In the waning weeks of 2009 , planeloads of scientists , politicians , and assorted climate wonks from 192 countries will blow through a few million tons of CO2 to jet to Copenhagen , one of the world 's most carbon - conscious cities .
The occasion is the much - awaited United Nations Climate Change Conference , aka Kyoto 2 .
Speeches will be made .
Goals and targets will be hammered out .
Limited victory will be declared .
Set a Google News alert for " Last Chance to Stop Global Warming . "
There 's just one problem .
As many of the participants — certainly the scientists — are only too aware , the global war on carbon has not gone well for the atmosphere .
The really inconvenient truth : We 're toast .
Fried .
Steamed .
Poached .
More so than even many hand - wringing carbonistas admit .
According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , C02 that 's already in the air or in the pipeline will stoke " irreversible " warming for the next 1,000 years .
Any scheme cobbled together in Copenhagen for slowing — forget reversing — the growth of greenhouse gases will be way too little , way too late .
In the apt jargon of industry , a hotter planet is already " baked in . "
James Lovelock , the British chemist who redubbed Mother Earth as " Gaia , " tells the ungilded truth : Can we hit a carbon Undo button ?
" Not a hope in hell . "
Now here 's some good news :
We can still come out OK .
Because by one of those strokes of luck that seem to follow the most charmed species on earth , climate change arrives just at the moment when we have — or have in sight — an array of tools for adapting and extending human civilization to any and every environment .
Homo sapiens now splash golf courses across deserts , joyride in outer space , update their Facebook profiles from the South Pole .
And technological change is accelerating .
By 2050 — zero hour for many warming scenarios — the 2010s will look as primitive as the buggy - whipped 1890s do today .
But wo n't the transition to a warmer world be painful ?
The honest answer is that we do n't know .
It depends on the resources we can bring to bear , technological and otherwise .
There 's plenty of reason to be optimistic , though .
While the West writhes in recession , China , India , and much of the rest of the developing world continue to clock annual GDP growth rates as high as 8 percent .
Avowedly or not , they 're gunning their economies precisely because they see technology and the wealth it creates as the best ( in fact , the only ) insurance against a homicidal Mother Nature .
Coastal communities , for example , will survive not because the world will somehow unite to stop sea levels from rising ( it wo n't ) .
They 'll survive because they 'll learn to adapt — much as the Dutch have done since the Middle Ages .
Ditto the other supposed horsemen of the climate apocalypse .
Drought ?
Check out Perth , on the edge of the Great Australian Desert , where more than a million people keep hydrated with seawater that 's been desalinated by wind power .
Famine ?
Talk to the biotech wizards designing postindustrial crops for every microclimate ( and , yes , palate ) .
Plague ?
Getting real health care to the several billion people who lack it will be much better insurance against illness than wishful thinking about a Goldilocks climate .
None of these are complete solutions — it 's the sum of all progress that will get us through .
It 's worth keeping in mind that the planet we inhabit has always been fundamentally out of control , driven by fantastically complex , chaotic systems we scarcely understand .
With or without our help , dear Mother Earth is capable of producing circumstances highly inimical to human life .
Pick whatever black swan you like — how about the next asteroid or an avian superplague or that Yellowstone volcano ?
Climate change could end up being just a side note .
There are lots of reasons to avoid shifting the focus to adaptation .
For starters , " We 're toast " is nobody 's idea of a call to arms .
But in fact , an honest accounting of where we stand ought to be the jumping - off place for a more important ( and way more interesting ) discussion .
The real question is not how we can keep things the way they are but how we 'll survive , and maybe even thrive , on a hotter planet .
Yes , we should still work on cutting carbon .
But we need to be realistic about what that can accomplish and what it can't .
At the risk of sounding horrifically flip , change is good .
Really .
Without the challenges inflicted by our volatile environment , starting with some nasty 80 percent - plus species extinctions , Earth would still be the planet of the trilobites .
We just need to find a way to do what we 've always done : adapt and — dare I say — evolve .
And then start getting ready for the next ice age .
Contributing editor Spencer Reiss ( spencer@upperroad.net ) wrote about retooling the electric grid in issue 17.04 .
The Nazarene Way of Essenic Studies
~ The Lord 's Prayer ~
Translations from Aramaic , Origins and History of The Lord's Prayer
Biblical scholars disagree about Jesus ' meaning in the Lord 's Prayer .
Some view it as " existential , " referring to man 's present experience on earth , while others interpret it as " eschatological , " referring to the coming Kingdom of God .
The prayer itself lends to both interpretations , and further questions are posed by the existence of other translations and the problems inherent in the process of translation .
" This , then , is how you should pray : " ~ Jesus , Matt 6:9
It has always been of great interest as to the many different interpretations of the various aspects of what is offered as foundational information about Jesus the Nazarene , what he said and taught , and how translations over the centuries have changed dramatically sometimes even altering the original meaning of a particular text .
The Aramaic Language has ( like the Hebrew and Arabic ) different levels of meaning .
The words are organized and defined by a poetical system where different meanings of every word are possible .
So , every line of the Lords Prayer could be translated into English in many different versions .
As an example of how the intent of a passage can be changed , here are some translations of the Lord 's Prayer directly translated from the ancient Aramaic language into modern English .
The Prayer To Our Father
( translated into first century Aramaic ) Abwûn
" Oh Thou , from whom the breath of life comes , d'bwaschmâja
who fills all realms of sound , light and vibration .
Nethkâdasch schmach
May
Your light be experienced in my utmost holiest .
Têtê malkuthach .
Your Heavenly Domain approaches .
Nehwê tzevjânach aikâna d'bwaschmâja af b'arha .
Let Your will come true - in the universe ( all that vibrates )
just as on earth ( that is material and dense ) .
Hawvlân lachma d'sûnkanân jaomâna .
Give us wisdom ( understanding , assistance ) for our daily need , Waschboklân chaubên wachtahên aikâna
daf chnân schwoken l'chaijabên .
detach the fetters of faults that bind us , ( karma )
like we let go the guilt of others .
Wela tachlân l'nesjuna
Let us not be lost in superficial things ( materialism , common temptations ) , ela patzân min bischa .
but let us be freed from that what keeps us off from our true purpose .
Metol dilachie malkutha wahaila wateschbuchta l'ahlâm almîn .
From
You comes the all - working will , the lively strength to act ,
the song that beautifies all and renews itself from age to age .
Amên .
Sealed in trust , faith and truth .
( I confirm with my entire being )
Lords Prayer
Translation by Neil Douglas - Klotz in Prayers of the Cosmos O Birther !
Father - Mother of the Cosmos Focus your light within us - make it useful .
Create your reign of unity now - through our fiery hearts and willing hands
Help us love beyond our ideals and sprout acts of compassion for all creatures .
Animate the earth within us : we then feel the Wisdom underneath supporting all .
Untangle the knots within so that we can mend our hearts ' simple ties to each other .
Do n't let surface things delude us , But free us from what holds us back from our true purpose .
Out of you , the astonishing fire , Returning light and sound to the cosmos .
Amen .
Lords Prayer
Translation by G.J.R. Ouseley from The Gospel of the Holy Twelve Our Father - Mother Who art above and within : Hallowed be Thy Name in twofold Trinity .
In Wisdom , Love and Equity Thy Kingdom come to all .
Thy will be done , As in Heaven so in Earth .
Give us day by day to partake of Thy holy Bread , and the fruit of the living Vine .
As Thou dost forgive us our trespasses , so may we forgive others who trespass against us .
Shew upon us
Thy goodness , that to others we may shew the same .
In the hour of temptation , deliver us from evil .
Amun .
The Lord 's Prayer , sometimes known by its first two Latin words as the Pater Noster , or the English equivalent Our Father , is probably the most well - known prayer in the Christian religion .
The Lord 's Prayer is excerpted from Matt. 6:9-13 during the Sermon on the Mount .
A similar prayer is found on Luke 11:2 - 4 .
It is called the " Lord 's Prayer " because it was the prayer given by Jesus in response to a request from the Apostles for guidance on how to pray .
Most Christian theologians point out that Jesus would have never used this prayer himself , for it specifically asks for forgiveness of sins or , more literally , for cancellation of debts , and in most schools of Christian thought , Christ never sinned .
However since it says " forgive us our sins " , not " forgive me my sins " , Christ might have prayed it by way of identifying himself with the common plight of man and of asking for the forgiveness of the sins of his disciples .
The doxology ( For thine is the kingdom , and the power , and the glory , for ever and ever .
Amen ) was not present in the original version of the prayer , but rather was added to the Gospels as a result of its use in the liturgy of the early church .
For this reason , it is not included in many modern translations .
Origins of the Lord's Prayer
In the latter part of the second century , Matthew translates the Lord 's Prayer in rather crude Greek , behind which one can still sense the original Aramaic .
The commonly accepted version of the Lord 's Prayer is the version of Matthew .
This version however is admitted to be grossly inaccurate .
It contains sixty - six words .
The Revised Version of Matthew contains but fifty - five .
Twenty - four words either do not belong to the prayer , or have been misplaced ; while words which do belong to it have been omitted .
In this regard , John E. Remsberg , author of The Christ writes : " If the custodians of the Christian Scriptures have permitted the prayer of their Lord to be corrupted to this extent , what reliance can be placed upon the genuineness of the remainder of these writings ? "
The Lord 's Prayer , like so many more of the precepts and discourses ascribed to Jesus , is borrowed .
Dr. Hardwicke , of England , says : " The so - called ' Lord 's Prayer ' was learned by the Messiah as the ' Kadish ' from the Talmud . "
The Kadish , as translated by Christian scholar , Rev. John Gregorie , is as follows : " Our Parent which art in heaven , be gracious to us , O Lord , our God ; hallowed be thy name , and let the remembrance of thee be glorified in heaven above and in the earth here below .
Let thy kingdom reign over us now and forever .
The holy men of old said , Remit and forgive unto all men whatsoever they have done against me .
And lead us not into temptation , but deliver us from the evil thing .
For thine is the kingdom , and thou shalt reign in glory for ever and for evermore . "
The eminent Swiss theologian , Dr. Wetstein , says : " It is a curious fact that the Lord 's Prayer may be constructed almost verbatim out of the Talmud .
The Sermon on the Mount is derived largely from the teachings of the Essenes , a Jewish sect to which Jesus is believed by many to have belonged . "
In the early Church , the Christians living in the eastern half of the Roman Empire added the doxology ( " For thine is the kingdom ect . " ) to the Gospel text of the Our Father when reciting the prayer at Mass .
Evidence of this practice is also found in the Didache ( Teaching of the Twelve Apostles ) , a first - century manual of morals , worship and doctrine of the Church .
( The Didache also prescribed that the faithful recite the Our Father three times a day . )
Also when copying the scriptures , Greek scribes sometimes appended the doxology onto the original Gospel text of the Our Father ; however , most texts today would omit this inclusion , relegate it to a footnote , or note that it was a later addition to the Gospel .
Official " Catholic " Bibles including the Vulgate , the Douay - Rheims , the Confraternity Edition , and the New American have never included this doxology .
In the western half of the Roman Empire and in the Latin rite , the Our Father was always an important part of the Mass .
St. Jerome ( d. 420 ) attested to the usage of the Our Father in the Mass , and St. Gregory the Great ( d. 604 ) placed the recitation of the Our Father after the Canon and before the Fraction .
The Commentary on the Sacrament of St. Ambrose ( d. 397 ) meditated on the meaning of " daily bread " in the context of the Holy Eucharist .
In this same vein , St. Augustine ( d. 430 ) saw the Our Father as a beautiful connection of the Holy Eucharist with the forgiveness of sins .
In all instances , the Church saw this " perfect prayer which the Lord gave " as a proper means of preparing for Holy Communion .
However , none of this evidence includes the appended doxology .
The English wording of the Our Father that is used today reflects the version mandated for use by Henry VIII , which was based on the English version of the Bible produced by Tyndale ( 1525 ) .
Later in 1541 after his official separation from the Holy Father , Henry VIII issued an edict saying : " His Grace perceiving now the great diversity of the translations of the Pater Noster hath willed them all to be taken up , and instead of them hath caused an uniform translation of the said Pater Noster , Ave , Creed , etc. , to be set forth , willing all his loving subjects to learn and use the same and straitly [ sic ] commanding all parsons , vicars , and curates to read and teach the same to their parishioners . "
This English version without the doxology of the Our Father became accepted throughout the English - speaking world , even though the later English translations of the Bible including the Catholic Douay - Rheims ( 1610 ) and Protestant King James versions ( 1611 ) had different renderings of prayers as found in the Gospel of St. Matthew .
Later , the Catholic Church made slight modifications in the English : " who art " replaced " which art , " and " on earth " replaced " in earth . "
During the reign of Edward VI , the Book of Common Prayer ( 1549 and 1552 editions ) of the Church of England did not change the wording of the Our Father nor add the doxology .
However , during the reign of Elizabeth I and a resurgence to rid the Church of England from any Catholic vestiges , the Lord ’s Prayer was changed to include the doxology .
Evolution of The Lord's Prayer
The Prayer to Our Father in the Original Aramaic Abwûn O cosmic Birther , from whom the breath of life comes ,
d 'bwaschmâja who fills all realms of sound , light and vibration .
Nethkâdasch schmach May Your light be experienced in my utmost holiest .
Têtê malkuthach .
Your Heavenly Domain approaches .
Nehwê tzevjânach aikâna d'bwaschmâja af b'arha .
Let Your will come true in the universe ( all that vibrates ) just as on earth ( that is material and dense ) .
Hawvlân lachma d'sûnkanân jaomâna .
Give us wisdom ( understanding , assistance ) for our daily need ,
Waschboklân chaubên wachtahên aikâna daf chnân schwoken l'chaijabên .
detach the fetters of faults that bind us , ( karma ) like we let go the guilt of others .
Wela tachlân l'nesjuna
Let us not be lost in superficial things ( materialism , common temptations ) ,
ela patzân min bischa .
but let us be freed from that what keeps us off from our true purpose .
Metol dilachie malkutha wahaila wateschbuchta l'ahlâm almîn .
From
You comes the all - working will , the lively strength to act , the song that beautifies all and renews itself from age to age .
Amên .
Sealed in trust , faith and truth .
( I confirm with my entire being )
The Lord 's Prayer in Greek Matthew 's second century mistranslation of the Lord 's Prayer in crude Greek , the commonly accepted version of the Lord 's Pra yer from which all others are translated .
ΠΑΤΕΡ ΗΜΩΝ Ο ΕΝ ΤΟΙΣ ΟΥΡΑΝΟΙ Σ
ΑΓΙΑΣΘΗΤΩ ΤΟ ΟΝΟΜΑ ΣΟΥ ( what looks like π , is γι : αγιασθη τ ω )
ΕΛΘΕΤΩ Η ΒΑΣΙΛΕΙΑ ΣΟΥ
ΓΕΝΗΘΗΤΩ ΤΟ ΘΕΛΗΜΑ ΣΟΥ ,
ΩΣ ΕΝ ΟΥΡΑΝΩ ΚΑΙ ΕΠΙ ΤΗΣ ΓΗ Σ
ΤΟΝ ΑΡΤΟΝ ΗΜΩΝ ΤΟΝ ΕΠΙΟΥΣΙΟΝ
ΔΟΣ ΗΜΙΝ ΣΗΜΕΡΟΝ
ΚΑΙ ΑΦΕΣ ΗΜΙΝ ΤΑ ΟΦΕΙΛΗΜΑΤΑ ΗΜΩΝ ,
ΩΣ ΚΑΙ ΗΜΕΙΣ ΑΦΙΕΜΕΝ ΤΟΙΣ ΟΦΕΙΛΕΤΑΙΣ ΗΜΩΝ
ΚΑΙ ΜΗ ΕΙΣΕΝΕΓΚΗΣ ΗΜΑΣ ΕΙΣ ΠΕΙΡΑΣΜΟΝ ,
ΑΛΛΑ ΡΥΣΑΙ ΗΜΑΣ ΑΠΟ ΤΟΥ ΠΟΝΗΡΟΥ .
ΑΜΗΝ .
Transliteration : Pater hêmôn ho en toes ouranoes ; hagiasthêtô to onoma sou ; elthetô hê basileia sou ; genêthêtô to thelêma sou , hôs en ouranô , kae epi tês gês .
ton arton hêmôn ton epiousion dos hêmin sêmeron ; kae aphes hêmin ta opheil êmata hêmôn , hôs kae hêmeis aphiemen toes opheiletaes hêmôn ; kae mê eisenenkês hêmas eis peirasmon , alla rhysae hêmas apo tou ponerou .
hoti sou estin hê basileia kae hê dynamis kae hê doxa eis tous aeônas ; amên .
The ' Pater Noster ' in Latin : Prior to the Protestant Reformation , the Our Father was universally recited in Latin by clergy and laity alike .
Hence it was then most commonly known as the Pater Noster .
The rather curious English translation we have today is due to Henry VIII 's efforts to impose a standard English version .
Pater Noster , qui es in caelis , Sanctificetur nomen tuum .
Adveniat regnum tuum , Fiat voluntas tua , sicut in caelo , et in terra .
Panem nostrum quotidianum da nobis hodie , Et dimitte nobis debita nostra , sicut et nos dimittimus debitoribus nostris .
Et ne nos inducas in tentationem , Sed libera nos a malo .
Amen .
The Lord 's Prayer Old English ( c. 450 - 1100 )
This version of the Lord 's Prayer probably is n't recognizable by the majority of modern English speakers .
1000 AD is before the Norman invasion of England and therefore many of the words in Modern English that were taken from French are not yet present in the Language .
Fæder ure þu þe eart on heofonum si þin nama gehalgod tobecume þin rice gewurþe þin willa on eorðan swa swa on heofonum urne gedæghwamlican hlaf syle us to dæg and forgyf us ure gyltas swa swa we forgyfað urum gyltendum and ne gelæd þu us on costnunge ac alys us of yfele soþlice .
The Lord 's Prayer Most modern English speakers should be able to understand some of this version of the Lord 's Prayer when written .
Spoken it would sound a great deal different ; for instance , ou is pronounced like oo and in general the vowels have their continental value ( oorra fahderr thut arrt in ai( r ) venas ulwid bai(r ) thee nahma , with trilled rr ) .
Note the use of the letter þ , this has essentially the same value as " th " in modern English .
Oure fadir þat art in heuenes halwid be þi name ; þi reume or kyngdom come to be .
Be þi wille don in herþe as it is doun in heuene .
yeue to us today oure eche dayes bred .
And foryeue to us oure dettis þat is oure synnys as we foryeuen to oure dettouris þat is to men þat han synned in us .
And lede us not into temptacion but delyuere us from euyl .
The Lord 's Prayer ( King James Bible ) Most modern English speakers should be able to understand this version of the Lord 's Prayer .
Note the use of u in place of v .
It is not until fairly recently that u an v have been considered separate letters .
Our father which art in heauen , hallowed be thy name .
Thy kingdom come .
Thy will be done in earth as it is in heauen .
Giue us this day our daily bread .
And forgiue us our debts as we forgiue our debters .
And lead us not into temptation , but deliuer us from euill .
Amen .
The Lord 's Prayer ( 1700 - ) Our Father which art in heaven , Hallowed be thy name .
Thy kingdom come .
Thy will be done in earth , as it is in heaven .
Give us this day our daily bread .
And forgive us our debts , as we forgive our debtors .
And lead us not into temptation , but deliver us from evil :
For thine is the kingdom , and the power , and the glory , for ever .
Amen .
The New Testament in Modern English ( 1963 , tr. Phillips )
According to the New Testament , the Lord 's Prayer is the name given to the only form of prayer Christ taught his disciples ( Matt. 6:9-13 ) .
The closing doxology of the prayer is omitted by Luke ( 11:2 - 4 ) , also in the R.V. of Matt.
6:13 .
This prayer contains no allusion to the atonement of Christ , nor to the offices of the Holy Spirit .
All Christian prayer is based on the Lord 's Prayer , but is also guided by that of His prayer in Gethsemane and of the prayer recorded by John 17 .
The Lord 's Prayer is now comprehensive , the simplest and most universal form of prayer .
Our Heavenly Father , may your name be honored ;
May your kingdom come , and your will be done on earth as it is in Heaven .
Give us this day the bread we need , Forgive us what we owe to you , as we have also forgiven those who owe anything to us .
Keep us clear of temptation , and save us from evil .
In Luke 's far simpler version , 11 .
2 - 4 NIV , it has become : " ' Father , hallowed be your name , your kingdom come .
Give us each day our daily bread .
Forgive us our sins , for we also forgive everyone who sins against us .
And lead us not into temptation . '
Nazarene Transliteration of the Lord's Prayer
Sound Bite in the Ancient Aramaic language Avvon d- bish - maiya , nith - qaddash shim - mukh .
Tih - teh mal - chootukh .
Nih - weh çiw - yanukh : ei-chana d'bish - maiya : ap b'ar - ah .
Haw lan lakh - ma d'soonqa - nan yoo - mana .
O'shwooq lan kho - bein : ei-chana d'ap kh'nan shwiq - qan l'khaya - ween .
Oo 'la te -ellan l'niss - yoona :
il - la paç-çan min beesha .
Mid -til de - di- lukh hai mal - choota
oo khai - la oo tush - bookh - ta
l 'alam al - mein .
Aa-meen .
Oh
Thou , from whom the breath of life comes , who fills all realms of sound , light and vibration .
May
Your light be experienced in my utmost holiest .
Your Heavenly Domain approaches .
Let Your will come true - in the universe ( all that vibrates ) just as on earth ( that is material and dense ) .
Give us wisdom ( understanding , assistance ) for our daily need , detach the fetters of faults that bind us , ( karma ) like we let go the guilt of others .
Let us not be lost in superficial things ( materialism , common temptations ) , but let us be freed from that what keeps us from our true purpose .
From
You comes the all - working will , the lively strength to act , the song that beautifies all and renews itself from age to age .
Sealed in trust , faith and truth .
( I confirm with my entire being )
Click on the arrow to hear the Lord 's prayer in Aramaic Hear the angelic voice of Pascale Sakr sing the Lord 's Prayer in Galilean Aramaic .
To order the CD click here Click here to load player Your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames .
Return to The Nazarene Way main menu
The Nazarene Way of Essenic Studies
Email us at : Comments@TheNazareneWay.com
Join our Essene Holy Communions email list
Sign our Guest Book !
NVIDIA HAS BEEN hinting about the performance of its upcoming GTX480 cards , and several of our moles got a lot of hands on time with a few cards recently .
If you are waiting for killer results from the ‘ puppy ’ , prepare for severe disappointment .
The short story about the woefully delayed GTX480 , and it ’s little sibling the GTX470 is that it is far slower than Nvidia has been hinting at , and there is a lot of work yet to be done before it is salable .
Our sources have a bit of conflicting data , but the vast majority of the numbers line up between them .
Small numbers of final cards have started to trickle in to Nvidia , and it is only showing them to people it considers very friendly for reasons that we will make clear in a bit .
Because of the small circle of people who have access to the data we are going to blur a few data points to protect our sources .
That said , on with the show .
There are two cards , the GTX480 having the full complement of 512 shaders , and the GTX470 with only 448 , which is 64 less for the math impaired .
The clocks for the 480 are either 600MHz or 625MHz for the low or half clock , and double that , 1200MHz or 1250M Hz for the high or hot clock .
Nvidia was aiming for 750/ 1500
M
Hz last spring , so this is a huge miss .
This speed is the first point the sources conflict on , and it could go either way , since both sources were adamant about theirs being the correct final clock .
* sigh * .
On the GTX470 side , there are 448 shaders , and the clocks are set at 625MHz and 1250M Hz in both cases .
If the GTX480 is really at 600 Mhz and 1200MHz , and the GTX470 is slightly faster , it should really make you wonder about the thermals of the chip .
Remember when we said that the GF100 GTX480 chip was having problems with transistors at minimal voltages ?
Basically Nvidia has to crank the voltages beyond what it wanted to keep borderline transistors from flaking out .
The problem is that this creates heat , and a lot of it .
Both of our sources said that their cards were smoking hot .
One said they measured it at 70 C at idle on the 2D clock .
The fans were reported to be running at 70 percent of maximum when idling , a number that is far , far too high for normal use .
Lets hope that this is just a BIOS tweaking issue , and the fans do n’t need to be run that fast .
It would mean GF100 basically can’t downvolt at all on idle .
On the upside , if it ’s any comfort , the noise from the fans at that speed was said to be noticeable , but not annoying .
If you are wondering why Nvidia made such a big deal about GF100 GTX480 certified cases , well , now you know .
Remember , higher temperatures mean more leakage , which means more heat , and then the magic smoke that makes transistors work gets let out in a thermal runaway .
You simply have to keep this beast cool all the time .
While this backs up many of the theories on how Nvidia lost so much clock speed , it is n’t conclusive .
The take home message is that this chip has some very serious thermal problems , and Nvidia is in a box when it comes to what it can do to mitigate the problem .
Now that you know the raw clocks , how does it perform ?
It is a mixed bag , but basically the cards are much below Nvidia ’s original expectations publicly stated as 60 percent faster than Cypress .
The numbers that SemiAccurate were told span a variety of current games , all running at very high resolutions .
Here is where we ca n’t list specifics or the Nvidia Keystone Kops might find their first SemiAccurate mole .
We will bring you the full spreadsheets when the cards are more widespread .
The GTX480 with 512 shaders running at full speed , 600 Mhz or 625M Hz depending on which source , ran on average 5 percent faster than a Cypress HD5870 , plus or minus a little bit .
The sources were not allowed to test the GTX470 , which is likely an admission that it will be slower than the Cypress HD5870 .
There is one bright spot , and it is a very bright spot indeed .
No , not the thermal cap of the chip , but the tessellation performance in Heaven .
On that synthetic benchmark , the numbers were more than twice as fast as the Cypress HD5870 , and will likely beat a dual chip Hemlock HD5970 .
The sources said that this lead was most definitely not reflected in any game or test they ran , it was only in tessellation limited situations where the shaders do n’t need to be used for ‘ real work ’ .
Update :
The games tested DID include DX11 games , and those are still in the 5 % range .
Heaven uses tessellation in a way that games can not , Heaven can utilize far more shaders for tessellation than a normal game can , they have to use them for , well , the game itself .
The performance of Heaven on GTX480 was not reflected in any games tested by our sources , DX9 , 10 , 10.1 or 11 .
The GF100 GTX480 was not meant to be a GPU , it was a GPGPU chip pulled into service for graphics when the other plans at Nvidia failed .
It is far too math DP FP heavy to be a good graphics chip , but roping shaders into doing tessellation is the one place where there is synergy .
This is the only place where the GTX480 stood out from a HD5870 .
The benchmarks that Nvidia showed off at CES were hand - picked for good reason .
They were the only ones that Nvidia could show a win on , something it really needs to capture sales for this card and its derivatives , if any .
There was one problem that the sources pointed to , on Heaven , which was that the benchmark had many visible and quite noticeable glitches .
If you were wondering why Nvidia only showed very specific clips of it at CES , that is why .
DX11 is n’t quite all there yet for the GTX480 .
This is probably why we have been hearing rumors of the card not having DX11 drivers on launch , but we ca n’t see Nvidia launching the chip without them .
Getting back to the selective showings of the GTX480 , there is a good reason for it .
The performance is too close to the HD5870 , so Nvidia will be forced to sell it at HD5870 prices , basically $ 400 .
The GPU is n’t a money maker at this price point , and at best , Nvidia can price it between the $ 400 HD5870 and the $ 600 HD5970 .
The only tools left to deal with this issue are PR and marketing as the chip is currently in production .
If potential buyers get a wide range of benchmarks and correct specs , the conclusion will likely be that the GTX480 equals the HD5870 in performance .
There will be no reviews based upon cards purchased in the wild for months .
The way Nvidia has dealt with this in the past has been to control who gets access to cards and to hand pick the ones sent out .
If you give the GTX480 to honest journalists , they will likely say that the two cards , the GTX480 and the HD5870 , show equivalent performance , so we hear Nvidia is doing its best to keep the GTX480 out of the hands of the honest .
This means that only journalists who are known to follow the “ reviewer ’s guide ” closely , are willing to downplay the negatives , and will hit the important bullet points provided by Nvidia PR will be the ones most likely to gain early access to these cards .
If this sounds unethical to you , it is , and it ’s not the first time .
This is exactly what Nvidia did to cut Anand , Kyle and several others out of the GTS250 at launch .
That worked out so well the last time that Nvidia will probably try it again .
Expect fireworks when some people realize that they have been cut out for telling the truth .
The end result is that the GTX480 is simply not fast enough to deliver a resounding win in anything but the most contrived benchmark scenarios .
It is well within range of a mildly upclocked HD5870 , which is something that ATI can do pretty much on a whim .
The GTX480 can barely beat the second fastest ATI card , and it does n’t have a chance at the top .
GTX480 is too hot , too big , too slow , and lacks anything that would recommend it over a HD5870 , much less the vastly faster HD5970 .
Nvidia is said to be producing only 5,000 to 8,000 of these cards , and it will lose money on each one .
The architecture is wrong , and that is unfixable .
The physical design is broken , and that is not fixable in any time frame that matters .
When you do n’t have anything to show , spin .
Nvidia is spinning faster than it ever has before .
S|A
El coordinador panista en el Senado , Gustavo Madero , acept � que el fuero concedido a los legisladores federales , �se ha desvirtuado por completo� hoy en d�a
Ciudad de M�xico | Jueves 25 de febrero de 2010
Ricardo G�mez y Elena Michel | El Universal
07:37
Famous and famously reclusive author J.D. Salinger has died , his son said in a statement through his literary representative .
He was 91 .
Between 1951 and 1963 , Salinger published just four books -- " The Catcher in the Rye , " " Nine Stories , " " Franny and Zooey " and " Raise High the Roof Beam , Carpenters and Seymour : An Introduction . "
Although tremendously popular , Salinger withdrew from public life , refusing interviews for many decades .
Although he was understood to have continued to write in his isolation , those manuscripts have remained private .
The last public encounter with Salinger was when Joyce Maynard , a Yale freshman , wrote a piece for the New York Times and Salinger wrote her a letter warning of the dangers of publicity .
Maynard , 19 , had a yearlong relationship with the author , then in his early 50s , and later wrote about it in her 1999 memoir , " At Home in the World . "
Despite his seclusion , Salinger 's work remained popular .
For decades , " The Catcher in the Rye " was required reading for students in junior high and high school .
The lively , contradictory voice of the novel 's protagonist , Holden Caufield , was thought to be something adolescent readers could connect to .
" It was so putrid , " Holden says of a movie , " I could n't take my eyes off it . "
No wonder that generations did .
-- Carolyn Kellogg
Read Times staff writer Elaine Woo's obituary on Salinger
Photo : J.D. Salinger in 1951 .
Credit : Associated Press
not
1 . More visible option to not show followers / people you follow on your public profile
2. Ability to block anyone who starts following you
3 . More clarity on which of your followers / people you follow can appear on your public profile
Classic Track : “ Those Were the Days , ” Mary Hopkin
Who could possibly predict that a five - minute recording of a Russian romance song composed in the early 1900s with English lyrics written in the ...
Amy Bishop , neuroscientist , inventor , murder suspect , has become bigger than life , a symbol for those who think that genius is close to madness , or that women cannot get ahead in science , or that tenure systems in universities are brutalizing  or even that progress against fatal diseases is so important that someone like Dr. Bishop should be set free to pursue cures .
At least that is what emerges from hundreds of comments on the Internet about Dr. Bishop , the assistant professor at the University of Alabama in Huntsville charged with shooting six colleagues  three of them fatally  at a faculty meeting on Feb. 12 .
“ Perhaps the saying ‘ There ’s a fine line between genius and insanity ’ has a lot of truth to it , ” George from Pennsylvania wrote at nytimes.com .
Many posted comments like this : “ I do not approve of what Dr. Bishop did , but I understand her frustration . ”
Being denied tenure “ in spite of her contributions past and future , ” the writer added , “ is sufficient to provoke a murderous rage against the chairman and the university . ”
We have to talk ……. about Population Control 17 February , 2010
There was an interesting comment piece in the Irish Times on Tuesday , “ Rising populations are at core of overseas aid issue ” .
My main reaction to it was one of mild surprise that a respected establishment organ was providing a platform for what , for some peculiar reason , seems to be treated as if it were a radical , minority , viewpoint : that we should try to do something about world population growth .
Bizarrely , it seems politically incorrect to advocate population control , even the sort of voluntary control policies advocated by the Optimum Population Trust ( OPT ) .
This quasi-taboo was referred to in a Financial Times editorial last September :
“ For too long population control has been virtually absent from international political discourse .
Leaders have been reluctant to raise the issue for several reasons .
One is fear of the powerful religious lobbies opposed to contraception .
Another is the unfortunate legacy of some over - enthusiastic family planning campaigns in the past , such as India ’s in the 1970s … .
But several factors are now coming together to put family planning back on the global agenda where it belongs .
The most immediate is climate change . ”
The link between climate change and overpopulation should be almost too obvious to be mentioned .
Here ’s what OPT have to say :
“ All serious environmentalists know perfectly well that population growth , exploding in the 20th century , has been a key driver of every environmental problem .
It ’s a fact , not an opinion , that total human impact is the average per person multiplied by the number of people .
“ Yet for far too long , governments and environmental NGOs have observed a taboo – invented in the 1980s by a bizarre coalition of the religious right and the liberal left – on stating this obvious fact .
So they keep on implying that our numbers can grow forever with no ill effects .
It ’s a ‘ silent lie ’ and by encouraging us to ignore the vital need to stabilise our numbers by humane means ( contraception ) before nature does it for us by inhumane , natural means ( famine , disease , war ) this absurd taboo betrays our children . ”
David Attenborough , the world ’s best - known natural history filmmaker , is now adding his voice to those who are calling for action , and has become a patron of OPT .
This was mentioned in another sensible Irish Times piece last July , called “ Planet is buckling under weight of people ” :
“ Behind every threat to the natural world , he says , is ‘ the frightening explosion in human numbers . . .
I ’ve never seen a problem that would n’t be easier to solve with fewer people , or harder – and ultimately impossible – with more . ’ ”
According to the WWF ( World Wide Fund For Nature ) , since the late 1980s the Earth ’s regenerative capacity can no longer keep up with demand – people are turning resources into waste faster than nature can turn waste back into resources .
And recycling is n’t going to crack this on its own .
The Stockholm Environment Institute ( SEI ) has calculated that the net benefit of recycling household waste for the average UK citizen , in terms of its effect on ecological footprint , is 0.07 gha ( Global Hectares ) per capita ( and presumably the effect in Ireland is similar ) .
The ecological footprint is the amount of biologically productive land and sea area needed to regenerate the resources a human population consumes and to absorb and render harmless the corresponding waste .
So while recycling is laudable , its impact is small compared to the figure for the total average UK Footprint per capita , of 5.6 gha ( Global hectares ) .
Effectively , the benefit of a lifetime of recycling is equivalent for the UK to less than 1.25 % of the negative impact of one additional member of the population or , to put it another way , it takes 80 lifetimes of recycling to counteract the ecological damage caused by a typical citizen .
The taboo of talking about limiting population growth is a luxury we ca n’t afford .
Or , more accurately , it ’s a luxury our children and grandchildren wo n’t be able to afford .
View Transcript
Transcript
Boss is stuck in the ductwork .
Dilbert says , " The turbo blower kicks in after the lubricant cycle . "
Dilbert says , " We 're sure he 's already dead , right ? "
The Boss says , " Help ! "
Alice says , " Arguably , the real crime here would be building a machine this cool and not using it . "
The Boss says , " Can anyone hear me ? "
Even though Mike Judge was n’t happy with the end result , I always thought we owed Fox a little credit for allowing “ Idiocracy ” his biting , dystopian satire into the theaters .
It ca n’t be easy to market a movie that insults the most valued demographic ( young males ) and potential advertisers ( Starbucks , Carl Jr’s , Costco , Gatorade , etc ) .
But I guess Idiocracy was just a test - run of future FOX programming .
Behold : “ World Record Kick to the Groin : ”
I did n’t like Idiocracy that much on the first viewing , but it ’s a movie better appreciated on repeat viewings .
Probably because by the time you ’ve watched it again , society seems to have slowly edged a little bit closer to Mike Judge ’s vision .
Well , Fox Sports pretty much said , screw it , let ’s just go all in .
More analysis from Gawker ’s Maureen O’ Connor .
( I ’m definitely not too cultured for this kind of explanatory TV .
MythBusters needs to do their own version )
Bird knows when its beat ...:)
Word Repair Tool - Repair Word Documents
Recover Data for Word - Word Recovery Software for repair
Word file & restore data from it
Recover Data for Microsoft
Word is an advanced
Word file repair software , designed to repair corrupt Word document files created by any of the version of Microsoft Word like 2010 , 2007 , 2003 , 2002 ( XP ) , 2000 , 97 & 95 .
This impeccable software is powered by new techniques and features that leads towards the successful recovery process .
The software possesses fully automated functionalities , which demands negligible human efforts .
Impressive single & multiple doc recovery & docx recovery is possible with this Word repair software .
The effective file restoration software repairs and recovers complete data from damaged Word documents such as text , tables , images , embedded images , bulleted lists , drawings , charts , hyperlinks , OLE objects , etc .
The software preserves the integrity of the files throughout the recovery process .
This software is executable on any of the Windows operating systems .
With the help of this powerful tool , file that gets deleted or becomes unusable due to any of the event of data corruption , can be easily repaired and restored .
Recover Data for Word serves with the following advanced features :
Repair corrupted , damaged or inaccessible Word document files .
Multiple .doc & .docx files have repaired at a time in few steps .
Recovers text , formatting , table , bulleted lists , embedded images , charts , drawings , hyperlinks , OLE objects , photos & other objects of Word documents .
Recovers headers , footers , footnotes & sub- headers of Word file .
Preview data of recovered document before saving .
Saving of repaired document data in RTF ( rich text format ) , HTML & Text .
Supports Microsoft Word 2010 , 2007 , 2003 , 2002 ( XP ) , 2000 , 97 & MS Word 95 .
Software preserves the originality ( formatting ) of data during repairing & recovery process .
Word batch file repair is possible with this Microsoft Word recovery tool .
No technical skill required for operate or run this Microsoft Word repair software .
Easy user interface & instant Microsoft Word file recovery wizard .
Free download demo version of Recover Data for Word document repair software to repair word files and to know , how easily Word file recovery software will repair corrupt word documents & recover Word data in few steps .
This MS
Word repair program has been enriched with foremost features along with the attractive GUI ( Graphics User Interface ) that helps users to perform recovery with utmost ease .
Even if the Word file gets corrupted , damaged or becomes inaccessible due to disastrous factors like :-
Template corruption ( especially Global Template )
Complex nested tables
Use of features like Document Map or Fast Saves
Low system resources
Unexpected shutdown
Virus attack
Third - party software interaction
The wondrous file repair program , repairs the .doc /.docx documents even if the below mentioned messages displays on the user 's computer screen :
" The document name or path is not valid .
Try these suggestions .
Check the file permissions for the document or drive .
Use the File Open dialog box to locate the document . "
" Word can not open the document . "
" Word cannot open the document : user does not have access privileges . "
&
When you attempt to open a Microsoft Word 97 document into Microsoft Word version 6.x or 7.x , the document contains garbage characters .
Instant and Simple Recovery Process :
Select damage or corrupt MS Word document .
Select the Word document recovery mode .
Preview repaired file data in 4 previews ( .doc ) & 2 previews ( .docx ) .
Save repaired MS Word file .
Before you buy , try free demo edition of this dexterous
Word file repair tool to learn the recovery process as well as to gain confidence for the full edition .
The demo key displays all the repaired files , from where relevant data can be cross-checked .
Recover Data guarantees , recovery of all the displayed files .
MS Word Recovery Software - System Requirements & Supports
Hardware Requirements
Minimum 256 MB of Space
At least 10 MB of Disk Space
Supports - All MS Office Versions
Microsoft Word 95 , 97 , 2000 , 2002 ( XP ) , 2003 , 2007 & Word 2010
Supports - Windows Operating Systems
Windows 2000/2003/XP / Vista/ Windows 7 / Windows 8 / Windows Server 2008
Download & Buy - MS Word File Repair Software
A forensic psychologist , Karen Franklin 's dual interests in psychology and the law brought her to question the roots of anti-gay hate crimes .
Her interviews with perpetrators and with San Francisco Bay Area college students provide badly needed empirical data on the nature and extent of negative reactions to gays .
What makes a person become a gay - basher ?
There 's no simple answer to that question .
In order to commit any kind of violent act , one has to have a propensity toward violence , probably engendered in childhood or early adult socialization .
The choice of a gay target , in particular , can be based on a number of different motivation .
. . .
There were four over - arching motivations that most of the assaults could be boiled down to .
The first one was peer dynamics , where people in groups often commit an act to prove something to peers , for example , to prove masculinity , or to prove heterosexuality , or just to not back down and let one 's peers down .
Camaraderie and friendship , those types of things .
The next most common motivation that I found was what I called " anti-gay ideology . "
That 's what most people people think of when they think of anti-gay crimes of bias -- people who have some . . . ideological motive or agenda , either religious or moral , or some kind of disgust for homosexuality .
Do you have to necessarily have a lot of anti-gay beliefs to actually participate in a bashing incident ?
Some people who participate have no more anti-gay animosity than most people who do n't .
I 've found , in interviewing perpetrators , that some adamantly support gay civil rights , for example , which is a real surprise to a lot of people .
But there are so many different reasons one can get caught up in an anti-gay crime .
Peer dynamics is one factor .
Also , without animosity , one could be thrill - seeking , which is more going out and trying to have a good time at somebody else 's expense -- often young people who feel socially alienated or powerless in their lives .
When you found that people had very negative feelings about gays , what were those feelings , and what were they based on ?
They could be based on several different things , and they usually converge .
Sometimes it was religious beliefs , or moral beliefs .
Some assailants endorsed the idea that gay people spread AIDS .
Some said that they had a feeling of disgust for gay people .
In general , I think they 're endorsing a cultural message that gay people are second - class citizens and not worthy of respect .
. . .
Why choose to actually go where the victim is -- to gay areas , to cruising areas , to bars ?
A lot of people have pointed out that , in violence against other minority groups , people do n't tend to go where they are to harass them or abuse them .
There is the perception that homosexuals are a socially acceptable target .
Repeatedly , when young people are asked , they will justify and defend targeting gay people as . . .
There 's a belief nowadays that it 's not so cool to assault racial minorities .
It 's not so cool to assault women , or Jews .
But assaulting gays is actually something humorous to a lot of young people .
It 's probably the last socially acceptable group to assault .
Part of it is related to the fact that discrimination against gays is still legalized and encoded .
That sends a message to young people that , if gays do n't have equal rights in employment , housing , child custody , the military , or marriage , then there 's something wrong with them , and nobody 's going to mind if we have some fun at their expense .
. . .
When you conducted your studies around the Bay area , did you find the sense that gays made socially acceptable targets ?
I did .
That was interesting , because the Bay area is a very progressive , liberal area , and I found strong endorsement for gay civil rights among my survey respondents .
But I still found an overwhelming amount of anti-gay behaviors .
Name - calling is especially very ubiquitous .
About 70 percent of respondents said that their male friends had done name - calling .
So , everybody knew people who targeted gays for at least name - calling , if not more physical acts .
And again , it 's not so much that the individuals harbor hatred and resentment .
It 's more that there 's a cultural backdrop in which it 's really permissible , if not very cool , to assault or harass gays .
. . .
One out of ten of the college students -- and this is a non-criminal young adult population -- said that they had either threatened or actually physically assaulted somebody they thought was a gay man or a lesbian .
One out of ten ?
One out of ten .
And another 24 percent reported name - calling .
So more than a third reported some type of anti-gay behavior .
I had no idea that was going to be that high .
Among male respondents , it was even higher , about 50 percent .
So , about half .
And this is in a really liberal area .
Right , exactly .
And the other thing that surprised me was perceived self - defense popping up as an important factor .
I had . . . no idea that they would say that it was the gay person 's fault .
Tell me exactly what you mean by " perceived self - defense . "
Most commonly , respondents said that they were defending themselves against sexual predation .
When I analyzed my findings , my conclusion was that they were perceiving some kind of affront -- most often , sexual , although not always -- but flirtation or physical contact .
How did they describe the affront to you ?
What were they interpreting as advances ?
I talked with a lot of the students afterwards in the group discussion setting .
It was eye contact and body language , which are very subjective to interpret , right ?
One can jump to a lot of conclusions .
Most of these kids had a stereotype of gays as sexual predators .
So , if one has that stereotype , and then one sees somebody that one believes or knows to be gay , one 's going to interpret what that person does as flirtation , or come- ons , or pickups .
I think that 's what was happening .
The second part is , once there 's the perceived flirtation , whether or not it 's real , there 's a belief that it 's okay to respond physically , with a physical assault .
Why is that ?
Why is having a pass made at you permission to hit somebody ?
Because of homophobia in our culture .
That is a very , very firm belief , which individuals repeatedly would state to me verbally , and really emphatically , as if to say , " Well , do n't you understand that this is necessary ?
It 's not a choice on my part whether I hit this person .
If they 're going to come on to me , I have to hit them , because otherwise I 'm a chump or a sissy , or I 'm like a woman .
I 'm not standing up for myself . "
Young men said this to me , and they really believe this .
I do n't think that they 're making this up .
This is their mindset , that they are being victimized .
So if they perceive that a gay man is making a pass at them , they absolutely had to hit that person ?
That 's what they believe .
. . .
Because of mandatory norms about masculinity in our culture , and about heterosexuality , there 's not any room for these young men to express anything other than very rigid gender norms , or to allow anybody else to do anything else in their presence .
What was the percentage of your respondents who agreed with that -- that if someone made a pass at them , they 'd have to assault them ?
I asked non-assailants -- about a third of the respondents and the majority were non-assailants -- whether they would ever consider harassing or assaulting a gay man or a lesbian .
About a third of those said that if they were flirted with or propositioned , they would .
And these are non-assailants .
. . .
It 's a really , really widespread cultural belief that if one is flirted with by a gay man or a lesbian , or propositioned , that justifies , if not makes necessary , a physical response .
. . .
I knew about those stereotypes in our culture , but I really did n't know how powerful they were .
That surprised me .
I think these types of crimes are going to continue until that cultural stereotype of the gay person -- a sexual predator , a solely sexual being who 's always on the prowl for victims -- is somehow dispensed with .
What made you want to do this work , anyway ?
I had read a lot about the topic .
I worked in the past as a criminal investigator and as a private investigator , and I 'd even worked on some of these cases , so I got to know people who had committed anti-gay crimes .
I realized that the motivations were complex .
At the same time , a lot of people who were doing research on " gay bashings " were making some assumptions about the motivation , based on their work with victims .
Nobody had been talking directly to the perpetrators .
I thought it would be important for somebody to look at perpetrators themselves , in order to understand what 's driving them .
Is that a mistake that the media makes ?
We look at the Matthew Shepard case , or the Billy Jack Gaither case , and we immediately say , " Aha !
It 's all anti-gay feelings , and is n't this horrible " -- like it 's all sort of black - and - white ?
Definitely .
Some of these cases have such strong symbolism , like the Matthew Shepard case , that it 's hard to get beyond that really stark black - and - white response , and to look at the subtleties of the young men who committed the crime -- where they were coming from , what cultural messages they had taken in , where their lives were headed anyhow - - irrespective of that particular crime .
The main mistake is just focusing on these extreme , very heinous cases , and ignoring the everyday harassment that goes on nonstop all day long , every day , such as in the schools .
Why is it so bad in schools ?
It 's ubiquitous .
It 's everywhere , all the time .
And it 's extremely harmful .
. . .
The day - to - day things that go on in the schools are very harmful , psychologically , to young people , forcing them to quit school .
A lot of drug and alcohol problems can be traced to that .
There 's suicide attempts and completed suicides by gay or lesbian youngsters , and by kids who are perceived as violating gender norms , whether or not they 're really gay .
What does in mean , in plain language , to violate a gender norm ?
It means there are very , very rigid rules , unspoken rules -- and , in some cases , spoken rule -- about what is okay for a boy or girl to do or say .
They 're imposed on children at a very young age , and children know these things .
It 's incorporated into their self - image from as early as kindergarten or first grade , I believe .
Kids who do n't fit in , whether they can't or they choose not to , are relentlessly tortured at this day - to - day level by their peers .
And not much is telling the peers that it 's not okay to be doing this kind of harassment .
In some of your work , you mentioned that the perpetrators felt like they were enforcing gender norms .
What does that mean ?
Perpetrators feel that they are entitled , if not expected , to help to punish people who are stepping out of bounds for their male role or their female role .
In one example , I asked a young man why he had committed an anti-gay crime , and he said , " This man was wearing lipstick and high heels .
What do you expect me to do ? "
Within his social circle , it was obvious that if you see a guy looking like that , you should kick him .
How do you answer that ?
I kept trying to rephrase the question -- but why ?
But why ?
And he just kept repeating a physical description of the victim , as if common sense would tell me that he had to do this .
As I said earlier on , a person who does n't come from a violent lifestyle may not attack that person physically , but they 're certainly going to do the name - calling and the harassment , and let that person know that their behavior is not okay .
. . .
How does your work in the non-criminal student population in a very liberal area connect with what you 've seen from people who 've actually been assailants ?
There 's a real strong connection .
It 's a kind of continuum .
A law - abiding young adult , who 's in college and wanting to succeed in their life , is not going to go out and , say , kill Matthew Shepard .
But the attitudes may be similar .
Indeed , some non-assailants told me that the reason that they did n't do these acts is because they did n't want to get caught , or they did n't want to catch AIDS .
. . .
People actually said to you , " I would have done it if . . . "
One of my survey questions for non-assailants was , " What keeps you from doing these types of acts ? "
Some people said , " Well , belief in civil liberties ; because it 's morally wrong ; because I 'm a non-violent person . "
But a minority of the non-assailants also had not - so - positive reasons for restraint .
You asked about the connection , and I think that 's it .
Obviously , more violent people are going to commit more violent acts .
But the cultural norms that underlie these types of crimes are there for everybody .
. . .
So what can we do ?
It has to be more than targeting the people who commit the extreme acts .
It has to be more a changing of the stereotype of gays as sexual predators , changing the idea that that kind of harassment in the schools is okay , and that it 's just kids being kids , and it 's not very harmful .
How about changing the notion of what masculinity is ?
The primary motivation that I found was peer dynamics .
Underlying that is the idea of proving one 's masculinity to peers , oftentimes for young men .
. . .
In order to change from a boy to a man , one has to prove that one is masculine , and one way to do that is to assault gays .
. . .
A lot of people in the gay community feel that . . . gay - bashers are actually reacting because of their own internalized homosexuality that they 're repressing .
I did not find that to be the case for the majority of assailants .
But it is the case , probably for a minority .
. . .
What struck you the most about the similarities between the non-criminal population that you studied , and the criminal population ?
And what was the main difference between the two ?
The similarity is that I do n't think , just because a person commits a violent crime , that their attitudes and beliefs are necessarily that different from anybody else 's in our culture .
That 's an important distinction that a lot of people do n't understand .
They think that the individual , let 's say , who murdered Matthew Shepard , is definitely filled with hatred .
It 's probably more accurate to say that this is a person who 's very socially marginalized , has lived a life of violence , and has a criminal history -- someone who is basically taking the express train to the penitentiary .
That 's the similarity .
. .
The things that I found are so culturally predominant in our culture .
It 's not deviant psychology .
It 's social psychology .
It 's what the majority of young people believe .
It 's a mistake to focus on the big crimes , because the attitudes that allow those types of crimes may potentially be more helpfully dealt with at a different level .
. . .
It 's a mistake to always look elsewhere for causes and not look at what 's close at hand .
Yes .
As a matter of fact , when I was a teenager , I knew some young men who committed gay bashings .
I knew , from knowing these young men , that they did n't have particularly extreme attitudes ; they were n't members of any hate groups .
They just were thinking of these behaviors as a lark , going out , drinking and having some fun .
. . .
They were likeable young men ; people I could bring over to my parents ' house and my parents would like them .
Knowing that gave me a little bit of a heads - up on knowing that it 's not all about hate -- it 's more complicated than that .
For every Batman , there 's a Matter - Eater Lad .
For every X - Men , there 's a Legion of Super - Pets .
There are comic book characters and groups who make it big , and there are those who never find a lasting audience .
Only now and then do the obscure characters get noticed , and even more rarely do they get the big - screen treatment ( Blade is the notable exception ) .
Here are ten superheroes there 's a good chance you 've never heard of , but that we at GeekDad think are good enough to carry a movie .
Please feel free to list your own entries in a comment , or make some casting suggestions .
1. Machine Man :
He 's a sentient robot with flight , super strength , speed , vision , and reflexes .
He can put special tools in his fingers , including a gun and all kinds of scientific equipment .
In one story , he falls in love with another sentient robot .
There 's all kinds of potential here , and he even has a human identity as Aaron Stack , an insurance investigator .
2 .
Squirrel Girl :
She has a squirrel tail and squirrel teeth and can control squirrels by talking to them .
And she carries nuts in her utility belt .
Silly , you say ?
Well , sure , but Ghost Rider is a guy with a burning skull for a head who rides around on a motorcycle , so silly is clearly not a bar to superhero movies .
Seriously , though , we think her story would make a great kids ' movie .
3. normalman :
He 's a powerless man in a world where everybody else has super powers .
This could be played for laughs , like in the comic books he comes from , or it could be rewritten as a dark satire .
4. Coldblood :
He 's a cyborg with the ability to interface with computer systems , in addition to superhuman fighting skills and a ray gun in his arm .
Plus , he 's got a heck of an origin story , which the Marvel link describes in detail , including love , war , and robots .
What more could you ask for in a movie ?
5 . The Creeper : He 's sort of a heroic version of the Joker , only with powers .
He 's got the crimefighting to drive the plot , and the insanity to offer a cool twist .
Plus , he operates in Gotham City , so a Batman crossover would be easy to engineer .
6 . The Question : Frankly , we can't figure out why nobody 's made this one yet .
He 's got Batman 's no-powers - just - skills - and - grit thing going , only without all the cool gadgets .
Plus , when in character he has no face !
The only problem with making this one now is that the Watchmen movie is coming out soon , and The Question looks too much like Rorschach ( since Rorschach was based on The Question , this is hardly surprising ) .
7. GrimJack :
He 's a rogue with a rich past who kicks ass in a pan-dimensional city full of strange characters .
The movie would practically write itself .
8. Cloak & Dagger : He 's an African - American teenage boy from South Boston ; she 's an overprivileged teenage white girl from the Midwest .
They meet when he returns her stolen purse and become partners in fighting crime after they gain powers through a series of experiments .
There 's really something for everyone here .
9. Azrael : No , not Gargamel 's cat .
In addition to the obvious tie - in with Batman , he 's a good choice for a movie on his own .
He kicks ass , has flaming swords , and is seriously screwed up in the head .
It would take a heck of an actor to pull off a role like this , but if someone could , the movie would rock .
10 . Girl Genius ( Agatha Heterodyne ) : A strong female character .
An awesomely spectacular steampunk - style world .
Mad scientists .
The only thing that a movie would lose would be Phil Foglio 's amazing art .
But this could be the female - led superhero movie ( though she 's far from a traditional superhero ) that succeeds where others have failed .
Having walked out of a good job in England in November , what does a budding Entrepeneur do next ?
How does he keep the grin on his face ?
Well , he meets a group of very well heeled people who show him that there is another way ……….
Live and work amongst people who are happy , positive and do n’t know the meaning of “ negative ” , “ boring ” and “ inspiring ” .
I ’ll be arriving in Ho Chi Minh City in January and want to join as many networks as possible , especially the Chambers , business clubs and networking events including the BNI .
Any help or guidance would be greatly appreciated .
The coffee is on me when I get there .
This is going to be my business : http://www.contactvietnamcompanies.com
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Tags : vietnam business , vietnam companies
February 1 , 2010
Dear Friend of Liberty ,
An analysis published by the Cato Institute on January 21 offers a variety of statistics to support the notion that Americans are becoming more libertarian , and that they are becoming more comfortable with the word “ libertarian ” itself .
I thought this study was very interesting , and I encourage you to take a look at it .
According to the study , a 2006 Zogby poll posed the following question to a sample of voters : “ Would you describe yourself as fiscally conservative and socially liberal , also known as libertarian ? ”
Apparently 44 % of the respondents said “ yes ” !
That ’s very encouraging to me , because I had thought the word “ libertarian ” was scary or confusing to most people .
I doubt that all of those 44 % really have political views that I would describe as libertarian , but I think it ’s great that they feel comfortable with the libertarian label .
The authors of the study used a different poll to determine how many voters are actually libertarian .
According to their criteria , about 15 % of voters are libertarian .
I think one of the most important jobs of the Libertarian Party is to make sure that libertarian voters are voting for Libertarian Party candidates .
There is a lot of untapped potential out there .
Obviously , the Republicans and Democrats in Washington are not making voters happy .
Fewer and fewer voters are identifying as Republicans or Democrats .
We need to find those voters who are libertarians , and get them to join us in our effort to bring liberty back to America .
What can you do to help ?
A lot of things .
You can join the LP or make a contribution .
You can become a Libertarian candidate , which will give you great opportunities to express Libertarian viewpoints to the public .
You can volunteer locally with your Libertarian Party affiliate .
Even something as simple as putting a bumper sticker on your car that says “ Libertarian ” is great .
( In fact , some marketing and campaign professionals estimate that ’s worth at least $ 200 in advertising ! )
Whatever the level of involvement you ’re comfortable with , please try to do something .
Sincerely ,
Wes Benedict
Executive Director
Libertarian National Committee
P.S. If you have not yet become a member of the Libertarian Party and
wish to do so , please click here and join the only political party
dedicated to free markets and civil liberties .
If you need to renew ,
please click here .
If you would like to make a contribution separate
from membership , please click here .
The long war between Microsoft and Macintosh is almost over .
It will end when Microsoft ships Office for Mac 2011 , the release that ends Redmond 's decade - long attack on Apple computers in business .
Office 2011 , due before the holidays , replaces the much - despised Entourage e-mail client and information manager with a real version of Microsoft Outlook created for Macintosh .
When that happens , Mac users become full participants on their companies '
Exchange - based e-mail systems .
End of the Mac as a second - class corporate citizen .
Microsoft could have done this previously , but used Entourage to create a barrier between Mac users and Exchange .
Given the issue persisted for a decade , the incompatibility must be considered intentional .
This nonsense went on much too long and Microsoft still deserves roasting for having pulled such a stunt in the first place .
So , no congratulations from me .
Entourage appeared in 2000 , replacing the previous Outlook Express that shipped with Office 98 .
Asked why they did n't just offer a new Mac version of Outlook , Microsoft replied that Entourage was intended for a different audience than Outlook served .
That " new audience " being Mac users who did n't need to connect to Exchange , which left out a huge number of potential Windows - to - Mac converts over the decade .
Intentionally crippled as a client for Exchange servers , Entourage was a sure way of keeping Macs from expanding their presence in businesses large enough to use Exchange and Outlook .
( Wikipedia does a good job of explaining this history ) .
The incompatibilities diminished somewhat over the years .
Until 2003 , Entourage could not connect to an Exchange server at all .
Today , server - side rules are still not supported , nor is synchronization of tasks and notes .
Entourage also relies upon its own user interface , which is quite unlike Outlook .
Critically , Entourage cannot import Outlook post office ( . PST ) files created on a Windows machine , making it impossible to easily move a user 's messages from Windows to Macintosh .
Office 2011 , being discussed this week at Macworld Expo in San Francisco , deals with these issues , finally giving Macs status as first - class participants in companies using Exchange e-mail .
If you 'd like to learn more about Office 2011 -- which looks quite nice and brings Mac users closer to the Windows Office experience -- let me refer you to Dan Miller 's story from Macworld and a podcast interview with Eric Wilfrid , the general manager of Microsoft 's Mac Business Unit .
" Nowadays , compatibility means more than just file formats , " Microsoft 's Kurt Schmucker told Miller .
" It 's also workflow , collaboration , and user interface . "
Nowadays ?
Compatibility always meant workflow , collaboration , user interface , and feature set -- another area where Office 2011 is described as more like a Windows version .
After a decade of crippling the Mac as a business computer , Microsoft is now embracing it .
Or at least has decided there are enough Windows and Office users who also use Macs to make improved compatibility something now in Microsoft 's best interest .
David Coursey has been writing about technology products and companies for more than 25 years .
He tweets as @techinciter and may be contacted via his Web site .
Debora Spencer , a Seattle photographer , split up this summer with a longtime boyfriend with whom she lived for four years .
Like many exes , she grappled with whether to remain Facebook friends .
“ At first I could not defriend him , ” she said .
“ It seemed so high school .
I mean , I ’m 50 years old . ”
Image Credit ... David Plunkert
Early in the relationship , Ms. Spencer ’s partner had friended many of her Facebook pals so their networks overlapped .
After the breakup , she still received his status updates and read comments he posted on her friends ’ walls .
That made her realize that he knew everything she was doing , too .
So she defriended him , hoping it would stop the flow of news .
It did n’t .
One friend continued to forward her ex’s status reports and comments .
Another called Ms. Spencer after seeing a photograph of her former boyfriend with another woman .
“ It ’s not like I wanted to know this , ” Ms. Spencer said .
Finally , she decided to block her ex completely and asked friends to stop sending updates .
“ You learn things so quickly , within minutes , ” she said .
“ Even if we had lived together in a small town , I do n’t think I would have learned half of what I did as quickly as I did on Facebook . ”
Still , with any failed romance , there is always the temptation to follow up with an ex .
And social networks , by design , sate hungry curiosity .
Sally Che , a 25 - year - old medical student at George Washington University , ended a possible romance three years ago after the man started dating a former girlfriend .
( Ms. Che learned about the affair in a status update on his Facebook page . )
She has n’t spoken to him in years and has no desire to restart their relationship .
Despite that , the two remain Facebook friends .
And , every now and then , and against her better judgment , she said , she trolls his page seeking fresh news .
“ The temptation is to look and find out what someone is up to even if it hurts , ” Ms. Che said .
“ People who you would never talk to again are only a click away .
You see where they are traveling .
You check out the picture of the new girlfriend to see if he downgraded .
There is this fine line between being that crazy girl who de-tags photos and gets rid of every little thing and the one who willingly continues the charade of friendship . ”
This weekend I ’m a bit busy again , however Roman M has done an interesting post on combining surface station anomalies .
— — — –
Combining Stations ( Plan B )
In his post on combining station monthly temperature series , Tamino proposes a method for calculating an “ offset ” for each station .
This offset is intended to place the series for the stations all on at the same level .
The reason that makes such an accommodation necessary is the fact that there are often missing values in a given record – sometimes for complete years at a stretch .
Simple averages in such a situation can provide a distorted view of what the overall picture looks like .
In his proposed “ optimal ” method , Tamino suggests a procedure based on least square methods to calculate a set of coefficients for shifting a station record up or down before calculating a combined series for the set of stations .
The starting point is a sum of squares ( which for calculational and discussion purposes I have rewritten in a slightly different form ) :
Here ,
i ( and j ) = 1 , 2 , … , r , = the station identifiers for a set of r stations
t = 1 , 2 , … , N , = the time ( i.e. year and month ) of the observation
x i ( t ) = the observed temperature at station i at time t
µ i = the offset value which is subtracted from station i
δ i ( t ) = indicator of whether x i ( t ) is missing ( 0 ) or available ( 1 )
In essence , the Sum of Squares measures the squared differences between the “ adjusted ” temperatures of every pair of available stations at each time with each pair weighted equally .
The estimated offsets minimize this sum .
The mathematically adept person will recognize that the solution for the individual µ’s is not unique , however the differences between them are .
Tamino chooses to set µ 1 = 0 to choose a specific solution .
Read the rest here
Eighteen senators now aboard push
Eighteen Democratic senators have now signed onto a proposal pushing the party ’s leadership to pass a public option health care plan using a Senate procedure that requires fewer than sixty votes .
The latest senator to join the push is Sen. Jeanne Shaheen ( D - NH ) .
The letter , authored by Sen. Michael Bennett ( D - CO ) , urges Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) to pass a government - run health care plan using reconciliation , under which Democrats could enact certain elements of their health care plan with only 51 votes .
ADVERTISEMENT
Shaheen joined Sen. Chuck Schumer ( D - NY ) , Barbara Mikulski ( D - MD ) and Frank Lautenberg ( D - NJ ) on Thursday .
Others who have signed the letter : Sens. Sheldon Whitehouse ( RI ) , Sherrod Brown ( OH ) , Kirsten Gillibrand ( NY ) , Jeff Merkley ( OR ) , Bernie Sanders ( VT ) , Al Franken ( MN ) , Patrick Leahy ( VT ) , John Kerry ( MA ) , Dianne Feinstein ( CA ) , Barbara Boxer ( CA ) , Jack Reed ( RI ) , Roland Burris ( IL ) , and Tom Udall ( NM ) .
Obama Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow Thursday night that the White House would fight for the so - called public option if it were passed using the reconciliation procedure .
“ If it ’s part of the decision of the Senate leadership to move forward , absolutely , ” she told Maddow .
She added that the “ president said from the outset he thought that was a great way to provide cost reduction and competition , but if that is not the choice of the majority moving forward , there are other ways to get there . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The signatories urge Senate Majority Leader Reid to “ bring for a vote before the full Senate a public health insurance option under budget reconciliation rules . ”
The public option , which has been the topic of explosive controversy throughout the health care deliberations , was passed in the House legislation but eliminated from the Senate version that was later approved .
ADVERTISEMENT
The whole process hit a gridlock in January after the election of Republican Scott Brown to the senate , which gave the party the votes it needed to filibuster the final motion .
The letter continues , “ There are four fundamental reasons why we support this approach – its potential for billions of dollars in cost savings ; the growing need to increase competition and lower costs for the consumer ; the history of using reconciliation for significant pieces of health care legislation ; and the continued public support for a public option . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
With Republicans poised to block another senate motion , Democrats have discussed using reconciliation — which would require a simple majority of 51 senators — to amend the bill before the House holds a final vote .
A December poll found that six in ten Americans support the provision .
The liberal advocacy groups Progressive Change Campaign Committee and Democracy For America have endorsed the letter , which also encourages citizens to sign in the support of the idea .
One hundred and nineteen members of Congress have also signed it .
Next Thursday President Obama will convene a bipartisan summit with Republican leaders to discuss the two parties ’ differences on the legislation .
After initially equivocating , Republicans have confirmed they will attend .
ADVERTISEMENT
Sen. Bernie Sanders ( D - VT ) told Raw Story he ’d join the movement Wednesday , when he became the 10th senator to do so .
With earlier reporting by Sahil Kapur .
IGN 's End Bosses interview series offers intimate , candid conversations with the men and women shaping the videogame industry , from executive decision makers influencing the biggest and most important publishers and developers to the creative minds that bring forth and nurture genre - changing and blockbuster software .
This week , we talk with Sony 's senior vice president of marketing and the man in charge of the PlayStation Network , Peter Dille .
We talk about the future of the PSN , the company 's launch missteps and Sony 's continued push to overtake the Xbox 360 .
: I 'm thinking back to that point in time .
I think there was a lot of focus from our previous ad agency on communicating the power of the PS3 .
There was also a lot of discussion about being provocative for provocativeness 's sake .
And really just getting people to want to learn more about the system .
It was an ad that was not intended to convey everything you need to know about the PS3 , but just get people talking .
I think it did that .
It was also part of a broader effort -- that whole white room campaign .
It was really just an introductory effort that people really seemed to feel passionately about -- and still to this day .
Peter Dille , SVP of marketing and the PlayStation Network , SCEA . : Deutsch LA is the agency responsible for the new ads .
They were n't our ad agency for the initial campaign that we just spoke of .
We 'd been with our old agency for many , many years and I think oftentimes , clients and agencies -- after great partnerships of more than a decade -- decide to see other people and make a change .
Deutsch came in and , frankly , what I was looking for was a campaign that really encapsulated everything the PS3 can do .
It became very clear both from our own observation and a lot of market research that because of how powerful the PS3 was and is , it 's really kind of impossible to encapsulate everything it can do in one 30 - second ad .
So what we were looking for was an ongoing campaign .
We wanted to have a conversation with consumers .
We wanted to reestablish the PlayStation 's brand mojo , if you will .
The brand has always been one that people have a special place in their heart for and it was n't foreboding ; it was welcoming , open and funny .
We 've got a long history of ads like that and that was a big part of what we were looking for .
Really harkening back to that PS2 brand that was quite frankly ubiquitous .
We came up with this whole ' It only does everything ' campaign and the whole Kevin Butler effort not accidentally .
Because this was a campaign that was incredibly well researched .
We had this idea right under our nose because we had used Kevin Butler with the MLB launch .
The agency came back and said , " We think we 've got something here .
We can work with a spokesperson like Kevin to communicate everything the PS3 can do and have a conversation with consumers . "
There were a lot of misunderstandings about what the PS3 could do .
I 'll go back to the format war between Blu-ray and HD - DVD .
People did n't know what Blu-ray was .
People did n't know what this powerful machine was all about .
And we needed a campaign that could kind of walk people through it step by step .
So very literally we have a campaign where consumers are contacting and asking us very specific questions about what the PS3 can do and Kevin Butler is our ultimate answer - man who not only addresses the question but has a lot of fun doing it .
We think that combined with the tagline of ' It only does everything , ' it really is something that crystalizes the message .
It 's been tremendously successful .
Consumers love it .
It 's great to hear people like you guys love it .
And the results are really in the sales because it 's really been flying since this coincided in September with the launch of the new PS3 . : Yeah .
You may have seen -- we just launched one for MAG .
So that 's out there now .
From my perspective , this is a campaign that has a lot of life left it in and a lot of legs .
We love the campaign and we love what it 's doing for the PS3 .
Frankly , ' It only does everything ' is kind of a future proof message in and of itself .
We talked about future proof technology and 10 - year life cycles .
And if you think about what 's on the rise for PS3 with motion - controlled gaming , that fits right into this positioning that ' It only does everything . '
' It only does everything ' means everything it does up until today , but when motion control comes onto the scene , the message ties directly into that type of functionality as well .
You can expect to see Kevin Butler inject a lot of life into the PlayStation brand between now and the rest of the year . : Kaz [ Kazuo Hirai , Chairman and CEO , SCEA ] came onto the scene and he wanted to align the platforms around familiar nomenclature .
You 've got PS2 , PSP and PS3 .
This kind of brought that into the family of logos and icons .
It was n't much more than that , to be honest . :
I think the biggest win is just the trajectory that the product is on .
We talk about the 10 - year life cycle .
I think sometimes the press maybe thinks it 's a talking point that Julie [ Han , corporate communications , SCEA -- also present for this interview ] makes me say .
That 's not the case .
It 's something that we believe in .
We 've done it twice already with PS1 and PS2 .
We 've talked about it .
Even going back to the launch of the PS3 , we kind of reminded people : it 's a marathon , not a sprint .
And at this point we 're at 31 million units worldwide , 11 million here in the U.S. and I think that we 've got the product to a point where the manufacturing efficiencies are in place and the volumes so that we can get the price down to where it is today at a point where consumers are responding to .
It 's resonating like never before .
We 're well on the way to where we want to be on the platform .
We 've got the software support from a first - party perspective .
The third - parties are making some great games .
We 're off to the races .
I think the PlayStation Network has also grown into its own .
We 're up to 40 million registered users worldwide on the PlayStation Network .
There is nothing but momentum behind the PS3 at this point .
I could go on and on , but you 'll probably want me to shut up at some point .
You know , we 've got two consecutive years where the Game of the Year for the category is on the PS3 platform .
Of course , Uncharted 2 and last year it was LittleBigPlanet .
Our first - party studios are hitting it out of the park .
We just shipped MAG .
We 're about to ship God of War [ 3 ] , which is going to just completely blow people away and be a big driver for the platform .
We 've got GT5 coming later this year .
Everyone is just extremely excited about what 's going on with PS3 . :
Well , it 's not a failure in that it was fatal , but it 's well - documented that we did n't have as smooth a launch as we would have liked to .
I think we primed the pump with a lot of interest in the platform .
People can point to the ads and whatnot .
We talked about that .
I think the shortcoming was getting a lot of people whipped up and having them wait in line and then only having a very , very limited amount of hardware supply globally , which meant that we had a kind of start and stop effect with our launch , which is hard to recover from .
It was a speed bump that we had to overcome and we overcame it .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 5/1/2010 ( 3921 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
A Winnipeg street gang leader recently convicted of a multiple murder was killed Monday afternoon during a violent attack inside Saskatchewan Penitentiary , the Free Press has learned .
Daniel Richard Wolfe , 33 , was fatally injured after a brawl erupted involving at least 10 other inmates .
RCMP and prison officials have not officially released the victim ’s name – citing the wishes of his family – but Free Press justice sources have identified him as Wolfe .
CNS REGINA LEADER -POST
Daniel Richard
Wolfe leaves court after guilty verdicts in November .
Two other inmates suffered serious injuries in the attack , which occurred in a common area of the maximum - security range on which they were being held .
Officials say all 16 inmates on the range were out of their cells at the time for lunch .
RCMP said they expect to lay formal charges by Wednesday .
Wolfe was one of the founding members of the Indian Posse street gang in Winnipeg .
The group is one of the city ’s biggest and most violent , comprised entirely of aboriginal members .
The Indian Posse has expanded in recent years to Saskatchewan and Alberta .
Wolfe was serving a life sentence after being convicted in November 2009 of two counts of first - degree murder and three counts of attempted murder .
Wolfe was in a Fort Qu’Appelle , Saskatchewan bar on the night of Sept. 20 , 2007 when he got into an argument with a member of the Native Syndicate gang , which also originated in Winnipeg .
The men parted ways but Wolfe was n’t finished .
He grabbed a gun and stormed inside a Fort Qu’Appelle home later that night , opening fire .
Michael Itittakoose , 24 , was shot six times and died , while Marvin Arnault , 51 , was killed while trying to protect his wife from being hit .
Three other men - including the one who had traded words with Wolfe at the bar - were shot multiples times but survived .
Police said there were a total of 11 people in the house at the time , including many who had no gang ties .
Wolfe made headlines again when he escaped from the Regina Correctional Centre in August 2008 , along with five other inmates .
He was nabbed in Winnipeg three weeks later and returned to custody in Saskatchewan .
A youth co-accused was also charged in the deadly shooting spree and remains before the courts pending trial .
mike.mcintyre@freepress.mb.ca
Viral Video : “ That ’s Why I Chose Yale ” ( Definitely Not to Learn How to Make Musical Videos )
Hey kids , let ’s put on a show !
But in the case of Yale University ’s newest admissions video , maybe not so much .
An extraordinarily awkward effort to capture the attention of the Facebook generation , it appears to be a kind of homage to television hits “ Glee ” and “ High School Musical ” and is explained as :
“ An introduction to undergraduate life at Yale College .
The project was an independent collaboration between
Yale undergraduates and recent alumni working in the admissions office .
All filming , editing , and vocal recording was done on Yale ’s campus exclusively by Yale students . ”
That group went further , noting , “ last fall a group of yalies set out to reinvent the genre of dull admissions videos .
they created something …a little different . ”
And different it surely is , as you will see , clocking in at close to 17 minutes in length .
At times campy , at times innovative and at most times simply painful , people are still watching , with close to 400,000 views on YouTube so far .
The best moment is at the end with the line : “ ‘ Cats ’ was better . ”
It was , but you be the judge :
View Transcript
Transcript
Asok Lost His Soul
Asok says , " We can improve our Google search ranking with key words , inbound links and ? "
Asok says , " ? Ritual sacrifice of a ? "
Asok says , " I think it 's down to you or me . "
Coworker says , " What are you implying ? "
Responses to the Coup d'etat in Honduras on Sunday June 28 , with special emphasis on producing English - language versions of commentaries by Honduran scholars and editorial writers and addressing the confusion encouraged by lack of basic knowledge about Honduras .
TXL Films Reel
Take a look at some of our favorite projects we ’ve been honored to be part of over the years .
From feature films , to music videos for upcoming artists , to short films chock full of familiar faces , to a piece choreographed by Emmy - winning duo Nappytabs …
NOMAD Chile Eclipse Real eclipse .
Real stakes .
First shot up for NOMAD : the 2 lead characters share a moment in front of a total solar eclipse .
With only 2 minutes 18 seconds of totality , there would be no room for error .
“ This is the toughest shot I ’ve ever attempted , ” says director Taron Lexton .
“ We scouted for months to find the exact position .
We sourced special lenses and gear .
The actors had to be perfectly rehearsed .
It ’s equal parts exhilarating and terrifying , with just one chance to get it right . ”
And the world was watching .
Directed by : Taron Lexton
Actors : Leo Woodall and Sana’a Shaik
Produced by : Nathan Lorch & Milena Ferreira
Co-Produced by : Nick Lane
Associate Producers : Nicole Pase & Kim Kutner
Cinematography by : Kevin Garrison
Shot & Edited by : Richard Brien
Eclipse Consultant : Ted Hesser
1st AC : Sam Robinson
Production Sound : Renato Sebastiani
Hair and Makeup : Mariah Nicole
NOMAD Australia Real Locations .
A sneak peek behind - the - scenes at some of the incredible locations we filmed in Sydney , Australia including outside the beautiful and iconic Opera House .
Directed by : Taron Lexton
Lead Actors : Leo Woodall and Sana’a Shaik
Supporting Actors : Jordi Webber , Mel Odedra , Daniele Clements ,
Grace Naoum , Jurij Drevensek , Mina and Charlie Hong .
Produced by : Nathan Lorch & Milena Ferreira
Co-Produced by : Nick Lane
Associate Producers : Nicole Pase & Kim Kutner
Cinematography by : Kevin Garrison
Shot by : Richard Brien
Edited by Ian Rosloniec and K. Spencer Jones
1st AC : Sam Robinson
Production Sound : Renato Sebastiani
NOMAD Brazil Real chaos .
The energetic , and chaotic streets of Río de Janeiro , Brazil , where the weather conditions threw the NOMAD team a curveball .
⠀⠀
With weather conditions so intense they could barely walk while filming at the Christ the Redeemer statue , let alone set up the gear or grab the necessary drone shots , they prevailed through the difficulties — hours later the rain subsided for a brief moment leaving an incredible cloud layer with rays of sunshine peeking through — and not another soul in sight .
Directed by : Taron Lexton
Lead Actors : Leo Woodall and Sana’a Shaik
Produced by : Nathan Lorch & Milena Ferreira
Co-Produced by : Nick Lane
Associate Producers : Nicole Pase & Kim Kutner
Cinematography by : Kevin Garrison
Shot & Edited by : Richard Brien
1st AC : Sam Robinson
Production Sound : Renato Sebastiani
Hair and Makeup : Mariah Nicole
NOMAD Mexico Real challenges .
The NOMAD crew braved the jungles of Mexico as they filmed in an underground cenote cut off from the outside world .
Faced with limited resources , they had to come up with some rather unique solutions to get the Alexa LF a few inches above water , while the DP ( Kevin Garrison ) dove 80 feet deep to the base of the cenote ( with an expert safety diver ) to capture our actors jumping in through the Bugs Bunny Bunny hole .
Despite the challenges , the team got creative and got the shot .
Directed by : Taron Lexton
Lead Actors : Leo Woodall and Sana’a Shaik
Produced by : Nathan Lorch & Milena Ferreira
Co-Produced by : Nick Lane
Associate Producers : Nicole Pase & Kim Kutner
Cinematography by : Kevin Garrison
Shot & Edited by : Richard Brien
1st AC : Sam Robinson
Production Sound : Renato Sebastiani
Hair and Makeup : Mariah Nicole
Our Oath Directed by : Taron Lexton
Written by : Phenomenon
Produced by : Nathan Lorch , Milena Ferreira , Nick Lane , Kim Kutner & Karin Ostrander
Cinematography by : Kevin Garrison
Production Design by : Todd Jeffery
Production Sound by : Robert Filios
Hair & Makeup by : Mariah Nicole
Wardrobe by : Sara Acevedo Editorial by : Union
VFX by : The Mission , Bryan Shoop
Music by : Keith Kenniff
Color by : Siggy Ferstl , Company 3
Sound Design & Mix by : Therapy Phenomenon :
Chief Creative Officer : Chris Adams
Head of Integrated Production : Chris Kyriakos
Group Brand Director : Jon Levine
Creative Director : Tim Bateman
Creative Director : Jeff Heath
Brand Director : Meghan Dougherty
Producer : Karin Ostrander
ACD Art Director : Julian Newman
ACD Copywriter : Steve O’Brien
In Search of Fellini Client : Spotted Cow Entertainment
Directed by : Taron Lexton
Written by : Nancy Cartwright & Peter Kjenaas
Produced by : Peter Kjenaas , Nathan Lorch , Milena Ferreira , Monica Gil , Taron Lexton & Michael Doven
Cinematography by : Kevin Garrison
Music by : David Campbell
Music Supervision by : Jennifer Nash
Casting by : Lisa London & Catherine Stroud
Editing by : K. Spencer Jones
VFX by : Bryan Shoop
Production Design by : Todd Jeffery
Costume Design by : Sienna Kay & Catherine Buyse Dian
Hair & Makeup by : Mariah Nicole & Monica Burton
Sound by : Juniper Post
Production Services by : TXL Films & 360 Degrees Film
Executive Produced by : Nancy Cartwright , Kevin J. Burke , Maria Bello , Andrea Iervolino & Monika Bacardi
Distributed by : AMBI Group
Full credits here A sheltered , small - town Ohio girl , is suddenly faced by harsh reality .
Desperate for answers , she discovers hope in the delightfully bizarre films of Federico Fellini , and sets off on a strange , beautiful journey across Italy to find him .
Along the way she discovers far more than she ever expected .
Starring Ksenia Solo , Mary Lynn Rajskub , Enrico Oetiker , Paolo Bernardini , Beth Riesgraf , David O’Donell , Nancy Cartwright and Maria Bello .
Trailer for feature film “ In Search of Fellini ” filmed in Ohio and Italy in 2015 .
Production services provided by TXL Films and 360 Degrees Film in association with Spotted Cow Entertainment and United Pictures Group .
Distributed by AMBI Group with a limited theatrical release on September 15 , 2017 .
For more info click here .
First Day of School Directed by : Taron Lexton
Produced by : Nick Lane , Nathan Lorch & Milena Ferreira
Cinematography by : Mike Gioulakis
Choreography by : Nappytabs
Production Design by : Todd Jeffery
Edited by : K. Spencer Jones
Production Services by : TXL Films
This version of the classic song features more than 100 of the country ’s best young dancers and was choreographed by Nappytabs , the renowned choreographers known for their work with such TV shows as “ So You Think You Can Dance ” and “ Dancing With The Stars . ”
TXL Films handled all pre-production , principal photography and post - production on this project .
Wo n’t You Sing With Me Directed by : Taron Lexton
Produced by : Nathan Lorch & Milena Ferreira
Cinematography by : Taron Lexton
VFX by : Bryan Shoop
Production Services by : TXL Films
Casting by : Leslie Brown
Son to Son A late - night meeting between a father and son reveals an insidious secret lurking beneath the surface .
What began as an innocent habit has led to the most deadly - and unexpected - epidemic in modern history .
One conversation could mean the difference between life or death .
Directed by : Taron Lexton
Written by : Jim Meskimen
Starring : Jim Meskimen & Nick Lane
Produced by : Nick Lane & Milena Ferreira
Associate Producer : Nicole Pase
Cinematography by : Kevin Garrison
Edited by : K. Spencer Jones
Visual Effects Artist : Bryan Shoop
Production Design by : Todd Jeffery
Costume Design by : Sienna Kay
Hair and Makeup by : Mariah Nicole
Production Sound by : Robert Filios & James Filios
Grip : Sean Dobbe
Gaffer : Richard Blaine
1st AC : Kasey Orthmann
We ’re All Connected Directed by : Taron Lexton
Written by : Phenomenon
Produced by : Nathan Lorch , Milena Ferreira , Nick Lane , Kim Kutner & Karin Ostrander Cinematography by : Kevin Garrison
Production Design by : Todd Jeffery
Production Sound by : Robert Filios
Hair & Makeup by : Mariah Nicole
Wardrobe by : Sara Acevedo Editorial by : Abandon
VFX by : Bryan Shoop
Color by : Alexa Vier
The Squeeze Directed by : Terry Jastrow
Produced by : Terry Jastrow , George Parra , Anne Archer , Michael Doven and Brian McCormack Cinematography by : Taron Lexton
VFX by : Bryan Shoop
Post–Production by : TXL Films
In 2013 , Taron Lexton had the honor of completing cinematography on Terry Jastrow ’s feature film directorial debut from his screenplay based on a true story , The Squeeze .
The film starred Christopher McDonald ( Happy Gilmore , Thelma & Louise ) Katherine LaNasa ( The Campaign , Alfie ) and Jeremy Sumpter ( Friday Night Lights , Peter Pan ) .
The Love of Teaching Directed by : Taron Lexton
Written by : Phenomenon
Produced by : Nathan Lorch , Milena Ferreira , Nick Lane , Kim Kutner & Karin Ostrander Cinematography by : Kevin Garrison
Production Design by : Todd Jeffery
Production Sound by : Robert Filios
Hair & Makeup by : Mariah Nicole
Wardrobe by : Sara Acevedo Editorial by : Abandon
VFX by : Bryan Shoop
Color by : Alexa Vier
Earth Organization Client : The Lawrence Anthony Earth Organization
Directed by : Taron Lexton
Produced by : Nathan Lorch
Cinematography by : Kevin Garrison
Edited by : K. Spencer Jones
VFX by : Bryan Shoop
Production Services by : TXL Films
In 2015 Cinematographer Kevin Garrison embarked on an adventure in nine countries filming nature ’s beauty and sources of water for a 180 - second ad for the Lawrence Anthony Earth Organization .
The Earth Organization is an independent , non-profit group seeking to reverse the dwindling spiral of the plant and animal kingdoms and our environment through education and action .
TXL Films handled all pre-production , principal photography and post - production on this project .
Struck Directed by : Taron Lexton
Produced by : Nathan Lorch & Milena Ferreira
Cinematography by : Adrian Piccardi
Production Services by : TXL Films
Casting by : Leslie Brown
In 2007 , Screenwriter Milena Ferreira , and her husband , Producer Nathan Lorch , teamed up with Director extraordinaire , Taron Lexton to film the short film Struck which was officially selected in over 50 film festivals worldwide , screened out of competition at the iconic Cannes Film Festival in 2008 and won over 15 festival awards .
Reach For the Stars Directed by : Taron Lexton
Written by : Phenomenon
Produced by : Nathan Lorch , Milena Ferreira , Nick Lane , Kim Kutner & Karin Ostrander Cinematography by : Kevin Garrison
Production Design by : Todd Jeffery
Production Sound by : Robert Filios
Hair & Makeup by : Mariah Nicole
Wardrobe by : Sara Acevedo Edited by : K. Spencer Jones
VFX by : Bryan Shoop
Color by : Alexa Vier
Romotive Directed by : Jimmy Collins
Produced by : Nathan Lorch
Cinematography by : Taron Lexton
Casting by : Leslie Brown
Kicking and Screaming Production Services by : TXL Films
In 2012 , husband and wife duo , Bodhi and Jenna Elfman , created a podcast series Kicking and Screaming to discuss marriage , life and annoyance .
Not in that order .
What started as a weekly - recorded podcast series soon grew to videos as well incorporating the team at TXL Films .
They were picked up by several online sites including The Nerdist and are available for download on iTunes .
Lennon Directed by : Nathan Lorch & Milena Ferreira
Produced by : Kevin Garrison , Nathan Lorch & Milena Ferreira
Cinematography by : Taron Lexton
Written by : Milena Ferreira
Edited by : K. Spencer Jones
VFX by : Bryan Shoop
Casting by : Leslie Brown Lennon , the directorial debut for Nathan Lorch and Milena Ferreira , is a quirky short film inspired by Amelie and Moonrise Kingdom .
Starring Kim Kutner , Nancy Cartwright ( voice of Bart Simpson ) , David O’Donnell
( The Squeeze , Hallmark ’s “ Christmas Under Wraps ” ) , and featuring a hopelessly romantic score by Ali Helnwein ( Despair , The Evil Within ) , this short pulls at your heartstrings and makes you believe again .
Lennon premiered at the prestigious Los Angeles Shorts International Film Festival in 2015 .
Wanderer Directed by : Jake Wilkens & Mark O’Brien
Cinematography by : K. Spencer Jones
Produced by : Jake Wilkens , Mark O’Brien and Nicole Pase
Edited by : K. Spencer Jones
Post - Production Services by : TXL Films Wanderer was written by Jake Wilkens in 2014 , crowd funded through Kickstarter.com , and filmed over a weekend in the California desert in the small town of Newberry Springs .
Since completion it has screened at over 10 festivals worldwide and has been nominated for over 10 awards .
In 2016 it premiered online gathering a “ Short Pick of the Day ” on FilmShortage.com and selected for Awardeo.tv ’s “ Video of the Week ” .
Threshold Directed by : Mark O’Brien
Produced by : Nathan Lorch , Milena Ferreira
Co-Produced by : Nicole Pase
Cinematography by : Kevin Garrison
Editing by : K. Spencer Jones
Music by : Edy Lan
Sound Design & Mix : Going Postal Productions
A Proud Student Directed by : Taron Lexton
Produced by : Kim Kutner & Nathan Lorch
Cinematography by : Kevin Garrison
Production Design by : Todd Jeffery
Hair & Makeup by : Mariah Nicole
Wardrobe by : Sienna Kay
Production Services by : TXL Films
The Human Project Directed by : K. Spencer Jones
Written by : David Beatty
Produced by : Chelsea Alden
Co-Produced by : Nicole Pase
Executive Produced by : TXL Films , Nicole Pase , Kath Soucie
Cinematographyby : Kevin Garrison
Starring : Chelsea Alden , David Beatty
Production Design by : Todd Jeffery
Sound by : James Filios
Script Supervision by : Natalie McCollum Editing by : K. Spencer Jones
VFX by : BryanShoop
Music by : Mike Schuppan , Travis Warner
Sound Design & Mix by : Going Postal Productions
Post Services by : TXL Films
Housing prices in most urban areas will face pressure in the upcoming years because of a variety of factors .
Last month as prices fell in many areas including Southern California , some were surprised because a belief that a trough had been hit had already set in .
This is not the case .
For the most part the bulk of home sales are still coming from the distress side .
These homes do not yield the bank the full balance of the mortgage and consequently push overall prices lower .
In many troubled states like California , Florida , Nevada , and Arizona many of these homes are secured by questionable mortgages so the gap between the current mortgage and the market price is rather large .
We also have issues on the supply side .
During the peak days of the bubble housing starts were running at a stunningly high rate of 2 million per year .
This at a time when household formation was closer to 1.2 million .
So this enormous imbalance occurred .
The current stall in housing starts is simply allowing the overall market to catch up .
That is one of the big questions regarding when housing will recover .
When will housing starts pick up ?
Today we are going to look at 5 major trends that will keep housing prices low for the next few years .
Reason # 1 – Household Formation
Source : The Urban Land Institute
The Urban Land Institute put out an interesting paper in January examining the future of housing .
One of the main trends they found revolves around younger generations living in urban centers .
In fact , on their survey they found that many would accept a smaller living space in order to be closer to work , friends , and entertainment venues .
Another important factor they highlight is those from 25 to 34 , a peak household formation range , have seen wages fall in real terms by 12 percent for men and 3 percent for women .
What this translates for housing is less money for housing .
Another big problem keeping households from forming in the current market is the high unemployment rate .
Many of these people are doubling up , moving back home , or simply taking on cheaper rental housing .
Once the employment market picks up we can see a pent up demand for housing slowly pick up but that is why we keep discussing that without solid employment growth , there is little reason to believe home prices will suddenly move up .
The unemployment rate for those from 20 to 24 is 15.8 percent and for those 25 to 34 it is 9.9 percent .
Both of these rates are higher than the current headline rate of 9.7 percent .
Until job prospects improve , the demand for more expensive housing will remain muted .
Reason # 2 – Overbuilding and Housing Starts
The above chart shows the massive overbuilding that occurred during the housing bubble .
With housing formation steady the rate is closer to 1.2 million but we were building closer to 2 million .
Now , this has translated into a massive glut of housing .
So the housing start rate plummeted in 2007 as we worked our way through too much demand .
In addition , we added a large number of new homebuyers that were never qualified to own a home to begin with .
This is the group that took out subprime or option ARM loans on homes that clearly were unsupported by their incomes .
As we now know , most of these loans are now gone so now millions that once were “ qualified ” to buy are out of that buyer pool .
So demand is also falling because people do n’t qualify with tighter loan standards .
If we look at the housing start side of the equation , builders clearly realize that the demand side is still weak for new construction :
Although housing starts are up from their depressed levels , they are nowhere near a healthy market level .
We still have inventory that we need to work through before builders start growing at a pace of even 1 million .
Reason # 3 – Single Family Home Sales
If you examine the above chart carefully , you ’ll notice that up until 2007 both existing and new home sales tracked very closely .
For example , close to 5 million existing homes were selling on a seasonally adjusted rate while roughly 1 million newly built homes were selling from 1999 to 2002 .
Then even in the over building days both of these tracked together .
The disconnection has started in 2009 where existing home sales have perked up while newly built home sales are still near the bottom .
Why ?
The reason has to do with the amount of distress sales .
The big driving factor in home sales is home price .
In a price conscious market people are gravitating to foreclosure re-sales and short sales where prices are lower to meet with the new economics of households .
Newer homes that carry a bigger price tag have seen demand simply disappear .
In areas even like California , areas that have lower home prices like the Inland Empire have seen sales pick up briskly but prices remain low .
Those areas that still have higher prices have seen sales completely stall .
Reason # 4 – Home Prices
Source : Calculated Risk
If you look at the above chart , the top eight areas with depressed home prices are California , Nevada , Florida , and Arizona .
The one exception is Detroit but this area has seen low prices trending even before this current housing collapse .
One recent stat shows that 70 percent of mortgage holders in Nevada are underwater .
In California that number is 35 percent .
So with these kinds of market indicators it is very likely that in these states prices will continue to trend lower .
Throw in the high unemployment rate in these regions and you can understand why it is so important to get jobs growing in this country again .
Ultimately prices have to reach a level where local households can afford the mortgage .
This crisis has gone on long enough where younger households , hit by a double whammy of low wages and higher home prices have seen older generations now lose their home or struggle simply to pay on a mortgage so big that nearly all disposable income is eaten by the mortgage .
The idea that real estate is “ always a good investment ” is now gone for a generation .
That is why in recent surveys many are looking to live in city urban centers as opposed to suburban tract homes .
This is another reason why home prices will remain low for a good portion of time .
I just do n’t see a massive flood of the household formation generation heading out and purchasing homes in suburbs like baby boomers did .
They will buy but nowhere close to what baby boomers did .
Reason # 5 – Homeownership Rates
Buying a home is an opportunity that should be given to those that have demonstrated some ability to save and pay their mortgage .
That is why down payments were so important .
A 10 percent down payment at least demonstrates that you can save for a few months or years for a big purchase .
This is how it was for generations .
But with no money down loans and easy financing those who should have never bought were allowed to buy to feed the Wall Street beast hungry for any mortgages to securitize .
Now , the only game in town is government backed loans .
And as we saw on Friday , Fannie Mae lost in 2009 over $ 70 billion .
I just keep recalling the day when we were told that these GSEs were going to turn a profit .
Yeah right .
But we have bigger issues .
The FHA with FHA insured loans is allowing people to buy homes with only 3.5 percent down .
It actually is lower because people can use the tax credit in combination and make this close to a nothing down purchase .
Is it any surprise that FHA default rates are now at historic levels ?
Homeownership is not a right but a privilege we have .
This is no different from buying a luxury car .
I ’m sure many of us would trade in our current vehicles for a Ferrari if we could but that is n’t how the market works .
But when you allow everyone access to mortgage debt they cannot support it should n’t be a surprise that people took on too much debt .
The above chart shows that consumption part of the equation .
But now the homeownership rate is falling as millions lose their homes to foreclosure .
Many more will lose their homes as toxic mortgages do what toxic mortgages do .
The trend for the homeownership rate will be lower for years .
Also , the weak economy is going to keep pressure on housing prices since people do pay for their home payment out of income they get from their jobs .
When we step back , the market is already telling us many things .
Lower home prices will get more Americans to buy homes so having Wall Street and the government trying to prop up prices is a bad thing .
In markets where demand is high prices will remain high because of supply and demand forces .
Why the need for government backed easy money mortgages ?
Why the need for all these support programs that only prolong the misery ?
There is absolutely nothing wrong with renting and frankly , it is a shame that many in this country look down upon that .
This is similar to those “ keep up with the Joneses ” folks that had to keep up with their neighbors jet skis , Hummers , and other items that sunk many families .
Just look on eBay and Craigslist and you ’ll see many people selling these items trying to downsize .
Buying a home is the biggest purchase most Americans will take on and should be entered with caution .
There is a delicate balance to all of this and currently the market is still out of balance .
How anyone can see home prices booming in the next few years is hard to understand .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
Earth science , deep space probes get budget boost
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : February 3 , 2010
NASA 's new proposed budget includes $ 5 billion for science , bolstering the agency 's fleet of Earth science missions and restarting production of plutonium to power robotic probes to the outer solar system .
The Obama administration is requesting an 11 percent increase for science over 2010 funding levels .
The extra money will expand NASA 's Earth science satellite missions , fund a replacement for the Orbiting Carbon Observatory lost in a launch failure last year , and restart U.S. production of plutonium - 238 to generate electricity in space .
Artist 's concept of OCO .
Credit : NASA / JPL
The Earth science division would receive $ 1.8 billion in 2011 , an increase of $ 382 million over the enacted 2010 budget .
Ed Weiler , associate administrator of the science directorate , said specific new missions could be identified in a few weeks after further discussions with White House officials .
" When you get $ 2 billion like this spread over five years , it 's a unique opportunity , certainly in my experience , " Weiler said .
" You want to be sure you get it right .
You want to be sure what you 're laying out is affordable and executable . "
New satellites are likely to tackle high - priority climate science objectives determined by the National Research Council 's decadal survey .
" We 're extremely happy with it , " Weiler said .
" We look forward to the additional funds in Earth science to really aggressively go after new and important climate science missions . "
The budget would also add more low - cost Venture - class Earth science missions .
The OCO satellite lost in a Taurus rocket failure in February 2009 will also be replaced under the 2011 budget , which provides $ 170 million for the new mission .
A NASA spokesperson said the budget " includes funding for rapid development and launch of an OCO 2 mission that has identical capabilities as the first one . "
The new mission could be ready for launch by February 2013 , but NASA will not set a formal date until a confirmation review later this year , according to an agency spokesperson .
NASA started studying an OCO replacement within days of the launch mishap , narrowing down alternatives until deciding on flying a carbon copy of OCO within about 28 months of receiving funding .
" Luckily , we had done all that due diligence and planning , so we were ready to run , " Weiler said .
Congress added $ 50 million for OCO under NASA 's 2010 budget in December .
" We got a Congressional budget that kept the option alive in [ fiscal year ] 2010 , so we knew we could get through [ fiscal year ] ' 10 keeping the team alive and keeping the option open , " Weiler said .
" The good news in this budget is the president decided that this is an important mission for both science and understanding our climate . "
The White House is also directing NASA and the Department of Energy to restart production of plutonium - 238 .
U.S. laboratories stopped making plutonium - 238 more than 20 years ago .
Plutonium - 238 in a ground laboratory .
Credit : Department of Energy
" We are in discussions about restarting plutonium - 238 production in the United States .
It 's a very complex issue .
It involves a lot of agencies , but the news is good there , " Weiler said .
The Department of Energy has replenished its stockpiles with orders from Russian atomic labs , but dwindling supplies in both countries are straining demands for future robotic probes to the outer planets .
A planned flagship probe to Jupiter 's moon Europa in 2020 will require a significant supply of plutonium to power its extensive suite of instruments .
" I think people have recognized that Pu-238 is important , both for exploration and for science missions , " Weiler said .
" In our case , especially for deep space missions . "
President Obama requested $ 30 million to begin the multi- year process of restarting plutonium - 238 production in 2010 , but Congress cut the spending from the final budget .
NASA is also developing an Advanced Stirling Radioisotope Generator , a more efficient power system that would reduce consumption of precious plutonium .
Under the proposed 2011 budget , the ASRG would be ready for a flight test on a Discovery - class space science mission by 2014 or 2015 .
Other highlights of the science budget includes the initiation of the Solar Probe Plus mission that will fly in the sun 's corona after launching in 2015 .
The joint Mars Trace Gas Orbiter between NASA and the European Space Agency will also move into the mission formulation phase , according to Weiler .
The probe will launch in 2016 .
Wave Genetics has shown that genetic traits can be changed , activated and disactivated by use of resonant waves , beamed at the DNA .
The proponents of Wave Genetics have , through well - designed and implemented double - blind experiments , physically and clinically , repeatedly proven the ability of Wave Genetics technology to regrow vital internal organs , in vivo , without the requirement of difficult , dangerous and expensive surgical procedures .
Applications of Wave Genetics technologies have uncovered the entire range of functionality of the DNA ( including the functions of so - called " junk DNA ) and the entire Genome .
Wave Genetics makes the entirety of the DNA system available and directly controllable , for the direct benefit of all life , without the need for dangerous and antiquated " recombinant DNA " methods , and without the need for any " stem cell " culturing techniques .
Additional applications which arise from Wave Genetics include a very reliable life extension technology , which could be easily applied to any living being , no surgical intervention required .
Dr. Peter Gariaev - image from Kreaprenör
Wave Genetics has been researched principally in Russia , by a group of scientists around Dr. Peter Gariaev , the discoverer of the DNA phantom effect .
That research has recently come to an abrupt halt , as a result of heavy handed intervention by some high level " skeptics " in the Russian Academy of Sciences .
Skeptics are the watchdogs of orthodoxy .
Those operating in the field of medicine call themselves quackbusters , but every scientific endeavor has their dedicated ' skeptics ' who watch that no new paradigms should evolve and who attack anyone coming even close to changing the status quo in science .
Perhaps it is no accident that the work of Gariaev and his team has come under attack , since Wave Genetics promises to make today 's genetic engineering look like the Wright brothers ' first flight , compared with a modern airliner .
With huge sums of money invested by the likes of Monsanto and Genentech in today 's comparatively very ' old hat ' recombinant genetic modification technologies , it is no wonder that those developing the successor technology are being viciously attacked .
Robert Neil Boyd has been in contact with Gariaev and has written a short piece exposing this ongoing suppression of scientific research :
The Mistaken Suppression of the Next Generation of Medical Practices
( " Wave Genetics " ) by the Russian Academy of Science
A group internal to the Russian Academy of Science , called the " Group to Combat Pseudoscience in Russia " often goes well beyond the bounds of highly regarded bedrock scientific research principles , such as Popp 's Criteria , particularly regarding recent empirical and powerful experimental results in genetics research .
This group has long been known for attacking and suppressing any theoretical results which fall outside of the boundaries of of what is deemed to be " officially acceptable " .
Acceptable according to whom ?
Exxon ?
The Bilderberg group ?
Donald Duck ?
Or is it that whoever pays the leader of this " combating pseudoscience " group , Krugliakov , the most money , gets whatever ruling they want , from out of the group ??
It is clear that Krugliakov has acted to revive a former soviet policy regarding Russian science called " Neolysenkoism " , a policy which suppresses and attacks all " unacceptable " scientific results and theories , and attacks all " dissenting " scientific results and theories .
And who defines what exactly is " Pseudoscience " , and according to what exacting scientific criteria ?
Certainly it is clear that Popp's Criteria for accuracy in the sciences are not any part of the reasonings behind the efforts of this " Pseudoscience " group .
In fact , the activities of this " Group to Combat Pseudoscience in Russia " should themselves properly be termed as " Pseudoscience " , since they often act with no rational scientific basis , and make policy decisions with no scientific justification whatsoever .
They should be required to justify and exactly prove their findings , just as any other scientific endeavor is expected to do .
Science is a quest for the Truth , trying to discover the actual facts of the behaviors of Nature , so that we can use these facts in beneficial ways .
Truth in Science is not based on the popularity of some theoretical belief , nor popular opinion .
Science is not based on personal conveniences , personal advantages , or preferences .
Either a thing is true or it is not .
We do n't get to vote on such things as to whether gravity will cause things which are dropped , to fall towards the center of the planet .
We are in the position where it is our condition to try to understand the inner workings of how the Universe operates .
Then , we should use our understandings to the advantage of All Life .
We are not in any position to dictate terms to the Universe regarding what is or is not " acceptable behavior " on the part of the Universe , as according to some theory or belief or preference or another , such as relativity theory or string theory .
The Universe is how it is and acts the way it acts .
And it is up to us to understand the Universe , as it is .
Not as it should be according to the preferences of some corporation with vested monetary interests or according to some political advantage or preference .
The recent suppressive dismantling of a hugely promising set of physically proved results in Genetics Research , which meet Popp 's Criteria , called " Wave Genetics " , by Krugliakov and the " Group to Combat Pseudoscience in Russia " , is certainly not due to any proper scientific method .
This group 's agenda is highly questionable , and is certainly not in the best interests of Science , nor are these suppressive behaviors in the best interests of Life and Humanity .
Wave Genetics has , through well - designed and implemented , double - blind experiments , physically and clinically , repeatedly proven the ability of the Wave Genetics technology to re-grow vital internal organs , in vivo , without the requirement of expensive and difficult and dangerous surgical procedures .
Applications of Wave Genetics technologies have uncovered the entire of the DNA functionality ( including the functions of so - called " junk DNA ) and the entire of the Genome .
Wave Genetics makes the entirety of DNA system available and directly controllable , for the direct benefit of All Life , without the need for dangerous and antiquated " recombinant DNA " methods , and without the need for any " stem cell " culturing techniques .
There are vast numbers of additional applications which arise from Wave Genetics , in addition to regenerating various body parts without the requirement for invasive techniques , such as a very reliable life extension technology , which can be easily applied to any living being , with no surgical intervention required .
For this technology to be at all looked down on , casts shame on the Russian Academy of Science , a body which is expected to be above and beyond all political movements and personal preferences , inspired to bring forth the best possible results to all of science and to all of Life .
I have found another piece of relevant information on wave genetics , an open letter by Dr. Peter Gariaev which you will find just below , as the second part of this article .
Posted on February 11th , 2010
Although traditional gifts like chocolate and flowers usually dominate the gift giving on Valentine ’s Day , there are plenty of creative ways you can incorporate beer into your gifts for the beer lover in your life .
Chocolate ales – A box of chocolates are the gift probably most closely associated with V Day .
A great companion to chocolate candy is of course chocolate ale .
There are lots of great chocolate flavored beers out there .
Young ’s Double Chocolate Stout is a personal favorite .
It ’s brewed to be velvety smooth and silky with a light but rich dose of chocolate taste .
Another great one to try by an American brewer is Rogue ’s Chocolate stout .
While not nearly as smooth in taste as Young ’s , it has the chocolate aromas and flavors to make this one a must try
Floral beers – Flowers are another great gift on February 14th .
Roses and tulips look and smell terrific , especially in this cold time of year .
Fortunately there are plenty of beers with distinctly floral aromas courtesy of their hops that will go along great with any bunch of your favorite flowers .
Most pale ales and IPAs will have floral notes to them , but for my money no ale captures that fresh floral hop aroma better than Brooklyn Brewery ’s East India Pale Ale .
The best part is that this beer tastes just as good as it smells .
Lagunitas IPA and its stronger cousin Lagunitas Maximus Double IPA also have a distinctly floral aroma to them thanks to their massive amounts of Cascade hops .
AleSmith ’s My Bloody Valentine –
If the whole Valentine ’s Day thing is n’t your thing , perhaps this beer is more your speed .
It ’s a delicious ale with a distinct blood red color and an alcohol percentage of 6.66 % ABV .
After a few of these you wo n’t care if it ’s Valentine ’s Day or Arbor Day .
Be sure to drink with caution .
What do you get for the beer loving Valentine in your life ?
Hit us up in the comments or on twitter to let us know you thoughts .
Does the Microsoft co-founder who pushed tablet computers back in 2001 think that the iPad is the perfect version ?
And what about the iPhone , which competes with Windows Mobile ?
Bill Gates has said in an interview with the news site Bnet that he does n't think the iPad is a dramatic move compared to what Microsoft has done with tablet computers - but admitted that he is envious of the iPhone 's features .
Interviewed by Brent Schlender , Gates - who said in 2001 that he thought tablet computers would be the predominant form of computers sold " within five years " ( but saw that prediction fail ) , was lukewarm at best .
" You know , I 'm a big believer in touch and digital reading , but I still think that some mixture of voice , the pen and a real keyboard - in other words a netbook - will be the mainstream on that , " he told Schlender .
Gates has long been a proponent of voice recognition technology for computers : in 1998 he tried to demonstrate a voice - drive system at the American Association for the Advancement of Science in Seattle , and forecast that by 2011 computers would be able to recognise their owners ' faces and voices .
But the iPad , which is a completely touch - driven system , using fingers rather than an easily - misplaced stylus for its control - just like the iPhone - does not impress him in the same way .
" So , it 's not like I sit there and feel the same way I did with iPhone where I say , ' Oh my God , Microsoft did n't aim high enough . '
It 's a nice reader , but there 's nothing on the iPad I look at and say , ' Oh , I wish Microsoft had done it . ' "
Gates 's admission that he looked at the iPhone , unveiled three years ago in January 2007 and which went on sale in June that year , and thought that " Microsoft did n't aim high enough " is a startling revelation from the man who drove the company to focus on mobile .
The iPhone has leapfrogged Windows Mobile in share of the smartphone market since its launch ; Microsoft has not released figures for the number of licences sold for the past financial year , but it has seen high - profile defections by companies such as HTC to Google 's Android mobile operating system .
The iPad has garnered great excitement from publishers and TV companies which see the possibility of selling more content through online stores akin to the iTunes Music Store and App Store .
However Cambridge City Council has denied reports that it was planning to buy a number of iPads for its councillors in order to save paper .
It called the reports in the local and national press incorrect , and implied that it is instead looking at Windows - based tablets .
I had the opportunity recently to talk to Elizabeth May , leader of the Green Party of Canada about her party , its policies , its electoral chances and its place on the political landscape in Canada .
As always , Ms. May was articulate , enthusiastic and pretty straight forward about the challenges she faces .
When she took over the leadership in August 2006 , the Greens had high hopes from the high - energy former head of the Sierra Club .
Her ability to attract media interest , her personal commitment to the environment , her personal appeal , all seemed to hold great promise .
But it has n't been that simple .
Powerful conservative forces still operate within the party creating tensions .
Without a presence in the House of Commons you really are off the bus -- the media and the other parties ignore you because you are n't part of the daily calculations preceding question period .
In the next election , the party and May are determined to spend big to get her a seat .
It 's their number one priority .
But it is still a long shot -- money can't buy you love , or necessarily , votes .
Here 's what Elizabeth May had to say :
Murray Dobbin :
What has to happen to ensure that the Conservatives do not get a majority in the next election ?
Elizabeth May :
The solutions lie in some fundamental changes because we are a multi-party society in a two - party voting system .
We either have to move to a system of proportional representation or we have to change our attitude towards minority governments and decide we are going to make them work .
I still feel that the aborted coalition was a very hopeful thing even to just have had it floated on the political stage .
I regret Ignatieff 's decision not to follow through with what had been set out as a workable modus operandi between the Liberals and the NDP to avoid Stephen Harper continuing his government .
In the next election I draw hope in believing that we can shake the 42 per cent of Canadians who chose not to vote in the last election to get engaged and that would change the whole picture .
For those who deliberately chose not to vote it had a lot to do with voter disgust and the behaviour and political culture .
We have to convince a good chunk of those who chose not to vote that not voting does not punish the people that you find despicable .
MD : Do you think Harper has deliberately set out to discourage people from voting ?
EM : Absolutely .
People thought that Harper had become more popular between the 2006 and 2008 elections but not so : 170,000 fewer people voted for a Conservative candidate in 2008 than in 2006 .
His larger seat count is a tribute to his ability to discourage people from voting .
The 700,000 fewer people voting for the Liberals did so on the basis of attack ads .
None of what the attack ads do is to make people like the Conservatives more -- it 's a question of framing , first Stephane Dion and now Michael Ignatieff in the worst possible terms based on the most sophisticated marketing genius of the Karl Rove variety .
All of these things add up .
The next best option to proportional representation is to figure out how to -- through whatever mobilization , viral , citizen grassroots campaign -- to say not only am I going to vote , I am going to make sure that I talk to my friends and neighbours who I do n't usually talk to about politics and make sure they vote -- not how they 're going to vote just that they vote .
MD : You once told me that very few environmental organizations really understand political power and only a handful ever even lobby a cabinet minister or politician .
Has that changed at all in terms of the role they need to play and could play if they are going to change things ?
EM : I have a terrible feeling of a weakening of resolve in the movement though I am not involved much any more as I am doing my environmental advocacy in a different way now .
And for good reasons they do n't share things with me for fear of being partisan .
But the environmental movement is changing a lot because there 's the establishment groups which have big infrastructure and tend to be vested in saying that something ( like Copenhagen ) is a success even if it 's not .
But what 's new is the strength of the youth climate movement which does n't have that same problem and the 350.org movement which is almost entirely viral and they 're not going to fall for safe targets and not - good - enough positions .
There 's a grassroots movement happening without the benefit of a famous leader or a common manifesto .
MD : One of the persistent features of progressive Canadian politics is the huge divide between party politics and extra-parliamentary politics .
It 's almost unique to Canada that movement groups are so rigidly non-partisan when it comes to elections .
How do we deal with that ?
EM : Well , one of the things that has to happen is that the Revenue Canada rules around charitable status have to change .
Look at the David Suzuki Foundation for instance .
David is acknowledged as one of the top 10 Canadians .
He made a very strong comment about Harper on the CBC's George Strombolopoulos show .
Now his organization as a result of that is having its charitable tax status threatened .
He cannot possibly support the Green Party .
But the fact is that you do n't have to tell people how to vote -- you just have to tell people to get out and vote .
The call is --
" Hey people , look at the numbers .
Do you think that all those people who stayed at home in 2008 would have voted for Harper if they 'd gotten off their duff to vote ? "
MD : I wanted to get back to the idea of the coalition .
Harper basically forced Ignatieff into a corner last spring and got him to say unequivocally that he would not consider a coalition government with the NDP .
Is Ignatieff really unalterably opposed to the idea ?
EM :
It all depends on what his caucus tells him he should do .
He did not follow advice to him in his leader 's office .
I thought it was a collective decision not to go with the coalition but apparently it was Ignatieff personally who rejected it .
He 's made it very difficult to now support a coalition .
MD : The Green Party has been accused of splitting the vote and helping Stephen Harper become prime minister .
And before you became Green leader you took the position that the party should not be trying to elect members but should be pushing the other parties on environmental issues .
You changed your position and are now running candidates in every riding .
EM : That 's not me .
To make it clear the leader of the Greens does n't determine the strategy for election campaigns and I do n't have any particular personal allegiance to the idea that we should run a candidate in every riding across the country .
I can tell you that the people in the party who make the decisions have a very strong allegiance to that idea .
My own view is that the Greens ' primary goal is not gain power -- though it is important to have seats in the House of Commons .
But I do n't think that the measure of our value in political terms is measured by whether we could ever form government .
MD : You have often said that the GP is neither left nor right but in examining your detailed policies I would to say that since I last examined them in 2007 , the Green Party is much more consistently on the left -- for example labour policies , international affairs , the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , the call for a Tobin tax , abrogating NAFTA , social policy , health care , justice issues .
Does n't this shift to the left put you more in direct competition with the NDP for votes ?
EM : In a multi-party system every party splits the vote .
Where we have the capacity to get Conservative votes is that we say and mean it that we are fiscally responsible -- that we have a better plan to get ourselves out of deficit and it wo n't be on the back of workers and small business .
Instead of increasing CPP and EI premiums like Flaherty is planning , we would be cutting those .
We would also be introducing income splitting which in terms of tax fairness resonates with a lot of people who see themselves as Progressive Conservatives .
We would not tax anyone who is making under $ 20,000 a year and let 's really get on with the agenda of the guaranteed livable income -- which is not just a left - wing idea .
MD : I want to explore the persistent controversy around the idea of co-operating with the NDP .
It is pretty well established that Jack Layton and the NDP have simply refused to talk to you .
Ironically that makes it much easier for you to occupy the moral high ground without actually having to publicly offer anything substantive .
So would the Green Party be prepared to leave some ridings uncontested to assist the NDP if the NDP were willing to reciprocate -- details aside ?
EM : Given that we did so in the leadership courtesy agreement in 2008 with Dion , and did not run a Green against Independent Bill Casey , we have shown a willingness to consider such efforts .
I would take any proposal for cooperation to the party council , but , as you point out , first we have to have something to talk about .
MD : In the 2006 election well over half the Green candidates were chosen by party headquarters .
How many Green candidates for the next election will actually be chosen by riding associations ?
EM : Our political director thinks it will likely be fewer than 70 appointed , but she stresses that our " appointments " are really more " acclamations " as they generally come from a local area , but without an established Electoral District Association .
For many reasons , we try to keep the candidate search local and , only very rarely , have what we call a " right to vote Green " candidate ( otherwise called a " paper candidate . " )
In the 2006 and 2008 elections there was no strategy that said getting the leader elected was more important than getting any one of a group of 10 or 20 other candidates elected .
But in the fall of 2008 and into the spring of 2009 the party decided to ask me to be prepared to move with the idea being we have to put our strongest candidate , which turned out to me as leader , into a riding where the voters are most willing to be somewhat mobile in their allegiance .
And that was Saanich - Gulf Islands .
MD : There have been rumours that the party is really struggling financially -- will you have the resources to run a national campaign given that your priority is to win your seat ?
Or will your resources be focused on your strongest ridings ?
EM : We , like the other opposition parties , have debt from the 2008 campaign .
In the last year , we have paid off more than $ 1.4 million and have a little less than a million to be repaid .
We are trying to accelerate that debt repayment in order to be ready for the next election .
We have every intention of running a strong national campaign , focus on winning in Saanich - Gulf Islands , and help in a number of targeted ridings across Canada .
MD : You have said you entered politics because you wanted to help get rid of Stephen Harper .
So if someone who shared that goal -- who desperately wanted to see Stephen Harper defeated -- and they asked you why should I vote Green , what would you say ?
EM : If people feel when they go to the polls why should I vote for you , you 're not gong to be government , then my choices are only voting for Harper or voting for Ignatieff .
The pressure to vote strategically just reduces voter turn out .
If you feel sick when you leave the polling booth you are less likely to come back the next time and vote the right way -- or to vote for anyone the next time .
If we ask why should you vote Green , in a system where we are manifestly unhappy with the results and the results are too many elections , too close together , just to get one minority government over another .
If that 's the way you feel , and you like our policies and you like the direction we would take the discussion within this country then you ought to vote for what you want .
MD : I wanted to touch on a few of your policies , taken from " Vision Green " -- which would have been your election platform had the election been called in the fall .
When I look at your tax policies I think they really do fall short in terms of paying for the other things you say you want to do .
The country today is short $ 100 billion a year in revenue due to huge tax cuts by the Liberals and Conservatives -- not counting the ones still scheduled .
In multiple places in your policy document you talk about a " revenue neutral green tax shift . "
That might have worked before these massive cuts took place but the horse has left the barn -- a huge chunk of the money is gone .
Are you prepared to roll back some of those cuts which benefitted the wealthy and corporations disproportionately .
EM : In our updated platform documents in terms of how do we get out of the current deficit situation and not increase taxes on EI and CPP or on individuals the only way to do that is through cancelling the upcoming , scheduled corporate tax breaks -- we do n't have to roll back the existing corporate tax cuts in order to deliver on this .
MD : When you say you would lower taxes " on individuals " that includes everyone , including very high income earners .
We used to have 10 tax brackets -- taxing the last dollar earned by many wealthy people at over 80 per cent .
Would you consider returning to a more multi-tiered personal income tax system -- which is still the fairest of all taxes ?
EM : I would n't say " no " at all .
We are always debating -- within our shadow cabinet -- whether we 've got it right on exactly how the carbon tax is applied , on top of that how the cap and trade will work .
We may not have it exactly right yet .
We are always willing to take ideas from elsewhere because we want to have the fairest possible highest level of social justice and lowest gap between the wealthy and the poor .
MD : I wanted to talk about your party 's economic policy partly because of the financial crisis but also because so much rests on what kind of economy we build .
Your Vision Green document states : " The central driving principle of Green Economic Policy is maximizing efficiency . "
That really surprised me because it is such a core principle in the neo-liberal approach to the economy .
Knowing you as I do , I wonder why the party does not have as its guiding economic principle equity and justice ?
EM :
The language that makes sense to Greens in that sentence comes from the assessment of consumer society as inherently wasteful and wasteful of human lives and the human spirit and community .
It 's not a neo -liberal statement .
MD : Why would n't you then say our central driving principle is equity and justice because that captures much more than just energy efficiency ?
EM : In writing about creating a green economy we get preoccupied with that but in terms of the guiding global green principles we are committed to all of them : social justice , respect for human rights , grassroots democracy , seeking a culture of peace and non-violence and environmental sustainability -- those are all green principles that imbue the entire range of our policies
MD : In looking at your detailed economic policy it seems pretty conventional given that you are the party which stakes out the ground on the environment , climate change and the depletion of the earth 's resources .
There is a new economic movement developing in Europe characterized by the notion of " prosperity without growth . "
Is there any place in the party for this concept -- developed explicitly to respond to the economic and climate crises ?
EM : We 're looking at as much as possible localizing access to venture capital , localizing the economy , support for the family farm , local food support for local industry and that comes through in a couple of different strands of economic policy .
One is a commitment that we assure municipalities have a committed sources of funds because we know of all revenue collected by governments only eight per cent goes to municipalities .
There are also green transit initiatives .
There 's the idea that we should be directing RRSP investments to municipal bonds .
MD : I wanted to explore the whole question of how we protect the environment or more broadly how we control the behaviour of corporations in the public interest .
I am struck by a lack of reference in the policy document to really strong regulation -- and by that I mean enhanced inspection and really punitive fines for violations .
Why not , for example , have a forensic accountant determine how much money a corporation saved by breaking the law and fine them 50 times that amount ?
EM : We want regulation and we want market mechanisms .
Where you have regulation is to make sure you have a bottom line where no one falls below it .
I am convinced that a company that wants to exceed all expectations will move faster and will innovate the technological solutions that others can grab .
It 's never all about regulation but it certainly is n't about the " invisible green hand of the marketplace and that 's all you need . "
That is not sensible .
On the ground in Germany the Greens brought in major regulatory instruments to make sure that renewables would take off in Germany .
They used a combination of regulations and market mechanisms .
The Swedish Greens did the same .
We need to make it very clear that we are not afraid as a society , that when a corporate entity so egregiously violates its social contract with us that this unnatural ( corporate ) life is terminated .
We have to shift the relationship between society and economy so that the economy 's purpose is supporting healthy communities .
MD : Lastly , there is almost no prospect of the current configuration of political parties agreeing to implement proportional representation .
By your own assessment the media and other political parties seem content to essentially ignore you without a seat in the House .
You are accustomed to having major influence on the environmental debate , so if you do not win your seat in the next election will you be content to continue in your present situation -- sidelined in the struggle for the environment ?
EM : I have learned my lesson in politics and no longer answer hypothetical questions !
I do plan on winning the seat .
And I would have been entirely sidelined as ED of Sierra Club of Canada .
As long as Stephen Harper is prime minister , work within the environmental movement is totally sidelined .
I think I can do more good in this scenario as leader of the Greens .
A basalt handaxe ( top ) and basalt cleaver ( bottom ) , found at an archaeological site in Israel demonstrating the earliest known living area organization .
In a stone - age version of " Iron Chef , " early humans were dividing their living spaces into kitchens and work areas much earlier than previously thought , a new study found .
So rather than cooking and eating in the same area where they snoozed , early humans demarcated such living quarters .
Archaeologists discovered evidence of this coordinated living at a hominid site at Gesher Benot Ya‘aqov , Israel from about 800,000 years ago .
Scientists are n't sure exactly who lived there , but it predates the appearance of modern humans , so it was likely a human ancestor such as Homo erectus .
Yet this advanced organizational skill was thought to be a marker of modern human intelligence .
Before now , the only concrete proof for divided living spaces dated back to only 100,000 years ago .
" Seeing this at such an early site was surprising , " said archaeozoologist Rivka Rabinovich of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
" This means there was some ability or some need or requirement of organization . "
Rabinovich and her colleagues , led by Nira Alperson - Afil , also of the University of Jerusalem , published their findings in the Dec. 18 issue of the journal Science .
The researchers excavated the remains of an early human encampment on the shores of an ancient lake .
They found used pieces of flint , rock tools , crab shells , fish bones , and bits of fruits , seeds , nuts , bark and wood .
The excavation proved that the hominids living there were hunting not just land mammals , but sea creatures like fish , crabs and turtles .
And these remains were not scattered randomly , but instead concentrated in certain areas .
The food remains and stone - tool bits were found in one area , while the flint scraps ( likely from cooking tools ) were clustered in another region .
The scientists think the camp 's hearth was located in the southeast area of the site , and that food - making and eating took place mostly near there .
In addition , most of the stone - tool remains — bits of basalt and limestone rocks that had been shaped into usable instruments — were also clustered near the hearth .
In contrast , the northwestern region held most of the flint remains and evidence of fish preparation .
The archaeologists think this could have been a working area for the early human inhabitants .
" The designation of different areas for different activities indicates a formalized conceptualization of living space , often considered to reflect sophisticated cognition and thought to be unique to Homo sapiens , " the researchers wrote in the Science paper .
This skill also indicates the inhabitants had some kind of social organization and coordination between individuals .
" It clearly shows that they 're much more advanced than we previously thought , " co-author Irit Zohar of the University of Haifa told LiveScience .
A physicist whose work is often highlighted by climate - change sceptics is refusing to provide the software he used to other climate researchers attempting to replicate his results .
Nicola Scafetta , a physicist at Duke University in Durham , North Carolina , has published a series of papers over the past few years that suggest the sun played a much bigger role in warming over the 20th century than is generally accepted .
In particular , one 2006 paper he co-authored concluded that : “ The sun might have contributed approximately 50 per cent of the observed global warming since 1900 ” ( Geophysical Research Letters , DOI : 10.1029/2006GL027142 ) .
This paper has been widely cited by those seeking to cast doubt on the scientific consensus on the cause of climate change , including US senator James Inhofe .
Scafetta has also contributed to a book that claimed that “ carbon dioxide probably is not the driving factor behind climate change ” .
Many researchers in the field ( PDF ) , however , regard Scafetta ’s scientific papers on the sun ’s role in global warming as incorrect , despite their publication in peer - reviewed journals .
Advertisement
Playing down the sun
Earlier this year , for instance , Rasmus Benestad of the Norwegian Meteorological Institute in Oslo and Gavin Schmidt of NASAs Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York published a paper claiming that Scafetta ’s methodology produces larger errors than he acknowledges .
Benestad and Schmidt concluded that the sun is responsible for only about 7 per cent of the warming in the 20th century and none after 1980 .
Scafetta claims Benestad and Schmidt have made many errors of their own .
However , he is now refusing to give them the program code he used to allow them to try to replicate his results .
New Scientist was copied in on a series of emails between Benestad and Scafetta over the past week , in which Scaffetta repeatedly refused to provide the code .
“ If you just disclose your code and data , then we will manage to get to the bottom of this , ” Benestad writes in one email .
“ I really do not understand why you are not able to write your own program to reproduce the calculations , ” responds Scafetta .
In response to direct questions from New Scientist , Scafetta said the code in question had been submitted to a scientific journal and that if “ the journal takes its time to publish it , it is not our fault ” .
Benestad says the code he is asking for relates to papers already published .
Show us your code
Some of those questioning the scientific consensus on climate change have long demanded that climate scientists release all their data and code , an issue that has come to the fore following the “ Climategate ” affair .
Some climate scientists reject such calls , in part because the data and code relating to published studies can have commercial value .
Many others , however , welcome the idea because it will make research much easier .
Back in 2003 , Michael Mann , now at Penn State University in University Park , initially refused to make available the data and code relating to the “ hockey stick ” graph .
Now he is releasing all the data and code relating to his papers .
Researchers like Benestad say the demand for more open access and increased transparency should also apply to researchers who question the scientific consensus , making it far quicker and easier to settle debates about errors in papers .
Inhofe ’s office continues to highlight Mann ’s initial refusal to release his data and code .
It remains to be seen whether the senator will join those calling for Scafetta to release his code .
Read more : New Scientist ‘s full coverage of the latest Copenhagen and climate change news
London , England ( CNN ) --
French diplomats call it " soft power . "
But they know it 's got real , hard value .
That 's cultural diplomacy " a la francaise " , the government - sponsored , multi-million dollar institutionalized campaign to spread , well , Frenchness throughout the world .
In an increasingly globalized planet where the English language and Hollywood dominate , the French are taking all things French very seriously .
And they 're putting their money where their " bonjours " are .
The French foreign ministry -- and so the French taxpayer -- picks up the tab for roughly two - thirds of the budget for cultural diplomacy , ministry officials say , a sub-set of international diplomacy that diplomats consider ever more important .
It is estimated France spends a whopping $ 1.4 billion each year promoting its culture and language abroad .
The number has to be estimated because the effort comes through a jumble of programs cutting across various government ministries , officials say .
At the Lycee Louis - Charles Dumais in Jakarta , Indonesia , for example , more French is spoken in the schoolyard than anything else .
And that 's because the lycee , or high school , is just one of 460 French primary and secondary schools operating in 130 countries outside France .
France has a quarter of a million students abroad , supported by its taxpayers , following the French national curriculum , most of whom are not citizens .
That 's just a small part of the country 's cultural diplomacy .
The Alliance Francaise , a network of more than a thousand associations around the world , partly supported by the French government , teach the French language , show French films , operate libraries and generally spread Frenchness wherever they operate .
" It 's sort of a global part of what diplomacy has to be , " Gerald Candelle of the Alliance Francaise , told CNN .
" The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has always considered that culture is also a complete part of this diplomacy . "
In the last two years , the French government has stepped up its cultural diplomacy , officials say , trying to better coordinate and target its cultural efforts , putting new value on what is clearly believed to be an important tool .
Cultural diplomacy " also helps our enterprises , our companies , " Delphine Borione , of the French foreign ministry , told CNN .
" It helps also to attract students to France , it promotes better capacity and interaction in other countries , which are under the French model , so it contributes to French influence . "
Within France , too , keeping French culture pure is also institutionalized .
L'Academie Francaise , or the French academy , is the country 's leading body on all matters pertaining to the French language .
It is an erudite group tasked with being the country 's last word on the usages , vocabulary and grammar of French .
Although it publishes an official French dictionary , its rulings are not binding .
L'Academie , established in 1635 by the court of King Louis XIII , has tried to prevent the encroaching Anglicization of the French language , which has come under increased pressure with the widespread availability of English media and popular culture , like television and movies .
The Academy recommended , for example , that some words borrowed from English -- walkman , software and email -- be avoided in favor of words derived from French .
It has met with mixed success , however , and critics have complained the 40 - member body whose members are known as " les immortels " is too conservative .
Part of the effort to expand French influence abroad has been conducted through the country 's overseas media outlets , where there are also moves to consolidate and rejuvenate operations to give them a more focused mission .
" It 's very important that we use not only TV , but Internet and whatever else , to tell other people in the world what our ideas are , what our debates are , what are values are , " Christine Ockrent from the French Audio - Visual board told CNN .
In the Paris suburbs , a French dance troupe known as the Castafiore group is rehearsing for an upcoming tour of China .
The trip is part of the $ 48 million ( €35 million ) a government agency called Culture France is spending each year to send French artists abroad .
" We 're the cherry on the cake , " a member of the dance troupe told CNN .
" France has a lot of commercial and economic exchanges , but this cultural one is the little plus that might make a difference . "
" We feel like diplomats , " she told CNN .
" But we are dancers , and it 's the thing we can do . "
CNN 's Jim Bitterman contributed to this report .
We bring to the attention of Global Research readers this important commentary by Dr.Joseph Mercola .
The fundamental issue is who owns the intellectual property rights over Tamiflu .
The media reports suggest that the Swiss pharmaceutical company Roche will make billions .
While the drug is produced by Roche , it was developed by Gilead Sciences Inc. which owns the intellectual property rights .
Gilead , which has maintained a low profile , has outsourced the production to Roche .
Donald Rumsfeld was appointed Chairman of Gilead Sciences , Inc. in 1997 , a position which he held in the years prior to becoming Secretary of Defense .
in the Bush adminstration .
Rumsfeld had been on the Board of Directors from the establishment of Gilead in 1987 .
As confirmed in a company press statement in 1997 , Donald H. Rumsfeld assumed the position of Chairman , of GILEAD : :
“ Gilead is fortunate to have had Don Rumsfeld as a stalwart board member since the company ’s earliest days , and we are very pleased that he has accepted the Chairmanship , ” Dr. Riordan said .
“ He has played an important role in helping to build and steer the company .
His broad experience in leadership positions in both industry and government will serve us well as Gilead continues to build its commercial presence . ”
According to company statement : Gilead Science Inc “ has been active in the development of inhibitors for the potential treatment and prevention of viral influenza and protease inhibitors for the potential treatment of HIV ”
“ The Company ’s research and development efforts encompass three interrelated programs : small molecule antivirals , cardiovascular therapeutics and genetic code blockers for cancer and other diseases .
Gilead ’s expertise in each of these areas has also resulted in the discovery and development of non-nucleotide product candidates , including neuraminidase inhibitors for the potential treatment and prevention of viral influenza and protease inhibitors for the potential treatment of HIV ”
Also find below an article published in the SF Chronicle , which points to the relationship between GILEAD and Roche in relation to the Rights over Tami Flu .
Michel Chossudovsky , Global Research , 26 Oct 2005
Who Owns the rights on Tamiflu
by Joseph Mercola
www.mercola.com
Finally , the pieces of the puzzle start to add up .
Not long ago , President Bush sought to instill panic in this country by telling us a minimum of 200,000 people will die from the avian flu pandemic , but it could be as bad as 2 million deaths in this country alone .
This hoax is then used to justify the immediate purchase of 80 million doses of Tamiflu , a worthless drug that in no way shape or form treats the avian flu , but only decreases the amount of days one is sick and can actually contribute to the virus having more lethal mutations .
So the U.S. placed an order for 20 million doses of this worthless drug at a price of $ 100 per dose .
That comes to a staggering $ 2 billion .
We are being told that Roche manufactures Tamiflu and , in a recent New York Times article , they were battling whether or not they would allow generic drug companies to help increase their production .
But if you dig further you will find that a drug was actually developed by a company called Gilead that 10 years ago gave Roche the exclusive rights to market and sell Tamiflu .
Ahh , The Plot Thickens …
If you read the link below from Gilead , you ’ll discover Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld was made the chairman of Gilead in 1997 .
Since Rumsfeld holds major portions of stock in Gilead , he will handsomely profit from the scare tactics of the government that is being used to justify the purchase of $ 2 billion of Tamiflu .
TEXT OF 1997 PRESS RELEASE BY GILEAD SCIENCE INC
Donald H. Rumsfeld Named Chairman of Gilead Sciences
Foster City , CA , January 3 , 1997 – Gilead Sciences Inc. ( Nasdaq : GILD ) today announced that board member Donald H. Rumsfeld will assume the position of Chairman , effective immediately .
Mr. Rumsfeld succeeds Michael L. Riordan , M.D. , who founded Gilead in 1987 and has served as Chairman since 1993 .
Dr. Riordan will continue to serve as a director on the board .
“ Gilead is fortunate to have had Don Rumsfeld as a stalwart board member since the company ’s earliest days , and we are very pleased that he has accepted the Chairmanship , ” Dr. Riordan said .
“ He has played an important role in helping to build and steer the company .
His broad experience in leadership positions in both industry and government will serve us well as Gilead continues to build its commercial presence . ”
“ In my years with Gilead , I have witnessed the evolution of one of the industry ’s premier biotechnology companies , ” Mr. Rumsfeld said .
“ Michael Riordan ’s founding vision and enormous accomplishments are evident in the VISTIDE ® product approval , deep pipeline and talented team that will continue to move Gilead to develop novel treatments for viral diseases . ”
Mr. Rumsfeld , who joined Gilead as a director in 1988 , is currently in private business and is distinguished for his accomplishments in both industry and government .
Mr. Rumsfeld served as chief executive officer of G.D. Searle , a worldwide pharmaceutical company , from 1977 to 1985 .
During this time , his stewardship of Searle earned him awards as the Outstanding Chief Executive Officer in the pharmaceutical industry in 1980 and 1981 .
He also served as chairman and chief executive of General Instrument Corporation , a diversified electronics company and world leader in broadband and all digital high definition television technology .
A graduate of Princeton University , Mr. Rumsfeld has served in numerous positions of public service , including four terms in the U.S. Congress , U.S. Ambassador to NATO , White House Chief of Staff and as the 13th Secretary of Defense .
In 1977 , Mr. Rumsfeld was awarded the nation ’s highest civilian award , the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
In addition to Gilead , Mr. Rumsfeld presently serves as an advisor to several companies and as a member of the board of directors of ABB AB ; Gulfstream Aerospace Corp . ; Kellogg ; Metricom , Inc. ; Sears , Roebuck and Co. and Tribune Company .
Mr. Rumsfeld ’s current civic activities include service on the board of trustees of the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowship , Freedom House and the RAND Corporation .
Dr. Riordan will continue to assist the company with strategic direction through his involvement on the board of directors .
Since founding the company in 1987 , Riordan has overseen Gilead ’s evolution to a leading biotechnology company with its first approved product and a diversified pipeline of antiviral therapies .
“ Michael Riordan ’s vision and leadership have guided Gilead from a start - up to a commercial company , and we are pleased to rely on his continued counsel as an active board member , ” John C. Martin , Ph.D. , President and Chief Executive Officer of Gilead said .
“ Over the past several years , I have enjoyed working with Don Rumsfeld as an active director and look forward to his new role as Chairman as we continue to build the Gilead business . ”
Gilead Sciences is a leader in the discovery and development of a new class of human therapeutics based on nucleotides , the building blocks of DNA and RNA .
In 1996 , Gilead ’s first product , VISTIDE ( cidofovir injection ) , was cleared by the U.S. Food & Drug Administration for the treatment of cytomegalovirus ( CMV ) retinitis in patients with AIDS .
Gilead has other nucleotide product candidates in human testing for the potential treatment of viral diseases caused by CMV , human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) , hepatitis B virus , herpes simplex virus and human papillomavirus .
The Company ’s research and development efforts encompass three interrelated programs : small molecule antivirals , cardiovascular therapeutics and genetic code blockers for cancer and other diseases .
Gilead ’s expertise in each of these areas has also resulted in the discovery and development of non-nucleotide product candidates , including neuraminidase inhibitors for the potential treatment and prevention of viral influenza and protease inhibitors for the potential treatment of HIV
copyright Gilead Sciences Inc .
link to original press prelease Gilead Sciences Inc
Biotech firm wants to regain control of avian flu drug
Gilead says deal with Roche Inc. threatens Tamiflu ’s production
Sabin Russell , Chronicle Medical Writer
Friday , June 24 , 2005
Citing “ ongoing neglect of the product , ” a Bay Area biotech company is attempting to reclaim control of Tamiflu , an antiviral drug it sold to Swiss pharmaceutical giant Roche Inc. that has since emerged as the world ’s only practical weapon against a potential pandemic of avian flu .
The Foster City - based Gilead Sciences , best known for its AIDS drug Viread , notified Roche on Thursday that it was terminating the 1996 agreement that gave the Swiss company exclusive rights to make and sell Tamiflu .
Gilead executives disclosed that they have been peppering Roche with complaints about its marketing of Tamiflu for five years , and that manufacturing glitches have been responsible for earlier shortages of a drug now deemed vitally important to public health .
Formerly a lackluster seller in the market for drugs to treat influenza , Tamiflu has become a valuable commodity since December 2003 , when scientists became alarmed that a new flu strain that primarily killed chickens in Southeast Asia was starting to kill people who lived in close proximity to the birds .
In April , Roche reported its first quarter sales of Tamiflu quadrupled to $ 330 million .
Copyright San Francisco Chronicle 2005
