It was exactly 10 years ago , 1999 , that the heat of a rocket ship on its way to Mars turned the dark Ohio winter into summer .
The First Expedition landed men on Mars but it would be three expeditions later before the men of Earth would fully inhabit the red planet and make it their own .
Eventually , they would come with their families , build homes and cities on the dead Martian sands , and create new histories that would replace their own and those of the Martian lives they destroyed .
The Martian Chronicles , by Ray Bradbury .
222 pages .
Doubleday .
Or so Ray Bradbury imagined it when he was writing The Martian Chronicles a half - century ago in 1949 ( it was published in 1950 ) .
Just a few years before , World War II created a lasting , worldwide fear of nuclear apocalypse .
While wars of the past had ended one empire or another , Hiroshima and Nagasaki made us believe in the destruction of human civilization itself .
Where could we escape ?
By 1949 , most of our own planet had been mapped , and the dreams of explorers past fulfilled .
So , the people of Earth directed their hopes skyward .
Outer space took on the Utopian qualities once embodied by the Arctic and the deep seas .
Space travel was hope .
Science fiction its manual .
Just 20 years later , in 1969 — three decades before Bradbury ’s “ Rocket Summer ” of 1999 — Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed on the moon .
It was n’t Mars , but it was close enough .
The dream had become real .
For a moment , people forgot about the bomb and Vietnam , forgot about hippies and squares and commies and capitalist pigs .
The world was captivated , stunned , as the concept of human possibility expanded between commercial breaks .
As dramatically as the world — and Americans in particular — trembled with excitement for one special , historic day , the enchantment dissipated .
By 1972 , the Apollo missions were abandoned .
There would be no space colonies , no lunar vacations for civilians .
We would n’t land on Mars , and the moon has n’t felt the footsteps of man since .
Really , it ’s hubris that we imagine ourselves in space at all .
That same hubris led us to the bottom of the oceans , though we lacked fins , and into the clouds with aluminum wings .
They say that Nature abhors a vacuum , but human beings really can’t imagine a place that does n’t need us .
Space is there , so it must have something for us , and we must get that thing .
Over time , our fantasies of what space could be got all tangled up with what they needed to be .
Suddenly , the reasons we were exploring in the first place got confused .
This is the fundamental dilemma of all exploration .
Human imagination sees possibilities ; human necessity seeks to exploit those possibilities .
Somewhere along the way , romance fades .
In The Martian Chronicles , the Settlers traveled to Mars for all kinds of reasons .
“ They came because they were afraid or unafraid , because they were happy or unhappy , because they felt like Pilgrims or did not feel like Pilgrims .
There was a reason for each man… .
They were coming to find something or leave something or get something , to dig up something or bury something ….
They were coming with small dreams or large dreams or none at all . ”
The first astronauts came just to be the first and were never heard from again .
The second astronauts wanted to solve the mystery .
All the black people in the southern United States pooled their money to build their own rockets and leave Earth for a freer life .
Old people came for new experience .
Young people came to name towns and rivers after themselves .
The old Martian names were of “ buried sorcerers and obelisks . ”
The new names were solidly of Earth : Aluminum City , Detroit II , Corn Town .
In short , the Settlers came with the same dreams they had on Earth , imagining nothing more or less .
Moving to Mars was like moving anywhere new .
Space was the receptacle for the same competing human ideals they had on Earth .
John Glenn , the first American to orbit the Earth .
This story of idealism giving way to realism is mirrored in the actual history of our conquest of the moon .
John F. Kennedy tapped into our national romanticism , but sending men to space , American men , was ultimately a matter of national pride and safety .
When the Soviet Union blasted Yuri Gagarin into orbit in 1961 , Kennedy was petrified that space would become the home of Russian “ Communist ” values and not American “ Democratic ” ones .
So he decided to make space travel a government priority , laying out his vision in the now - famous Rice Stadium speech , excerpted here :
We set sail on this new sea because there is new knowledge to be gained , and new rights to be won , and they must be won and used for the progress of all people .
For space science , like nuclear science and all technology , has no conscience of its own .
Whether it will become a force for good or ill depends on man , and only if the United States occupies a position of pre-eminence can we help decide whether this new ocean will be a sea of peace or a new terrifying theater of war .
I do not say that we should or will go unprotected against the hostile misuse of space any more than we go unprotected against the hostile use of land or sea , but I do say that space can be explored and mastered without feeding the fires of war… .
There is no strife , no prejudice , no national conflict in outer space as yet … .
Its conquest deserves the best of all mankind , and its opportunity for peaceful cooperation may never come again .
But why , some say , the moon ?
Why choose this as our goal ?
And they may well ask why climb the highest mountain ?
Why , 35 years ago , fly the Atlantic ?
Why does Rice play Texas ?
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon in this decade and do the other things , not because they are easy , but because they are hard … .
Kennedy saw space travel as a venture that would enrich human knowledge .
His “ new rights to be won ” statement could be read as sympathy to the burgeoning civil rights movement as much as for the “ right ” to conquer space .
However , he also makes it clear that space research had become a race , a competition .
Kennedy was motivated by war and fear of more war .
The idealistic parts of the speech — the ones most remembered , about choosing to do the things because they are hard and climbing the highest mountain — lose their zest when placed in the context of the whole speech .
It ’s pretty straightforward .
America must get to space now , Kennedy was saying , before it can be used against us , rather than for us .
Before it succumbs to Communism .
Ray Bradbury thinks there are two camps of people when it comes to space travel : those who see it as a means and those who see it as an end .
For him , landing on the moon was an opportunity to imagine greater possibilities , delve into greater mysteries .
In this , he told Playboy in 1996 , we failed .
BRADBURY : JFK , for a brief moment in his last year , challenged us to go to the moon .
But even he was n’t motivated by astronomical love .
He cried , “ Watch my dust ! ” to the Russians , and we were off .
But once we reached the moon , the romance started to fade .
Without that , dreams do n’t last .
That ’s no surprise — material rewards do last , so the history of exploration on earth is about harvesting rich lodes …
We need space for reasons we have not as yet discovered , and I do n’t mean Tupperware .
PLAYBOY : Tupperware ?
BRADBURY : NASA feels it has to justify everything it does in practical terms .
And Tupperware was one of the many practical products that came out of space travel .
NASA feels it has got to flimflam you to get you to spend the money on space .
That ’s b.s .
We do n’t need that .
Space travel is life - enhancing , and anything that ’s life - enhancing is worth doing .
It makes you want to live forever .
Flying saucer , Plan 9 from Outer Space .
We all believe that we are , at heart , defenders of astronomical love and not Tupperware .
Promoters of peace and not war .
The actual moon landing did effectively replace romance with reality .
Bradbury believes new romance can always be generated with more imagination .
“ In order to colonize in space , ” Bradbury told Playboy , “ we must imagine the future . ” Imagination is Bradbury ’s raison d’être .
It ’s what gives real life its romance .
In other words , imagination is love of the journey itself .
But Bradbury is also painfully aware that life is more complicated than that .
There will always be a tension between what we imagine life can be and what it is .
Wars exist and Tupperware is pretty handy .
The Martian Chronicles , then , is a tale not just of space travel ’s possibilities but its limits .
Celebrating the 40thh anniversary of the Apollo moon landing this year , space travel in the new millennium still wavers between technological necessity , astronomical love , and international politics .
In 2004 , less than a year after the United States invaded Iraq , President George Bush announced his vision for a reenergized manned space program .
His speech sounded more like the opening credits of Star Trek than a press conference .
“ We ’ll build new ships to carry man forward into the universe , ” Bush declared , “ to gain a new foothold on the moon and to prepare for new journeys to the worlds beyond our own . ”
By 2020 , Americans would return to the moon .
There , they would build a permanent colony that would act as a “ launching point for missions beyond . ”
Namely , manned travel to Mars .
Bradbury thought Bush ’s “ Vision for Space Exploration ” speech was great , and welcomed his enthusiasm .
But there was a major gap between the rhetoric and the reality .
Soon after the speech came major cuts in NASA ’s budget for research .
In 2005 , Bush made Michael Griffin — a key figure in Reagan ’s Star Wars program — head administrator of NASA .
How the Obama administration will approach human spaceflight is yet to be decided .
As he juggles the recession and the Iraq / Pakistan / Afghanistan runoff from the Bush days , space does seem far away indeed .
Space is expensive .
Yet the Bradburys of the world may yet be pleased .
Obama ’s American Recovery
Act includes a proposed budget to finish the International Space Station ( a Bush directive ) and also the return of Americans to the Moon .
A committee called the Review of United States Human Space Flight Plans is to present a proposal to the Administration by summer ’s end .
It is chaired by Norman Augustine , the former President of Lockheed Martin .
“ I can remember how excited people were when Neil and Buzz walked on the moon , and Mike circled the moon , what a shot it gave this nation at a time it really needed it , ” Augustine told NPR in July .
Though the Cold War is over , he said , space exploration can still inspire .
John Olsen , co-director of NASA ’s exploration program in Washington , D.C. agrees that going back to the Moon ASAP is valuable for the obvious reasons like technological development and educating the public .
The first reason though , is “ our innate desire and yearning to explore the unknown and to expand . ”
“ We ’re not going back as a race , we ’re not going back for flags and footsteps .
We ’re going back for really what is the beginning of a journey . ”
Astronaut Deke Slayton embraces cosmonaut
Aleksey Leonov in the Soyuz spacecraft , 1975
The Cold War space race is now an anachronism ; competition between the U.S. and Russia is no longer the prime motivator for either country ’s programs .
These days , space research is an international affair .
The number of countries able to conduct basic space activities is considerable ( around 60 including a number of developing countries as well as two UN agencies ) .
24 - 7 , all year ´round , astronauts ( American and Russian alike ) are orbiting the Earth together in the International Space Station , sharing dehydrated beverages .
Of course , when Chinese people celebrated their country ’s first space walk last fall , many other countries were horrified .
Though the United States may wish to promote space travel as a journey and not a race , the ambitions of other countries ’ burgeoning programs may direct otherwise .
“ We ’ve been busy with war instead of being busy with peace , ” Ray Bradbury told Fox News in 2004 .
“ That ’s what space travel is all about .
It ’s all about peace and exploration and wonder and beauty . ”
We never lost our enthusiasm for space travel , but we did lose our innocence .
We know too much about what it can give us and what it can destroy .
Space travel is indeed about exploration and wonder and beauty .
But call it fear of war or desire for peace — in the end , rivalry is one of the main reasons rocket ships got built .
Even in The Martian Chronicles , it ’s threat of global nuclear war that spurs colonization of Mars .
Whatever his motivations , Kennedy got men to the Moon — and kept the Cold War cold .
Fox News asked Bradbury , “ Do you think that life once existed on Mars ? ” Bradbury replied , “ We just do n’t know .
It does n’t matter , because we ’re going to become the Martians when we land there .
When we explore and build communities , we become the Martians .
That ’s a wonderful destiny for all of us . ”
Bradbury ’s point was that , whenever we travel — through the world , through space , and through life — we are alien creatures , on unfamiliar ground , making it up as we go .
When we get too cocky or too fearful or too mercenary , we lose our excitement , and we become invaders rather than explorers .
As Kennedy himself might have put it , we start to focus more on what the new territory can do for us and less on what we can learn from it .
Exploration will always be funded by those with monetary ambitions , and supported by those with nationalistic ambitions .
Yet exploration ’s spirit , its ideas , its possibilities , will be driven by those who simply want to explore .
Whether or not we get to Mars one day , we can still be Martians just the same .
• 18 August 2009
Proxy numbers meant the deal was already in the bag , but around 60 shareholders turned up in Sydney yesterday for Lion Nathan ’s last meeting as an Australasian public - listed company to give their personal nod to Japanese food and beverages company Kirin ’s $ 3.4 billion takeover of the rest of the company it did not own .
The bid won overwhelming support , with 98.75 per cent of the company ’s 4696 shareholders voting 91.9 per cent in favour of Kirin ’s $ 12 a share May bid for the remaining 53.87 per cent of the company it did not own .
Kirin did not vote .
Lion Nathan ’s interim dividend of 22 cents per share in June meant the original $ 12.22 bid , including dividend , reduced the offer to $ 12 per share ( $ 11.50 for each Lion Nathan share , paid by Kirin and a special dividend of 50 cents per share , paid by Lion Nathan ) .
The vote cements the company as Australia 's largest food and drinks group – to be known in future as Lion Nathan National Foods , employing 10,000 staff .
Lion ’s chief executive , Rob Murray , and his senior executive team will run the entire group from Sydney headquarters and an office in Melbourne .
Kirin ’s ownership , now subject only to procedural clearance , has paved the way for it to integrate the Lion beer business with its National Foods dairy and juice group in Australia , including the Dairy Farmers milk group but not Kirin ’s Australian malting business .
Chairman Geoff Ricketts said after the meeting sales of the combined company were $ 7.5 billion .
He also said that had the $ 7.7 billion offer by Lion Nathan for Coca - Cola Amatil succeeded earlier this year the Kirin takeover would not have been on the table .
Lion wanted to buy 30 per cent of The Coca Cola Company ’s shareholding in Coca - Cola Amatil .
Mr Ricketts said the most likely reason Lion was unsuccessful with its offer was because “ Australia and New Zealand did n’t really register on the radar ” at Coca Cola ’s Atlanta headquarters .
He said at the time Coca Cola was also focused on its subsequently unsuccessful $ US2.4 billion bid for Huiyuan Juice in China .
If that takeover had eventuated it would have been the largest ever of a Chinese company .
Mr Ricketts said when Lion was listed on the NZX 10 years ago its shares were the equivalent of $ 3.53 .
The return to shareholders over that period had been nearly 300 percent - 132 per cent in the past five years - whereas returns over the broader share market in the last decade had been just 80 per cent .
Mr Ricketts reaffirmed that Kirin had no intention to sell the Lion wine business even though it had been struggling , nor was he aware of any plans to sell any other assets .
He said he had no great insights on talk of a Kirin / Suntory merger but if it did proceed he said it presented growth opportunities because Suntory was complementary to Kirin ’s National Foods .
He said Kirin was in acquisition mode .
When a shareholder today questioned the value of the offer in light of the rising stock market , Mr Ricketts said Lion ’s share price had not dropped in line with most market companies because it was a defensive stock .
He therefore regarded the offer still to be at a premium price .
One of those little symbols looks like it 's WAY too close for comfort
Pakistan 's army went on a full - scale offensive after the government ordered troops to flush out militants from the Islamist stronghold , once an exotic tourist destination .
... In an incident that could hurt government efforts to rally support for the offensive , suspected pilotless U.S. drone aircraft fired missiles Saturday at targets in South Waziristan , an al Qaeda and Taliban sanctuary on the Afghanistan border , intelligence officials said .
One official as well as a Taliban source said the missiles killed five militants .
Another intelligence official put the death toll at as high as 20 .
Hours later , Pakistani security forces killed 18 militants in the same region , the military said .
The shootout erupted after militants attacked a military convoy , killing one soldier and wounding two .
U.S. attacks have been criticized for killing civilians and violating sovereignty , and have caused opposition to Islamabad cooperating with Washington in fighting militants .
As the insurgency of the Taliban and Al Qaeda spreads in Pakistan , senior American officials say they are increasingly concerned about new vulnerabilities for Pakistan ’s nuclear arsenal , including the potential for militants to snatch a weapon in transport or to insert sympathizers into laboratories or fuel - production facilities .
... “ We are largely relying on assurances , the same assurances we have been hearing for years , ” said one senior official who was involved in the dialogue with Pakistan during the Bush years , and remains involved today .
“ The worse things get , the more strongly they hew to the line , ‘ Do n’t worry , we ’ve got it under control . ' " ...
[ C] ooperation , according to officials who would not speak for attribution because of the sensitivity surrounding the exchanges between Washington and Islamabad , has been sharply limited when the subject has turned to the vulnerabilities in the Pakistani nuclear infrastructure .
The Obama administration inherited from President Bush a multiyear , $ 100 million secret American program to help Pakistan build stronger physical protections around some of those facilities , and to train Pakistanis in nuclear security .
But much of that effort has now petered out , and American officials have never been permitted to see how much of the money was spent , the facilities where the weapons are kept or even a tally of how many Pakistan has produced .
The facility Pakistan was supposed to build to conduct its own training exercises is running years behind schedule .
Last week , I suggested at my travel site , The Around The World Blog that one of Pakistan 's most beloved tourist destinations , the picturesque Swat Valley , might be a good place to cross off your future travel plans , although if you 're just in your teens or twenties , it could be ok for your grandchildren -- maybe .
And that 's a big maybe , but one that means a lot to Barack Obama today .
" We have huge strategic interests , huge national security interests in making sure that Pakistan is stable and that you do n't end up having a nuclear - armed militant state .
" Late last night Reuters was reporting a full - scale assault by the American - equipped Pakistani Army on Taliban positions in the Swat Valley , which had been previously ceded to the Taliban as part of a ceasefire God told the Taliban to break immediately .
They bombed the hell out of the place -- planes , helicopter gunships ... the whole works .
Half a million civilians had already fled but a curfew , later lifted , was keeping anyone else in the line of fire from getting out .
Apparently cleaning the Taliban out of Swat , which is 80 miles from the capital of the country , was a demand Obama made of Pakistani President Zardari when he was in DC last week .
It was basically , get your ass in gear or forget any more aid , aid that keeps the country from falling into total chaos .
Obama also promised to help -- or threatened not to help -- with Zardari 's rival , former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif
This morning the kill claims by the military are growing , thousands more flee their homes , creating a serious internal refugee problem , and Prime Minister Gilani said in a press conference after an emergency cabinet meeting that the battle with the Taliban is a " battle for survival of Pakistan .
" Most Americans do n't care about any of this at all .
The only aspect that gets anyone 's attention is the possibility of Pakistan 's nuclear arsenal falling into the hands of the Taliban .
Could it happen ?
The Obama Administration says no .
Richard Lugar ( R - IN ) , who knows a lot about this stuff and , unlike most of his Senate Republican colleagues , puts America first and partisan differences on the backburner , is n't as optimistic .
So how secure is Pakistan 's nuclear arsenal ?
The Bush Regime put a lot of money into helping the Pakistanis put a good system of controls into place -- although I always suspected that those controls had more to do with preventing more proliferation ( ala A.Q. Khan ) than preventing a radical government from getting its hands on the weapons .
Everything I 've read indicates that the nukes are pretty secure .
Is pretty secure enough ?
The U.S. does n't know where all 60 to 100 weapons are and , supposedly , the Pakistanis refuse to tell their American counterparts , concerned " that the United States might be tempted to seize or destroy Pakistan ’s arsenal if the insurgency appeared about to engulf areas near Pakistan ’s nuclear sites .
" I'm sure you 've noticed what a mess Iraq and Afghanistan have been .
Iraq has 31,234,000 people , approximately the same as Afghanistan , although I doubt Afghanistan has half that many .
Pakistan has 165,900,000 , over a hundred million more than both combined .
And then there are those 60 - 100 supposedly secure nuclear weapons .
I 've been to Pakistan twice and the place creeped me out both times , although I was absolutely in love with both India and Afghanistan .
Pakistan , a weird and dysfunctional construct more than a real country to begin with , is falling apart right in front of our eyes now -- and it's going to be very , very ugly , much worse than anything we 've experienced in Iraq or Afghanistan .
The problems there are strictly about religious fundamentalism alone .
There is also a class aspect and an uprising against a rotten out and corrupt feudal society .
Today ' sreports that " It remains unlikely that Islamic militants could seize power in Pakistan , given the strength of Pakistan ’s military , according to American intelligence analysts . "
Now where have I heard that before ?
Certainly Iran and Cuba .
I 'm not sure if they said that about Libya in 1969 ; I was in Afghanistan when 27 year old Muammar Gaddafi overthrew U.S. puppet King Idris .
The strength of the Pakistani army is illusory , unless you mean they have tons and tons and tons of expensive American equipment that is unlikely to do them any good in a guerilla war against determined jihadis .
There is no there there and there 's nothing propping it up .
I suspect there are an awful lot of people transferring their savings to Britain around now .
Labels : nuclear proliferation , Pakistan , Taliban
Professor Olu Agbi said the portal would lead to the arrest and prosecution of Nigerian scammers .
Already , co-operation between Queensland Police and the EFCC has led to the arrest of 10 Nigerian fraudsters and their assets will be used to repay victims .
" The reports will show in Nigeria almost automatically - it makes it possible for the scammers to be traced as quickly as possible by the Nigerian EFCC , " he said .
Although the system is open to all Australians , NSW Police fraud squad head Detective Superintendent Col Dyson said he would take a closer look at the Queensland Police project and consider adding the reporting system to the NSW Police website .
Nigerian scams , also known as 419 frauds , are typically conducted via email and centre on the target being persuaded to advance significant sums of money in the hope of realising a much larger windfall in the future .
The victims believe they are investing to make a large profit but , after sending the money , the scammer disappears or , for the most gullible of victims , continues to ask for more advances .
Last year , angry at the negative perception of Nigeria created by news reports of Nigerian scams , Professor Olu Agbi lashed out , saying " greedy " Australian victims were also guilty because the scams they are caught up in usually involve the promise of easy profits by committing crimes such as money laundering .
In a phone interview yesterday , Professor Olu Agbi said he stood by those comments but would still do his best to help any victims to retrieve their money , " whether you are innocent or not innocent " .
" The only people I sympathise with really are the so - called internet romance [ victims ] ... that is purely emotional , " he said .
Detective Superintendent Brian Hay , head of the Queensland Police fraud squad , said 70 per cent of the Nigerian fraud cases he investigated were romance scams .
The fraudsters go as far as setting up fake profiles on dating sites using pictures of attractive men and women .
They string along potential targets for months before organising to meet them , but first ask for money , for instance , to help pay for a plane ticket .
Victims are also used by the scammers to receive stolen goods and even to act as drug mules .
Detective Superintendent Hay rejected Professor Olu Agbi's claims that Nigerian scam victims were greedy .
" My personal view is that a greedy person is someone who would be willing to cause a detriment to another in order to fulfil their needs and that applies to the fraudster , not the victim who got excited about an opportunity to better the lives of themselves and their families and accidentally threw logic out the window , " he said .
Detective Superintendent
Hay said that , most of the time , victims of Nigerian scams never get their money back because they parted with the money willingly , usually via cash remittance agencies .
He said Queenslanders lost about $ 660,000 a month to Nigerian scams , which represented one - fifth of the national average .
But the direct co-operation with the EFCC , enabled via the new online portal , would mean the fraudsters could be arrested and the money returned .
He said that , in the past few years , 10 Nigerians were locked up for computer fraud because of co-operation between the EFCC and Queensland Police .
One case had just been completed .
The perpetrator was jailed for 19 years with an order from the courts that all their assets - including two parcels of land and a car - be disposed of and repatriation made to the victim .
" It 's not just the money , " Detective Superintendent Hay said .
" These poor people end up on antidepressant meds , family relationship breakdowns , they go from being financially independent to being on welfare , we 've had some attempt suicide .
" We 've had people blow their entire superannuation , sell their houses , sell their business - they 've gone bankrupt . "
He said one of the biggest problems police faced was that victims were not coming forward and reporting the scams .
Most of the investigations of Nigerian frauds conducted by Queensland Police began when police contacted the victims asking why they sent so much money to Nigeria .
But Detective Superintendent
Hay hopes this will change thanks to the new online reporting system .
Loading
" It provides an effective , silent mechanism for them to make some inquiries or a report directly to the EFCC in Nigeria and have their matter looked at , " he said .
To better understand Nigerian fraud , Queensland Police is inviting law - enforcement bodies from around the world to the Gold Coast in October for a two - day National Advance Fee Fraud Symposium .
Former Prosecutors & Top Rated NJ Criminal Lawyers With Qualifications That Count
Have you or someone you know just been charged with a crime in New Jersey ?
The first step to understand your charge or charges starts by receiving free advice from a highly accomplished New Jersey criminal defense lawyer like those at Jonathan F. Marshall ’s firm .
Do n’t put your future in the hands of a lawyer who talks a big game but has little experience inside an actual courtroom .
When life hiccups , you need a team of Defense Attorneys who are highly experienced and aggressive in defending New Jersey offenses like yours , including drug possession , drug distribution , theft , DUI , and other criminal charges .
At the Law Offices of Jonathan F. Marshall , we have one of the largest and most experienced criminal defense teams in the state of New Jersey .
As former prosecutors and public defenders from cities and counties across the state , our attorneys know what you are up against .
We will explore all your options , not just push you to take a plea deal , but fight hard for a full dismissal .
We understand the emotional impact going through a criminal case is difficult on you and your family , and we are known as the Criminal Justice Attorneys because we care about your rights and ability to move on from this difficult time .
Not only do we offer Free Advice , but we also are familiar with the local New Jersey Courts & Prosecutors , giving us unique insight as to the best approach to secure a dismissal , acquittal or favorable plea bargain .
How to Contact Our Highly Skilled New Jersey Criminal Attorneys
Call us anytime , day or night , including on weekends .
We know how fast things can move after an initial arrest .
Our attorneys act quickly to protect your rights during the criminal process from the very beginning .
They are accessible immediately by contacting one of our offices near you .
Below is a video of a vicious gay - bashing in Queens .
It 's below the fold because it 's painful to watch .
But the most amazing part of the news segment is an interview with one of the suspect 's buddies , who accused the victim of " coming on " to his friends and thereby deserving a beatdown - near to death .
As he denies there was any anti-gay bias in the attack , he wears a proud Leviticus tattoo above .
Video and news segment after the jump :
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Contraception advice is crucial to poor countries ’ battle with climate change , and policy makers are failing their people if they continue to shy away from the issue , a leading family planning expert said on Friday .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
Leo Bryant , a lead researcher on a World Health Organisation study on population growth and climate change , said the stigma attached to birth control in both developing and developed countries was hindering vital progress .
“ We are certainly not advocating that governments should start telling people how many children they can have , ” said Bryant , an advocacy manager at the family planning group Marie Stopes International , who wrote a commentary in the Lancet medical journal on Friday .
“ The ability to choose your family size ... is a fundamental human right .
But lack of access to family planning means millions of people in developing countries do n’t have that right , ” he told Reuters .
Bryant ’s study of climate change adaptation plans by governments in the world ’s 40 poorest countries showed that almost all of them link rapid population growth to environmental impact , but only six had proposed steps to tackle it .
“ Acknowledgement of the problem is widespread , but resolve to address seems to be very much a minority sport , ” he said .
Bryant said 200 million women across the world want contraceptives , but can not get them .
Addressing this need would slow population growth and reduce demographic pressure on the environment .
In most countries with good access to birth control , average family sizes shrink dramatically within a generation , he said .
But policymakers in rich donor nations are wary of talking about contraception for fear of being accused of advocating draconian ideas like sterilization or one - child policies .
Bryant ’s comments echo those by the head of Britain ’s science academy Martin Rees , who told Reuters this month that the stigma holding women back from getting access to birth control must be removed to reduce the impact of rising populations on climate change .
The world ’s population is forecast to rise by one third to more than 9 billion people by 2050 , with 95 percent of this growth in developing countries .
In a study to be published in the WHO Bulletin in November , Bryant and colleagues said that population growth in poorer nations was unlikely to increase global warming significantly , as their carbon emissions are relatively low .
But overpopulation combined with climate change would worsen living conditions by degrading natural resources , they said .
Climate change can also not only cause more natural disasters such as storms , but force people to live in areas at risk of floods , drought and disease .
Bryant said health policies targeting family planning must be combined projects to educate people about sustainable farming and land management .
“ Then the gains that you make in environmental sustainability in the immediate term are going to be protected in the long term against a rapidly growing population , ” he said .
A pink banana marks a milestone today , as Kew Gardens celebrates collecting the seeds of 10 per cent of the world 's wild plants .
The banana in question , the Yunnan banana , Musa itinerans , found in Asia from China to India , is the 24,200th species to be conserved for Kew 's Millennium Seed Bank , and as such denotes the 10 per cent mark in Kew 's mammoth task of collecting and preserving the world 's wild seeds , which it took up in 2000 .
It is 24,200 down and 217,800 to go in what is perhaps the most ambitious botanical project anywhere – that of fending off the multiple threats of extinction hanging over the flowering plants of the world , of which 70 per cent are now at risk .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Collecting their seeds is an insurance against future disasters , as Kew scientists believe many will be capable of germination hundreds of years from now , once they are dried and stored at 20 degrees below zero at the £ 80 m seed bank , located at the Royal Botanic Gardens ' outstation at Wakehurst Place in Sussex .
Botanical bodies from more than 50 countries have joined in a global partnership with Kew to facilitate the collection exercise .
The seeds of the Yunnan banana were gathered in south - west China by the Kunming Institute of Botany , which is part of the Chinese Academy of Sciences .
The case of Musa itinerans shows precisely why the seed bank matters .
The banana is an important staple food for wild Asian elephants and other wildlife .
And its young flowers and stem are made into popular dishes in southern Chinese restaurants .
Although the fruit is not itself a major food crop for humans , it represents an important genetic resource for the tropical fruits industry , as it is a wild crop relative that can be used to breed new banana varieties that have disease resistance and other such traits .
Yet it is increasingly under threat in the wild , as its tropical forest habitat is cleared for agriculture .
Many valuable and potentially valuable plants , especially in poorer regions of the world , are at risk from causes ranging from development to drought and the spread of deserts .
In setting up the seed bank , Kew 's scientists estimated that as many as a quarter of species might be facing extinction by mid-century .
Some of the seeds they hold are from plants already extinct in the wild , such as the spiny everlasting , a vanished shrub from South Australia .
The target was to collect 10 per cent of the world 's wild seeds by 2010 and 25 per cent by 2025 – now brought forward to 2020 .
Reaching the 10 per cent mark ahead of schedule is a remarkable achievement and today it will be celebrated with a ceremony at Wakehurst Place hosted by Kew 's director , Professor Stephen Hopper , and attended by representatives of 52 of Kew 's partner institutions from 27 countries .
" The success we are celebrating is extraordinary and on a scale never before contemplated in global biodiversity conservation , " said Professor Hopper .
" In a time of increasing concern about loss of biodiversity and climate change , the need for the kind of insurance policy and practical conservation resource the Millennium Seed Bank provides has never been greater . "
The seed bank was " not a doomsday vault where seeds are stored under lock and key , " said Dr Paul Smith , the head of the partnership .
" Our mission is to use these seeds to support conservation and improve people 's lives . "
National treasures : Britain's wild flowers
Asian bananas , of course , are not the only focus of the Millennium Seed Bank .
Its vast collection includes the seeds of nearly all of Britain 's wild flowers , in what is thought to be the most comprehensive compilation of any national flora .
Britain has about 1,440 native plants ( the precise figure is constantly changing as species are reclassified ) and the seed bank 's UK Flora Project has gathered in the seeds of all but about 60 of them – more than 95 per cent – according to its co-ordinator , Steve Alton .
They range from our most common plants , such as the stinging nettle and annual meadow - grass , to what may be the rarest , the lady 's slipper orchid , which until the last few years was down to a single clump in Yorkshire .
Seeds still missing come from plants that are found only in particularly remote or difficult - to - access places , such as alpine rock - cress , found at a single site high on a mountain on the Isle of Skye , or from plants which are extremely similar and can only be told apart by experts , such as some of the eyebrights .
Many of the seeds were collected by volunteers , amateur botanists who roamed the countryside .
But recently , collecting the seeds of the more difficult plants has become the province of professionals .
Mr Alton is hoping to do one final collecting push , using volunteers , but feels that to gather the seeds from every British plant may ultimately be an impossibility , as some of them , such as some of the sedges , do not set seed at all but propagate by sprouting runners underground .
Radical Think Tank Open Europe has this week exposed a study by the EU that could lead to the creation of a massive cross-Europe database , amassing vast amounts of personal data on every single citizen in the EU .
The scope of this project also reveals a growing governmental preference for systems capable of locking people up not for what they have done , but for what they might do .
Open Europe ( OE ) researcher , Stephen Booth , has been reviewing projects currently in receipt of EU funding .
Last week he identified one of these - Project INDECT - as having potentially far - reaching effects for anyone living or working in Europe .
The main objectives of this project , according to its own website , are :
To develop a platform for : the registration and exchange of operational data , acquisition of multimedia content , intelligent processing of all information and automatic detection of threats and recognition of abnormal behaviour or violence , to develop the prototype of an integrated , network - centric system supporting the operational activities of police officers .
In addition , it aims " to develop a set of techniques supporting surveillance of internet resources , analysis of the acquired information , and detection of criminal activities and threats . "
There are two controversial aspects to this research .
First is the extent of data collection implied by the project scope .
Second , and perhaps far more worrying , is the proposition that law enforcement agencies , in possession of sufficient data , will in future be able to model potentially criminal and anti-social behaviour and therefore focus on individuals before crimes are committed .
In this , it echoes another EU - sponsored piece of research – ADABTS – which is all about Automatic Detection of Abnormal Behaviour and Threats in crowded Spaces .
According to the ADABTS prospectus , it " aims to develop models for abnormal and threat behaviours and algorithms for automatic detection of such behaviours as well as deviations from normal behaviour in surveillance data . "
The INDECT project is co-ordinated by Polish academic Professor Andrzej Dziech .
Participants include several institutions from Poland - which until recently had its own issues with over - arching state surveillance - as well as the Northern Ireland Police Service .
Shami Chakrabarti , the director of human rights group Liberty , described this approach as a " sinister step " for any country , but " positively chilling " on a European scale .
Stephen Booth added : " The problem with the EU funding these types of projects is the lack of accountability .
Citizens are left completely in the dark as to who has approved them and there is no way to ensure that civil liberties are being duly respected .
" The absence of any political debate about the use of these new surveillance technologies in our society is a very dangerous trend , which is especially acute at the EU level . "
However , the idea of punishing potential criminals is not just an EU notion .
As El Reg reported last year , the Home Office has certainly considered the use of automated profiling to check travellers at points of entry to the UK .
This has been controversial , both because of the veiled racism implied by such a policy , as well as evidence provided to the Home Office that it might not actually work .
However , the Vetting Database - which is due to go live later this year - will take decisions on whether people are fit to work in millions of " regulated " positions on the basis of a scoring system , designed to " predict " likelihood to offend .
The introduction of predictive models into society appears to be carrying on apace , with very little public debate as to how desirable they are , or how the state should compensate citizens where mistakes occur .
There is also a blurring of the lines between predicting a threat – in which case law enforcement officers can be asked to investigate – and simply predicting criminality and penalising an individual on the basis of something they have not yet done .
OE is interested in seeing less formal integration across Europe , and a return to more issues being resolved at the national level .
Their investigation looked at funding provided under the Seventh Framework Programme ( FP7 ) .
This can be accessed via the Cordis portal , and is a mechanism whereby funds controlled by the EU Commission are made available for research projects .
The existence of an FP7 project is not necessarily an indicator of EU policy in an area , but it is clear evidence of some interest in the approach being investigated .
Project INDECT launched on 1 January this year with a project budget of 14.86 million Euros .
It is due to deliver the goods , including a 15 - node pilot project , by the end of 2013 . ®
[ WARNING : Spider Image ]
We have already written a list about poisons that we love to eat , so we can consider this a sequel of sorts .
In this list we look at a variety of substances ( poisons and venoms ) that are normally things we would avoid as they can kill or badly damage us , but are found in the medicine bottles and pill boxes of doctors and pharmacists around the world .
If you have more to add , be sure to do so in the comments .
10 Warfarin
Warfarin is an anticoagulant .
It was initially marketed as a pesticide against rats and mice and is still popular for this purpose , although more potent poisons such as brodifacoum have since been developed .
A few years after its introduction , warfarin was found to be effective and relatively safe for preventing thrombosis and embolism ( abnormal formation and migration of blood clots ) in many disorders .
It was approved for use as a medication in the early 1950s and has remained popular ever since ; warfarin is the most widely prescribed anticoagulant drug in North America .
Despite its effectiveness , treatment with warfarin has several shortcomings .
Many commonly used medications interact with warfarin , as do some foods , and its activity has to be monitored by frequent blood testing .
9 Cone Snail Venom
Cone snails are medium - sized to large , sophisticated predatory sea snails .
These snails hunt and immobilize prey using a modified radular tooth along with a poison gland containing neurotoxins ; this is launched out of its mouth in a harpoon - like action .
Live cone snails should be handled with care or not handled at all , as they are capable of “ stinging ” humans with unpleasant results .
The sting of small cones is no worse than a bee sting , but the sting of a few of the larger species of tropical cone snails can be serious or even fatal to human beings .
The venom of some cone snails , such as the Magician cone , Conus magus , shows much promise for providing a non-addictive pain reliever 1000 times as powerful as , and possibly a replacement for , morphine .
The first painkiller Ziconotide derived from cone snail toxins was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in December 2004 under the name “ Prialt ” .
Other drugs are in clinical and preclinical trials , such as compounds of the toxin that may be used in the treatment of Alzheimer ’s disease , Parkinson ’s disease , and epilepsy .
8 Wolfsbane
The roots of Aconitum ferox ( Wolfsbane ) supply the Nepalese poison called bikh , bish , or nabee .
It contains large quantities of the alkaloid pseudaconitine , which is a deadly poison .
Aconitum palmatum yields another of the bikh poisons .
The root of Aconitum luridum , of the Himalaya , is said to be as virulent as that of A. ferox or A. napellus .
In Western medicine preparations of aconite were used until just after the middle of the 20th century , but it is no longer employed as it has been replaced by safer and more effective drugs and treatments .
Internal uses were also pursued , to slow the pulse , as a sedative in pericarditis and heart palpitations , and well diluted as a mild diaphoretic , or to reduce feverishness in treatment of colds , pneumonia , quinsy , laryngitis , croup , and asthma due to exposure .
Taken internally , aconite acts very notably on the circulation , the respiration , and the nervous system .
The pulse is slowed , the number of beats per minute being actually reduced , under considerable doses , to forty , or even thirty , per minute .
Interestingly , the wolfsbane flower was used to identify supposed werewolves .
If the flower cast a yellow shadow on the suspected shape - shifter ’s chin , the werewolf test was positive .
7 Digitalis
Depending on the species , the digitalis plant may contain several deadly physiological and chemically related cardiac and steroidal glycosides .
Thus , the digitalis has earned several more sinister monikers : Dead Man ’s Bells , and Witches ’ Gloves .
The entire plant is toxic ( including the roots and seeds ) , although the leaves of the upper stem are particularly potent , with just a nibble being enough to potentially cause death .
Medicines from foxgloves are called “ Digitalin ” .
It is used to increase cardiac contractility ( it is a positive inotrope ) and as an antiarrhythmic agent to control the heart rate , particularly in the irregular ( and often fast ) atrial fibrillation .
It is therefore often prescribed for patients in atrial fibrillation , especially if they have been diagnosed with heart failure .
6 Copperhead Venom
The copperhead is an ambush predator : it takes up a promising position and waits for suitable prey to arrive .
Like most North American viperids , these snakes prefer to avoid humans and , given the opportunity , will leave the area without biting .
However , unlike other viperids they will often “ freeze ” instead of slithering away , and as a result many bites occur from people unknowingly stepping on or near them .
Copperhead venom has an estimated lethal dose of around 100 mg , and tests on mice show its potency is among the lowest of all pit vipers , and slightly weaker than that of its close relative , the cottonmouth .
Copperheads often employ a “ warning bite ” when stepped on or agitated and inject a relatively small amount of venom , if any at all .
The venom of the Southern copperhead has been found to hold a protein called “ Contortrostatin ” that halts the growth of cancer cells and also stops the migration of the tumors to other sites .
It will probably be ten or more years before contortrostatin is used in practical treatment but it has shown to be a novel anti-cancer drug in the lab .
5 Hemlock
Hemlock is one of the most widely known poisons .
The most important and toxic alkaloid in hemlock is coniine , which has a chemical structure similar to nicotine .
Coniine is a neurotoxin , which disrupts the workings of the central nervous system and is toxic to humans and all classes of livestock .
Coniine causes death by blocking the neuromuscular junction in a manner similar to curare ; this results in an ascending muscular paralysis with eventual paralysis of the respiratory muscles which results in death due to lack of oxygen to the heart and brain .
Death can easily be prevented by artificial ventilation until the effects have worn off 48 – 72 hours later .
Ingestion of Poison Hemlock in any quantity can result in respiratory collapse and death .
For an adult the ingestion of more than 100 mg of coniine ( approximately 6 to 8 fresh leaves , or a smaller dose of the seeds or root ) may result in fatality .
Despite its deadly reputation , poison hemlock has been used as a sedative and for its antispasmodic properties .
It was also used by Greek and Persian physicians for a variety of problems , such as arthritis .
4 Deadly Nightshade
Atropine is a tropane alkaloid extracted from deadly nightshade , jimsonweed ( Datura stramonium ) , mandrake and other plants of the family Solanaceae .
Injections of atropine are used in the treatment of bradycardia ( an extremely low heart rate ) , asystole and pulseless electrical activity ( PEA ) in cardiac arrest .
Atropine ’s actions on the parasympathetic nervous system inhibits salivary , sweat , and mucus glands .
This can be useful in treating hyperhidrosis , and can prevent the death rattle of dying patients .
Because of its extremely important use in medicine , this poison is a core medicine in the World Health Organization ’s “ Essential Drugs List ” , which is a list of minimum medical needs for a basic health care system .
3 Yellow Scorpion Venom
The venom from another menacing arachnid is being used to help treat cancer .
Researchers at the Transmolecular Corporation in Cambridge , Mass. , have isolated a protein that occurs in the venom of the Israeli yellow scorpion .
This protein has been shown to seek out and bind itself to the types of cancerous cells found in gliomas , a type of brain cancer that ’s particularly difficult to treat .
The researchers created a synthetic version of the protein and attached radioactive iodine solution to it .
When introduced into the bloodstream , the protein seeks out glioma cells and binds to them , carrying the radioactive solution along for the ride .
The solution then destroys the cells — and with enough treatments , the cancer . [ source ]
2 Chilean Rose Tarantula Venom
Biophysicists from the University at Buffalo are using a protein from the venom of the Chilean Rose tarantula to combat death from heart attacks .
The walls of your cells have tiny channels that open when the cell stretches .
Among other body functions , these channels are responsible for the contraction of heart muscles .
When these channels open too wide ( which can happen from stretching the heart muscles over time ) , they allow a flood of positive ions into the cell .
These extra ions disrupt the electrical signals in the heart , causing the organ to fibrillate ( beat wildly and irregularly ) .
The protein from the Chilean tarantula venom binds to these channels , which can block the positive ions from passing through .
This could ostensibly prevent fibrillation — and hopefully death — if delivered during a heart attack .
[ source ]
1 Ergot
Man has a long history with ergot – a fungus which infects rye ( which is then transferred to humans who eat the grain ) .
Ergotism causes hallucinations and attendant irrational behavior , convulsions , and even death .
Other symptoms include strong uterine contractions , nausea , seizures , and unconsciousness .
Consumption can lead to amputation of limbs which are damaged by the fungus .
Since the middle ages , controlled doses of ergot were used to induce abortions and to stop maternal bleeding after childbirth .
Ergot alkaloids are used in products such as Cafergot ( containing caffeine and ergotamine or ergoline ) to treat migraine headaches .
It is also used in a variety of treatments for Parkinson ’s disease .
Ergotism has even been blamed ( though it is not likely the true cause ) for the extremely bizarre dancing plague which struck Europe in the 1500s .
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike License ; additional terms may apply .
Text is derived from Wikipedia .
Quotations
" ... in everybody 's life there 's a point of no return .
And in a very few cases , a point where you can't go forward anymore .
And when we reach that point , all we can do is quietly accept the fact .
That 's how we survive . "
" Listening to Fournier 's flowing , dignified cello , Honshino was drawn back to his childhood .
He used to go to the river everyday to catch fish .
Nothing to worry about back then .
he reminisced .
Just live each day as it came .
As long as I was alive , I was something .
That was just how it was .
But somewhere along the line it all changed .
Living turned me into nothing .
Weird ... People are born in order to live , right ?
But the longer I 've lived , the more I 've lost what 's inside me–and ended up empty .
And I bet the longer I live , the emptier , the more worthless , I 'll become .
Something 's wrong with this picture .
Life is n't supposed to turn out like this !
Is n't it possible to shift direction , to change where I 'm headed ? "
The air was damp and stagnant , with a hint of something suspicious , as if countless ears were floating in the air , waiting to pick up a trace of some conspiracy .
I 'd never imagined that trees could be so weird and unearthly .
I mean , the only plants I 've ever really seen or touched till now are the city kind -- neatly trimmed and cared - for bushes and trees .
But the ones here -- the ones living here -- are totally different .
They have a physical power , their breath grazing any humans who might chance by , their gaze zeroing in on the intruder like they 've spotted their prey .
Like they have some dark , prehistroric , magical powers .
Like deep - sea creatures rule the ocean depths , in the forest trees reign supreme .
If it wanted to , the forest could reject me -- or swallow me up whole .
A healthy amount of fear and respect might be a good idea .
There 's only one kind of happiness , but misfortune comes in all shapes and sizes .
show all 6 items )
Sometimes fate is like a small sandstorm that keeps changing directions .
You change
direction but the sandstorm chases you .
You turn again , but the storm adjusts .
Over and
over you play this out , like some ominous dance with death just before dawn .
Why ?
Because this storm is n’t something that blew in from far away , something that has nothing
to do with you .
This storm is you .
Something inside of you .
So all you can do is give in
to it , step right inside the storm , closing your eyes and plugging up your ears so the sand
does n’t get in , and walk through it , step by step .
There ’s no sun there , no moon , no direction
, no sense of time .
Just fine white sand swirling into the sky like pulverized bones .
That ’s the kind of sandstorm you need to imagine
Today Amazon quietly lowered the price on its Kindle 2 e-book reader .
That did n't take long :
The Kindle 2 became available only about five months ago .
And the price cut is a significant one : Amazon cropped $ 60 off the top price of its second - generation e-book reader , which now carries a more reasonable price tag of $ 299 .
Amazon never subjected the original Kindle to a price cut of this magnitude .
Then again , the original Kindle 's only viable competition in the beginning was the Sony Digital Reader -- and the Reader lacked an integrated store .
Now , however , the fledgling e-book reader market has reached an interesting crossroads .
Reports say that the price drop reflects an increase in manufacturing volume and a decrease in production costs .
Though such changes often occur , this cut comes a bit too soon in the life of the Kindle 2 to make sense as a standard volume - production price reduction .
Rather , I suspect that it marks a strategic decision : Amazon knows that it must push its price down fast in order to establish itself as a leader in the category going forward and to remain competitive as competing models emerge .
The e-book reader category is trying to establish itself in an increasingly crowded gadget marketplace .
No longer is the Kindle the only practical option for reading digital books , and if Kindle does n't quickly achieve iPod - like traction and even dominance , more - splintered approaches to digital reading may gain ground .
True , the Kindle remains light years ahead of the competition both in its interface quality and in its integration with an online storefront .
But now it has company : the Sony Digital Reader PRS - 700 ( $ 350 ) and the Sony Digital Reader PRS - 505 ( $ 280 ) , as well as lesser - known alternatives like the Interead Cool - er Books ( $ 249 ) and the Astak EZ Reader ( $ 270 ) .
Though the latter two products are n't as well implemented , they cost less than even the reduced - price Kindle 2 ; and their very existence as low - end alternatives challenges Amazon 's stranglehold on the e-book market .
In addition , they work with PDB - and ePub - based books , which opens the market up beyond Amazon 's walled - off Kindle garden .
Today 's price drop makes the Kindle 2 more enticing , but by itself it 's far from enough to light a fire under the e-book market .
I agree with NPD analyst Ross Rubin , who says that the new lower price " lowers the barrier a bit , but certainly not enough to significantly expand the e-book market . "
The bigger question remains ,
Is there a market here worth expanding ?
A dedicated e-book reader may enjoy a niche audience , but the question remains whether a separate device for reading digital books will be viable in the long term .
Already , we have a Kindle for iPhone reader and a slew of iPhone e-book apps ; and so - called smartbooks and other portable , connected devices are coming soon .
The way I see it , as nice a luxury as Kindle is , if I can get similar functionality using the same device that I use for other tasks , I 'd rather consolidate the functions in fewer devices , instead of adding another piece of hardware to the fray .
And a lot of people must agree with me -- you do n't see too many dedicated PDAs coming out these days .
Admittedly , the Kindle 's single - purpose approach has served its design well ; but in the end , it just becomes one more thing to keep track of , one more thing to charge up , and one more thing to carry .
Like many other Kindle users , I often find myself reaching for my iPhone 3GS to read Kindle content -- even more often than I do the Kindle itself .
The more frequently I do so , the more I wonder about the future of the e-book I have sitting at home .
ETCH A SKETCH AUTOPSY REPORT
What 's inside an Etch A Sketch , how it works , and where they come from .
The Etch A Sketch toy was invented in 1960 by William and Bill Killgallon .
It was first produced in Bryan Ohio by their company Ohio Art. Since 2001 Etch A Sketches have been produced by Kin Ki Industrial in the town of Da Kang , outside of Hong Kong in China .
Prying off the cover reveals a sealed container with a glass faceplate .
Forcing the glass plate off shows the inner workings .
The pace is filled with a small amount of very fine aluminum powder mixed with small plastic beads .
The aluminum powder sticks to anything it comes in contact with , like powdered graphite .
The beads prevent the powder from caking and help spread it evenly over the face of the glass plate when the Etch A Sketch is turned upside down and shaken .
The drawing mechanism consists of a pointed plastic stylus that presses against the glass plate .
As the knobs are turned , wires along the sides push and pull two metal rods up and down , back and forth .
The stylus is mounted on a sliding union where the two rods cross .
As the stylus moves , it scrapes off a line of the aluminum powder creating what looks like a black line .
In actuality it 's clear and if there was a light behind it the line would appear bright .
Etch A Sketches originally sold for $ 3.99 in 1960 .
Today they can be found for $ 9.99 .
If inflation were the only thing influencing their price then by all rights they should cost $ 23.69 ( the product of the original price and how much the consumer price index has increased over the 43 years since they were introduced . )
Reverse engineering the inflation factor indicates that based on today 's price they would only have cost $ 1.68 in 1960 .
This shows the power of improved efficiency and low labor costs in China .
Does Alan Grayson keep a Dogon blade on his wall in case some GOP crackpot wants to duel him ?
I think that the aid program is a fig leaf trying to make Congress and the American people feel better about the war and about killing .
I think that diplomacy in the areas of fig leaf to try to make the American people think that there is some constructive alternative to the war when the war itself is destructive and not constructive .
I think that the basic premise that we can alter afghan society is greatly flawed .
Afghanistan is simply the part of Asia that was never occupied by the Russians or the English in the Great Game .
It ’s not a country ; it ’s not even a place .
It ’s just an empty place on the map .
It ’s terra incognita .
People who live there are a welter of different tribes , different language groups , different religious beliefs .
All over the country you find different people who have nothing to do with each other except for the fact that we call them Afghans , and they do n’t even call themselves Afghans .
They ’re Tajiks or they ’re Pashtuns , or they ’re Hazzaras or someone else .
The things that hold them together are simply the things that we try to create artificially .
And the idea that we could transform that society or any other society through aid I think is entirely questionable .
I ’ve never seen it happen ; probably never will happen .
If you go to the Stan countries north of Afghanistan , and I ’ve been to all of them ; what you find is that the way that the Russians altered that society was by crushing it .
Stalin killed half a million Muslims in Kazakhstan , in Turkmenistan , in Kyrgyzstan , in Uzbekistan .
He simply sliced off the head of that society in order to remake it in the image that he wanted .
And I think that we would have to do no less if we wanted to remake Afghanistan in our image .
We ’d have to destroy it in order to save it , and I do n’t think the American people are ever going to do that to anybody .
So I think that the underlining premise is simply wrong .
I ’ve been to 175 countries all around the world including Afghanistan , including every country in that region , and what I ’ve seen everywhere I go is that there are some commonalties everywhere you go .
Everywhere you go people want to fall in love .
It ’s an interesting thing .
Everywhere you go , people love children .
Everywhere , they love children .
Everywhere you go , there ’s a taboo against violence .
Every single place you go .
And everywhere you go , people want to be left alone .
And that ’s the best foreign policy of all .
Just to leave people alone .
“ The problem with increasing the number of troops is that we become the lightening rod , and our presence runs the risk of inciting more anti-American sentiment that can become a recruiting tool for the very forces we seek to curtail , ” Obey said of one option President Obama is weighing .
“ If any adjustment is made in U.S. troop levels , it would be much better if those troops were focused on the job of training Afghani troops and police to take on the job of securing the population and maintaining law and order , ” he said .
“ But even there , we have to ask what is achievable .
My understanding is that there have never been more than about 90,000 troops under the sway of the central government .
Now we are told that the goal is to train up to 400,000 soldiers and police personnel .
I think it is reasonable to ask whether that is a realistic and achievable goal . ”
As for a policy bent on counter - insurgency and nation - building , Obey said , “ We should be asking not what policy is theoretically the most intellectually coherent , but which policy is actually achievable given the only tools we have in the region ; the Afghani and Pakistani governments .
Is there sufficient leadership , popular support , and political will , not in the United States but in Afghanistan , necessary for effective governance to take hold ? "
Equally important , he said , “ Do we really have the tools to overcome language , culture , history and a 90 percent illiteracy rate to sufficiently transform such a country ? ”
If you 've been followingwith any regularity you probably know that as a hobby I run a travel blog on the side .
I ran away from home when I was 13 -- hitchhiked to Florida ( though I only got as far as the New Jersey Turnpike where I was arrested ) -- and I 've been on the road ever since .
I lived overseas for almost seven years and I normally spend at least a month out of the U.S. every year -- a habit I got into in the late 1970s .
Lately I 've been to Mali and Bali and I 'm putting the finishing touches on a trip to Albania .
When I write about foreign policy questions I like to think my time abroad informs what I have to say .
There are n't many members of Congress who have traveled extensively out of the country .
In his delightful book , Fire - Breathing Liberal , Rep. Robert Wexler marvels at how many of his Republican colleagues seem to thinkpossessing a passport is a badge of honor !
Last weekend I spent some time with Rep. Barbara
Lee who is no longer surprised when she talks with Republicans who have n't been -- and do n't want to be -- outside of the U.S.
The opposite extreme would be one member who certainly qualifies for the Century Club , Rep. Alan Grayson .
When I told him I was going to Mali he was able to give me some travel tips for remote , seldom visited villages like Bandiagara and Sanga , and a few weeks ago he told me about some odd customs I can expect to experience in Albania .
In 1969 I drove to Afghanistan .
Between then and 1972 I spent over half a year there , and never spent one single day in a hotel .
Traveling from London , through then still - Communist nations like Hungary and Bulgaria , then through Turkey and Iran and into Herat , the most important component does n't feel like mileage , but time .
Sure , I traveled in space ; but what seemed far more profound was a trip back in time .
Afghanistan was like being in the 11th Century , not the turn of the 20th .
And I noticed immediately that the people there do n't recognize a country called " Afghanistan . "
In Herat and Kandahar , respectively the 3rd and 2nd biggest towns , there was resentment towards the " central government " as a pretension -- backed by foreign military equipment -- of Kabul , the biggest town and what foreigners insist is the capital of " the country . "
The only part of the discussion of Afghan policy more awkwardly missing from the calculations that there is no Afghanistan , is thatthe men there -- yes , all of them -- are stoned all day , every day on the strongest hash ( much of it opiated ) on God 's earth .
I know West Point was just named the best college in America bybut do they teach them that stuff there ?
This week Robert Greenwald debuted his intense new documentary , Rethink Afghanistan in Washington , DC .
Rep.
Grayson was on a panel and made some remarks worth taking a look at : Grayson was one of the 32 members of Congress who stood up on June 16 and said " NO ! " to more war funding .
It 's more than a promise ; it 's something he did .
Blue America is hosting a page , No Means No ! seeking to encourage members of Congress to put their feet down and help end the occupation of Afghanistan .
Please visit the page and consider making a contribution to Grayson or any of the other courageous members of Congress on the list .
Is your own congresscritter there ?
And even if Obama is n't listening to a freshman like Grayson , it sounds like Appropriations Committee Chairman Dave Obey is .
Obey 's asking the kinds of tough questions that every single member of Congress should be asking unless they want to be considered in dereliction of their duty .
Labels : Afghanistan , Alan Grayson , No Means No
StatLib--- Datasets Archive
To submit a dataset , please see the submissions guidelines , via
send submissions from general
send shar from general
The datasets archive currently contains :
NIST Statistical Reference Datasets ( StRD ) A pointer to a NIST site that contains reference datasets for the objective evaluation of the computational accuracy of statistical software .
Both users and developers of statistical software can use these datasets to ensure and improve software accuracy .
agresti Contains data from " An Introduction to Categorical Data Analysis , " by Alan Agresti , John Wiley , 1996 , plus SAS code for various analyses .
( aa@stat.ufl.edu ) [ 28/Feb/96 ] ( 12 k ) Aldrich_Nelson.zip
This data is used in the following book : Aldrich , J. and Forrest , N. ( 1984 ) " Linear Probability , Logit and Probit Models " .
Series : Quantitative Applications in The Social Sciences .
A Sage University Paper . Submittted by hector.romero@iesa.edu.ve . [ 08/Sep/06 ] ( 3.5 kbytes ) alr This file contains data from Applied Linear Regression , 2nd Edition , by Sanford Weisberg , John Wiley , 1985 ( sandy@umnstat.stat.umn.edu ) ( 36808 bytes ) analcatdata A collection of the data sets used in the book " Analyzing Categorical Data , " by Jeffrey S. Simonoff , Springer - Verlag , New York , 2003 .
Submitted by Jeff Simonoff ( jsimonof@stern.nyu.edu ) . [ 6/Jul/03 ] ( 1.2 M ) Andrews
This data for the book DATA by Andrews and Herzberg .
Available by FTP , gopher , WWW , but not e-mail .
Arsenic
This datafile contains measurements of drinking water and toenail levels of arsenic , as well as related covariates , for 21 individuals with private wells in N.H. Source : Karagas MR , Morris JS , Weiss JE , Spate V , Baskett C , Greenberg ER .
Toenail Samples as an Indicator of Drinking Water Arsenic Exposure .
Cancer Epidemiology , Biomarkers and Prevention 1996;5:849-852 . ( Therese.A.Stukel_AT_Dartmouth.EDU ) ( MS Word format ) [ 21/Jul/98 ] ( 5 kbytes ) arsenic.zip
This is a zip file containing the arsenic data from Southwestern Taiwan that was used in the analysis reported by the National Academy of Sciences reports on arsenic ( NRC 1999 and 2001 ) , analyzed by Morales et al. ( 2000 ) and also discussed by Ryan ( 2004 ) .
See the following for a good summary , plus links to the NAS reports : http://www4.nas.edu/news.nsf/isbn/0309076293?OpenDocument Submitted by Louise Ryan ( lryan@hsph.harvard.edu ) . [ 19/Dec/03 ]( 35 kbytes ) backache
This file contains the `backache in pregnancy ' data analysed in Exercise D.2 of Problem - Solving : A Statistician 's Guide , 2nd edn. , by C. Chatfield , Chapman and Hall , 1995 . ( cc@maths.bath.ac.uk ) [ 2/Oct/95 ] ( 16 kbytes ) balloon A data set consisting of 2001 observations of radiation , taken from a balloon .
The data contain a trend and outliers .
Source : Laurie Davies ( mata00@de0hrz1a.BITNET ) ( 43 k ) [ 5 / Feb/93 ] bankresearch
A pre-classified dataset containing 11,000 web pages from 11 different categories .
Although this dataset was designed for unsupervised clustering experiments it can be used for any type web page machine - learning technique .
For more information see BankSearch Dataset Page .
Submitted by m.p.sinka@rdg.ac.uk . [ 11/Feb/03 ] ( 64 M ) baseball Data on the salaries of North American Major League Baseball players .
The dataset has performance and salary information on palyers during the 1986 season .
This was the 1988 ASA Graphics Section Poster Session dataset , orgainised by Lorraine Denby .
There are two files to retreive : baseball.data consists of a shar archive of the data and helpful information including a description of the data , pitcher , hitter , and team statistics ( 54448 bytes ) baseball.corr
A set of differences from the published data set ( in Unix diff format ) baseball.hoaglin-velleman
Another set of differences from the published data set ( in Unix diff format ) See Hoaglin and Velleman , The American Statistican , August , 1994 , page 227--285 BCSgames.txt
This file contains the games and results from college football 's 2004 , 2005 , and 2006 seasons in which two teams that were ranked in the top 25 of the Bowl Championship Series ( BCS ) for a given week played each other .
Submitted by sbuchman AT stat.cmu.edu . [ 4/Apr/2008 ]( 6.7 Kbytes ) biomed I was able to find the old 1982 " biomedical dataset " generated by Larry Cox .
It consists of two groups .
These give observation number , blood id number , age , date , and four blood measurements .
I do n't really remember the instructions for analysis , although I seem to recall that the idea was to figure out if some of the blood measurements that were less difficult to obtain were as good at distinguishing carriers from normals as the more difficult measurements .
Unfortunately , I do n't remeember which measurement is which .
There are two files to retreive : biomed . desc a short description of the data and a reference ( 1457 bytes ) biomed .
data
A shar archive of containing the data for carriers and normals .
( 7843 bytes ) bodyfat Lists estimates of the percentage of body fat determined by underwater weighing and various body circumference measurements for 252 men .
Submitted by Roger Johnson ( rwjohnso@silver.sdsmt.edu ) [ 2/Oct/95 ]( 35 kbytes ) bolts Data from an experiment on the affects of machine adjustments on the time to count bolts .
Data appear as the STATS ( Issue 10 ) Challenge .
Submitted by W. Robert Stephenson ( wrstephe@iastate.edu ) . [ 8/Nov/93 ] ( 5 k ) boston The Boston house - price data of Harrison , D. and Rubinfeld , D.L. ' Hedonic prices and the demand for clean air ' , J. Environ .
Economics & Management , vol.5 , 81-102 , 1978 .
Used in Belsley , Kuh & Welsch , ' Regression diagnostics ...' , Wiley , 1980 . ( 51256 bytes ) boston_corrected
This consists of the Boston house price data of Harrison and Rubinfeld ( 1978 ) JEEM with corrections and augmentation of the data with the latitude and longitude of each observation .
Submitted by Kelley Pace ( kpace@unix1.sncc.lsu.edu ) .
[ 11/Oct/99 ] ( 62136 bytes ) business
Link to data from two case study books ; Basic Business Statistics ; and Business Analysis Using Regression by Foster , Stine and Waterman .
Published by Springer - Verlag ( 1998 ) cars
This was the 1983 ASA Data Exposition dataset .
The dataset was collected by Ernesto Ramos and David Donoho and dealt with automobiles .
I do n't remember the instructions for analysis .
Data on mpg , cylinders , displacement , etc. ( 8 variables ) for 406 different cars .
The dataset includes the names of the cars .
The data are in one file : cars.data
A shar archive containing files with a desciption of the cars data , the names of the cars , and the cars data itself .
( 33438 bytes ) cars.desc
The original instructions for this exposition .
( 6206 bytes ) chatfield Data details and listings for ' The Analysis of Time Series ' by Chris Chatfield .
Submitted by C Chatfield ( cc@maths.bath.ac.uk ) . [ 5/Jun/03 ] ( 19 kbytes ) cloud
These data are those collected in a cloud - seeding experiment in Tasmania .
The rainfalls are period rainfalls in inches .
TE and TW are the east and west target areas respectively , while NC , SC and NWC are the corresponding rainfalls in the north , south and north - west control areas respectively .
S = seeded , U = unseeded .
Submitted by Alan Miller ( alan@dmsmelb.mel.dms .CSIRO.AU ) [ 4 / May/94 ] ( 7 kbytes ) chscase A collection of the data sets used in the book " A Casebook for a First Course in Statistics and Data Analysis , " by Samprit Chatterjee , Mark S. Handcock and Jeffrey S. Simonoff , John Wiley and Sons , New York , 1995 .
Submitted by Samprit Chatterjee ( schatterjee@stern.nyu.edu ) , Mark Handcock ( mhandcock@stern.nyu.edu ) and Jeff Simonoff ( jsimonoff@stern.nyu.edu ) . ( 325 kbytes ) Updated , [ 1/Dec/95 ] christensen Contains the data from " Analysis of Variance , Design , and Regression : Applied Statistical Methods " by Ronald Christensen ( 1996 , Chapman and Hall ) .
Ronald Christensen ( fletcher@math.unm.edu ) , [ 22/Oct/96 ] ( 57 k ) christensen - llm Contains data from " Log- Linear Models and Logistic Regression , Second Edition " by Ronald Christensen ( 1997 , Springer Verlag ) .
Ronald Christensen ( fletcher@stat.unm.edu ) , [ 24/Mar/97 ] ( 33 k ) cjs.sept95.case
Data on tree growth used in the Case Study published in the September , 1995 issue of the Canadian Journal of Statistics .
Nancy Reid ( reid@utstat.utstat.toronto.edu ) [ 4/Oct/95 ] ( 141k ) colleges 1995 Data Analysis Exposition sponsored by the Statistical Graphics Section of the American Statistical Association .
The U.S. News data contains information on tuition , etc. , for over 1300 schools , while the AAUP data includes average salary , etc. Robin Lock , ( rlock@vm.stlawu.edu ) .
collins Data derived from an analysis of the Brown and Frown corpora and used for my doctoral dissertation titled ``Variations in Written English : Characterizing Authors ' Rhetorical Language Choices Across Corpora of Published Texts " ( Jeff Collins , Carnegie Mellon Univ , May 2003 ) .
Submitted by Jeff Collins ( jeff.collins@acm.org ) .
[ 14/Jul/03 ] ( 112 k ) confidence
This file contains the monthly frequencies for six consumer confidence items collected by the conference board and the university of michigan in 1992 .
Reference in Sociological Methodology .
Submitted by Gordon Bechtel ( BECHTEL@NERVM.NERDC.UFL.EDU ) [ 22/Oct/96 ] ( 6 k ) Congdon.zip Data and WINBUGS programs for the Wiley Publication " Bayesian Statistical Modelling " ( 2001 ) , ISBN : 0-471-49600 -6 , submitted by Peter Congdon ( p.congdon@qmul.ac.uk ) .
[ 14/Sep/01 ] ( 433 k ) CongdonABM
Data and WINBUGS programs for the Wiley Publication " Applied Bayesian Modelling " ( 2003 ) , ISBN : 0-471-48695 - 7 , submitted by Peter Congdon ( p.congdon@qmul.ac.uk ) .
[ 14/Dec/04 ] ( 574k ) CongdonBMCD
Data and WINBUGS programs for the Wiley Publication " Bayesian Models for Categorical Data " ( 2005 ) , ISBN : 0-470-09237-8 , submitted by Peter Congdon ( p.congdon@qmul.ac.uk ) .
[ 3/Jun/05 ] ( 510 k ) CPS_85 _Wages
These data consist of a random sample of 534 persons from the CPS , with information on wages and other characteristics of the workers , including sex , number of years of education , years of work experience , occupational status , region of residence and union membership .
Source : Berndt , ER .
The Practice of Econometrics .
1991 .
NY : Addison - Wesley .
( Therese.A.Stukel_AT_Dartmouth.EDU ) ( MS Word format ) [ 21/Jul/98 ] ( 23 kbytes ) csb See the separate csb collection for Data from the book " Case Studies in Biometry " .
detroit Data on annual homicides in Detroit , 1961 - 73 , from Gunst & Mason 's book ` Regression Analysis and its Application ' , Marcel Dekker .
Contains data on 14 relevant variables collected by J.C. Fisher . ( alan@dmsmelb.mel.dms.csiro.au ) [ 10 / Feb/92 ] ( 3357 bytes ) diggle Data-sets from Diggle , P.J. ( 1990 ) .
Time Series : A Biostatistical Introduction .
Oxford University Press . Submitted by Peter Diggle , ( maa026@central1.lancaster.ac.uk ) ( 35800 bytes ) dirtbike
This data set collects the specifications of off - road motorcycles sold in USA .
Submitted by lu.jjane@gmail.com .
[ 19/Jul/05 ] ( 16 kbytes ) disclosure Data-sets from Fienberg , S.E. , Makov , U.E. and Sanil , A.P ( 1994 ) .
A Bayesian Approach to Data Disclosure : Optimal Intruder Behavior for Continuous Data .
Submitted by S.E. Fienberg ( fienberg@stat.cmu.edu ) [ 4/Jun/98 ] ( 111 kbytes ) djdc0093 Dow - Jones Industrial Average ( DJIA ) closing values from 1900 to 1993 .
See also spdc2693 .
Submitted by eduardo ley , ( edley@eco.uc3m.es ) [ 13/ Mar/96]( 383 kbytes ) DJ 1985 - 2003
For each stock of Dow Jones 30 , starting from 1985 up to and including Oct. 30th , 2003 , daily quotations with open / close and adjusted close values , min. / max values , volume are submitted .
The said data are the result of a merge between different CSV files , downloaded from www.yahoo.com, as I made it to write my dissertation at the Dept. of Computer Science of University of Turin , Italy with Rosa Meo Prof .
Data format is as follows .
ID ( Unique Identifier ) ; date ; open ; high ; low ; close ; volume ; adjclose ; ticker .
Submitted by Danilo Careggio ( careggio.danilo@tiscali.it ) [ 6/Feb/04 ] ( 2.3 M ) EGViolators Data on cars speeding at the southern end of the NJ turnpike , and whether black drivers speed much more frequently than do white drivers .
It is the basis for a paper to appear in Law Probability and Risk , by Kadane and Lamberth . [ 28/Apr/09 ] ( 760 Kbytes ) employment Data from two cases described in the paper " Hierarchical Models for Employment Decisions , " by Kadane and Woodworth .
A constant number of days has been subtracted from each date to preserve confidentiality .
CaseK and CaseW. Submitted by George Woodworth ( george-woodworth@uiowa.edu ) . [ 4/Dec/01 ] ( 25 kbytes ) federalistpapers.txt
Data set used in an analysis of The Federalist papers , including the disputed texts .
( publication info to follow ) .
Submitted by Jeff Collins ( jeff.collins@acm.org ) . [ 31/Oct/02 ] ( 8.6 k ) fienberg
The data from Fienberg 's " The Analysis of Cross - Classified Data " , in a form that can easily be read into Glim ( or easily read by a human ) .
[ 25/Sept/91 ] ( mikem@stat.cmu.edu ) ( 14398 bytes ) .
fl2000.txt County data from the 2000 Presidential Election in Florida .
For each of the 67 Florida counties , the data include the type of voting machine used , the number of columns in the presidential ballot , the undervote , the overvote , and the official certified votes for each of the twelve presidential candidates .
Of particular interest are the Buchanan vote in Palm Beach county , and the overvote as a function of voting machine type and number of columns ( see Agresti and Presnell , " Misvotes , Undervotes , and Overvotes : The 2000 Presidential Election in Florida , " Statistical Science , Vol. 17 , No. 4 , 1 - 5 , 2002 .
Submitted by ( presnell@stat.ufl.edu ) .
[ 28/Jan/03 ] ( 8.0 kbytes ) fraser - river Time series of monthly flows for the Fraser River at Hope , B.C. A. Ian McLeod ( aim@julian.uwo.ca ) [ 26/April/93 ] ( 10 kbytes ) hba1c_bloodGlucose
These data represent glycosylated hemoglobin ( hba 1c ) readings reported in DCCT percentages and random blood glucose ( rbg ) readings reported in mmol / l .
The readings are derived from 349 diabetic patients attending a hospital out - patient department at the Karl Bremer District Hospital in Western Cape , South Africa .
The original data were published as a scatter plot in a Masters thesis ( p.12 ) : Daramola O.F. ( 2012 ) .
Assessing the validity of random blood glucose testing for monitoring glycemic control and predicting HbA1c values in type 2 diabetics at Karl Bremer hospital .
Masters Thesis [ Family Medicine and Primary Care ] .
Stellenbosch University : Stellenbosch , South Africa .
http://scholar.sun.ac.za/handle/10019.1/80458
Submitted by Daniel D Reidpath( daniel.reidpath@monash.edu ) [ 10/13/14 ] ( 11 kbytes ) hip
This is the hip measurement data from Table B.13 in Chatfield 's Problem Solving ( 1995 , 2nd edn , Chapman and Hall ) .
It is given in 8 columns .
First 4 columns are for Control Group .
Last 4 columns are for Treatment group ( Note there is no pairing .
Patient 1 in Control Group is NOT patient 1 in Treatment Group ) . ( cc@maths.bath.ac.uk ) [ 28/Feb/96 ] ( 2k ) houses.zip
These spatial data contain 20,640 observations on housing prices with 9 economic covariates .
It appeared in Pace and Barry ( 1997 ) , " Sparse Spatial Autoregressions " , Statistics and Probability Letters .
Submitted by Kelley Pace ( kpace@unix1.sncc.lsu.edu ) . [ 9/Nov/99 ] ( 536 kbytes ) humandevel United Nations Development Program , Human Development Index .
A nation 's HDI is composed of life expectancy , adult literacy and Gross National Product per capita .
Information on 130 countries plus documentation .
( arnold@stat.ncsu.edu ( Tim Arnold ) ) [ 31/Oct/91 ] ( 10031 bytes ) .
hutsof99 Data from " The Multivariate Social Scientist --- Introductory Statistics Using Generalized Linear Models " by Graeme D. Hutcheson and Nick Sofroniou , SAGE Publications , 1999 , plus GLIM 4 code for various analyses .
Submitted by Nick Sofroniou ( nso@gcal.ac.uk ) [ 12/Jul/99 ] ( 56 k ) IQ_Brain_Size
This datafile contains 20 observations ( 10 pairs of twins ) on 9 variables .
This data set can be used to demonstrate simple linear regression and correlation .
Source : Tramo MJ , Loftus WC , Green RL , Stukel TA , Weaver JB , Gazzaniga MS . Brain Size , Head Size , and intelligence quotient in Monozygotic Twins .
Neurology 1998;50:1246-1252 . ( Therese.A.Stukel_AT_Dartmouth.EDU )
( MS Word format ) [ 21/Jul/98 ]
[28/Nov/01 ] ( 5 kbytes ) irish.ed Longtitudinal educational transition data set for a sample of 500 Irish students , with 4 independent variables ( sex , verbal reasoning score , father 's occupation , type of school ) .
Submitted by Adrian E. Raftery ( raftery@stat.washington.edu ) , [ 20/Dec/93 ] ( 13 kbytes ) kidney Data from McGilchrist and Aisbett , Biometrics 47 , 461- 66 , 1991 .
Times to infection , at the point of insertion of the catheter , for kidney patients using portable dialysis equipment .
There are 2 observations on each of 38 patients .
The data has been used to illustrate random effects ( frailty ) models for survival data .
Submitted by therneau@Mayo.EDU
( Terry Therneau ) , [ 10/Jun/99 ] ( 4kbytes ) lmpavw time series used in " Long - Memory Processes , the Allan Variance and Wavelets " by D. B. Percival and P. Guttorp , a chapter in " Wavelets in Geophysics " , edited by E. Foufoula - Georgiou and P. Kumar , Academic Press , 1994 This " time " series was collected by Mike Gregg , Applied Physics Laboratory , University of Washington , and is a measurement of vertical shear ( in units of 1 / seconds ) versus depth ( in units of meters ) in the ocean .
The role of " time " in this series is thus played by depth .
Permission has been obtained to redistribute this data .
Questions concerning this series should be send to Don Percival ( dbp@apl.washington.edu ) . [ 6/Feb/94 ] ( 62 kbytes ) longley
The infamous Longley data , " An appraisal of least - squares programs from the point of view of the user " , JASA , 62 ( 1967 ) p819-841. ( therneau@mayo.edu ) ( 1301 bytes ) LPR " In Geressy , Rotolo and Jackson v. Digital Equipment ( 980 F. Supp. 640 ( E.D.N.Y. 1997 ) ) , Judge Weinstein presented an innovative method for determining remittiturs .
A remittitur is a ruling from a judge , in response to the motion of a defendant found liable , such that the plaintiff can choose between reducing the amount granted by a the jury for indemnification or a new trial .
This ruling is valid when the amount granted by the jury is unreasonable .
In order to define what is unreasonable compensation , Judge Weinstein collected a pool of 86 cases in which there were awards for pain and suffering , Next , he decided if the damage dealt to each of the 3 plaintiffs was comparable to that on each case in the pool .
This database is composed by Judge Weinstein 's decision on comparability and information about the 86 cases in the pool . "
The zip archive contains the following files :
LPR-database.csv -
Is the database .
LPR-database-variables.txt -
Is a glossary explaining the variables in the database .
LPR-database-description.txt -
Is the description of the database .
( 3.2 kb ) Submitted by Rafael Stern( rafaelst@stat.cmu.edu ) [ 03/05/12 ] lupus 87 persons with lupus nephritis .
Followed up 15 + years .
35 deaths .
Var = duration of disease .
Over 40 baseline variables avaiable from authors .
Submited by todd mackenzie ( tmacke@po-box.mcgill.ca ) ( 4k ) hipel - mcleod McLeod Hipel Time Series Datasets Collection .
The shar file , mhsets .
shar , contains over 300 time series datasets taken from various case studies .
These data sets are suitable for model building exercises such as are discussed in our textbook , " Time Series Modelling of Water Resources and Environmental Systems " by K.W. Hipel and A.I. McLeod ( 1994 ) , published by Elsevier , Amsterdam .
1994 .
ISBN 0-444-89270-2. ( 1013 pages ) .
For PC users there is also a zip file , mhsets.zip .
The shar file and the zip files are about 1.7 Mb and 0.5 Mb respectively .
[ 1 / Mar/95 ]
Ian McLeod ( aim@fisher.stats.uwo.ca ) mu284
This file contains the data in " The MU284 Population " from Appendix B of the book " Model Assisted Survey Sampling " by Sarndal , Swensson and Wretman , published by Springer - Verlag , New York , 1992 .
The data set contains 284 observations on 11 variables , plus a line with variabel names .
Please consult the mentioned appendix for more information about this data set .
[ 24/Mar/97 ]
[ 16/Mar/06 ] Esbjorn Ohlsson ( esbj@matematik.su.se ) ( 16 k ) newton_hema Data on fluctuating proportions of marked cells in marrow from heterozygous Safari cats -- from a study of early hematopoiesis .
Michael Newton ( newton@stat.wisc.edu ) [ 8/Nov/93 ] ( 5 k ) nflpass Lists all - time NFL passers through 1994 by the NFL passing efficiency rating .
Associated passing statistics from which this rating is computed are included .
Roger W. Johnson , rjohnso@silver.sdsmt.edu [ 28/Feb/96 ] ( 8 k ) NLTCS
This data set is an extract from the National Long Term Care Survey ( NLTCS ) .
16 binary variables in the extract are functional disability measures : 6 activities of daily living and 10 instrumental activities of daily living , pooled over 1982 , 1984 , 1989 , and 1994 waves of the survey .
The Center for Demographic Studies , Duke University , gave its permission to redistribute the 2^16 extract via placement on StatLib under the NLTCS Data Use Agreement .
If you download the data , please provide the Center for Demographic Studies , Duke University , with your name and contact information ( e- mail NLTCS@cds.duke.edu ) .
( 149k ) NO2
The data are a subsample of 500 observations from a data set that originate in a study where air pollution at a road is related to traffic volume and meteorological variables , collected by the Norwegian Public Roads Administration .
The response variable ( column 1 ) consist of hourly values of the logarithm of the concentration of NO2 ( particles ) , measured at Alnabru in Oslo , Norway , between October 2001 and August 2003 .
The predictor variables ( columns 2 to 8 ) are the logarithm of the number of cars per hour , temperature $ 2 $ meter above ground ( degree C ) , wind speed ( meters / second ) , the temperature difference between $ 25 $ and $ 2 $ meters above ground ( degree C ) , wind direction ( degrees between 0 and 360 ) , hour of day and day number from October 1 . 2001 .
Submitted by Magne Aldrin ( magne.aldrin@nr.no ) . [ 28/Jul/04 ] ( 19 kbytes ) nonlin
The data sets from Bates and Watts ( 1988 ) " Nonlinear Regression Analysis and Its Applications " , Wiley .
They are in S dump format as data frames .
( If you do n't know what a data frame is , do n't worry .
Just consider them to be lists .
Data frames are described in a book on " Statistical Modelling in S " ( bates@stat.wisc.edu ) [ 7/Feb/90 ] ( 19851 bytes ) papir
This file contains two multivariate regression data sets from paper industry , described in Aldrin , M. ( 1996 ) , " Moderate projection pursuit regression for multivariate response data " , Computational Statistics and Data Analysis , 21 , 501-531 .
Submitted by Magne Aldrin ( magne.aldrin@nr.no ) [ 14/Apr/99 ] ( 17916 bytes ) pbc
The data set found in appendix D of Fleming and Harrington , Counting Processes and Survival Analysis , Wiley , 1991 .
Submitted by therneau@Mayo.EDU
( Terry Therneau ) , [ 25/Jul /94 ] ( 36 kbytes ) pbcseq A follow - up to the PBC data set , this contains the data for both the baseline and subsequent visits at 6 months , 1 year , and annually thereafter .
There are 1945 observations on 312 subjects .
Submitted by therneau@Mayo.EDU
( Terry Therneau ) , [ 10/Jun/99 ] ( 160 kbytes ) places Data taken from the Places Rated Almanac , giving the ratings on 9 composite variables of 329 locations .
( From an ASA data exposition , 1986 ) The data are in one file : places.data
A shar archive of three files which document the data , present the data itself , and provide a key to the actual places used .
( 27720 byes ) Plasma_Retinol
This datafile ( N=315 ) investigates the relationship between personal characteristics and dietary factors , and plasma concentrations of retinol , beta - carotene and other carotenoids .
Analysis unpublished .
Related paper : Nierenberg DW , Stukel TA , Baron JA , Dain BJ , Greenberg ER .
Determinants of plasma levels of beta - carotene and retinol .
American Journal of Epidemiology 1989;130:511-521.( Therese.A.Stukel_AT_Dartmouth.EDU ) ( MS Word format ) [ 21/Jul/98 ]
[28/Nov/01 ] ( 26 kbytes ) PM10
The data are a subsample of 500 observations from a data set that originate in a study where air pollution at a road is related to traffic volume and meteorological variables , collected by the Norwegian Public Roads Administration .
The response variable ( column 1 ) consist of hourly values of the logarithm of the concentration of PM10 ( particles ) , measured at Alnabru in Oslo , Norway , between October 2001 and August 2003 .
The predictor variables ( columns 2 to 8 ) are the logarithm of the number of cars per hour , temperature $ 2 $ meter above ground ( degree C ) , wind speed ( meters / second ) , the temperature difference between $ 25 $ and $ 2 $ meters above ground ( degree C ) , wind direction ( degrees between 0 and 360 ) , hour of day and day number from October 1 . 2001 .
Submitted by Magne Aldrin ( magne.aldrin@nr.no ) . [ 28/Jul/04 ] ( 19 kbytes ) pollen Synthetic dataset about the geometric features of pollen grains .
There are 3848 observations on 5 variables .
From the 1986 ASA Data Exposition dataset , made up by David Coleman of RCA Labs .
The data are in one file : pollen.data
A shar archive of 9 files .
The first file gives a short description of the data , then there are 8 data files , each with 481 observations .
( 205954 bytes ) pollen.extra
Some extra comments about the data .
Look here for hints .
pollution
This is the pollution data so loved by writers of papers on ridge regression .
Source : McDonald , G.C. and Schwing , R.C. ( 1973 ) ' Instabilities of regression estimates relating air pollution to mortality ' , Technometrics , vol.15 , 463-482. ( 8540 bytes ) profb Scores and point spreads for all NFL games in the 1989 - 91 seasons .
Contributed by Robin Lock ( rlock@stlawu.bitnet ) [ 15/Sept/92 ] ( 27733 bytes ) prnn
This shar archive contains the datasets used in ` Pattern Recognition and Neural Networks ' by B.D. Ripley , Cambridge University Press ( 1996 ) , ISBN 0 521 46086 7 ( ripley@stats.ox.ac.uk ) [ 1/Dec/95 ] ( 101 kbytes ) rabe
This file contains data from Regression Analysis By Example , 2nd Edition , by Samprit Chatterjee and Bertram Price , John Wiley , 1991 . ( schatter@stern.nyu.edu ) [ 6/Feb/92 ] ( 40309 bytes ) rir
This file contains data from Residuals and Influence in Regression , R. Dennis Cook and Sanford Weisberg , Chapman and Hall , 1982 . ( sandy@umnstat.stat.umn.edu ) ( 5206 bytes ) .
[ Updated 25 / May / 93 ] riverflow Datasets mentioned in " Parsimony , Model Adequacy and Periodic Correlation in Time Series Forecasting " , ISI Review , A.I. McLeod ( 1992 , to appear ) .
Submitted by A.Ian McLeod ( aim@stats.uwo.ca ) .
Time series data .
A shar archive .
[ 22/Jan/92 ] ( 294052 bytes ) .
rmftsa Data Sets for " Regression Models for Time Series Analysis " by B. Kedem and K. Fokianos , Wiley 2002 .
Submitted by Kostas Fokianos ( fokianos@ucy.ac.cy ) [ 8/Nov/02 ] ( 176 k ) sapa time series used in " Spectral Analysis for Physical Applications " by D. B. Percival and A. T. Walden , Cambridge University Press , 1993 . ( dbp@apl.washington.edu ) [ 4/Nov/92 ]( 50788 bytes ) saubts
Two ocean wave time series used in " Spectral Analysis of Univariate and Bivariate Time Series " by D. B. Percival , Chapter 11 of " Statistical Methods for Physical Science , " edited by J. L. Stanford and S. B. Vardeman , Academic Press , 1993 . ( dbp@apl.washington.edu ) [ 14/Apr/93 ] ( 47 kbytes ) schizo Schizophrenic Eye - Tracking Data in Rubin and Wu ( 1997 ) Biometrics .
Yingnian Wu ( wu@hustat.harvard.edu ) [ 14/Oct/97 ] ( 21 k ) sensory Data for the sensory evaluation experiment in Brien , C.J. and Payne , R.W. ( 1996 ) Tiers , structure formulae and the analysis of complicated experiments .
submitted for publication .
Chris Brien ( matcjb@ntx.city.unisa.edu.au ) [ 22/Oct/96 ] ( 19 k ) ships
Ship damage data , from " Generalized Linear Models " by McCullagh and Nelder , section 6.3.2 , page 137 . ( therneau@mayo.edu ) ( 1709 bytes ) sleuth Contains 110 data sets from the book " The Statistical Sleuth " by Fred Ramsey and Dan Schafer ; Duxbury Press , 1997 . ( schafer@stat.orst.edu ) [ 14/Oct/97 ] ( 172 k ) sleep Data from which conclusions were drawn in the article " Sleep in Mammals : Ecological and Constitutional Correlates " by Allison , T. and Cicchetti , D. ( 1976 ) , _Science_ , November 12 , vol. 194 , pp. 732-734 .
Includes brain and body weight , life span , gestation time , time sleeping , and predation and danger indices for 62 mammals .
Submitted by Roger Johnson ( rwjohnso@silver.sdsmt.edu ) [ 27/Jul/94 ] ( 8 k ) smoothmeth A collection of the data sets used in the book " Smoothing Methods in Statistics , " by Jeffrey S. Simonoff , Springer - Verlag , New York , 1996 .
Submitted by Jeff Simonoff ( jsimonoff@stern.nyu.edu ) . [ 13 / Mar/96 ] ( 242 kbytes ) socmob Social Mobility ( US , 1973 ) .
Two four - way 17x17x2x2 contingency tables : Father 's occupation , Son 's occupation ( first and current ) , family structure , race .
Submitted by Timothy J. Biblarz ( biblarz@uscvm.bitnet ) .
[ corrected 25/Jan/93 ] space_ga Election data including spatial coordinates on 3,107 US counties .
Used in Pace and Barry ( 1997 ) , Geographical Analysis , Volume 29 , 1997 , p. 232-247 .
Submitted by Kelley Pace ( kpace@unix1.sncc.lsu.edu ) . [ 3/Nov/99 ] ( 548 kbytes ) spdc2693 Standard and Poor 's 500 Index closing values from 1926 to 1993 .
See also djdc0093 .
Submitted by eduardo ley , ( edley@eco.uc3m.es ) [ 13 / Mar/96 ] ( 333 kbytes ) stanford Two versions of the Stanford Heart Transplant Data , one " The Statistical Analysis of Failure Time Data " by Kalbfleisch and Prentice , Appendix I , pages 230 - 232 , the other from the original paper by Crowley and Hu. ( therneau@mayo.edu ) ( 15003 bytes ) [ Corrected , 8 / Mar/93 ] stanford.diff
The differences between the two Stanford data sets .
strikes Data on industrial disputes and their covariates in 18 OECD countries , 1951 - 1985 .
Prepared by Bruce Western ( western@datacomm.iue.it ) [ 2/Oct/95 ] ( 44 k ) tecator
The task is to predict the fat content of a meat sample on the basis of its near infrared absorbance spectrum .
Regression .
Submitted by thodberg@nn.meatre.dk ( Hans Henrik Thodberg ) [ 23/Jan/95 ] ( 302 kbytes ) transplant Data on deaths within 30 days of heart transplant surgery at 131 U.S. hospitals .
see Bayesian Biostatistics , D. Berry & D. Stangl , eds , 1996 , Marcel Dekker .
Cindy L. Christiansen and Carl N. Morris Cindy Christiansen [ 22/Oct/96 ] ( 3 k ) tsa Software and Data Sets for " Time Series Analysis and Its Applications " by R.H. Shumway & D.S. Stoffer , Springer , 2000 .
Submitted by David Stoffer ( stoffer@stat.pitt.edu ) [ 10 / Mar/00 ] tumor Tumor Recurrence data for patients with Bladder cancer Taken from Wei , Lin and Weissfeld , JASA 1989 , p 1067 .
From : therneau@mayo.edu ( Terry Therneau ) [ 23/Mar/93 ] [ 5/Jun/96 ] ( 3 k ) veteran Veteran 's Administration Lung Cancer Trial , Taken from Kalbfleisch and Prentice , pages 223-224 ( therneau@mayo.edu ) ( 8249 bytes ) visualizing .data
This zip file contains 25 data sets from the book Visualizing Data published by Hobart Press ( books@hobart.com ) and written by William S. Cleveland ( wsc@research.att.com ) .
There is also a README file so there are 26 files in all .
Each of the 25 files has the data in an ascii comma separated format .
The name of each data file is the name of the data set used in the book .
To find the description of the data set in the book look under the entry " data , name " in the index .
For example , one data set is barley .
To find the description of barley , look in the index under the entry " data , barley " .
The S archive of Statlib has a file created by S that contains the data sets in a format that makes it easy to read them into S. [ 12/Nov/93 ]
[ 17/Oct/94 ] [ 23/Oct/97 ] wind daily average wind speeds for 1961 - 1978 at 12 synoptic meteorological stations in the Republic of Ireland ( Haslett and Raftery , Applied Statistics 1989 ) .
There is a LARGE amount of data .
Please be sure you want it before you ask for it !!
There are two entries to obtain .
wind.desc
A short desciption of the data ( 815 bytes ) wind.data
The data ( 532494 bytes ) .
wind .
correlations
Estimated correlations between daily 3 p.m. wind measurements during September and October 1997 for a network of 45 stations in the Sydney region .
From Nott and Dunsmuir , ``Analysis of Spatial Covariance Structure from Monitoring Data , '' Technical Report , Department of Statistics , University of New South Wales .
Submitted by David Nott ( djn@maths.unsw.edu.au ) . [ 8 /Mar/00 ] ( 13 kbytes ) witmer A shar archive of data from the book Data Analysis : An Introduction ( 1992 ) Prentice Hall bu Jeff Witmer .
Submitted by Jeff Witmer ( fwitmer@ocvaxa.cc.oberlin.edu ) [ 28/Jun/94 ] ( 29 kbytes ) wseries
These data tell whether or not the home team won for each game played in all World Series prior to 1994 .
The data appear as the STATS Challenge for Issue 11 .
Submitted by Jeff Witmer ( fwitmer@ocvaxa.cc.oberlin.edu ) [ 20 / Mar/94 ] ( 3 kbytes ) Vinnie .
Johnson Data on the shooting of Vinnie Johnson of the Detroit Pistons during the 1985 - 1986 through 1988 - 1989 seasons .
Source was the New York Times .
Submitted by Rob Kass ( kass@stat.cmu.edu ) [ 18/Aug/95 ] ( 26 kbytes ) submissions Information on how to submit data to this archive .
Other Sources
Credit where credit is due
beautiful customizable clock with plugins
Very customizable beautiful clock .
Current STABLE version is 4.7.8 .
Next ( testing , maybe unstable ) version available in “ next ” folder .
Windows 10 ready !
Supported macOS version is 10.12 +.
Retina display ready !
Linux build is available only for 64 - bit systems .
Nothing special required to start using this clock .
Just launch it and enjoy !
When it starts , apart the clock itself , small tray icon appears ( if system tray is available ) .
Tray icon color depends on operating system , in most cases it is black , but on Windows 10 and macOS with dark theme it is white .
This tray icon can be used to call clock configuration dialog .
Also this dialog can be called using clock context menu .
You can create your own skin !
See this link for details : https://sourceforge.net/p/digitalclock4/wiki/How%20to%20create%20skin/
NOTE : do NOT download any .rar or .exe files marked as my software , these files are made NOT by me and I do n't responsible for their content !
The BBC has come under renewed pressure over its decision to invite the leader of the British National Party ( BNP ) to take part in BBC1's Question Time after the far - right party attacked non-white members of the panel .
Anti-fascist groups said last night that the corporation should rethink the inclusion of Nick Griffin in Thursday 's broadcast after " racially - termed " insults were made against his fellow panellists Baroness Warsi , the shadow communities minister , and the black playwright Bonnie Greer .
Its attack on Lady Warsi , the last panellist to be announced for the programme , was posted on the party 's website .
" True to her Yorkshire roots [ sic ] , she likes to call a spade a spade or a shovel even , " the profile states , adding that , " the Baroness is ' bursting with ideas on how to bring together communities , ' but curiously she does n't tell us what those ideas are .
My guess is she 's planning coffee and ( halal ) cake mornings at the Markasi mosque in Savile Town " [ in her home town of Dewsbury ] .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The party had earlier published a similar profile of Ms Greer , accusing her of being a " black history fabricator " after she made a radio programme called In Search of the Black Madonna .
" What does Bonnie Greer have to do to get on to Question Time ? " the BNP website asked .
" Answer : Fabricate black history and be paid for it ...
The reality is that none of the ' black Madonnas ' of medieval Europe even remotely resemble , in facial features , black people . "
It also described Jack Straw , the Justice Secretary who will be appearing for the Government , as " slimy " .
The anti-fascist group Searchlight said that the BBC should reconsider its position .
" The BNP uses racial language , describing Bonnie Greer as a black history fabricator and smearing Sayeeda Warsi , " said a spokesman .
" Regardless of the rights and wrongs of the decision to invite the BNP on to Question Time in the first place , it is another thing to start abusing fellow guests in racial terms .
Surely the BBC cannot ignore this . "
A spokesman for the BBC said : " It is not for us to comment on content on the BNP 's website . "
Mark Thompson , the BBC 's director general , yesterday stood by the corporation 's decision to invite Mr Griffin on to the programme .
He rejected concerns raised by Peter Hain , the Welsh Secretary , that the BBC could be acting unlawfully by allowing the BNP to take part .
A letter from Mr Hain had suggested that the BNP 's current constitution , banning black , Asian and Jewish members , meant that it was in breach of the Race Relations Act .
" According to the advice we have received , the BNP is not prevented from continuing to operate on a day - to - day basis and its elected representatives continue to sit on councils and in the European Parliament , " Mr Thompson wrote in reply to Mr Hain .
" It remains the BBC 's obligation to scrutinise and hold to account all elected representatives and to do so with due impartiality .
We are also advised that if there were to be any election tomorrow , the BNP would still be able to field candidates . "
Mr Straw is to appear on the programme despite the concerns of Mr Hain and the Home Secretary , Alan Johnson , who refused to take part .
Downing Street said the decision to invite the BNP was one for the BBC .
A No 10 spokesman added that Mr Straw 's decision to take part was " not a problem " .
Concerns over the inclusion of Mr Griffin are growing within the Labour Party , however .
Jon Cruddas , a Labour backbencher who has never shared a platform with the BNP , said that the corporation should not have used Question Time to give the party publicity .
" While they have to give them a platform , the question is what platform , " Mr Cruddas said .
" Question Time is precisely the wrong format for them to use , because it lends itself to sound - bite populism .
There are four other panellists and the format avoids scrutiny and in - depth dissection of people 's positions .
They could still have acknowledged the fact that BNP voters pay for their licence fee by giving Nick Griffin 45 minutes with John Humphrys or Andrew Neil . "
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
Should Griffin be allowed on ?
The debate rages ...
Refusing the BNP a platform has stopped working : Ed Husain , Co-founder of the counter - extremism think tank Quilliam Foundation
A no-platform policy for the BNP has failed .
Fifty councillors across Britain , two MPs in Brussels and one GLA member show that the " no- platform " consensus of Britain 's political class is outdated .
That 's not to say it was wrong – it was right for its time and helped to make the BNP moderate its views .
But what now ?
Griffin has cut his teeth in northern cities and specialised in launching semantic attacks on Muslim communities to which very few Westminster politicians can respond with similar audacity , oomph , and conviction .
How many know the difference between a Sunni and a Shia Muslim ?
What will Jack Straw say when Griffin launches a tirade against communal separatism in Straw 's constituency , Blackburn ?
Do our politicians have the courage to talk about immigration , class , Europe with the candour of Griffin ?
I doubt it .
Combined with the broadcast media 's hunger for sensationalism , Nick Griffin has this Thursday 's debate game , set and match .
If all goes well , Griffin 's real opposition is not Straw or Chris Huhne , but Baroness Sayeeda Warsi who can , and should , ask in all candour : " What 's un- British about me , Griffin ? "
All power to Sayeeda .
Tories , watch and learn .
The BNP are racist and laughable – but still get away with it : Douglas Murray , Author and the director of the Centre for Social Cohesion
Nick Griffin represents a fascist party which can now claim to speak for almost a million voters .
This shows , among other things , that the Unite Against Fascism style of left - wing anti-BNP tactics has failed .
On Thursday night UAF will hold a demo outside the BBC while the fascist Griffin sits inside on the panel .
We have to rethink the way in which we critique the BNP .
Their ideas divide into the laughable and the racist .
Thursday should provide an opportunity to show this , but I suspect it wo n't .
Politicians on the panel will spend their time running to the opposite end of the see-saw to Griffin .
The only way to take the BNP apart is to explain that there are legitimate reasons for people in the UK to be worried about immigration and the future of our country but that Griffin is a racist and exactly the wrong person to deal with that .
Our government and opposition – epitomised by fellow panellists , Jack Straw and Sayeeda Warsi – have spent years cosying up to Islamic fascists .
Now they have the chance to meet the nativist variety this has given succour to .
I only wish they knew how to destroy what they have helped create .
The BNP succeed because MPs ignore awkward issues : Roger Scruton , Philosopher and broadcaster
Questions of the greatest concern to ordinary voters in our country are either swept aside by politicians of the mainstream parties or ruled out as undiscussable .
Immigration , and the cost of it ; the European Union and its effect on our way of life ; the nation and its identity ; and so on .
When the mainstream parties refuse to discuss issues of common concern , and when prominent people are intimidated into dissociating themselves from anyone who nevertheless does so , new political parties will emerge , which make those issues central to their identity .
The élites then close ranks , to prevent those new parties from obtaining a public voice or a shared platform .
Are the people well served by this ?
Should we not be making sure that the BNP has a voice in politics , so that the main political parties are compelled , at last , to come into the open concerning matters which are of the greatest concern to the people ?
Of course , it may be that the BNP is advocating illegal , subversive or unconstitutional measures : in which case it should be silenced by law , and not by censorship .
Nobody , so far as I know , has suggested that this is so .
The " no platform " approach is therefore essentially anti-democratic , and deeply insulting to the many British subjects who would like the questions raised by the BNP to be publicly discussed by the only people – the politicians – who are in a position to address them .
Griffin is slippery and will be very difficult to pin down : Ann Cryer , Labour MP for Keighley
I found out that Nick Griffin was standing against me in the 2005 general election a few weeks after the death of my husband in a car crash .
He was the last person I wanted to hear from at that time in my life .
I have spent 12 years walking on egg shells because of my work to fight the cases of Asian young women , and not wanting that work to be twisted by the BNP so they could use it against the Asian community in my constituency .
I have always refused to share a platform with the BNP and I continued to refuse during that election .
My mind is divided over his appearance .
Nick Griffin is a slippery politician .
He will say one thing to supporters on the doorstep and something else to the media .
I find him completely distasteful .
But I have no problem with someone going on the programme if they think they can benefit the cause of democracy by demonstrating to the public just what it is he is about .
Négocié depuis deux ans , l'Accord de Commerce Anti-Contrefaçon ( ACTA ) est toujours étrangement protégé de tout regard extérieur .
Si 42 organisations et industriels ont eu accès aux documents de travail , c'est uniquement sous la condition de s'engager à n'en rien divulguer .
En mai 2008 , le monde a découvert grâce à une fuite qu’un nouveau traité sur la lutte contre la contrefaçon initié en 2007 par les Etats - Unis était négocié en toute confidentialité avec des délégations de la Commission européenne , du Japon et de la Suisse .
L’Accord de Commerce Anti-Contrefaçon ( ACTA ) doit devenir le premier grand texte sur le droit d’auteur et la propriété intellectuelle depuis les accords de l ’Organisation Mondiale de la Propriété Intellectuelle de 1996 , qui ont abouti à la directive européenne sur le droit d’auteur de 2001 puis sur la en France sur la loi DADVSI .
L’ACTA poursuit une longue tradition qui confisque aux parlementaires nationaux le droit de décider eux - mêmes du niveau de protection qu’ils souhaitent accorder dans leur pays à la propriété intellectuelle , et qui leur donne simplement l’obligation politique de ratifier les accords négociés au plus haut niveau par les diplomates , avec différents lobbys .
Le Parlement Européen et différentes organisations de défense des intérêts publics dont l’EFF et Knowledge Economy réclament depuis des mois la publication des documents relatifs aux négociations , sans succès .
Il leur est rétorqué que les documents sont classés « dans l’intérêt de la sécurité nationale « , sous l’Executive Order 12958 de 1995 .
C’est - à- dire ce qu’on appelle en France « Secret Défense » .
Finalement , la soupape s’ouvre légèrement .
Comme le rapporte Libération , le bureau du Représentant américain au commerce a accepté d’ouvrir la consultation à 42 organisations et personnalités , pour la plupart des industriels , mais aussi des collectifs de défense des droits civils .
Mais sous la condition qu’ils signent au préalable un accord de non-divulgation , qui leur interdit de parler des négociations et surtout de ce que contient le traité .
Même la liste des personnalités invitées à consulter le texte sous ces conditions draconniènes devait être gardée secrète , toujours pour des motifs fallacieux de sécurité nationale .
Elle a en fait été révélée par KEI , qui a entamé une procédure pour en avoir connaissance .
Parmi ceux qui ont eu accès aux documents figurent ainsi la Business Software Alliance , Google , eBay , Verizon , Intel , News Corp , Sony Pictures , Time Warner , la MPAA , la RIAA , et divers autres groupes de protection de la propriété intellectuelle .
Trois membres de Public Knownledge , un membre du Centre pour la Démocratie et la Technologie , et un membre de l ’Association des industries de l’Electronique Grand Public figurent également dans la liste .
Mais pourquoi le public dans son ensemble , directement concerné par les lois qui découleront du traité , et plus largement les députés qui devront ratifier le traité en droit national , n’ont - ils pas accès aux documents de négociation ?
Que contient ce traité qui justifie sa protection par le secret défense ?
Ca n’a aucun sens , si ce n’est d’éviter un débat « trop public » qui donnerait du poids aux contestations des internautes .
D’ailleurs , les méthodes rappellent celles critiquées par Free pour la mission Olivennes .
Les 42 chanceux ne peuvent pas repartir avec les documents , mais simplement les consulter dans des réunions .
Les négociations reprendront à Séoul , en Corée du Sud , du 4 au 6 novembre prochain .
As noted in our blog about a Douglas County school allowing parents to opt out of letting their kids watch President Barack Obama 's speech to children on Tuesday , we pointed out that other Commanders - in - Chief have directly addressed younglings -- among them President George W. Bush , who asked America 's kids to each donate a dollar to the plight of children in Afghanistan back in 2001 .
But a closer comparison can be made to a September 1991 teleconference conducted by Dubya 's father , President George Herbert Walker Bush , in conjunction with the National Space Science Symposium .
The idea was to get kids excited about education in general and careers in math and science in particular through grandfatherly advice , with occasional attempts at corny humor tossed in .
For example , he said at one point , " All of you can turn learning into an adventure .
And to do this you have to prepare not just by studying , but by studying hard , especially math and science .
And that means doing what I too often fail to do , that means homework . "
This joke 's probably funnier now than it was at the time .
But it 's not as hilarious as the following exchange , which came during a question - and - answer session with kids :
The President .
I 'll tell you , I 've got some good news .
We 're making dramatic progress in the fight against narcotics .
It 's just beginning to happen , but we 're making great progress .
And the best progress is amongst kids your age and a little bit older who are turning away from drugs because they know how bad it is .
But no , there would be no room for drug use in space .
The life that Charlie 's described for you and you 've heard about from La Porte , Texas , today , is too complex :
One person 's life depends on another .
And you can't have any kind of thing like drug use in space .
Q . My question is , do you think current problems like drugs and crime will follow us to space ?
With those words , President Bush probably convinced an entire generation of kids to drop out of school and follow the Grateful Dead .
Read the entire text of the Bush teleconference below .
Remarks in a Teleconference With Schoolchildren During the Annual National Space Science Symposium
1991-09-17
The President .
Well , Dick , Admiral Truly , thank you very , very much ; and to Charlie here and Tammy down there someplace , Lisa .
I was watching part of the program before we came in .
I saw some of you all there .
And let me say how exciting I think the efforts of the spacemobilers and the astronauts are to teach students about space and space exploration .
When I was a kid , we had some idols we thought were out of this world .
With people like Charlie and Tammy Jernigan , they really are out of this world .
And you know what I mean .
It 's also a privilege to be with so many fine students interested in learning about the future of space .
And I especially want to salute the national winners of the Space Science Student Involvement Program who are in the studio with us here today .
Their academic achievement , you guys can learn from them , their academic achievement deserves real special recognition .
So looking forward to today , for a few minutes I was a hero with one of my young grandkids , younger guy than you .
When I told her I was going to be on television , she thought I 'd finally made it on to ``Sesame Street . '' [ Laughter ]
And as you begin the school year , just think of what you can make of the future .
Many of you are the class of the year 2000 .
In NASA lingo , that means ``T '' minus 8 years , 3 months , and 13 days .
And you , the students of today , will help keep America the world 's leader .
And all of you , if you work hard , but all of you can turn learning into an adventure .
And to do this you have to prepare not just by studying , but by studying hard , especially math and science .
And that means doing what I too often fail to do , that means homework .
And it means setting goals both for you and for America .
This is why our administration and the Nation 's Governors created six national educational goals , one of which is to be the first in the world in math and science .
And together you can help say of American education , ``All systems are go . ''
And since this telecast began , the astronauts orbiting in the space shuttle Discovery have traveled halfway around the planet Earth .
Just think about that : Just since the program began , about 12,000 miles .
Even if you do n't end up working in space , what you learn about math and science and all the rest of the subjects you study will help you for the rest of your life .
So , do your best .
Make America proud .
Help achieve a lift - off to learning .
And now , Charlie , having heard some questions I understand they 've got a few more questions , and maybe you and I can answer them .
I hope they give the tough ones to this guy , and I 'll take the easy ones .
[ Laughter ]
Mr. Bolden .
Well , Mr. President , I think they 're ready , and we 're going to give you two questions from here before we switch down to Texas for some .
So , who has a question for the President ?
The President .
There she goes .
What is it ?
Q. I go to Stevens Elementary School .
My teacher is Miss Hamilton .
The President .
Is she a hard teacher ?
Q. No .
The President .
No ?
Okay .
Q . Do you want your grandchildren to live and work in space ?
The President .
Oh , I 'd love it if one of them would do that .
We 've got 12 , so we 've got a lot to choose from , girls and boys .
But I think it would be wonderful .
I do n't know whether they 'll make it , but if they 're going to , they 've got to start in , as I 'm sure some of you are : recognize the importance of school first and then as they get a little older concentrate on that math and science and all the things that Charlie can tell you about that are important to it .
But I think it would be wonderful because I think the challenge for our country , a lot of it , lies out there in space .
Mr. Bolden .
Next question .
Let me see your hands , and , Admiral Truly , I think there 's one right by you .
Q. I would like to ask you how is space technology helping you as the President ?
The President .
Well , there are many ways it helps .
I 'm not sure exactly in terms of my day - to - day responsibilities as President , but space technology helps in so many practical ways .
One I think of is , and I guess it affects whether you 're President or whether you 're just a plain citizen , is in medicine .
Some of the research that they have done has a direct application to medicine .
Other parts of research that interest me , I guess , again , not just because I'm President , but citizen , is what they learn about weather , what they learn about crops internationally in terms of feeding the world .
One of the worries I have is there are a lot of hungry people in the world .
And how do we , as the United States , use our advanced science that NASA taught us so much about to help other people ?
And we 've got to help people at home , but we also have an obligation .
Somebody is hungry halfway around the world , we need to help them .
And the science that comes out of the space program in terms of agriculture is very , very important .
So , that is just a couple of ways , but I 'm sure there are many , many more .
Mr. Bolden .
Mr. President , we 're going to switch now down to Tammy Jernigan and the crew in La Porte and give them an opportunity to ask us about four questions .
So , Tammy , if you would go around the room and give us your question .
Ms. Jernigan .
Thank you , Charlie .
Mr. President , I 've been so really excited here at College Park Elementary to ask you some questions .
Q. Mr. President , how will you know that we 're first in science and math ?
The President .
Well , I do n't know .
There are all kinds of objective ways of measuring .
But one of the goals that we have is to have voluntary testing at various levels : 4th , 8th , and 12th grade .
They have measures now to determine what countries are ahead , and , regrettably , we 're about 12th in that special field .
So , in addition to just getting a feeling of it by the results , by how well people do in life , there will be , under our national education goals , there will be national testing .
And I think this will help .
I think the schools are interested .
The Governors are interested , and I think it will help us answer your question better , once that starts .
Q. Mr. President , how did you come up with your goals ?
The President .
I did n't hear you .
Tell me one more time .
I was listening , but I just did n't get it .
What was it ?
Q. Mr. President , how did you come up with your goals ?
The President .
The education goals , a very good question .
I 'll tell you what we did .
We met with all the Governors .
And I went down to Charlottesville , Virginia , and met with the Governors .
And then they went back to the States and working with the White House staff and the Governors ' staffs we came up with these national goals .
They made suggestions .
We 'd offer our suggestions .
And 50 Governors came together with the White House to set , for the first time in our history , national goals .
And they are : to be first in math and science .
We talk about ``ready to learn , '' and that means Head Start program .
We talk about ``nobody is too old to learn . ''
That includes me .
I 'm trying to learn a computer .
Everybody in this room probably knows how to do it better than I do .
But I 'm not too old to learn even though I 'm getting up there , 67 years old .
I remember when I was your age I thought if I got 67 , wow , over the hill , gone , history .
[ Laughter ]
But we 've got these good sensible goals now .
And now the thing we 're going to try to do is get each State to work with their communities to solve these , to come up with solutions so that we meet these education goals .
Who else has got it ?
Nice to see you again , incidentally .
Q. Mr. President , why do we want to put a person on Mars ?
The President .
Well , I think it 's going to just go to the cutting edge of the science .
And everything that 's happened in space , from the very first vehicle into space to the very last , has taught us a lot about the real world and all outside our own world .
And so , I think it would just be a quantum leap forward in terms of our knowledge as to what the universe is about .
And I hope that in addition it would have very practical answers to some of the problems we face on Earth .
So , it 's going to what they call a cutting edge .
It 's going out front .
It 's exploring .
It 's like the guys in the wagon trains that used to go across this country .
They were the pioneers .
Now , the pioneers are Charlie and Lisa and Tammy and others .
And it 's a wonderfully exciting thing .
So , it 's expensive .
It 's going to take a while to do it , but we 've always got to be in the forefront .
At the United States , more and more countries are looking to us for everything in the world , including being the leader in science and technology .
Q. Mr. President , what if you are talented in art and you drop out of school because you can make a bunch of money ?
The President .
Talented in art and you drop out of school to make a bunch of dough ?
Well , first place , I hope -- maybe if you 're asking about yourself or someone in your family , I hope they are talented in art .
But I do n't think you ought to drop out of school .
You can have one discipline .
You can have one area of expertise .
But to be a full human being you need a wide array of knowledge .
And so my advice to somebody that fit that description -- really good in art , maybe good enough to start selling paintings or doing sculpture , or whatever it is , is a grade school or a high school student -- finish your education .
That 's only a part of your life , a vital part of your life .
But you need to be a whole person , a whole man , a whole woman .
And you can't do it if you are less than fully educated .
So , if you know somebody , if you asked me the question because you know somebody that fits that description and they were looking for a little advice : Keep up with the art .
Do what you do best , but do n't neglect being a whole person .
And you only get that from a full education .
Good question though .
Ms. Jernigan .
Mr. President , we understand we 're out of time .
We really appreciate the time that you 've spent with us here today .
Bye .
The President .
All right .
Thanks .
You guys had good questions .
Mr. Bolden .
Tammy , thanks very much to you and the kids down there in La Porte .
And we 're going to swing back up here and give our kids an opportunity to ask just a few more questions before the President has to leave .
So , how about more questions ?
Q . My question is , do you think current problems like drugs and crime will follow us to space ?
The President .
I 'll tell you , I 've got some good news .
We 're making dramatic progress in the fight against narcotics .
It 's just beginning to happen , but we 're making great progress .
And the best progress is amongst kids your age and a little bit older who are turning away from drugs because they know how bad it is .
But no , there would be no room for drug use in space .
The life that Charlie 's described for you and you 've heard about from La Porte , Texas , today , is too complex :
One person 's life depends on another .
And you can't have any kind of thing like drug use in space .
What grade are you in ?
Q. Fourth .
The President .
Fourth grade .
Ca n't have it in the fourth grade .
You ruin your lives .
And the good news is , as I say , is people are beginning to understand this more .
The bad news is , we 're not there yet .
I just met with the President of Peru before I came over here .
And they grow something like 40 , 60 percent of the coca leaf , and we 're working with them to try to eliminate this .
And they say to us , ``Hey , you help us eliminate this coca leaf . ''
That 's where the cocaine comes from .
`` But you use 80 percent of the narcotics in the world .
The demand in your country , Mr. Bush , is 80 percent . ''
So , what we 've got to do is continue with the education programs and the neighborhood programs and the State programs and the community programs and , yes , the White House programs .
So we teach people you simply can't use drugs whether it 's space -- it 's not going to go out into outer space -- nor cities , nor homes , nor families , wherever .
We just ca n't do it .
Q. Would you like to go on a trip to space to help build a space station ?
The President .
Yes , I 'd like to .
I do n't think I 'll make it though .
[ Laughter ]
I do n't think they 'd let me in .
I do n't think Admiral Truly , who 's the boss of this program , would have a guy my age .
I think healthwise I might be able to make it .
And I 'm not sure Charlie would want an old guy up there with him on his next space mission which he 's going to undertake what , next spring ?
Mr. Bolden .
Next spring sometime .
The President .
Your question was n't am I going to do it , but would I like to .
I 'd love to do it .
I really would love to see the world as these people have seen it .
And I think I 'd be a better President if I had .
Q. I want to ask you , how difficult is it to be our President ?
The President .
It depends on what 's happening out there , I 'll tell you .
And some days it 's very difficult , and some days it 's not so bad .
But I think the answer is :
In the first place , it 's exciting ; it 's fun ; I like it .
There are so many things to be done both here and abroad .
And the thing about that one is to get good people with you .
One of the reasons our space program has been successful , the leader in the whole world , is because we 've attracted really good people .
And the same thing is true for the White House .
So , you know , at times like during the war and stuff , it gets a little complicated and difficult .
And then at times , you just feel , look we can do anything we set our sights on .
But I think the advice is :
Get good people around you .
Q. I want to know what kind of work -- is the work hard that you do ?
The President .
You mean President ?
Well , it 's pretty long hours .
I get up every morning at 5 a.m .
This might be of real interest to you .
Our dogs are like alarm clocks .
We have two dogs , you know , Millie and Ranger .
They 're like alarm clocks .
They wake at 5 a.m. every morning .
And so I have a long day .
So , I go home and go to the Oval Office .
Then in the evening I work .
I have an office in the White House , the big White House part , the residence .
And sometimes it 's very difficult and complicated , and you worry about people and how they 're doing : drugs or the cities or whatever else it is .
But I do n't know that it 's harder than your teacher 's job or the astronaut 's job .
I do n't think it 's a question of difficulty .
Again , it 's a question of , ``Are you up for it ?
Do you think you can do it ?
Do you want to make a contribution ? ''
Something like that .
Q . And I want to know , how do you feel about sending people into space ?
The President .
Sending people in there ?
Well , in the first place , clearly people do n't go into space unless they want to , unless they 've got a drive , unless they 've got a mission .
And then , you worry about it , as President .
But I think their neighbors worry about it , his friends .
It 's something when you see something dramatic like a lift - off .
But I view it as a challenge .
I think Charlie 's lucky .
He 's a good man .
I think he 's lucky to be in space .
Mr. Bolden .
We have time for one more question , and you 've been having your hand up , so go ahead .
Q. Mr. Bush , would you consider letting Millie be the first American dog in space ?
[ Laughter ]
The President .
First dog in space ?
Q. American .
The President .
I do n't think I 'd let Millie do it because I do n't think she could pass the physical .
She has lupus , and that 's a disease .
And I do n't think any of the doctors at NASA would let her go .
Other than that , if they were going to take a dog out there , I 'd let Ranger .
I 've got a dog named Ranger , Millie 's son .
He could go maybe .
But I do n't think people would like the President 's dog getting to be the first dog in space .
They 'd all say , ``Hey , how come my dog did n't get to go . ''
You know what I mean ?
So , I do n't think Millie 's going to go either .
But anyway , that 's an interesting question because they do take different kinds of animals .
I guess you do , or do n't you ?
Mr. Bolden .
Different kinds of animals .
Yes , sir , Mr. President .
The President .
No dogs yet ?
Mr. Bolden .
No dogs yet that I know of , like you said , on an American space flight .
Mr. President , we want to thank you very much .
I know you 've been very , very busy .
And you 've taken a lot of your personal time out to be with us today .
And I know the kids are excited .
So , I thank you for them .
Admiral Truly , we thank you very much .
I want to thank Lisa McLeod .
Tammy , I 'd like to really thank you and the kids down there in La Porte .
I want to thank our television audience because you 've been superb .
We 've had lots of fun here together .
We want to thank the public television stations who 've chosen to carry us today .
And we want to encourage all of you to take heed at the words that you heard today : study , study , study ; read , read , read .
We really appreciate your being with us .
So , so long .
Note : The President spoke at 2:38 p.m. from the auditorium of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration on NASA Select TV via a two - way video and audio satellite hookup .
In his remarks , the President referred to : NASA Administrator Richard H. Truly ; Lisa McLeod , NASA Aerospace Education Specialist ; Elizabeth Hamilton , a teacher at Stevens Elementary School ; and President Alberto Fujimori of Peru .
Astronauts Charlie Bolden in Washington , and Tammy Jernigan in La Porte , Texas , led the teleconference .
Students participated in the teleconference from : Stevens Elementary School , Washington , DC ; Bucknell Elementary School , Alexandria , VA ; Ashburton Elementary School and Harlem Park Elementary School in Baltimore , MD ; and College Park Elementary School , La Porte , TX .
A tape was not available for verification of the content of these remarks .
For one day at least , Vince Young stepped up to try to fill the void for the late Steve McNair 's two young sons , The Tennessean reported Thursday .
Young surprised 11 - year - old Trenton and 5 - year - old Tyler on Wednesday by showing up at their house and taking them to their school 's " Dear Dads Breakfast " at a local restaurant .
" Those are my boys , " Young told The Tennessean .
" I would n't say it was to pay anyone back ; it was just out of love .
Steve would do it for me .
He pretty much did it for me when I was growing up .
I have a history with the boys and I want to do anything I can .
I am their big brother . "
Julie Dilworth , admissions director at St. Paul Christian Academy , lauded Young 's actions .
" It was a great , great gesture , " Dilworth told The Tennessean .
" All the kids had been talking about the dads ' breakfast and [ Trenton and Tyler ] were wondering what was going to happen with them .
" They were thrilled ... the boys came to school with huge smiles on their faces . "
Young had a close relationship with Steve McNair , even before the latter was drafted by the Titans four years ago .
He attended McNair 's football camps when he was young .
McNair was shot and killed July 4 .
Besides being there for McNair 's sons , Young gave other kids at the school jerseys and autographs .
" It was a surprise , and just to see the excitement on their faces , it 's a great feeling , " Young told The Tennessean .
" We had a good time eating pancakes .
I had an omelet .
" Overall they are doing cool , doing good .
Just talking to their mom , I think they are going to be all right .
I am always going to be here for them , always . "
McNair also had two older teenage sons .
L'intervista che ho fatto a Ignazio Marino , per L'espresso in edicola domani
Ventisette euro .
Per andare da Roma a Genova - dove ha incassato il sostegno di don Andrea Gallo - Ignazio Marino ha scartabellato in Rete fino a trovare un biglietto low cost .
« Non ho mica i soldi di Ugo Sposetti io » , ridacchia il chirurgo candidato riferendosi all ’ex tesoriere dei Ds .
Ed è solo il primo dei tanti colpi di bisturi rifilati ai due più quotati competitor , Bersani e Franceschini .
Eppure potrebbe essere proprio Marino , l’outsider , a diventare decisivo dopo il 25 ottobre , se nessuno degli aspiranti leader raggiungesse il 51 per cento alle primarie e quindi il segretario dovesse essere scelto al ballottaggio dai mille e passa componenti dell ’Assemblea nazionale Pd .
Marino , com’è la vita da terzo incomodo ?
« E chi l ’ha detto che arriverò terzo ?
Finora si è espresso l’apparato del partito , le primarie saranno tutta un’altra cosa .
Anzi , l’ostacolo più grande l’abbiamo già superato » .
In che senso ?
« Non le nascondo che durante il voto degli iscritti ero preoccupato .
In Italia ci sono ancora i capibastone che mandano la gente a votare in cambio di qualcosa .
E in alcune regioni - quelle in cui le condizioni sociali sono più difficili , come Puglia , Calabria e Sicilia - è successo proprio così .
Un po ’ strano che nel centro di Milano la mia mozione abbia superato il 30 per cento e nel centro di Catanzaro abbia preso lo zero virgola , non le pare ?
Ma ripeto : alle primarie sarà un’altra cosa » .
Cioè ?
« Se votano tre o quattro milioni di persone - e questa è la mia previsione - può cambiare tutto .
Non a caso D’Alema e Bersani sperano che vadano a votare in pochi .
Così vincono loro .
Preferiscono un flop del Pd - perché mezzo milione di votanti sarebbe un fallimento per tutto il partito - al rischio di perdere le primarie » .
Facciamo finta lo stesso che lei arrivi terzo e si vada al ballottaggio tra gli altri due .
Per chi votano i suoi ?
« Per chi accetterà il nostro programma .
Stenderemo sette - otto punti base , per dare un ’identità forte al partito .
Molto semplici , chiari : dei sì e dei no sui temi più importanti .
Non solo laicità , ma anche economia , merito , ambiente , ricerca .
Staremo con chi li sottoscrive tutti .
Pubblicamente , senza accordi di corridoio » .
D’accordo , ma chi è meglio per lei : Bersani o Franceschini ?
« Bersani è un comunista , in senso tattico .
Ha una visione del
Pd che è all ’opposto della mia .
Pensa a un partito che non aspira a diventare maggioranza , ma resta sempre minoritario , facendo accordi con altre forze minoritarie .
Non a caso ha tre grandi sostenitori : la Lega Nord , Comunione e liberazione e Giuliano Ferrara , che rappresenta la parte dialogante del Pdl .
Lo appoggiano perché sanno che con lui è facile tornare ad accordi da prima Repubblica , come quello sull ’immunità parlamentare » .
Fuori uno . E Franceschini ?
« Franceschini è un vero democristiano , di quelli che dicono una cosa e poi ne fanno un’altra .
Aveva detto che non si sarebbe ricandidato alla segreteria , ed eccolo qui .
Aveva detto che gli europarlamentari dovevano lavorare solo a Strasburgo , poi ha dato incarichi sul territorio a Cofferati e Serracchiani .
Nelle ultime settimane ha visto come tira il vento e si è messo a plagiare il mio programma : si è schierato contro il nucleare , mentre la sua mozione dice l’opposto ; si è messo a fare il laico sulla bioetica , e nella sua mozione ci sono i Fioroni e i Rutelli .
È una fotocopia che dice bugie .
Quindi poco credibile » .
Non mi pare che ci siano le premesse perché lei appoggi uno dei due .
« Infatti se si dovesse arrivare al ballotaggio , è probabile che trovino un accordo tra loro .
Ha mai visto dei democristiani e dei comunisti che non si mettono d’accordo ? » .
Lei non è né comunista né democristiano ?
« No , io sono un laico di sinistra » .
Che cosa votava prima del Pd ?
« In Italia votavo Berlinguer , poi Pds , tranne una volta che ho votato Lista Bonino .
Negli Stati Uniti ho sempre votato democratico » .
E , tornato dagli Usa , è entrato in politica come senatore Ds. Ma poi chi gliel ’ha fatto fare di candidarsi alla segreteria del Pd ?
« È quello che mi hanno chiesto una dozzina di maggiorenti del partito appena ho annunciato la candidatura .
Ma il “ chi te l’ha fatto fare ” è la filosofia più lontana dal mio modo di vedere l’esistenza e la politica .
Se uno ragiona così , rinuncia a tutte le sfide che la vita gli propone » .
Sì , ma me lo dica lo stesso : chi glielo ha fatto fare ?
« Primavera di quest ’anno , campagna elettorale per le Europee .
La faccio anche se non sono candidato e incontro tanti elettori .
Quando finisco di parlare , iniziano a dirmi : perché non lo fa lei il leader del Pd ?
All ’inizio lo prendo come uno scherzo .
Poi sempre meno .
Quindi cominciano a chiamarmi un po ’ di parlamentari ed esponenti del Pd : Felice Casson , Giuseppe Civati , Sandro Gozi , Ivan Scalfarotto , Goffredo Bettini , Paola Concia e altri .
Allora ci penso e telefono a Bersani e Franceschini » .
Perché ?
« Per capire che identità vogliono dare al partito .
Vado da Franceschini , poi da Bersani , quindi di nuovo da Franceschini .
Volevo solo dei sì e dei no molto chiari : sul testamento biologico , sul merito , sul nucleare , sulle energie rinnovabili , sulla ricerca , sul precariato ... » .
E loro ?
« Franceschini molto vago .
Né dei sì né dei no .
Continuava a ripetere che lui era l’innovazione e Bersani il vecchio apparato .
Sui contenuti zero » .
Bersani ?
« A modo suo fu onesto .
Mi disse che sui temi che gli proponevo avrebbe deciso a maggioranza il partito .
Certo , va benissimo che il partito voti , ma uno se vuol fare il segretario dovrebbe anche avere un ’idea sua , non le sembra ?
Invece niente .
Allora mi sono candidato io » .
Che si occupa di trapianti e di bioetica : un po ’ poco per la leadership di un grande partito .
« Sciocchezze .
Abbiamo messo insieme una squadra di persone validissime con cui si sono elaborate idee molto approfondite su tanti temi .
Pensi solo al programma economico , alle nostre proposte su precariato e pensioni : ci hanno lavorato studiosi come Ichino , Garibaldi , Tinagli e Taddei , consultandosi con economisti come Paul Krugman e Olivier Blanchard .
Mentre Bersani e Franceschini sono ancora lì con le ricette del secolo scorso » .
E uno dei due probabilmente diventerà segretario .
Dopo , che cosa succederà ?
« La cosa più importante è che il Pd si dia un’identità .
Finora è stato un partito incerto e lacerato , in preda alle correnti .
Come una squadra di calcio in cui ciascuno gioca dove e come gli pare : è difficile vincere così .
Ci vuole un leader che abbia il coraggio di prendere posizioni forti » .
Tipo Di Pietro nell ’ Idv .
« Su gran parte dei contenuti politici Di Pietro e io ci troviamo d’accordo .
Poi non è un segreto che io non amo i toni aggressivi e tribunizi , preferisco il ragionamento e il confronto » .
Dice D’Alema che lei perderà e tornerà a fare il chirurgo .
« Io almeno , se dovessi smettere di fare politica , un mestiere ce l’ho .
Di D’Alema non si può dire altrettanto .
E nemmeno di Bersani e Franceschini » .
______________________________________________
A team - building weekend in the mountains of Eastern Europe goes horribly wrong for the sales division of the multi-national weapons company Palisade Defence when they become the victims of a group of crazed killers who will stop at nothing to see them dead .
Written by Tomius J. Barnard
Person who sows discord on the Internet
Two revisions of a Wikipedia article shows a troll vandalizing an article on Wikipedia by replacing content with an insult .
In Internet slang , a troll is a person who starts flame wars or intentionally upsets people on the Internet by posting inflammatory and digressive , [ 1 ] extraneous , or off - topic messages in an online community ( such as a newsgroup , forum , chat room , or blog ) with the intent of provoking readers into displaying emotional responses [ 2 ] and normalizing tangential discussion , [ 3 ] either for the troll 's amusement or a specific gain .
Both the noun and the verb forms of " troll " are associated with Internet discourse .
However , the word has also been used more widely .
Media attention in recent years has equated trolling with online harassment .
For example , the mass media have used " troll " to mean " a person who defaces Internet tribute sites with the aim of causing grief to families " . [ 4] [ 5 ]
In addition , depictions of trolling have been included in popular fictional works , such as the HBO television program The Newsroom , in which a main character encounters harassing persons online and tries to infiltrate their circles by posting negative sexual comments . [ 6 ]
Usage
The advice to ignore rather than engage with a troll is sometimes phrased as " Please do n't feed the trolls . "
Application of the term troll is subjective .
Some readers may characterize a post as trolling , while others may regard the same post as a legitimate contribution to the discussion , even if controversial .
Like any pejorative term , it can be used as an ad hominem attack , suggesting a negative motivation .
As noted in an OS News article titled " Why People Troll and How to Stop Them " ( 25 January 2012 ) , " The traditional definition of trolling includes intent .
That is , trolls purposely disrupt forums .
This definition is too narrow .
Whether someone intends to disrupt a thread or not , the results are the same if they do . " [ 7 ] [ 8 ]
Popular recognition of the existence ( and prevalence ) of non-deliberate , " accidental trolls " , has been documented widely , in sources as diverse as Nicole Sullivan 's keynote speech at the 2012 Fluent Conference , titled " Do n't Feed the Trolls " [ 9 ]
Gizmodo , [ 10 ] online opinions on the subject written by Silicon Valley executives [ 11 ] and comics . [ 12 ]
Regardless of the circumstances , controversial posts may attract a particularly strong response from those unfamiliar with the robust dialogue found in some online , rather than physical , communities .
Experienced participants in online forums know that the most effective way to discourage a troll is usually to ignore them , because responding tends to encourage trolls to continue disruptive posts – hence the often - seen warning : " Please do n't feed the trolls " .
Some believe this to be bad or incomplete advice for effectively dealing with trolls . [ 13 ]
The " Trollface " is an image occasionally used to indicate trolling in Internet culture . [ 14 ] [ 15 ] [ 16 ]
At times the word is incorrectly used to refer to anyone with controversial , or differing , opinions . [ 17 ]
Such usage goes against the ordinary meaning of troll in multiple ways .
While psychologists have determined that the dark triad traits are common among Internet trolls , some observers claim trolls do n't actually believe the controversial views they claim .
Farhad Manjoo criticises this view , noting that if the person really is trolling , they are more intelligent than their critics would believe . [ 17 ]
Origin and etymology
There are competing theories of where and when " troll " was first used in Internet slang , with numerous unattested accounts of BBS and UseNet origins in the early 1980s or before .
The English noun " troll " in the standard sense of ugly dwarf or giant dates to 1610 and comes from the Old Norse word " troll " meaning giant or demon . [ 18 ]
The word evokes the trolls of Scandinavian folklore and children 's tales : antisocial , quarrelsome and slow - witted creatures which make life difficult for travellers . [ 19 ] [ 20 ]
Trolls have existed in folklore and fantasy literature for centuries , but online trolling [ 21 ] has been around for as long as the internet has existed .
In modern English usage , " trolling " may describe the fishing technique of slowly dragging a lure or baited hook from a moving boat , [ 22 ] whereas trawling describes the generally commercial act of dragging a fishing net .
Early non-Internet slang use of " trolling " can be found in the military : by 1972 the term " trolling for MiGs " was documented in use by US Navy pilots in Vietnam .
It referred to use of " ... decoys , with the mission of drawing ... fire away ... " [ 23 ]
The contemporary use of the term is said to have appeared on the Internet in the late 1980s , [ 24 ] [ 25 ] but the earliest known attestation according to the Oxford English Dictionary is in 1992 . [ 26 ] [ 27 ] [ 28 ]
The context of the quote cited in the Oxford English Dictionary [ 27 ] sets the origin in Usenet in the early 1990s as in the phrase " trolling for newbies " , as used in alt.folklore.urban ( AFU ) . [ 29 ] [ 30 ]
Commonly , what is meant is a relatively gentle inside joke by veteran users , presenting questions or topics that had been so overdone that only a new user would respond to them earnestly .
For example , a veteran of the group might make a post on the common misconception that glass flows over time .
Long - time readers would both recognize the poster 's name and know that the topic had been discussed repeatedly , but new subscribers to the group would not realize , and would thus respond .
These types of trolls served as a practice to identify group insiders .
This definition of trolling , considerably narrower than the modern understanding of the term , was considered a positive contribution . [ 29 ] [ 31 ]
One of the most notorious AFU trollers , David Mikkelson , [ 29 ] went on to create the urban folklore website Snopes.com .
By the late 1990s , alt.folklore.urban had such heavy traffic and participation that trolling of this sort was frowned upon .
Others expanded the term to include the practice of playing a seriously misinformed user , even in newsgroups where one was not a regular ; these were often attempts at humor rather than provocation .
The noun troll usually referred to an act of trolling – or to the resulting discussion – rather than to the author , though some posts punned on the dual meaning of troll . [ 32 ]
In other languages
In Chinese , trolling is referred to as bái mù ( Chinese : 白目 ; lit. : ' white eye ' ) , which can be straightforwardly explained as " eyes without pupils " , in the sense that whilst the pupil of the eye is used for vision , the white section of the eye cannot see , and trolling involves blindly talking nonsense over the Internet , having total disregard to sensitivities or being oblivious to the situation at hand , akin to having eyes without pupils .
An alternative term is bái làn ( Chinese : 白爛 ; lit. : ' white rot ' ) , which describes a post completely nonsensical and full of folly made to upset others , and derives from a Taiwanese slang term for the male genitalia , where genitalia that is pale white in colour represents that someone is young , and thus foolish .
Both terms originate from Taiwan , and are also used in Hong Kong and mainland China .
Another term , xiǎo bái ( Chinese : 小白 ; lit. : ' little white ' ) is a derogatory term for both bái mù and bái làn that is used on anonymous posting Internet forums .
Another common term for a troll used in mainland China is pēn zi ( Chinese : 噴子 ; lit. : ' sprayer , spurter ' ) .
In Japanese , tsuri ( 釣り ) means " fishing " and refers to intentionally misleading posts whose only purpose is to get the readers to react , i.e. get trolled .
arashi ( 荒らし ) means " laying waste " and can also be used to refer to simple spamming .
In Icelandic , þurs ( a thurs ) or tröll ( a troll ) may refer to trolls , the verbs þursa ( to troll ) or þursast ( to be trolling , to troll about ) may be used .
In Korean , nak - si ( 낚시 ) means " fishing " , refers to Internet trolling attempts , as well as purposefully misleading post titles .
A person who recognizes the troll after having responded ( or , in case of a post title nak - si , having read the actual post ) would often refer to himself as a caught fish .[ citation needed ]
In Portuguese , more commonly in its Brazilian variant , troll ( produced [ ˈtɾɔw ] in most of Brazil as spelling pronunciation ) is the usual term to denote Internet trolls ( examples of common derivate terms are trollismo or trollagem , " trolling " , and the verb trollar , " to troll " , which entered popular use ) , but an older expression , used by those which want to avoid anglicisms or slangs , is complexo do pombo enxadrista to denote trolling behavior , and pombos enxadristas ( literally , " chessplayer pigeons " ) or simply pombos are the terms used to name the trolls .
The terms are explained by an adage or popular saying : " Arguing with fulano ( i.e. , John Doe ) is the same as playing chess with a pigeon : it defecates on the table , drops the pieces and simply flies off , claiming victory . "
In Thai , the term krian ( เกรียน ) has been adopted to address Internet trolls .
According to the Royal Institute of Thailand , the term , which literally refers to a closely cropped hairstyle worn by schoolboys in Thailand , is from the behaviour of these schoolboys who usually gather to play online games and , during which , make annoying , disruptive , impolite , or unreasonable expressions . [ 33 ]
The term top krian ( ตบเกรียน ; " slap a cropped head " ) refers to the act of posting intellectual replies to refute the messages of Internet trolls and cause them to be perceived as unintelligent .[ citation needed ]
Trolling , identity , and anonymity
Early incidents of trolling [ 34 ] were considered to be the same as flaming , but this has changed with modern usage by the news media to refer to the creation of any content that targets another person .
The Internet dictionary NetLingo suggests there are four grades of trolling : playtime trolling , tactical trolling , strategic trolling , and domination trolling .
The relationship between trolling and flaming was observed in open - access forums in California , on a series of modem - linked computers .
CommuniTree was begun in 1978 but was closed in 1982 when accessed by high school teenagers , becoming a ground for trashing and abuse . [ 35 ]
Some psychologists have suggested that flaming would be caused by deindividuation or decreased self - evaluation : the anonymity of online postings would lead to disinhibition amongst individuals . [ 36 ]
Others have suggested that although flaming and trolling is often unpleasant , it may be a form of normative behavior that expresses the social identity of a certain user group . [ 37 ] [ 38 ]
According to Tom Postmes , a professor of social and organisational psychology at the universities of Exeter , England , and Groningen , The Netherlands , and the author of Individuality and the Group , who has studied online behavior for 20 years , " Trolls aspire to violence , to the level of trouble they can cause in an environment .
They want it to kick off .
They want to promote antipathetic emotions of disgust and outrage , which morbidly gives them a sense of pleasure . " [ 35 ]
Someone who brings something off topic into the conversation in order to make that person mad is trolling . [ 39 ]
The practice of trolling has been documented by a number of academics as early as the 1990s .
This included Steven Johnson in 1997 in the book Interface Culture , and a paper by Judith Donath in 1999 .
Donath 's paper outlines the ambiguity of identity in a disembodied " virtual community " such as Usenet :
In the physical world there is an inherent unity to the self , for the body provides a compelling and convenient definition of identity .
The norm is : one body , one identity ...
The virtual world is different .
It is composed of information rather than matter . [ 40 ]
Donath provides a concise overview of identity deception games which trade on the confusion between physical and epistemic community :
Trolling is a game about identity deception , albeit one that is played without the consent of most of the players .
The troll attempts to pass as a legitimate participant , sharing the group 's common interests and concerns ; the newsgroup 's or forum 's members , if they are cognizant of trolls and other identity deceptions , attempt to both distinguish real from trolling postings , and upon judging a poster a troll , make the offending poster leave the group .
Their success at the former depends on how well they – and the troll – understand identity cues ; their success at the latter depends on whether the troll 's enjoyment is sufficiently diminished or outweighed by the costs imposed by the group .
Trolls can be costly in several ways .
A troll can disrupt the discussion on a newsgroup or online forum , disseminate bad advice , and damage the feeling of trust in the online community .
Furthermore , in a group that has become sensitized to trolling – where the rate of deception is high – many honestly naïve questions may be quickly rejected as trolling .
This can be quite off - putting to the new user who upon venturing a first posting is immediately bombarded with angry accusations .
Even if the accusation is unfounded , being branded a troll may be damaging to one 's online reputation . [ 40 ]
Susan Herring and colleagues in " Searching for Safety Online : Managing ' Trolling ' in a Feminist Forum " point out the difficulty inherent in monitoring trolling and maintaining freedom of speech in online communities : " harassment often arises in spaces known for their freedom , lack of censure , and experimental nature " . [ 41 ]
Free speech may lead to tolerance of trolling behavior , complicating the members ' efforts to maintain an open , yet supportive discussion area , especially for sensitive topics such as race , gender , and sexuality . [ 41 ]
In an effort to reduce uncivil behavior by increasing accountability , many web sites ( e.g. Reuters , Facebook , and Gizmodo ) now require commenters to register their names and e-mail addresses . [ 42 ]
Organizations and countries may utilize trolls to manipulate public opinion as part and parcel of an astroturfing initiative .
Teams of sponsored trolls are sometimes referred to as sockpuppet armies .
A 2016 study by Harvard political scientist Gary King reported that the Chinese government 's 50 Cent Party creates 440 million pro-government social media posts per year . [ 43 ] [ 44 ]
The report said that government employees were paid to create pro-government posts around the time of national holidays to avoid mass political protests .
The Chinese Government ran an editorial in the state - funded Global Times defending censorship and 50 Cent Party trolls . [ 45 ]
A 2016 study for the NATO Strategic Communications Centre of Excellence on hybrid warfare notes that the Ukrainian crisis " demonstrated how fake identities and accounts were used to disseminate narratives through social media , blogs , and web commentaries in order to manipulate , harass , or deceive opponents . " [ 46 ] ( p3 ) The NATO report describes that a " Wikipedia troll " uses a type of message design where a troll does not add " emotional value " to reliable " essentially true " information in re-posts , but presents it " in the wrong context , intending the audience to draw false conclusions . "
For example , information , without context , from Wikipedia about the military history of the United States " becomes value - laden if it is posted in the comment section of an article criticizing Russia for its military actions and interests in Ukraine .
The Wikipedia troll is ' tricky ' , because in terms of actual text , the information is true , but the way it is expressed gives it a completely different meaning to its readers . " [ 46 ] ( p62 )
Unlike " classic trolls , " Wikipedia trolls " have no emotional input , they just supply misinformation " and are one of " the most dangerous " as well as one of " the most effective trolling message designs . " [ 46 ] ( pp70 , 76 ) Even among people who are " emotionally immune to aggressive messages " and apolitical , " training in critical thinking " is needed , according to the NATO report , because " they have relatively blind trust in Wikipedia sources and are not able to filter information that comes from platforms they consider authoritative . " [ 46 ] ( p72 ) While Russian - language hybrid trolls use the Wikipedia troll message design to promote anti-Western sentiment in comments , they " mostly attack aggressively to maintain emotional attachment to issues covered in articles . " [ 46 ] ( p75 ) Discussions about topics other than international sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis " attracted very aggressive trolling " and became polarized according to the NATO report , which " suggests that in subjects in which there is little potential for re-educating audiences , emotional harm is considered more effective " for pro-Russian Latvian - language trolls . [ 46 ] ( p76 )
The New York Times reported in late October 2018 that Saudi Arabia used an online army of Twitter trolls to harass the late Saudi dissident journalist Jamal Khashoggi and other critics of the Saudi government . [ 47 ]
In October 2018 , The Daily Telegraph reported that Facebook " banned hundreds of pages and accounts which it says were fraudulently flooding its site with partisan political content – although they came from the US instead of being associated with Russia . " [ 48 ]
Psychological characteristics
Researcher Ben Radford wrote about the phenomenon of clowns in history and modern day in his book Bad Clowns and found that bad clowns have evolved into Internet trolls .
They do not dress up as traditional clowns but , for their own amusement , they tease and exploit " human foibles " in order to speak the " truth " and gain a reaction .
Like clowns in make - up , Internet trolls hide behind " anonymous accounts and fake usernames . "
In their eyes they are the trickster and are performing for a nameless audience via the Internet . [ 49 ]
Trolling correlated positively with sadism , psychopathy , and Machiavellianism . [ 50 ]
Trolls take pleasure from causing pain .
Their ability to upset or harm gives them a feeling of power . [ 51 ]
Concern troll
A concern troll is a false flag pseudonym created by a user whose actual point of view is opposed to the one that the troll claims to hold .
The concern troll posts in web forums devoted to its declared point of view and attempts to sway the group 's actions or opinions while claiming to share their goals , but with professed " concerns " .
The goal is to sow fear , uncertainty , and doubt within the group often by appealing to outrage culture . [ 52 ]
This is a particular case of sockpuppeting and safe - baiting .
An example of this occurred in 2006 when Tad Furtado , a staffer for then - Congressman Charles Bass ( R- NH ) , was caught posing as a " concerned " supporter of Bass 's opponent , Democrat Paul Hodes , on several liberal New Hampshire blogs , using the pseudonyms " IndieNH " or " IndyNH " .
" IndyNH " expressed concern that Democrats might just be wasting their time or money on Hodes , because Bass was unbeatable . [ 53 ] [ 54 ]
Hodes eventually won the election .
Although the term " concern troll " originated in discussions of online behavior , it now sees increasing use to describe similar behaviors that take place offline .
For example , James Wolcott of Vanity Fair accused a conservative New York Daily News columnist of " concern troll " behavior in his efforts to downplay the Mark Foley scandal .
Wolcott links what he calls concern trolls to what Saul Alinsky calls " Do- Nothings " , giving a long quote from Alinsky on the Do- Nothings ' method and effects :
These Do-Nothings profess a commitment to social change for ideals of justice , equality , and opportunity , and then abstain from and discourage all effective action for change .
They are known by their brand , ' I agree with your ends but not your means ' . [ 55 ]
The Hill published an op - ed piece by Markos Moulitsas of the liberal blog Daily Kos titled " Dems : Ignore ' Concern Trolls ' " .
The concern trolls in question were not Internet participants but rather Republicans offering public advice and warnings to the Democrats .
The author defines " concern trolling " as " offering a poisoned apple in the form of advice to political opponents that , if taken , would harm the recipient " .[ better source needed ] [ 56 ]
Concern trolls use a different type of bait than the more stereotypical troll in their attempts to manipulate participants and disrupt conversations .
Another example of concern trolling is when fatphobia is disguised as concern for the health of overweight people .
Contrary to common misconception , concern trolling contributes to stigma , and is not harmless . [ 57 ]
Troll sites
A The New York Times article discussed troll activity at 4chan and at Encyclopedia Dramatica , which it described as " an online compendium of troll humor and troll lore " . [ 24 ] 4 chan 's /b/ board is recognized as " one of the Internet 's most infamous and active trolling hotspots " . [ 58 ]
This site and others are often used as a base to troll against sites that their members can not normally post on .
These trolls feed off the reactions of their victims because " their agenda is to take delight in causing trouble " . [ 59 ]
Places like Reddit , 4 chan , and other anonymous message boards are prime real - estate for online trolls .
Because there ’s no way of tracing who someone is , trolls can post very inflammatory content without repercussion . [ 60 ]
The online French group Ligue du LOL has been accused of organized harassment and described as a troll group . [ 61 ]
Media coverage and controversy
Mainstream media outlets have focused their attention on the willingness of some Internet users to go to extreme lengths to participate in organized psychological harassment .
Australia
In February 2010 , the Australian government became involved after users defaced the Facebook tribute pages of murdered children Trinity Bates and Elliott Fletcher .
Australian communications minister Stephen Conroy decried the attacks , committed mainly by 4 chan users , as evidence of the need for greater Internet regulation , stating , " This argument that the Internet is some mystical creation that no laws should apply to , that is a recipe for anarchy and the wild west . " [ 62 ]
Facebook responded by strongly urging administrators to be aware of ways to ban users and remove inappropriate content from Facebook pages . [ 63 ]
In 2012 , the Daily Telegraph started a campaign to take action against " Twitter trolls " , who abuse and threaten users .
Several high - profile Australians including Charlotte Dawson , Robbie Farah , Laura Dundovic , and Ray Hadley have been victims of this phenomenon . [ 64 ] [ 65 ] [ 66 ]
India
Newslaundry covered the phenomenon of " Twitter trolling " in its " Criticles " . [ 67 ]
It has also been characterising Twitter trolls in its weekly podcasts . [ 68 ]
United Kingdom
In the United Kingdom , contributions made to the Internet are covered by the Malicious Communications Act 1988 as well as Section 127 of the Communications Act 2003 , under which jail sentences were , until 2015 , limited to a maximum of six months . [ 69 ]
In October 2014 , the UK's Justice Secretary , Chris Grayling , said that " Internet trolls " would face up to two years in jail , under measures in the Criminal Justice and Courts Bill that extend the maximum sentence and time limits for bringing prosecutions . [ 69 ] [ 70 ]
The House of Lords Select Committee on Communications had earlier recommended against creating a specific offence of trolling .
Sending messages which are " grossly offensive or of an indecent , obscene or menacing character " is an offence whether they are received by the intended recipient or not .
Several people have been imprisoned in the UK for online harassment . [ 71 ]
Trolls of the testimonial page of Georgia Varley faced no prosecution due to misunderstandings of the legal system in the wake of the term trolling being popularized . [ 72 ]
In October 2012 , a twenty - year - old man was jailed for twelve weeks for posting offensive jokes to a support group for friends and family of April Jones . [ 73 ]
United States
As Phillips states , trolling embodies the values that are said to make America the greatest and most powerful nation on earth , due to the liberty and freedom of expression it encourages . [ 74 ]
On 31 March 2010 , NBC's Today ran a segment detailing the deaths of three separate adolescent girls and trolls ' subsequent reactions to their deaths .
Shortly after the suicide of high school student Alexis Pilkington , anonymous posters began performing organized psychological harassment across various message boards , referring to Pilkington as a " suicidal slut " , and posting graphic images on her Facebook memorial page .
The segment also included an exposé of a 2006 accident , in which an eighteen - year - old fatally crashed her father 's car into a highway pylon ; trolls emailed her grieving family the leaked pictures of her mutilated corpse ( see Nikki Catsouras photographs controversy ) . [ 5 ]
In 2007 , the media was fooled by trollers into believing that students were consuming a drug called Jenkem , purportedly made of human waste .
A user named Pickwick on TOTSE posted pictures implying that he was inhaling this drug .
Major news corporations such as Fox News Channel reported the story and urged parents to warn their children about this drug .
Pickwick 's pictures of Jenkem were fake and the pictures did not actually feature human waste . [ 75 ]
In August 2012 , the subject of trolling was featured on the HBO television series The Newsroom .
The character of Neal Sampat encounters harassing individuals online , particularly looking at 4 chan , and he ends up choosing to post negative comments himself on an economics - related forum .
The attempt by the character to infiltrate trolls ' inner circles attracted debate from media reviewers critiquing the series . [ 76 ] [ 77 ]
The publication of the 2015 non-fiction book The Dark Net : Inside the Digital Underworld by Jamie Bartlett , a journalist and a representative of the British think tank Demos , attracted some attention for its depiction of misunderstood sections of the Internet , describing interactions on encrypted sites such as those accessible with the software Tor.
Detailing trolling - related groups and the harassment created by them , Bartlett advocated for greater awareness of them and monitoring of their activities .
Professor Matthew Wisnioski wrote for The Washington Post that a " league of trolls , anarchists , perverts and drug dealers is at work building a digital world beyond the Silicon Valley offices where our era's best and brightest have designed a Facebook - friendly " surface and agreed with Bartlett that the activities of trolls go back decades to the Usenet " flame wars " of the 1990s and even earlier . [ 78 ]
In February 2019 , Glenn Greenwald wrote that a cybersecurity company New Knowledge " was caught just six weeks ago engaging in a massive scam to create fictitious Russian troll accounts on Facebook and Twitter in order to claim that the Kremlin was working to defeat Democratic Senate nominee Doug Jones in Alabama .
The New York Times , when exposing the scam , quoted a New Knowledge report that boasted of its fabrications :
“ We orchestrated an elaborate ‘ false flag ’ operation that planted the idea that the [ Roy ] Moore campaign was amplified on social media by a Russian botnet . ' " [ 79 ]
The 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders has faced criticism for the behavior of some of his supporters online , but has deflected such criticism , suggesting that " Russians " were impersonating people claiming to be " Bernie Bro " supporters . [ 80 ]
Twitter rejected Sanders ' suggestion that Russia could be responsible for the bad reputation of his supporters .
A Twitter spokesperson told CNBC : " Using technology and human review in concert , we proactively monitor Twitter to identify attempts at platform manipulation and mitigate them .
As is standard , if we have reasonable evidence of state - backed information operations , we ’ll disclose them following our thorough investigation to our public archive — the largest of its kind in the industry . " [ 81 ]
Twitter had suspended 70 troll accounts that posted content in support of Michael Bloomberg 's presidential campaign . [ 82 ]
Examples
So - called Gold Membership trolling originated in 2007 on 4 chan boards , when users posted fake images claiming to offer upgraded 4 chan account privileges ; without a " Gold " account , one could not view certain content .
This turned out to be a hoax designed to fool board members , especially newcomers .
It was copied and became an Internet meme .
In some cases , this type of troll has been used as a scam , most notably on Facebook , where fake Facebook Gold Account upgrade ads have proliferated in order to link users to dubious websites and other content . [ 83 ]
The case of Zeran v. America Online , Inc. resulted primarily from trolling .
Six days after the Oklahoma City bombing , anonymous users posted advertisements for shirts celebrating the bombing on AOL message boards , claiming that the shirts could be obtained by contacting Mr. Kenneth Zeran .
The posts listed Zeran 's address and home phone number .
Zeran was subsequently harassed . [ 84 ]
Anti-scientology protests by Anonymous , commonly known as Project Chanology , are sometimes labeled as " trolling " by media such as Wired , [ 85 ] and the participants sometimes explicitly self - identify as " trolls " .
Neo -Nazi website
The Daily Stormer orchestrates what it calls a " Troll Army " , and has encouraged trolling of Jewish MP Luciana Berger and Muslim activist Mariam Veiszadeh . [ 86 ]
In 2012 , after feminist Anita Sarkeesian started a Kickstarter campaign to fund a series of YouTube videos chronicling misogyny in video games , she received bomb threats at speaking engagements , doxxing threats , rape threats and an unwanted starring role in a video game called Beat Up Anita Sarkeesian . [ 87 ]
In 2020 , the official Discord server and Twitch channel for the U.S. Army Esports team became a target of trolling , as people sent anti-U.S. Army messages , memes , and references to war crimes committed by the United States to both . [ 88 ]
When the team started banning users from their Twitch channel for trolling , they were accused of violating the First Amendment to the United States Constitution by the ACLU and Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University . [ 89 ] [ 90 ]
The team has since denied these allegations . [ 91 ]
See also
References
Further reading
Walter , T. ; Hourizi , R. ; Moncur , W. ; Pitsillides ( 2012 ) .
Does the Internet Change How We Die And Mourn ?
An Overview Online .
Trolling advocacy and safety
The Trolling Academy – trolling advice , comment , and training
Get Safe Online – free expert advice on online safety
Background and definitions
( Our family dinners sometimes get very loud and crazy .
We are currently sitting at the table , during a particularly loud dinner filled with a lot of obnoxious playful screaming and jokes . )
Dad : “ One day , you guys will have kids of your own .
Serves you right ! ”
But what if this diagnosis is fundamentally flawed ?
The metaphor needs no belaboring : we all know that tragedy can result from a doctor ’s misreading of symptoms , mistaking one disease for another .
This is the Conventional Diagnosis .
If it is correct , then the treatment for our economic malady might logically include heavy doses of bailout money for beleaguered financial institutions , mortgage lenders , and car companies ; better regulation of derivatives and futures markets ; and stimulus programs to jumpstart consumer spending .
But why are both the U.S. economy and the larger global economy ailing ?
Among the mainstream media , world leaders , and America ’s economists - in - chief ( Treasury Secretary Geithner and Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke ) there is near - unanimity of opinion : these recent troubles are primarily due to a combination of bad real estate loans and poor regulation of financial derivatives .
Everyone agrees : our economy is sick .
The inescapable symptoms include declines in consumer spending and consumer confidence , together with a contraction of international trade and available credit .
Add a collapse in real estate values and carnage in the automotive and airline industries and the picture looks grim indeed .
This is a guest post by Richard Heinberg .
Richard is a Senior Fellow of the Post Carbon Institute and author of five books on resource depletion and societal responses to the energy problem .
He can be found on the web at www.richardheinberg.com and www.postcarbon.org.
Something similar holds for our national and global economic infirmity .
If we do n’t understand why the world ’s industrial and financial metabolism is seizing up , we are unlikely to apply the right medicine and could end up making matters much worse than they would otherwise be .
To be sure : the Conventional Diagnosis is clearly at least partly right .
The causal connections between subprime mortgage loans and the crises at Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and Lehman Brothers have been thoroughly explored and are well known .
Clearly , over the past few years , speculative bubbles in real estate and the financial industry were blown up to colossal dimensions , and their bursting was inevitable .
It is hard to disagree with the words of Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd , in his July 25 essay in the Sydney Morning Herald : “ The roots of the crisis lie in the preceding decade of excess .
In it the world enjoyed an extraordinary boom … .
However , as we later learnt , the global boom was built in large part on a … house of cards .
First , in many Western countries the boom was created on a pile of debt held by consumers , corporations and some governments .
As the global financier George Soros put it : ‘ For 25 years [ the West ] has been consuming more than we have been producing … living beyond our means . ’ ” ( 1 )
But is this as far as we need look to get to the root of the continuing global economic meltdown ?
A case can be made that dire events having to do with real estate , the derivatives markets , and the auto and airline industries were themselves merely symptoms of an even deeper , systemic dysfunction that spells the end of economic growth as we have known it .
In short , I am suggesting an Alternative Diagnosis .
This explanation for the economic crisis is not for the faint of heart because , if correct , it implies that the patient is far sicker than even the most pessimistic economists are telling us .
But if it is correct , then by ignoring it we risk even greater peril .
Economic Growth , The Financial Crisis , and Peak Oil
For several years , a swelling subculture of commentators ( which includes the present author ) has been forecasting a financial crash , basing this prognosis on the assessment that global oil production was about to peak .
( 2 ) Our reasoning went like this :
Continual increases in population and consumption cannot continue forever on a finite planet .
This is an axiomatic observation with which everyone familiar with the mathematics of compounded arithmetic growth must agree , even if they hedge their agreement with vague references to “ substitutability ” and “ demographic transitions . ” ( 3 )
This axiomatic limit to growth means that the rapid expansion in both population and per-capita consumption of resources that has occurred over the past century or two must cease at some particular time .
But when is this likely to occur ?
The unfairly maligned Limits to Growth studies , published first in 1972 with periodic updates since , have attempted to answer the question with analysis of resource availability and depletion , and multiple scenarios for future population growth and consumption rates .
The most pessimistic scenario in 1972 suggested an end of world economic growth around 2015 . ( 4 )
But there may be a simpler way of forecasting growth ’s demise .
Energy is the ultimate enabler of growth ( again , this is axiomatic : physics and biology both tell us that without energy nothing happens ) .
Industrial expansion throughout the past two centuries has in every instance been based on increased energy consumption .
( 5 ) More specifically , industrialism has been inextricably tied to the availability and consumption of cheap energy from coal and oil ( and more recently , natural gas ) .
However , fossil fuels are by their very nature depleting , non-renewable resources .
Therefore ( according to the Peak Oil thesis ) , the eventual inability to continue increasing supplies of cheap fossil energy will likely lead to a cessation of economic growth in general , unless alternative energy sources and efficiency of energy use can be deployed rapidly and to a sufficient degree . ( 6 )
Of the three conventional fossil fuels , oil is arguably the most economically vital , since it supplies 95 percent of all transport energy .
Further , petroleum is the fuel with which we are likely to encounter supply problems soonest , because global petroleum discoveries have been declining for decades , and most oil producing countries are already seeing production declines . ( 7 )
So , by this logic , the end of economic growth ( as conventionally defined ) is inevitable , and Peak Oil is the likely trigger .
Why would Peak Oil lead not just to problems for the transport industry , but a more general economic and financial crisis ?
During the past century growth has become institutionalized in the very sinews of our economic system .
Every city and business wants to grow .
This is understandable merely in terms of human nature : nearly everyone wants a competitive advantage over someone else , and growth provides the opportunity to achieve it .
But there is also a financial survival motive at work : without growth , businesses and governments are unable to service their debt .
And debt has become endemic to the industrial system .
During the past couple of decades , the financial services industry has grown faster than any other sector of the American economy , even outpacing the rise in health care expenditures , accounting for a third of all growth in the U.S. economy .
From 1990 to the present , the ratio of debt - to - GDP expanded from 165 percent to over 350 percent .
In essence , the present welfare of the economy rests on debt , and the collateral for that debt consists of a wager that next year ’s levels of production and consumption will be higher than this year’s .
Given that growth cannot continue on a finite planet , this wager , and its embodiment in the institutions of finance , can be said to constitute history ’s greatest Ponzi scheme .
We have justified present borrowing with the irrational belief that perpetual growth is possible , necessary , and inevitable .
In effect we have borrowed from future generations so that we could gamble away their capital today .
Until recently , the Peak Oil argument has been framed as a forecast : the inevitable decline in world petroleum production , whenever it occurs , will kill growth .
But here is where forecast becomes diagnosis : during the period from 2005 to 2008 , energy stopped growing and oil prices rose to record levels .
By July of 2008 , the price of a barrel of oil was nudging close to $ 150 — half again higher than any previous petroleum price in inflation - adjusted terms — and the global economy was beginning to topple .
The auto and airline industries shuddered ; ordinary consumers had trouble for buying gasoline for their commute to work while still paying their mortgages .
Consumer spending began to decline .
By September the economic crisis was also a financial crisis , as banks trembled and imploded . ( 8 )
Given how much is at stake , it is important to evaluate the two diagnoses on the basis of facts , not preconceptions .
It is unnecessary to examine evidence supporting or refuting the Conventional Diagnosis , because its validity is not in doubt — as a partial explanation for what is occurring .
The question is whether it is a sufficient explanation , and hence an adequate basis for designing a successful response .
What ’s the evidence favoring the Alternative ?
A good place to begin is with a recent paper by economist James Hamilton of the University of California , San Diego , titled “ Causes and Consequences of the Oil Shock of 2007 - 08 , ” which discusses oil prices and economic impacts with clarity , logic , and numbers , explaining how and why the economic crash is related to the oil price shock of 2008 . ( 9 )
Hamilton starts by citing previous studies showing a tight correlation between oil price spikes and recessions .
On the basis of this correlation , every attentive economist should have forecast a steep recession for 2008 .
“ Indeed , ” writes Hamilton , “ the relation could account for the entire downturn of 2007 - 08 … .
If one could have known in advance what happened to oil prices during 2007 - 08 , and if one had used the historically estimated relation [ between price rise and economic impact ] … one would have been able to predict the level of real GDP for both of 2008:Q3 and 2008:Q4 quite accurately . ”
Again , this is not to ignore the role of the financial and real estate sectors in the ongoing global economic meltdown .
But in the Alternative Diagnosis the collapse of the housing and derivatives markets is seen as amplifying a signal ultimately emanating from a failure to increase the rate of supply of depleting resources .
Hamilton again : “ At a minimum it is clear that something other than housing deteriorated to turn slow growth into a recession .
That something , in my mind , includes the collapse in automobile purchases , slowdown in overall consumption spending , and deteriorating consumer sentiment , in which the oil shock was indisputably a contributing factor . ”
Moreover , Hamilton notes that there was “ an interaction effect between the oil shock and the problems in housing . ”
That is , in many metropolitan areas , house prices in 2007 were still rising in the zip codes closest to urban centers but already falling fast in zip codes where commutes were long . ( 10 )
Why Did the Oil Price Spike ?
Those who espouse the Conventional Diagnosis for our ongoing economic collapse might agree that there was some element of causal correlation between the oil price spike and the recession , but they would deny that the price spike itself had anything to do with resource limits , because ( they say ) it was caused mostly by speculation in the oil futures market , and had little to do with fundamentals of supply and demand .
In this , the Conventional Diagnosis once again has some basis in reality .
Speculation in oil futures during the period in question almost certainly helped drive oil prices higher than was justified by fundamentals .
But why were investors buying oil futures ?
Was the mania for oil contracts just another bubble , like the dot.com stock frenzy of the late ’90s or the real estate boom of 2003 to 2006 ?
During the period from 2005 to mid-2008 , demand for oil was growing , especially in China ( which went from being self - sufficient in oil in 1995 to being the world ’s second - foremost importer , after the U.S. , by 2006 ) .
But the global supply of oil was essentially stagnant : monthly production figures for crude oil bounced around within a fairly narrow band between 72 and 75 million barrels per day .
As prices rose , production figures barely budged in response .
There was every indication that all oil producers were pumping flat - out : even the Saudis appeared to be rushing to capitalize on the price bonanza .
Thus a good argument can be made that speculation in oil futures was merely magnifying price moves that were inevitable on the basis of the fundamentals of supply and demand .
James Hamilton ( in his publication previously cited ) puts it this way : “ With hindsight , it is hard to deny that the price rose too high in July 2008 , and that this miscalculation was influenced in part by the flow of investment dollars into commodity futures contracts .
It is worth emphasizing , however , that the two key ingredients needed to make such a story coherent — a low price elasticity of demand , and the failure of physical production to increase — are the same key elements of a fundamentals - based explanation of the same phenomenon .
I therefore conclude that these two factors , rather than speculation per se , should be construed as the primary cause of the oil shock of 2007 - 08 . ”
Aftermath of the Peak
There is also controversy over to what degree troubles in the automobile , trucking , and airline industries should be attributed to the oil price spike or the economic crash .
Of course , if the Alternative Diagnosis is correct , the latter two events are causally related in any case .
However , it may be helpful to review the situation .
Everyone knows that GM and Chrysler went bankrupt this year because U.S. car sales cratered .
The current forecast is for sales of about 10.3 million vehicles in the U.S. for 2009 , down from last year ’s 13.2 million and 16.1 million in 2007 .
U.S. car sales have not been this low since the 1970s .
Sales of light trucks , the most profitable vehicles , took the biggest hit during 2008 , as fuel prices soared and car buyers avoided gas - guzzlers .
It was at this point that the auto companies really began feeling the pain .
The airline industry ’s ills are summarized in a recent GAO document : “ After 2 years of profits , the U.S. passenger airline industry lost $ 4.3 billion in the first 3 quarters of 2008 [ as jet fuel prices climbed ] .
Collectively , U.S. airlines reduced domestic capacity , as measured by the number of seats flown , by about 9 percent from the fourth quarter of 2007 to the fourth quarter of 2008 … .
To reduce capacity , airlines reduced the overall number of active aircraft in their fleets by 18 percent … .
Airlines also collectively reduced their workforces by about 28,000 , or nearly 7 percent , from the end of 2007 to the end of 2008 … .
The contraction of the U.S. airline industry in 2008 reduced airport revenues , passengers ’ access to the national aviation system , and revenues for the Trust Fund . ” ( 11 )
For the trucking industry , fuel accounts for nearly 40 percent of total operational costs .
In 2007 , as diesel prices rose , carriers began losing money and added fuel price surcharges ; meanwhile the volume of freight began falling .
After July 2008 , as oil prices crashed , tonnage continued to decline .
Overall , the cumulative decrease in loads for flatbed , tanker , and dry vans ranged between 15 percent and 20 percent just in the period from June to December 2008 . ( 12 )
This last set of statistics raises a couple of questions crucial to understanding the Alternative Diagnosis :
Why , if global oil production had just peaked , did petroleum prices fall in the last five months of 2008 ?
And , if oil prices were a major factor in the economic crisis , why did n’t the economy begin to turn around after the prices softened ?
Why Did Oil Prices Fall ?
And Why Did n’t Lower Oil Prices Lead to a Quick Recovery ?
The Peak Oil thesis predicts that , as world oil production reaches its maximum level and begins to decline , the price of oil will rise dramatically .
But it also forecasts a dramatic increase in the volatility of prices .
The argument goes as follows .
As oil becomes scarce , its price will rise until it begins to undermine economic activity in general .
Economic contraction will then result in substantially reduced demand for oil , which will in turn cause its price to fall temporarily .
Then one of two things will happen : either ( a ) the economy will begin to recover , stoking renewed oil demand , leading again to high prices which will again undermine economic activity ; or ( b ) , if the economy does not quickly recover , petroleum production will gradually fall due to depletion until spare production capacity ( created by lower demand ) is wiped out , leading again to higher prices and even more economic contraction .
In both cases , oil prices remain volatile and the economy contracts . ( 13 )
This scenario corresponds very closely with the reality that is unfolding , though it remains to be seen whether situation ( a ) or ( b ) will ensue .
Over the past three years , oil prices rose and fell more dramatically than would have been the case if it had not been for widespread speculation in oil futures .
Nevertheless , the general direction of prices — way up , then way down , then part - way back up — is entirely consistent with the Peak Oil thesis and the Alternative Diagnosis .
Why has the economy not quickly recovered , given that oil prices are now only half what they were in July 2008 ?
Again , Peak
Oil is not the only cause of the current economic crisis .
Enormous bubbles in the real estate and finance sectors constituted accidents waiting to happen , and the implosion of those bubbles has created a serious credit crisis ( as well as solvency and looming currency crises ) that will likely take several years to resolve even if energy supplies do n’t pose a problem .
But now the potential for renewed high oil prices acts as a ceiling for economic recovery .
Whenever the economy does appear to show renewed signs of life ( as has happened in May - July this year , with stock values rebounding and the general pace of economic contraction slowing somewhat ) , oil prices will take off again as oil speculators anticipate a recovery of demand .
Indeed , oil prices have rebounded from $ 30 in January to nearly $ 70 currently , provoking widespread concern that high energy prices could nip recovery in the bud . ( 14 )
A barrel of oil from newly developed sources costs in the neighborhood of $ 60 to produce , now that all of the cheaper prospects have been exploited : finding new oilfields today usually means drilling under miles of ocean water , or in politically unstable nations where equipment and personnel are at high risk .
( 15 )
So as soon as consumers demand more oil , the price will have to stay noticeably above that figure in order to provide the incentive for producers to drill .
Volatile oil prices hurt on the upside , but they also hurt on the downside .
The oil price collapse of August - December 2008 , plus the worsening credit crisis , caused a dramatic contraction in oil industry investment , leading to the cancellation of about $ 150 billion worth of new oil production projects — whose potential productive capacity will be required to offset declines in existing oilfields if world oil production is to remain stable .
( 16 )
This means that even if demand remains low , production capacity will almost certainly decline to meet those demand levels , causing oil prices to rise again in real terms at some point , perhaps two or three years from now .
Volatile petroleum prices also hurt the development of alternative energy , as was shown during the past few months when falling oil prices led to financial troubles for ethanol manufacturers . ( 17 )
One way or another , growth will be highly problematic if not unachievable .
Big Picture Diagnosis : Continuing the Trail of Logic
At this point in the discussion many readers will be wondering why alternative energy sources and efficiency measures cannot be deployed to solve the Peak Oil crisis .
After all , as petroleum becomes more expensive , ethanol , biodiesel , and electric cars all start to look more attractive both to producers and consumers .
Wo n’t the magic of the market intervene to render oil shortages irrelevant to future growth ?
It is impossible in the context of this discussion to provide a detailed explanation of why the market probably cannot solve the Peak Oil problem .
Such an explanation requires a discussion of energy evaluation criteria , and an analysis of many individual energy alternatives on the basis of those criteria .
I have offered brief overviews of this subject previously and a much longer one is in press . ( 18 )
My summary conclusions in this regard are as follows .
About 85 percent of our current energy is derived from three primary sources — oil , natural gas , and coal — that are non-renewable , whose price is likely to trend sharply higher over the next years and decades leading to severe shortages , and whose environmental impacts are unacceptable .
While these sources historically have had very high economic value , we cannot rely on them in the future ; indeed , the longer the transition to alternative energy sources is delayed , the more difficult that transition will be unless some practical mix of alternative energy systems can be identified that will have superior economic and environmental characteristics .
But identifying such a mix is harder than one might initially think .
Each energy source has highly specific characteristics .
In fact , it has been the characteristics of our present energy sources ( principally oil , coal , and natural gas ) that have enabled the building of an urbanized society with high mobility , large population , and high economic growth rates .
Surveying the available alternative energy sources for criteria such as energy density , environmental impacts , reliance on depleting raw materials , intermittency versus constancy of supply , and the percentage of energy returned on the energy invested in energy production , none currently appears capable of perpetuating this kind of society .
Moreover , national energy systems are expensive and slow to develop .
Energy efficiency likewise requires investment , and further incremental investments in efficiency tend to yield diminishing returns over time , since it is impossible to perform work with zero energy input .
Where is there the will or ability to muster sufficient investment capital for deployment of alternative energy sources and efficiency measures on the scale needed ?
While there are many successful alternative energy production installations around the world ( ranging from small home - scale photovoltaic systems to large “ farms ” of three - megawatt wind turbines ) , there are very few modern industrial nations that now get the bulk of their energy from sources other than oil , coal , and natural gas .
One example is Sweden , which obtains most of its energy from nuclear and hydropower .
Another is Iceland , which benefits from unusually large domestic geothermal resources not found in most other countries .
Even for these two nations , the situation is complex : the construction of the infrastructure for their power plants mostly relied on fossil fuels for the mining of the ores and raw materials , for materials processing , for transportation , for the manufacturing of components , for the mining of uranium , for construction energy , and so on .
Thus a meaningful energy transition away from fossil fuels is still a matter of theory and wishful thinking , not reality .
My conclusion from a careful survey of energy alternatives , then , is that there is little likelihood that either conventional fossil fuels or alternative energy sources can be counted on to provide the amount and quality of energy that will be needed to sustain economic growth — or even current levels of economic activity — during the remainder of this century . ( 19 )
But the problem extends beyond oil and other fossil fuels : the world ’s fresh water resources are strained to the point that billions of people may soon find themselves with only precarious access to water for drinking and irrigation .
Biodiversity is declining rapidly .
We are losing 24 billion tons of topsoil each year to erosion .
And many economically significant minerals — from antimony to zinc — are depleting quickly , requiring the mining of ever lower - grade ores in ever more remote locations .
Thus the Peak Oil crisis is really just the leading edge of a broader Peak Everything dilemma .
In essence , humanity faces an entirely predictable peril : our population has been growing dramatically for the past 200 years ( expanding from under one billion to nearly seven billion ) , while our per-capita consumption of resources has also grown .
For any species , this is virtually the definition of biological success .
And yet all of this has taken place in the context of a finite planet with fixed stores of non-renewable resources ( fossil fuels and minerals ) , a limited ability to regenerate renewable resources ( forests , fish , fresh water , and topsoil ) , and a limited ability to absorb industrial wastes ( including carbon dioxide ) .
If we step back and look at the industrial period from a broad historical perspective that is informed by an appreciation of ecological limits , it is hard to avoid the conclusion that we are today living at the end of a relatively brief pulse — a 200 - year rapid expansionary phase enabled by a temporary energy subsidy ( in the form of cheap fossil fuels ) that will inevitably be followed by an even more rapid and dramatic contraction as those fuels deplete .
The winding down of this historic growth - contraction pulse does n’t necessarily mean the end of the world , but it does mean the end of a certain kind of economy .
One way or another , humanity must return to a more normal pattern of existence characterized by reliance on immediate solar income ( via crops , wind , or the direct conversion of sunlight to electricity ) rather than stored ancient sunlight .
This is not to say that the remainder of the 21st century must consist of a collapse of industrialism , a die - off of most of the human population , and a return by the survivors to a way of life essentially identical to that of 16th century peasants or indigenous hunter - gatherers .
It is possible instead to imagine acceptable and even inviting ways in which humanity could adapt to ecological limits while further developing cultural richness , scientific understanding , and quality of life ( more of this below ) .
But however it is negotiated , the transition will spell an end to economic growth in the conventional sense .
And that transition appears to have begun .
How Do We Know Which Diagnosis Is Correct ?
If the patient is an individual human and the cause of distress is uncertain , more diagnostic tests can be prescribed .
But to what sorts of blood tests , x-rays , and CAT scans can we subject the national or global economy ?
In a sense , the tests have already been done .
During the past few decades thousands of scientific surveys of natural resources , biodiversity , and ecosystems have showed increasing rates of depletion and decline .
( 20 ) The continuing increase in human population , pollution , and consumption are likewise well documented .
This information formed the basis for the Limits to Growth studies , previously mentioned , which use computer modeling to show how current trends are likely to play out — and most resulting scenarios show them leading to an end of economic growth and a collapse of industrial output some time in the early 21st century .
Why are the results of such diagnostic tests not universally accepted as a challenge to expectations of continued growth ?
Primarily because their conclusion runs counter to the beliefs and proclamations of most economists , who maintain that there are no practical limits to growth .
They deny that resource constraints provide an eventual cap on production and consumption .
And so their diagnostic efforts tend to ignore environmental factors in favor of easily measured internal features of the human economy such as money supply , consumer confidence , interest rates , and price indices .
Ecologist Charles
Hall , among many others , has argued that the discipline of economics , as currently practiced , does not constitute a science , since it proceeds primarily on the basis of correlative logic rather than through the building of knowledge by a continuous , rigorous process of proposing and testing hypotheses .
( 21 ) While economics uses complex terminology and mathematics , as science does , its basic assertions about the world — such as the principle of infinite substitutability , which holds that for any resource that becomes scarce , the market will find a substitute — are not subjected to careful experimental examination .
( It is worth noting that Hall and others have made the effort to lay the conceptual foundations for a new economics based on scientific principles and methods , which they call “ biophysical economics . ” ( 22 )
Moreover , mainstream economists failed on the whole to foresee the current crash .
There was no consistent or concerted effort on the part of Secretaries of the Treasury , Federal Reserve Chairmen , or “ Nobel ” prize - winning economists to warn policy makers or the general public that , sometime in the early 21st century , the global economy would begin to come apart at the seams .
( 23 )
One might think that this predictive failure — the inability to foresee so historically significant an event as the rapid contraction of nearly the entire global economy , entailing the failure of some of the world ’s largest banks and manufacturing companies — would cause mainstream economists to stop and re-examine their fundamental premises .
But there is little evidence to suggest that this is occurring .
At the risk of repetition : physical scientists from several disciplines have indeed foreseen an end to economic growth in the early 21st century , and have warned policy makers and the general public on many occasions .
Whom should we believe ?
The specifics of the Alternative Diagnosis are falsifiable .
If economic activity were to rebound above 2007 levels , or if oil production were to rise above the July 2008 high - water mark , then the attribution of the current economic crisis to resource - tied limits to growth may be considered at least partly disproven .
However , even if these things were to occur , the underlying reasoning behind the Alternative Diagnosis might still be correct .
If the world oil production peak is delayed until , let us say , 2015 or 2020 , and if another — this time bottomless — global economic crash results then , the ultimate outcome will be essentially the same .
But if , meanwhile , the Alternative Diagnosis were to be taken seriously and acted upon , the consequences of doing so would be beneficial : a decade would have been spent preparing for the event .
Could the Alternative Diagnosis be altogether wrong ?
That is , might conventional economists be right in thinking that growth can continue forever ?
It is often said that anything is possible , but some things are clearly much more possible than others .
The perpetual growth of human population and consumption within the confines of a finite planet seems like a very long shot indeed , especially since warning signs are everywhere apparent that ecological limits are already being reached and surpassed . ( 24 )
What Not to Do : Prescribe Punishingly Expensive Placebos
If the physical scientists who warn about limits to growth are right , confronting the global economic meltdown implies far more than merely getting the banks and mortgage lenders back on their feet .
Indeed , in that case we face a fundamental change in our economy as significant as the advent of the industrial revolution .
We are at a historic inflection point — the ending of decades of expansion and the beginning of an inevitable period of contraction that will continue until humanity is once again living within the limits of Earth ’s regenerative systems .
But there are few signs that policy makers understand any of this .
Their thinking appears to be shaped primarily by mainstream economists ’ assurances that growth can and must continue into the indefinite future , and that the economic contraction the world is currently experiencing is only temporary - - a problem that can and must be solved .
Still , the problem is not a minor one in the eyes of economists and policy makers .
Consider the gargantuan size of the Treasury and Federal Reserve bailouts and stimulus packages that have been deployed in the possibly futile attempt to end contraction and restart growth .
According to the special inspector general of the U.S. government ’s Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) , in remarks submitted to the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform on July 21 , $ 23.7 trillion have been committed in “ total potential federal government support . ”
This is expensive medicine indeed .
It takes a moment to even begin to comprehend the enormity of the figure .
It represents about half of annual world GDP , and is over three times the total amount spent by the U.S. government , in inflation - adjusted dollars , on all wars combined , from 1776 to the present .
It is nearly fifty times the cost of the New Deal .
Other nations , including Britain , China , and Germany have committed to paying for stimulus packages and bailouts that , while much smaller in absolute terms , represent an impressive ( or should we say frightful ? ) share of national GDP .
If the Alternative Diagnosis is valid , none of this will work in the end , because existing financial institutions — with their basis in debt and interest and their requirements for constant expansion — cannot be made to function in a context where energy and resource constraints impose effective caps on manufacturing and transport .
Are the bailouts and stimulus packages working ?
Much evidence suggests that they are not , except in limited ways .
In the U.S. , unemployment continues to increase , while real estate values continue to fall .
And most of the reputed “ green shoots ” in the economy so far sighted amount merely to an arguably temporary decline in the rate of contraction .
For example , the home price index released July 28 of this year showed that in May , seasonally adjusted prices fell just 0.16 percent from the previous month .
That represents an annual rate of decline of a little under 2 percent , which is a substantial improvement over the annualized rate of more than 20 percent that prevailed from September 2008 through March of 2009 .
Many commentators seized upon this news as a sign of an imminent turnaround .
Nevertheless , new home sales are down from 1.4 million per year in 2005 to 350,000 per year today , and house prices are down 50 percent from the bubble peak and still declining in most places .
Moreover , manufacturing is still shrinking , small businesses are in trouble , there are still significant danger signs on the horizon , including a new round of mortgage resets , a likely dive in commercial real estate values , and the looming reality that toxic assets at the center of the banking crisis have yet to be dealt with . ( 25 )
President Obama has made the argument that bailouts are justified to stabilize the system long enough so that leaders can make fundamental changes to institutions and regulations , enabling the economy to then go forward healthier and more immune to similar crises in the future .
But there is little to suggest that the kinds of systemic changes that are actually needed ( ones that would enable the economy to function during a prolonged period of contraction ) are under way or even contemplated .
Meanwhile , as growth - based institutions are temporarily propped up , the ultimate scale of the damage is likely only to increase : when the inevitable collapse of those institutions does come , the consequences will likely be even worse because so much capital will have been squandered in attempting to salvage them .
In using up non-renewable resources like metals , minerals , and fossil fuels , we have stolen from future generations .
Now in effect we are stealing from those generations the financial wherewithal that could have been used to build a bridge to a sustainable economy .
The construction of a renewable energy infrastructure ( including not only generating capacity , but distribution and storage systems , as well as post - petroleum transport and agriculture systems ) will require enormous investments and decades of work .
Where will the investment capital come from if governments are already buried in debt ?
If we have committed nearly $ 24 trillion to propping up an old economy with no real survival prospects , what ’s left with which to finance the new one ?
If the current prescription for our economic malady is wrong - headed , the same is true of many proposed cures for our energy problems .
According to the Conventional Diagnosis , today ’s high oil prices are due to speculation ; the cure must therefore lie in the tighter regulation of oil futures trading ( which may be a good idea , though it does n’t get to the heart of the problem ) , while providing more opportunities to oil companies to explore for domestic oil ( even though the likely production rates from currently off - limits reserves would be relatively paltry , and would have a negligible effect on oil prices ) .
In fact , though , investing further in fossil fuel energy systems ( including “ clean coal ” technology ) will yield declining returns , given that the highest quality resources have already been used up ; meanwhile , doing so takes investment capital away from the development of renewable energy , which we will have to rely on increasingly as fossil fuels deplete . ( 26 )
What is required but is still utterly lacking is a fundamental recognition that circumstances have changed : what worked decades ago will not work now .
What To Do : Adapt to the New Reality
If the Alternative Diagnosis is correct , there will be no easy fix for the current economic breakdown .
Some illnesses are not curable ; they require that we simply adapt and make the best of our new situation .
If humanity has indeed embarked upon the contraction phase of the industrial pulse , we should assume that ahead of us lie much lower average income levels ( for nearly everyone in the wealthy nations , and for high wage earners in poorer nations ) ; different employment opportunities ( fewer jobs in sales , marketing , and finance ; more in basic production ) ; and more costly energy , transport , and food .
Further , we should assume that key aspects of our economic system that are inextricably tied to the need for future growth will cease to work in this new context .
What can we do to adapt most rapidly and successfully ?
Rather than attempting to prop up banks and insurance companies with trillions in bailouts , it would probably be better simply to let them fail , however nasty the short - term consequences , since they will fail anyway sooner or later .
The sooner they are replaced with institutions that serve essential functions within a contracting economy , the better off we will all be . ( 27 )
Meanwhile the thought - leaders in society , especially the President , must begin breaking the news — in understandable and measured ways — that growth is n’t returning and that the world has entered a new and unprecedented economic phase , but that we can all survive and thrive in this challenging transitional period if we apply ourselves and work together .
At the heart of this general re-education must be a public and institutional acknowledgment of three basic rules of sustainability : growth in population cannot be sustained ; the ongoing extraction of non-renewable resources cannot be sustained ; and the use of renewable resources is sustainable only if it proceeds at rates below those of natural replenishment .
Without cheap energy , global trade cannot increase .
This does n’t mean that trade will disappear , only that economic incentives will inexorably shift as transport costs rise , favoring local production for local consumption .
But this may be a nice way of putting it : if and when fuel shortages arise , fragile globe - spanning systems of provisioning could be disrupted , with dire effects for consumers cut off from sources of necessary products .
Thus a high priority must be placed on the building of community resilience through the preferential local sourcing of necessities and the maintenance of larger regional inventories — especially of food and fuel . ( 28 )
It currently takes an average of 8.5 calories of energy from oil and natural gas to produce each calorie of food energy .
Without cheap fuel for agriculture , farm production will plummet and farmers will go bankrupt — unless proactive efforts are undertaken to reform agriculture to reduce its reliance on fossil fuels . ( 29 )
Obviously , alternative energy sources and energy efficiency strategies must be high priorities , and must be subjects of intensive research using a carefully chosen spectrum of criteria .
The best candidates will have to be funded robustly even while fossil fuels are still relatively cheap : the build - out time for the renewable energy infrastructure will inevitably be measured in decades and so we must begin the process now rather than waiting for market forces to lead the way .
In the face of credit and ( potential ) currency crises , new ways of financing such projects will be needed .
Given that our current monetary and financial systems are founded on the need for growth , we will require new ways of creating money and new ways of issuing credit .
Considerable thought has gone into finding solutions to this problem , and some communities are already experimenting with local capital co-ops , alternative currencies , and no-interest banks . ( 30 )
With oil becoming increasingly expensive in real terms , we will need more efficient ways of getting people and goods around .
Our first priority in this regard must be to reduce the need for transport with better urban planning and re-localized production systems .
But where transport is needed , rail and light rail will probably be preferable to cars and trucks . ( 31 )
We will also need a revolution in the built environment to minimize the requirement for heating , cooling , and artificial lighting in all our homes and public buildings .
This revolution is already under way , but is currently moving far too slowly due to the inertia of established interests in the construction industry . ( 32 )
These projects will need more than local credit and money ; they will also require skilled workers .
There will be a call not just for installers of solar panels and home insulation : millions of new food producers and builders of low - energy infrastructure will be needed as well .
A broad range of new opportunities could open up to replace vanishing jobs in marketing and finance — if there is cheap training available at local community colleges .
It is worth noting that the $ 23.7 trillion recently committed for U.S. bailouts and loan guarantees represents about $ 80,000 for each man , woman , and child in America .
A level of investment even a substantial fraction that size could pay for all needed job training while ensuring universal provision of basic necessities during the transition .
What would we be getting for our money ?
A collective sense that , in a time of crisis , no one is being left behind .
Without the feeling of cooperative buy - in that such a safety net would help engender , similar to what was achieved with the New Deal but on an even larger scale , economic contraction could devolve into a horrific fight over the scraps of the waning industrial period .
However contentious , the population question must be addressed .
All problems that have to do with resources are harder to solve when there are more people needing those resources .
The U.S. must encourage smaller families and must establish an immigration policy consistent with a no - growth population target .
This has foreign policy implications : we must help other nations succeed with their own economic transitions so that their citizens do not have to emigrate to survive . ( 33 )
If economic growth ceases to be an achievable goal , society will have to find better ways of measuring success .
Economists must shift from assessing well - being with the blunt instrument of GDP , and begin paying more attention to indices of human and social capital in areas such as education , health , and cultural achievements .
This redefinition of growth and progress has already begun in some quarters , but for the most part has yet to be taken up by governments . ( 34 )
A case can be made that after all this is done the end result will be a more satisfying way of life for the vast majority of citizens — offering more of a sense of community , more of a connection with the natural world , more satisfying work , and a healthier environment .
Studies have repeatedly shown that higher levels of consumption do not translate to elevated levels of satisfaction with life .
( 35 ) This means that if “ progress ” can be thought of in terms of happiness , rather than a constantly accelerating process of extracting raw materials and turning them into products that themselves quickly become waste , then progress can certainly continue .
In any case , “ selling ” this enormous and unprecedented project to the general public will require emphasizing its benefits .
Several organizations are already exploring the messaging and public relations aspects of the transition .
( 36 ) But those in charge need to understand that looking on the bright side does n’t mean promising what ca n’t be delivered — such as a return to the days of growth and thoughtless consumption .
Can We? Will We ?
It is important to state the implications of all this as plainly as possible .
If the Alternative Diagnosis is correct , there will be no full economic “ recovery ” — not this year , or the next , or five or ten years from now .
There may be temporary rebounds that take us back to some fraction of peak economic activity , but these will be only brief respites .
We have entered a new economic era in which the former rules no longer apply .
Low interest rates and government spending no longer translate to incentives for borrowing and job production .
Cheap energy wo n’t appear just because there is demand for it .
Substitutes for essential resources will in most cases not be found .
Over all , the economy will continue to shrink in fits and starts until it can be maintained by the energy and material resources that Earth can supply on ongoing basis .
This is of course very difficult news .
It is analogous to being told by your physician that you have contracted a systemic , potentially fatal disease that cannot be cured , but only managed ; and managing it means you must make profound lifestyle changes .
Some readers may note that climate change has not figured prominently in this discussion .
It is clearly , after all , the worst environmental catastrophe in human history .
Indeed , its consequences could be far worse than the mere destruction of national economies : hundreds of millions of people and millions of other species could be imperiled .
The reason for the relatively limited discussion of climate here is that ( assuming the Alternative Diagnosis is correct ) it is not climate change that has proven to be the most immediate limit to economic growth , but resource depletion .
However , while there is not as yet general agreement on the point , climate change itself and the needed steps to minimize it both constitute limits to growth , just as resource depletion does .
Moreover , if we fail to successfully manage the inevitable process of economic contraction that will characterize the coming decades , there will be no hope of mounting an organized and coherent response to climate change — a response consisting of efforts both to reduce climate impacts and to adapt to them .
It is important to note , though , that the measures advocated here ( including the development of renewable energy sources and energy efficiency , a rapid reduction of reliance on fossil fuels in transport and agriculture , and the stabilization of population levels ) are among the steps that will help most to reduce carbon emissions .
Is this essay likely to change the thinking and actions of policy makers ?
Unfortunately , that is unlikely .
Their belief in the possibility and necessity of continued growth is pervasive , and the notion that growth may no longer be possible is unthinkable .
But the Alternative Diagnosis must be a matter of record .
This essay , composed by a mere journalist , in many ways represents the thinking of thousands of physical scientists working over the past several decades on issues having to do with population , resources , pollution , and biodiversity .
Ignoring the diagnosis itself — whether as articulated here or as implied in tens of thousands of scientific papers — may waste our last chance to avert a complete collapse , not just of the economy , but of civility and organized human existence .
It may risk a historic discontinuity with qualitative antecedents in the fall of the Roman and Mayan civilizations . ( 37 )
But there is no true precedent for what may be in store , because those earlier examples of collapse affected geographically bounded societies whose influence on their environments was also bounded .
Today ’s civilization is global , and its fate , Earth ’s fate , and humanity ’s fate are inextricably tied .
But even if policy makers continue to ignore warnings such as this , individuals and communities can take heed and begin the process of building resilience , and of detaching themselves from reliance on fossil fuels and institutions that are inextricably tied to the perpetual growth machine .
We can not sit passively by as world leaders squander opportunites to awaken and adapt to growth limits .
We can make changes in our own lives , and we can join with our neighbors .
And we can let policy makers know we disapprove of their allegiance to the status quo , but that there are other options .
Is it too late to begin a managed transition to a post - fossil fuel society ?
Perhaps .
But we will not know unless we try .
And if we are to make that effort , we must begin by acknowledging one simple , stark reality : growth as we have known it can no longer be our goal .
Notes
1. “ Pain on the Road to Recovery ” ( http://www.smh.com.au/national/pain-on-the-road-to-recovery-20090724-dw6...).
2 . Here , for example , are a few relevant excerpts from the present author ’s book The Party ’s Over : Oil , War and the Fate of Industrial Societies ( Gabriola Island , BC : New Society , 2003 ) : “ Our current financial system was designed during a period of consistent growth in available energy , with its designers operating under the assumption that continued economic growth was both inevitable and desirable .
This ideology of growth has become embodied in systemic financial structures requiring growth … .
Until now , this loose linkage between a financial system predicated upon the perpetual growth of the money supply , and an economy growing year by year because of an increasing availability of energy and other resources , has worked reasonably well — with a few notable exceptions , such as the Great Depression … .
However , [ when global oil production peaks ] the financial system may not respond so rationally … .
This might predictably trigger a financial crisis… . ”
3. See Albert Bartlett , “ Arithmetic , Population and Energy ” ( lecture transcript ) , ( http://www.globalpublicmedia.com/transcripts/645).
4. Donella H. Meadows , Dennis L. Meadows , Jorgen Randers , and William W. Behrens III , Limits to Growth ( New York : Universe Books , 1972 ) ; Donella H. Meadows , Dennis L. Meadows , and Jorgen Randers , Beyond the Limits ( Post Mills , VT : Chelsea Green , 1992 ) ; Donella H. Meadows , Dennis L. Meadows , and Jorgen Randers , Limits to Growth : The 30 Year Update ( White River Junction , VT : Chelsea Green , 2003 ) .
See also the recent CSIRO study , “ A Comparison of the Limits to Growth with Thirty Years of Reality ” ( 2009 ) ( www.csiro.au/files/files/plje.pdf).
5 . See , for example , Robert U. Ayers and Benjamin Warr , The Economic Growth Engine : How Energy and Work Drive Material Prosperity ( Cambridge , UK : Edward Elgar Publishing , 2005 ) ; and Robert Barro and Xavier Sala-i- Martin , Economic Growth ( Cambridge , MA : MIT Press , 2003 ) ( http://www.bookrags.com/research/economic-growth-and-energy-consumpt-mee...).
6. See Richard Heinberg , The Party ’s Over : Oil , War and the Fate of Industrial Societies ( 2003 , 2005 ) ; Powerdown : Options and Actions for a PostCarbon World ( 2004 ) ; and The Oil Depletion Protocol : A Plan to Avert Oil Wars , Terrorism , and Economic Collapse ( 2006 ) ; as well as books by Kenneth Deffeyes , Colin Campbell , and Matthew Simmons ; and websites www.theoildrum.com and www.energybulletin.net.
The Association for the Study of Peak Oil organizes international conferences to study issues related to oil and gas depletion ( www.peakoil.net and www.aspo-usa.com), and the U.S. chapter of ASPO publishes a weekly survey of relevant news , “ Peak Oil Review , ” compiled by former CIA analyst Tom Whipple .
At the annual Association for the Study of Peak Oil conference in Cork , Ireland , in September 2007 , former U.S. Energy Secretary , James Schlesinger , said : “ Conceptually the battle is over .
The peakists have won .
We ’re all peakists now . ”
See also Steve Connor , “ Warning : Oil supplies are running out fast , ” The Independent , August 3 , 2009 ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/warning-oil-supplies-are-runni...).
7 . The declining rate of discovery of new oilfields , and the list of past - peak oil producing countries , are widely documented ; e.g. : Roger D. Blanchard , The Future of Global Oil Production : Facts , Figures , Trends and Projections by Region ( Jefferson , NC : McFarlane and Co. , 2005 ) .
8. A May 4 , 2009 report from Raymond James Associates ( “ Stat of the Week ” ) argued that world oil production peaked in July 2008 ( http://blogs.wsj.com/environmentalcapital/2009/05/04/peak-oil-global-oil...).
In a subsequent interview , Marshall Adkins , author of the report , suggested that most knowledgeable players within the petroleum industry now accept the Peak Oil thesis in some form , whether or not they acknowledge it publicly ( www.aspousa.org/index.php/2009/07/interview-with-marshall-adkins/).
9. Brookings Papers on Economic Activity , March 2009 .
www.brookings.edu/economics/bpea/~/media/Files/Programs/ES/BPEA/2009_spr...
10 . See Joe Cortright , “ Driven to the Brink : How the Gas Price Spike Popped the Housing Bubble and Devalued the Suburbs , ” Discussion paper , CEOs for Cities , 2008 ( http://www.ceosforcities.org).
11 . U.S. Government Accountability Office , “ Commercial Aviation : Airline Industry Contraction Due to Volatile Fuel Prices and Falling Demand Affects Airports , Passengers , and Federal Government Revenues , ” April 21 , 2009 ( www.gao.gov/products/GAO-09-393).
For a detailed discussion of the likely future impacts of high oil prices and oil shortages on the airline industry , see Charles Schlumberger , “ The Oil Price Spike of 2008 : The Result of Speculation or an Early Indicator of a Major and Growing Future Challenge to the Airline Industry ? ” Annals of Air and Space Law , Vol. XXXIV , [ 2009 ] , McGill University ( http://www.globalpublicmedia.com/the_oil_price_spike_of_2008).
12 . American Trucking Association ( www.truckline.com/Pages/Home.aspx).
13 . This scenario is implied in Robert L. Hirsch , Roger Bezdek , and Robert Wendling , “ Peaking of World Oil Production : Impacts , Mitigatin and Risk Management ” ( U.S. Department of Energy : 2005 ) : “ As peaking is approached , liquid fuel prices and price volatility will increase dramatically …. ” ( http://www.netl.doe.gov/publications/others/pdf/Oil_Peaking_NETL.pdf).
14 . See , for example , “ Troubling Signs That Oil Prices Could Hamper Recovery , ” Wall Street 24/7 , May 8 , 2009 ( http://247wallst.com/2009/05/08/troubling-signs-that-oil-prices-could-ha...)
15 . See , for example , James Herron , “ Low Oil Prices , Credit Woes Could Spell Trouble for UK North Sea , ” Rigzone , November 14 , 2008 ( www.rigzone.com/news/article.asp?a_id=69507).
16 . Jad Mouawad , “ Big Oil Projects Put in Jeopardy by Fall in Prices , ” New York Times , December 15 , 2008 ( www.nytimes.com/2008/12/16/business/16oil.html)
17 . See David R. Baker , “ Low oil prices take wind out of renewable fuels , ” San Francisco Chronicle , October 27 , 2008 ( www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2008/10/26/MNSK13NNK4.DTL).
18 . See The Party ’s Over , Chapter 4 ; Powerdown , Chapter 4 ; The Oil Depletion Protocol , pages 23 - 31 .
A longer treatment of the subject , tentatively titled Energy Limits to Growth , will be published by International Forum on Globalization and Post Carbon Institute in September .
19 .
This conclusion is echoed in , for example , Ted Trainer , Renewable Energy Cannot Sustain a Consumer Society ( Dordrecht , The Netherlands : Springer , 2007 ) ; and ( with some reservations ) , David J. C. McKay , Sustainable Energy Without the Hot Air ( Cambridge , UK : UIK Cambridge , 2008 ) , ( www.withouthotair.com).
20 .
Just one example , from a press release April 20 , 1998 describing the results of a poll commissioned by the American Museum of Natural History : “ The American Museum of Natural History announced today results of a nationwide survey titled Biodiversity in the Next Millennium , developed by the Museum in conjunction with Louis Harris and Associates , Inc .
The survey reveals that seven out of ten biologists believe that we are in the midst of a mass extinction of living things , and that this loss of species will pose a major threat to human existence in the next century . ”
21 . Charles A. S. Hall and Kent A. Klitgaard , “ The Need for a New , Bioplysical - Based Paradigm in Economics for the Second Half of the Age of Oil , ” International Journal of Transdisciplinary Research , Vo. 1 , NO. 1 ( 2006 ) , ( http://74.125.155.132/search?q=cache:DtdKR2ZWgNoJ:www.peakoil.net/files/...); Charles A. S. Hall , D. Lindenberger , R. Kummell , T. Kroeger and W. Eichorn , “ The Need to Reintegrate the Natural Sciences with Economics . ” Bioscience 51:663-673 , 2001 .
22 . Cutler J. Cleveland , “ Biophysical Economics , ” The Encyclopedia of Earth ( www.eoearth.org/article/Biophysical_economics).
See also the related field of Ecological Economics , especially the books of Herman Daly , including Toward a Steady State Economy ( New York : Freeman , 1973 ) ; and , with Joshua Farley , Ecological Economics : Principles and Applications ( Washington : Island Press , 2004 ) .
23 .
The quotation marks around the Nobel name are justified because the Nobel family has never acknowledged economics as a science : the so - called “ Nobel prize in economics ” is awarded by a Swedish Bank .
24 . See The Millennium Ecosystem Assessment ( www.millenniumassessment.org/en/index.aspx).
25 . See , for example , J. S. Kim , “ Irrational Exuberance of the Green Shoots , ” July 24 , 2009 ( http://seekingalpha.com/article/151101-irrational-exuberance-of-the-gree...).
26 . See Richard Heinberg , Blackout : Coal , Climate and the Last Energy Crisis ( Gabiola Island , BC : New Society , 2009 ) , pages 137- 143 , 145-168 .
27 .
The opinion that banks and insurance companies should be allowed to fail rather than being bailed out was voiced by many knowledgeable observers throughout late 2008 and early 2009 .
See for example Ambrose Evans - Pritchard , “ Let banks fail , says Nobel economist Joseph Stiglitz , ” London Daily Telegraph , Feb. 2 , 2009 ( www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/banksandfinance/4424418/Let-ban...).
28 . See Jeff Rubin , Why Your World Is About to Get a Whole Lot Smaller : Oil and the End of Globalization .
( New York : Random House , 2009 ) .
29 . See Richard Heinberg and Michael Bomford , “ The Food and Farming Transition ” ( Sebastopol , CA : Post Carbon Institute , 2009 ) , ( http://postcarbon.org/food).
30 . See Bernard Lietaer , “ White Paper on All the Options for Managing a Systemic Bank Crisis ” ( www.lietaer.com/images/White_Paper_on_Systemic_Banking_Crises_final.pdf).
JAK in Sweden is a cooperative , member - owned bank that operates without interest ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JAK_members_bank).
31 . See Richard Gilbert and Anthony Perl , Transport Revolutions : Moving People and Freight Without Oil ( Gabriola Island , BC : New Society , 2009 ) .
32 . The Passivhaus Institute pioneers construction methods that reduce energy input to buildings in many cases to zero ( www.passivehouse.us).
Roughly 20,000 Passivhauses have been built in Europe , only about 12 in the U.S .
33 . See websites of Population Media Center ( www.populationmedia.org/issues/), and SUSPS ( www.susps.org/overview/immigration.html).
34 . The organization Redefining Progress has developed a Genuine Progress Indicator ( GPI ) that incorporates many such indices ( www.rprogress.org/sustainability_indicators/genuine_progress_indicator.htm).
35 . See , for example , “ Understanding Human Happiness and Well - Being , ” The Sustainable Scale Project ( http://www.sustainablescale.org/AttractiveSolutions/UnderstandingHumanHa...).
36 . The burgeoning Transition Town movement ( www.transitiontowns.org) proceeds from the premise that “ life can be better without fossil fuels . ”
YES !
Magazine ( www.yesmagazine.org) is a publication of the Positive Futures Network and highlights examples of low - impact ways of living that bring personal and social benefits .
And the Simple Living Network ( www.simpleliving.net) provides “ resources , tools , examples and contacts for conscious , simple , healthy and restorative living . ”
37 . See Jared Diamond , Collapse How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed ( New York : Viking , 2005 ) ; Joseph Tainter , The Collapse of Complex Societies ( Cambridge , UK : Cambridge University Press , 1988 ) ; and John Michael Greer , The Long Descent ( Gabriola Island , BC : New Society , 2008 ) .
It 's official .
There 's nobody in the chat rooms but pedophiles and undercover police .
On Thursday , a federal appeals court upheld the conviction of an Indiana man whose online efforts to proposition underage girls led him to not one , not two , but three undercover cops , none of whom apparently knew about the others .
The case began in August 2006 , when aspiring sexual predator James Daniel started an online conversation with Amanda_13 , a fake 13 - year - old girl voiced by Sergeant Richard Howard of the Porter County Sheriff 's Department .
After several highly explicit chats , Daniel asked Amanda_13 to meet him at a park in Valparaiso , Indiana , to have sex .
When he showed up , he was arrested for inducing an individual under 18 to engage in criminal sexual activity .
When Secret Service agents searched Daniel 's computer , they found logs of chats with two other apparent minors , who described themselves as 13 and 15 years old , respectively .
Federal prosecutors introduced the chats at Daniel 's trial as evidence of his perverted motives .
Supposedly , it was only after Daniel was convicted that the feds realized that one of those girls , daisy13 _Indiana , was also a cop working the very same Secret Service operation .
They informed Daniel 's attorney , who appealed on the grounds that the government improperly withheld information that would have proven entrapment .
The case became even more bizarre when the three - judge appellate panel reviewing the conviction saw the screen name of the third supposed teenager , blonddt , and recognized it from an earlier case .
" To our surprise , the government was unaware until this panel told it at oral argument that the other screen name , blonddt , was also an officer from the Indiana operation , " wrote Judge Diane Wood ( .pdf ) on Thursday .
Despite the prosecutorial missteps , the panel upheld Daniel 's conviction , ruling that the additional chat logs still showed his intent to commit a crime .
Daniel is serving a sentence of 17 - and - a- half years in prison , followed by supervised release for life .
There 's no evidence in the record that he ever succeeded in talking with a real underage girl .
By Dan Gilgoff , God & Country
One little - noticed effect of Al Franken 's official installation in the Senate : Republicans now lack a Jewish senator for the first time in more than 50 years .
Norm Coleman , whom Franken defeated , is Jewish , as is Sen.
Arlen Specter , who recently left the GOP to run for re-election as a Democrat .
The sole Jewish Republican in Congress is now House Minority Whip Eric Cantor .
With Franken 's arrival and Specter 's switch , the Democrats now have 13 Jewish senators and 31 Jewish House members .
What 's so remarkable about the falloff of Republican Jews in Congress is that it coincides with the decade - long trend of Republicans making support for Israel a central issue for their party .
That 's been fueled largely by the growing numbers of conservative evangelicals who are identifying as Christian Zionists .
Could it be that Christian Zionism , seen largely as a Christian - right phenomenon , is scaring off more Jews — who tend to be very wary of religious conservatives — than it 's drawing in ?
Or are these overlapping trends a mere coincidence ?
Follow Dan Gilgoff on Twitter .
Beer is an ancient drink .
Ever changing , the beers of today differ greatly in variety , yet all have their roots in the infusion of barley into water .
Source : HomeBrewing.com Archives
Many recipes from ancient times still linger to this day , passed down on chiseled tablet , dusty scroll , and even lab analysis of archaeological finds .
The evidence is clear that beer has been made in biblical times , ancient Egypt , and even Sumer .
It is quite possible that beer is even more ancient than these finds .
The beers of the Ancients were much different that the beers of today , however .
To understand the Beers of the Ancients , we must look at how beer technology has changed .
The beers of the ancients were , in the terms of today , " Real Ale " .
" Real Ales " are beers that are served without pasteurization , without chilling , and with natural carbonation ( beer au natural ) .
Such beers are rare indeed in today 's world of refrigeration and automation - and in many states , serving such a beer could be considered illegal .
Most " beer " you see in the store today is a far cry from a " Real Ale " .
Almost all commercially produced ales are dead - they have been pasteurized , meaning the yeast that is part of them has been killed through a rapid heating and cooling process .
This leaves the beer slightly changed .
Proper aging is much more difficult to effect if a beer is pasteurized .
The most ancient of beers also differ in their ingredients .
Over the centuries , as agriculture has bred more and more selectively , the life and taste of many plants has changed dramatically .
Ancient beers , for one thing , were made with all organic ingredients .
More and more beer drinkers and home brewers are finding that the exclusive use of organic barley , hops , wheat , and other admixtures create a beer with a wholesome , fuller body and taste .
See article : An Argument for Organic Beer for more information on this topic .
Another one of the most important changes was the addition of hops to beer .
That 's right - beer was not always made with hops .
There is evidence that the some of the oldest ales were made from barley , rye , or wheat based breads !
The 3,800 year old clay tablet containing the Hymn to Ninkasi recorded a recipe for beer using such .
Herodotus , the so - called " father of history " ( also the " Father of lies " , wrote about Egyptian beer around 500 B.C. , and it is likely that through his tale - telling the invention of beer spread like wildfire .
The mash , the conversion of starch to sugar , is a secret that has transformed barley tea into beer throughout history .
The enzyme conversion is a glorious , beautiful process whereby the new life of the sprouted grain is harvested and that energy is funneled into the process of beer production .
This is one process that has stayed with the brewmaster over the centuries , and the timing and temperature control over the proto - beer ( or wort ) is a skill that has been passed down through many hands .
Beer has not only been found in the histories of western and European culture .
The histories of Peru , Chile , and other Latin - American regions have provided evidence of beer production and consumption there as well .
Some indigenous people of Chile have , in fact , an age - old tradition of burying their dead with a jug of beer or chicha ( a kind of corn based beer ) , and in Peru , it has been proven that grain fermentation happened even before the arrival of European conquerors .
We can see that beer has a long shadow in history , that beer production has been a crux of human existence from way back in ancient times .
Let us celebrate the evolution of beer with respect for the beers of the ancient age .
There are many breweries that replicate recipes from the 1500's , or eve earlier - traditional beers that have withstood the test of time .
Remember to enjoy these tastes of the past while they are available in this Golden Age of Micro Brews .
You will be granted access to the design forums , receive access to the game for free when it has been released and your user name will be in the final game credits .
Less
Easily transport non-prescription pills without all the bottles .
Pop it into your handbag and you 'll have a headache remedy handy when the man in seat 7A drones on about his herniated disk .
Plus you 'll keep pills out of contact with everything else in your purse
While I was traveling last week I was lugging around an incredibly fascinating book called The Strangest Man : The Hidden Life of Paul Dirac , Mystic of the Atom .
Dirac was one of the founding fathers of quantum mechanics .
He predicted the existence of anti-matter , mathematically , before there was any experimental basis for it .
He won a Nobel Prize when he was 31 .
The main reason he ’s not a household name , as far as I can tell , is that he was too nerdy even by the standards of physicists .
Niels Bohr was apparently a jolly and highly sociable individual .
Feynman was positively charming .
Dirac was just in another league of nerdiness .
He was n’t witty and media - friendly like Einstein .
He was the un-Einstein .
The Unstein .
It was famously impossible to get Dirac to answer a question with more than a ‘ yes ’ or a ‘ no . ’
There was an otherworldly quality to his work that spooked even his colleagues — he spoke the alien language of quantum mechanics like a native .
It was all he cared about .
Einstein worried ( in the case of Heisenberg and uncertainty ) about whether God played dice .
Dirac just wanted to make the equations balance .
And if the equations worked , the universe would fill in the variables .
He once remarked : “ God is a mathematician of a very high order . ”
He only ever wore a three - piece suit , year round , rain or shine , morning and night .
The non-logic of social interactions just did n’t interest him .
When he was at Cambridge someone remarked to him , ‘ It ’s a bit rainy , is n’t it ? ’
He got up , walked to the window , came back , sat down again , and said : ‘ It is not now raining . ' ”
Or this is my favorite Dirac story .
In his late 20s Dirac and Heisenberg took a cruise together to Japan .
Heisenberg , who was a social animal , was getting his dance on with the ladies , and Dirac asked him , “ Why do you dance ? ” Heisenberg replied — not unreasonably —
“ When there are nice girls , it is a pleasure to dance . ”
Dirac thought about this for 5 minutes .
Then he said : “ Heisenberg , how do you know beforehand that the girls are nice ? ”
Housing starts were still well down from last year 's level
The number of new houses being built in the US edged up in September , but by less than expected , raising concerns about the strength of the US recovery .
Housing starts rose by 0.5 % to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 590,000 homes , compared with a revised figure of 587,000 in August .
But the rate was still down by 28.2 % on the 822,000 homes started in September 2008 , the Commerce Department said .
Analysts had expected a rate of more than 600,000 housing starts .
" It does n't bode too well .
We really want to see an uptick here , as obviously housing is so important , " said Dan Cook at IG Markets .
" If we can get more starts , we 're putting more people to work and that would be very positive , and unfortunately we just did n't see that today . "
New applications for building permits , considered a good sign of future activity , fell by 1.2 % in September .
The disappointing figures helped to push US shares lower , with the Dow Jones index down 49 points , or 0.5 % , at 10,043 in early trading .
Volatile prices Separate figures from the Labour Department showed that producer prices fell unexpectedly by 0.6 % in September .
Analysts had expected prices to remain unchanged .
The fall was sparked by a drop in fuel costs during the month .
The Producer Price Index tracks the price of goods before they reach the shops and is considered an early indicator of price trends .
However , the index has been volatile in recent months , giving little indication of the long - term trend .
A recovery in the US economy would usually lead to rising prices .
" We keep waiting for some sort of inflationary pressures to reflect the better - than - expected [ third quarter ] earnings we 're seeing in corporate America , [ but ] surprisingly enough we 're just not seeing it , " said David Dietze at Point View Financial Services .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When Facebook first launched , many people were confused about the two options available for featuring arts organizations : Facebook Groups vs. Facebook Pages .
( I need to stop for a moment and mention that Facebook needs to work out a different name for “ Facebook Pages ” — is n’t every page on Facebook a Facebook page ?
Most people commonly refer to Facebook Pages as “ fan pages ” now , but Facebook has yet to officially update their documentation to reflect this .
But I digress . )
In the beginning , there were Facebook Groups and Facebook Pages .
Groups offered the very special ability for the arts organization to directly connect with members of the group via a sort of intra-Facebook email system .
So you could ( and still can ) use this tool to send a message that will arrive in the person ’s “ Facebook email ” inbox .
Fan pages offered a messaging system called an “ update ” that would allow you to send a message to all of your fans , but sadly the message would go to place in the user ’s profile that most people never check .
I ’ve known folks to say “ Yes , I became a fan , but I never hear from them ” only to discover that their fan update inbox was filled with notes they had never seen .
Given the checks and balances between the two options , Facebook Groups used to be the better way to go .
About three months ago , Facebook made a very significant change to the way fan pages function , making them much more powerful …
The change allowed Facebook fan pages to post to the individual fan ’s newsfeed — that long , scrolling tickertape of never - ending messages from all of your friends .
Depending on when you logged into Facebook , this allowed a fan page to place its message right in front of your eyes , where you could comment on it , “ like ” it , share it , or interact with it in other ways .
Each interaction you made would also be shown to your friends on their newsfeeds , and thus your interaction had the potential to become viral .
It ’s this reason that we now recommend Facebook fan pages over Facebook groups for arts organizations .
( Use the group for your intra-company members , use a fan page for patrons ) .
But that newsfeed thing … here ’s the problem .
Let ’s say you , regular Joe , have two hundred friends on Facebook , and each friend of yours is posting three or four status updates on Facebook every day .
So we ’re talking six hundred to eight hundred messages in your personal newsfeed stream every day .
You are also a fan of several organizations , and those organizations post throughout the day .
If you , Joe , login to Facebook a couple of times a day , you ’ll see whatever the latest posts in the newsfeed are , but you ’re not going to go back and read the six hundred status updates that have happened since you last logged in —
You just dip your toe in the stream and read the latest stuff , and go about your other Facebook business .
This means that it is very likely that the fan page post from the Cupertino Theatre Company that came out an hour before you logged in is not one of the posts you ’ll see in your most recent newsfeed items .
Now , if the arts organization fan page has a lot of fans , that ’s great .
Every post that is sent out from the fan page will be seen by a few fans that happen to be logged on at the time the post is sent out , and they will have the opportunity to react to it in the ways I ’ve outlined above .
It ’s a numbers game really .
But for a fan page with not many fans , you ’re not going to see a lot of interaction , as not many fans will see it when the post is sent .
So , Facebook , want to make some money ?
Give arts organizations the ability to buy a new special posting feature : allow a fan page post to “ pause ” in the stream of the fans .
So that it does n’t matter when Joe logs into Facebook , he will see the fan page post at the top of his newsfeed , just like it had just been posted a minute ago .
All fans of a fan page will see the post whenever they login — not just the select few that happen to be logged in right when the post goes out .
Consider this a sort of “ perma - post ” or perhaps a “ stickypost ” that sticks around and does n’t get washed away in the stream .
Only the latest post from a fan page would be sticky — this prevents a bunch of posts from “ stacking up ” in the newsfeed .
The post does n’t need to look any different than a regular post — the patron actually does n’t even need to know that there is a sort of paid placement happening — to him / her , it will always look like they timed it “ just right ” and their connection to the fan page will increase .
Facebook , I would pay something for the ability to do this , and our clients would too .
If you consider that Americans for the Arts estimates that there are roughly 100,000 arts groups in the U.S. , and let ’s say 40 % of them have a presence on Facebook , and 10 % of those groups use this service , that ’s 4,000 groups .
If you charged $ 20 a month for a “ super fan page ” with this ability plus a few additional bells and whistles ( which would be well worth it to arts organizations ) , that ’s a cool $ 960,000 a year just from arts groups .
Just from arts groups mind you — this is n’t considering all of the other business genres on Facebook .
FB friends , it ’s a cash cow that requires very little maintenance and can be self - managed by the user .
How about it ?
- Ron
Like this post ?
Please share it via the link below with arts folks you think it might benefit .
Fareeda and her siblings were born on Christmas Day last year , and you can see Fareeda ’s rare lack of markings
A snow white Bengal tiger has become the first of its kind to exist in the wild today after being born without stripes .
The six - month - old cub is so rare it is thought there are fewer than 20 tigers like her alive in the world – all in captivity .
The tiger , which has been named Fareeda , was born to two white Bengal tigers .
However , while Fareeda ’s brother Shahir and sister Sitarah all bear the typical black tiger stripes , Fareeda is a one in a hundred chance of being born without .
Fareeda , who was hand - reared by keepers at Cango Wildlife Ranch , near Cape Town , South Africa , is part of a unique breeding programme to keep the White Bengal species alive .
Keepers at the ranch were delighted when Fareeda and her siblings were born on Christmas Day last year , but even more surprised to see Fareeda ’s rare lack of markings .
Odette Claassen , 52 , from Cango Wildlife Ranch , said the keepers had to wait six months before they could be sure Fareeda definitely did not have stripes .
She said : “ Some cubs develop stripes in their first few months but after six months it ’s clear that Fareeda is truly one of the rarest of her kind .
“ When she was born Fareeda had noticeably pale colour it did cause a stir of excitement amongst the staff .
“ But we knew there was the possibility of the cub ’s very light black and ginger stripes darkening over time existed .
“ Most white Bengal tigers are bred in the US from a single male captured in the 1950s , but Fareeda is the first to be born in Africa , which is very special .
“ She has a lovely nature and loves playing with her brothers and sisters , although she has nipped me a few times when she wants a feed .
“ White Bengal tigers are not albino , they have distinctive blue eyes , and they used to be found in Northern India before they died out .
“ My hope is that one day Fareeda and her kind can be returned to their native habitat and that is why it is so important to educate people about tigers and keeping the breeding programmes going . ”
Via Telegraph
Did you catch the X - Files reference ?
I know you 're wondering why I 'm bringing this up first , and I 'm not sure if I 've mentioned this before , but The X - Files is my favorite TV show of all time .
If you did n't catch the reference and have it recorded , got back to 2:33 .
The victim of the shapeshifter is watching an episode of The X - Files .
The episode in question is Dreamland Part II .
If anyone remembers the episodes , it involves Mulder switching bodies with an Area 51 employee .
I 'm not sure if that counts as foreshadowing since most people either missed it or could n't recognize what it was , but it certainly related to the episode .
There was another reference with Broyle 's saying something about X designation whatever that means .
Just a warning , I 'm not the biggest J.J. Abrams fan except for his work early in Alias ( maybe Felicity ) .
I wo n't go on ranting and raving on how great he is ; I think he goes for thrills and twists as a priority instead of the story .
That 's a perfectly reasonable way to make shows , and people like it .
I loved the discussion in the supermarket between Walter and Peter .
Apparently Walter thinks Peter liked custard as a child and Peter insists he did n't .
This kind of innuendo about the alternate universe is part of Abrams that I love .
Walter seems to be trying to make it up to Peter like somehow some custard is going to repair any damage ripping someone out of another universe causes .
The scene in the end where Astrid , Walter , and the cow said happy birthday to Peter was very unsettling .
Most of the episode , Olivia was bedridden after get thrown through a car window from the alternate universe .
How she got from the WTC to the car is anyone 's guess .
She does n't remember any specifics , but know there is something urgent to do .
I think too much of the episode was spent on Olivia since we knew she was n't going to die , but her condition does seem to push Peter and Broyles to action .
The shapeshifter thought it had killed Olivia , but when it failed , whoever was only the other side of an awesome typewriter ordered it to interrogate her , and then eliminate her .
It fails after quick thinking by Peter and is cornered underground .
Charlie supposedly kills it , but the last scene reveals that it had in fact killed Charlie and has taken his place .
Predictable ?
Yes .
Cool ?
Yes .
I guess we now know what Kirk Acevedo meant when he got fired .
He 'll probably be gone by midseason .
There 's no way an imposter can last for a whole season .
Oh wait , Lost season 5 ...
Charlie 's new replacement is Agent Jessup who was exceedingly boring and annoying until we see her connecting Pattern events with Biblical phrases .
She seems like a very generic character , but her belief that somehow the Pattern is related to the Bible is certainly interesting .
That does not make her character interesting though , but then again , I do n't find any character in the show interesting other than Walter .
Score : 8.5/10
The AP reports that the " Station Fire " had burned almost 219 square miles by early Wednesday .
Firefighters have managed to create a perimeter around 22 percent of the flames with bulldozers and controlled burns , as well as assistance from better weather .
But that has come at the cost of two firefighters who died when their truck fell off a mountain road .
* Cent tax per ounce could cut consumption by 10 percent
* Cutting caloric intake could lower obesity levels
* Industry groups say soda taxes do n’t work
WASHINGTON , Sept 16 ( Reuters ) - More U.S. health experts called for taxing sweetened soft drinks on Wednesday , saying such taxes could fight obesity and be used to fund public health efforts .
New York City health commissioner Dr. Thomas Farley , nutritionist Dr. Walter Willett of the Harvard School of Public Health , Kelly Brownell , an obesity expert at Yale University in Connecticut and others said the current taxes do not go far enough .
“ We propose an excise tax of one percent per ounce for any beverages that have any added caloric sweetener , ” they wrote in their proposal , which was published in the New England Journal of Medicine .
“ Much as taxes on tobacco products are routine at both state and federal levels because they generate revenue and they confer a public health benefit with respect to smoking rates , we believe that taxes on beverages that help drive the obesity epidemic should and will become routine . ”
They said studies have shown taxes could cut consumption just enough -- by about 1 gram of sugar per ounce .
“ A tax of one cent per ounce of beverage would increase the cost of a 20 - ounce soft drink by 15 to 20 percent . ”
They estimate that would lead to a 10 percent drop in consumption , or enough to affect weight .
“ A consumer who drinks a conventional soft drink ( 20 ounces or 591 millilitres ) every day and switches to a beverage below this threshold would consume approximately 174 fewer calories each day , ” they wrote .
The Congressional Budget Office estimated in December that a tax of three cents on every 12 - ounce ( 355 - millilitre ) can of soda could raise $ 50 billion over 10 years .
Brownell called for such a tax in April along with Farley ’s predecessor , Dr. Thomas Frieden , who became director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in June .
“ Currently , 33 states have sales taxes on soft drinks ( mean tax rate 5.2 percent ) , but the taxes are too small to affect consumption and the revenues are not earmarked for programs related to health , ” Brownell , Farley and the others wrote .
OBESITY SURGING
They noted that people are drinking more sweet drinks and the obesity rate is surging .
“ In Mexico , intake of sugar - sweetened drinks doubled between 1999 and 2006 in all age groups , ” they wrote .
“ Reducing caloric intake by 1 percent to 2 percent per year would have a marked impact on health in all age groups . ”
The American Heart Association weighed in on the issue last month , recommending that Americans cut back dramatically on sugar and singling out soft drinks as the top source of “ discretionary ” sugar calories .
The beverage industry objected .
“ We agree that obesity is a serious public health issue , but the solution put forth by these researchers simply wo n’t work .
Reducing obesity will only be addressed through comprehensive solutions , ” Susan Neely , president and chief executive officer for the American Beverage Association , said in a statement .
“ Importantly , taxes will not teach our children how to live a healthy lifestyle . ”
The researchers had anticipated this argument .
“ Seat belt legislation and tobacco taxation do not eliminate traffic accidents and heart disease but are nevertheless sound policies , ” they wrote .
“ Opposition to a tax by the beverage industry is to be expected , ” they added .
An industry group called Americans Against Food Taxes , backed by juice maker Welch's , soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc PEP.N , the American Beverage Association , the Corn Refiners Association , McDonald 's Corp MCD.N and Burger King Holdings Inc BKC.N , is also fighting such a tax .
Creative art of Jeffrey Batchelor
Artist Jeffrey Batchelor definitely deserves a lot of attention having displayed the richness of his talent with his oil on canvas paintings .
He demonstrates an interesting approach to the scenes he paints , creating aÂ very magical and fun effects .
Conceptually , his work ranges from straight realism to surrealism , and from rectangular canvases to shaped canvas panels .
Thanks to his extensive training in theatrical scenic construction .
Often working with magnifiers , he delineate and define the myriad of reflections and refractions that exist within thick blown and cut crystal – realism for realism ’s sake .
When realism becomes too constraining for him , he likes to reach into surrealism , to take an idea or a concept and develop it with a magical flavor .
This allows him to elicit the viewer ’s thought processes and visually define a concept , idea , or feeling .
When a rectangle becomes constraining , he creates shaped panels that he paints in trompe - l ’oiel fashion .
This gives him endless possibilities for shape and depth illusions , as you will be able to observe here .
These paintings and many more can be found on Jeffrey Batchelor official website !
Enjoy …
The Girl in the Window
This is yet another painting inspired by the most famous painting in the world and perhaps the most influential artist of all time …
“ Mona Lisa ” by Leonardo da Vinci .
It is artists hope that the viewer will forgive the pretentiousness of using such a masterpiece and appreciate his unique vision and execution .
Knight Watch
This painting incorporates some of Jeffrey Batchelor favorite metaphoric symbols , the first and most obvious being chess .
Artist likes using chess as a symbol of the daily struggles of our lives .
In this painting the figure is in a state of deep contemplation while kneeling in a “ dream ” environment that is a giant chessboard .
Small chess pieces are scattered at her feet while in the distance a giant rook has fallen , and soaring into the sky are a black bishop and a king , whose color is not easily discerable .
The figure is dressed in a white sheet and there is a crown on the ground in front of her , marking her as the white queen .
The black bishop is a symbol of religion …
Flights of Fancy
Fortune and Fate
Threads of Thought
Master of Man
Grounded
The Hidden Artist
Oracle
Chasing Checkmate
PARIS — Subversive US cartoonist Robert Crumb , whose take on the Bible is about to be released worldwide , says people are “ totally nuts ” for taking the book so seriously for so long .
“ I grew to hate the Bible , ” he told a press conference for the international launch of “ Robert Crumb ’s Book of Genesis ” , which he called a “ gruelling ” four year project .
The book hits bookshelves in late October in Europe , Brazil and the United States .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The idea of millions of people taking this so seriously is totally nuts , ” he added .
“ The Bible does n’t need to be satirised .
It ’s already so crazy . ”
Crumb ’s 220 - page epic take on the Book of Genesis painstakingly mirrors every twist and turn , from God ’s Creation of the world through the meanderings of Noah ’s Ark and the adventures of Jacob of the “ coat of many colours ” .
The 66 - year - old hero of underground comics who wowed the 1960s with “ Fritz The Cat ” and “ Mr Natural ” , said he took up the challenge 40 years later of creating another white - haired long - bearded figure “ to illuminate the text of Genesis by illustrating every single thing that ’s in there . ”
“ It has n’t been done before I think , ” he said .
“ There are hidden stories that are very strong . ”
The lanky gray - haired Crumb , in grey suit and waistcoat for the two - hour media conference , poked fun at the Almighty hero of the book but said he had reneged his Roman Catholic upbringing to become a gnostic “ on a spiritual quest ” .
ADVERTISEMENT
The God in his book was “ very very serious , as well he should be .
It ’s his universe , ” he quipped , saying he depicted him as an old - fashioned patriarch “ after a powerful dream in 2000 in which I saw God and that ’s what he looked like . ”
“ I avoided explicit sex because I did n’t want to ridicule ” , he said , “ but you ca n’t ever please true believers .
If you ’re messing around with their sacred texts , they wo n’t like it . ”
“ Perhaps someone will want to kill me , ” he added , referring to recent controversy over Mohammed cartoons in Demark .
ADVERTISEMENT
Crumb , who moved from the United States to southern France in the 1990s , said his interest in the Bible was tied to his longstanding passion for tales of ancient civilisations .
“ The Bible is not the word of God .
It ’s the words of men , ” he said .
“ I take it all as myth from start to finish ” .
ADVERTISEMENT
He would never have had the patience to carry out the project during his drug - addled youth , he said .
It had been an extenuating four years spent bent over a drawing - board , sketching and fixing and refixing .
Hitting out at fine arts and contemporary art , which he described as sometimes being “ cockamania way out there in the twilight zone , ” Crumb said comic - book artists were on the other side of a “ grand canyon ” between the two .
“ For some reason the world of fine arts is trying to embrace me ” with offers of museum exhibitions not to mention an offer of three million dollars for the original drawings of his Genesis .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ But comics are not made to be on a wall .
They ’re supposed to be read , ” he said .
The latest Phoenix air analysis is finding Gallium in high concentrations .
Gallium ?
Gallium is very odd to find in ambient air , it is not actually found in the natural environment but has wide use for cloaking , mind control and several strange applications .
Here is the full lab report ...
Phoenix Air Particulates Lab Report - 2009
http://d1027732.mydomainwebhost.com/charts/our%20charts/phx_particulates_2009.htm
For more on Gallium as used in mind control and cloaking operations , see the below ...
Cloaking http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&source=
hp&q=gallium+for+cloaking&aq=f&oq=&aqi=
Mind Control http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&q=gallium +for+mind+control&aq=f&oq=&aqi=
More about Gallium - Gallium does not exist in free form in nature , and the few high - gallium minerals such as gallite ( CuGaS2 ) are too rare to serve as a primary source of the element or its compounds .
The only two economic sources for gallium are as byproduct of aluminium and zinc production , while the sphalerite for zinc production is the minor source .
Most gallium is extracted from the crude aluminium hydroxide solution of the Bayer process for producing alumina and aluminium .
A mercury cell electrolysis and hydrolysis of the amalgam withs odium hydroxide leads to sodium gallate .
Electrolysis then gives gallium metal .
As a component of the semiconductor gallium arsenide , the most common application for gallium is optoelectronic devices ( mostly laser diodes and light - emitting diodes . )
Smaller amounts of gallium arsenide are use for the manufacture of ultra-high speed logic chips and MESFETs for low - noise microwave preamplifiers .
Gallium is used as a dopant for the production of solid - state devices such as transistors .
However , worldwide the actual quantity used for this purpose is minute , since dopant levels are usually of the order of a few parts per million .
Multijunction photovoltaic cell is used for special application , first developed and deployed for satellite power applications , are made by molecular beam epitaxy or Metalorganic vapour phase epitaxy of thin films of gallium arsenide , indium gallium phosphide or indium gallium arsenide .
The Mars Exploration Rovers and several satellites use triple junction gallium arsenide on germanium cells . [ 18 ]
Gallium is the rarest component of new photo voltaic compounds ( such as copper indium gallium selenium sulfide or Cu( In , Ga ) ( Se , S ) 2 ) for use in solar panels as a more efficient alternative to crystalline silicon . [ 19 ]
Because gallium wets glass or porcelain , gallium can be used to create brilliant mirrors .
When the wetting action of gallium - alloys is not desired ( as in Galinstan glass thermometers ) , the glass must be protected with a transparent layer of gallium oxide .
Aluminium is reactive enough to reduce water to hydrogen , being oxidized to aluminium oxide .
However , the aluminium oxide forms a protective coat which prevents further reaction .
Galinstan has been applied to activate aluminum ( removing the oxide coat ) , so that aluminum can react with water , generating hydrogen and steam in a reaction being considered as a helpful step in a hydrogen economy [ 23 ] .
Research is being conducted to determine whether gallium can be used to fight bacterial infections in people with cystic fibrosis .
Gallium is similar in size to iron , an essential nutrient for respiration .
When gallium is mistakenly picked up by bacteria such as Pseudomonas , the bacteria 's ability to respire is interfered with and the bacteria die .
Gallium - 67 salts such as gallium citrate and gallium nitrate are used as radiopharmaceutical agents in a nuclear medicine imaging procedure commonly referred to as a gallium scan .
Other uses : Neutrino detection .
Possibly the largest amount of pure gallium ever collected in a single spot is the Gallium - Germanium Neutrino Telescope used by the SAGEexperiment at the Baksan Neutrino Observatory in Russia .
This detector contains 55 - 57 tonnes of liquid gallium . [ 30 ]
As a liquid metal ion source for a focused ion beam .
While not considered toxic , the data about gallium are inconclusive .
Some sources suggest that it may cause dermatitis from prolonged exposure .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gallium
Gen Odierno said it was important for the US not to forget about Iraq
The top US military commander in Iraq has said that the withdrawal of US forces is going faster than expected - freeing up resources for Afghanistan .
Gen Ray Odierno said 4,000 more US troops would be withdrawn by the end of October , leaving 120,000 in Iraq .
Testifying at a congressional hearing , Gen Odierno said the US was on track to meet a deadline for pulling out all US combat troops from Iraq by August 2010 .
He urged Congress not to lose sight of Iraq , as efforts focus on Afghanistan .
Gen Odierno told the House Armed Services Committee that the pull - out of 4,000 additional troops by mid-October was " a bit faster than we originally planned " .
Security improvements in Anbar province meant that only one US brigade was needed there rather than two , he said .
Iraqi elections due in January would be the real test of security , he said , but overall Iraqi troops were operating effectively backed by US forces .
" Iraqi security forces are now in the lead across the entire country , " he added .
Gen Odierno said that military equipment no longer required in Iraq was being freed up to be sent to Afghanistan .
" I worked very closely with Gen Petraeus to identify any capabilities that we no longer need that can be used in Afghanistan , " he said .
Gen Odierno's testimony comes as President Barack Obama meets senior military officers and administration officials to discuss US strategy in Afghanistan .
At the weekend , the top US commander in Afghanistan , Gen Stanley McChrystal , submitted a report requesting more troops and warning of failure should he be denied additional manpower .
Up to 50,000 US troops are expected to remain in Iraq until the end of 2011 to help train and equip Iraqi forces .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
� Anyone can give up , it 's the easiest thing in the world to do .
But to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart , that 's true strength . �
Whenever my dog is sleeping i check to make sure he 's still alive CREW
more bad news for warp drive technology
Theoretical warp drives keep finding more ways to kill their users and everything around them .
This time , with artificial black holes .
A few weeks ago , I was talking to Dr. Ian O’Neill about the current research into warp drive physics and asked whether putting out the energy equivalent of Jupiter ’s mass could have some rather destructive side - effects .
After doing some more research , I wrote a post about the possibility of warp drives releasing enough energy to create a wake with the power to destroy a planet or push it out of its orbit .
And would n’t you know it , just four days later there ’s a study by physicists who say that not only could warp drives affect everything around their space - time bubbles , they could also trigger the formation of black holes as these bubbles collapse .
The bad news for sci- fi fans were broken by Stefano Finazzi who just happens to be the lead researcher of an earlier study which also cast a doubt on the stability of asymmetric warp bubbles that should theoretically be able to move whatever ’s inside them faster than light .
According to his calculations , the problem is n’t so much releasing the energy as it is containing the raw power necessary to keep space and time warped .
Most warp drive concepts include the use of dark energy which is supposed to act as gravity ’s evil twin .
In order for all the dark energy to keep the warp bubble stable , you need to keep putting out more and more power .
While you ’re streaming out absolutely phenomenal amounts of energy , you ’re fine .
But when the energy runs out , the entire structure collapses violently and depending on a wide variety of factors , it either explodes with incredible force or implodes so quickly , it forms a singularity .
Either way , things do n’t end well .
Like a wise scientist once said , nature lets you take shortcuts but it makes you pay for every one of them in the end .
When we try to bend space and time with immense energy , we bump up against the kind of high energy physics that pretty much no technology would be able to sustain without either violating the laws of space and time or requiring us to bottle up a massive star and learn how to wield its power .
However , even that might not be a death knell to future warp drives after all .
Many physicists seem to agree with Finazzi ’s numbers , but like the Mythbusters after an experiment with somewhat muddled results , they ’re not ready to call faster than light travel a dead end just yet .
The universe works in strange ways and the semi-classical physics used to make the predictions do n’t present the whole picture .
There might be other ways to make warp drives and break the speed of light through a shortcut in the complex fabric of space and time .
Then again , I suppose that ’s just a nice way of saying that maybe , someday , somehow we ’ll make it work .
Digital Planet
Alka Marwaha
BBC World Service
Microsoft is already a dominant brand in Africa Microsoft has defended itself against criticism over aggressive marketing techniques in Africa to win people over to its software .
 Despite the wealth of information that gets around , it 's sad that sometimes reality has a hard time catching up with perception ,  said Dr Cheikh Modibo Diarra , chairman of Microsoft in Africa .
 I think that that perception comes from the fact that we are very successful because wherever we are , we are competing respectfully and openly ; you can verify that everywhere , " he told the BBC World Service 's Digital Planet programme .
For Dr Diarra , one problem alone defines Africa 's situation .
 Technology wise , African needs can be summarised in one word : access , " he said .
 When you talk about access , you talk about affordability of hardware , software and connectivity , which is 50 to 100 times more expensive in Africa than in the US ,  said Dr Diarra .
Too aggressive Microsoft is on its way to becoming a dominant brand in Africa , mainly through the deals made with various governments .
 We are very conscious of the environment in which we do business , where our employees and customers live , we always try to empower those communities , " said Dr Diarra .
 Africa is really the last frontier in not only developing technology that is specific to people 's needs , but eventually even developing new business models that will enable the emergence of local software industries , such as young people who have the skills to be able to write their own applications for their own community ,  he said .
Competition time
In Africa , Microsoft faces strong competition from open - source software , in particular the Linux operating system .
Many use Linux and run free counterparts to the Microsoft Office suite .
Open source gives people more opportunity to adapt applications to their needs Ken Banks from Kiwanja .net has spent 15 years developing open source applications in Africa and feels that the battle between proprietary and open - source software is changing rapidly .
 Today we 're seeing growing open - source programmer , developer communities in South Africa , Ghana , Kenya , Nigeria and other African countries .
 Clearly , if you have this informal programming sector coming up , access to source code is almost critical if they are going to be able to take advantage of these new tools that are emerging , " he said .
Not all open - source software is hard to use or requires training
Ken Banks
Mr Banks feels that if programmers do not have access to source code , then much of the empowerment that Microsoft talks about , is blocked .
He also feels that even the cost of open - source software is over - exaggerated .
 Not all open - source software is hard to use or requires training , " he said .
" In - fact many users would n't really be that interested in source code at all , they would simply download binaries and run those ,  said Mr Banks .
Binaries are simply the installation files of a given application - rather than the core code .
 Open Office runs exactly like Microsoft Office but you do n't need to worry about the source code being made available if you are not really that interested in getting stuck into it ,  he added .
Affordability and invention
One major criticism levied at Microsoft is the cost of owning its software .
However , Dr Diarra feels that the question of affordability can be overcome by simply changing the business model .
 You buy Microsoft software , and you buy it once and for all , the cost that we tell you is the total cost for ownership .
While others may even offer the software for free , Microsoft offers support 24/ 7 for all customers , so any problems encountered can be resolved without paying extra .
Microsoft has also faced criticism for one of the new programs it has developed for emerging markets , called Vine .
This helps people communicate after a disaster where the infrastructure has been destroyed or put out of commission .
For Ken Banks from Kiwanja.net ,
Vine replicates software already developed for such a need .
 There are already a number of tools out there , including Ushahidi.com , which is doing a very similar thing .
 Microsoft are basically trying to own the space through the development and creation of Vine .
 I do n't know if people really want to have crowd - sourcing , crisis systems such as that being controlled by a single organisation who would decide what upgrades are done , when they are done , and when they are released .
 People are far more comfortable working on things like Ushahidi.com , which has managed to mobilise a large number of developers all around the world including Africa ,  added Mr Banks .
Digital Planet is broadcast on BBC World Service on Tuesday at 1232 GMT and repeated at 1632 GMT , 2032 GMT and on Wednesday at 0032 GMT .
You can listen online or download the podcast .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A federal law governing hate speech violates Canadians ' charter rights to freedom of expression , the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal has ruled .
The development could give more ammunition to those who complain that the Canadian Human Rights Commission , which refers cases to the tribunal , is engaging in censorship by attempting to restrict what people say on the Internet .
The decision , released in Ottawa Wednesday , also seems to call into question whether the tribunal should be involved at all in policing online content through Section 13 of the Canadian Human Rights Act .
Story continues below advertisement
" This case raises questions about the substance of the law itself , " said Michael Geist , a University of Ottawa law professor who holds the Canada Research Chair in Internet and E- commerce Law .
" This will only build the momentum for another examination of how we approach this . "
At issue was a complaint lodged with the tribunal against Marc Lemire , webmaster of freedomsite.org .
Ottawa lawyer Richard Warman alleged that the messages posted on the site were discriminatory and exposed minority groups to " hatred and contempt , " key language under Section 13 of the law .
Mr. Lemire responded by requesting that the law be " declared inoperative " because it is inconsistent with the Charter of Rights and Freedoms .
Tribunal member Athanasios Hadjis agreed .
He wrote in the ruling that the law was originally intended to be " remedial , preventative and conciliatory in nature , " rather than a means to hand out penalties .
Section 13 defines it as " discriminatory " for an individual or group " to communicate telephonically or to cause to be so communicated … any matter that is likely to expose a person or persons to hatred or contempt " based on characteristics such as race , religion , sexual orientation , and so on .
Advocates call the law a necessary control on hate speech in an age where the Internet makes the spread of messages easier and faster .
Opponents say it 's censorship and has no place in a free society .
The tribunal 's decision , which will likely be appealed , is not binding beyond Mr. Lemire 's case .
However , it moves the debate forward , said University of Windsor law professor Richard Moon .
" It creates a new situation in which all the different legal and political actors have to think about what their response is , " Prof .
Moon said .
Story continues below advertisement
In 2008 , Prof .
Moon wrote a report for the CHRC about the role of Section 13 in the Internet age that said the law should be repealed .
He wrote that Internet use means that " any attempt to exclude all racial or other prejudice from the public discourse would require extraordinary intervention by the state . "
But Mr. Warman , who brought the case , disagrees .
" There is no unlimited right to speech , " he said .
" The fact is , this was a hate website and it attracted hate . "
Mr. Warman cited postings by a visitor to freedomsite.org that , in a separate case , the tribunal called " as vile as one can imagine and not only discriminatory , but threatening to the victims . "
Mr. Lemire said webmasters are not responsible for content on message boards .
" It 's not for the state to … decide what beliefs we can have , " he said .
" People should n't be put through a six - year - long hearing even if they 're Nazis , even if they 're communists , even if they 're racists . "
Story continues below advertisement
Bernie Farber , the CEO of the Canadian Jewish Congress , said all hate speech is a potential trigger .
" Racist war , from the ethnic cleansing in Cambodia , to the Balkans , to Darfur , to the Holocaust , did not start in a vacuum , " he said .
" Hateful words do have an effect . …
The Internet cannot and should not be a wild frontier where anything goes . "
NEW YORK --
At the Greenwich Village restaurant Commerce , cash is off the menu .
In the latest encroachment of credit and debit cards onto the greenback 's turf , the high - end New York City restaurant said goodbye to dollars and cents this week .
The message to diners :
Tip in cash if you wish , but otherwise , your money is no good here .
Americans ...
We must create a new environmental ethic , where improving the rights and opportunities of women is valued , and this is exactly what Population Media Center is doing .
By : Kathlene Carney
End
-- Around the world , as many as one in every three women has been beaten , coerced into sex , or abused in some other way - most often by someone she knows , including her husband or another male family member ; one woman in four has been abused during pregnancy .
Violence against women has been called the most pervasive , yet least recognized , set of human rights violations in the world .
The need to address this global problem is urgent , not only from a human rights perspective but also because empowering women is a key component to advancing sustainable economic development , reducing poverty , improving health , and stabilizing population numbers worldwide .
Unfortunately , women continue to be discriminated against every day - examples of which include gender - based violence , forced marriage and childbearing , economic marginalization , and harmful traditional practices such as female genital mutilation .
To create a more sustainable society , we must address the attitudes and behaviors that perpetuate subjugation of women .
To achieve a world in balance we need to change human behavior and ensure that all people are provided with both education and opportunity .
This will not only raise living standards , but it will allow for informed decisions about childbearing and family size .
However , when half of a country 's population - the women - are deprived of these opportunities , realizing such goals becomes impossible .
We must create a new environmental ethic , where improving the rights and opportunities of women is valued and understood as a critical element in achieving global sustainability .
And this is exactly what the international communications organization Population Media Center ( PMC ) is doing .
The media is one of the most powerful influencers of human behavior and it has the ability to reach millions of people at once .
PMC harnesses the power of the mass media and popularity of dramas ( otherwise known as soap operas or telenovelas ) in order to create large - scale social change .
To achieve this , PMC produces radio and television dramas with characters that evolve into role models for the audience .
For example in Nigeria , PMC produced and broadcast a radio drama titled Gugar Goge ( " Tell It To Me Straight " ) .
The drama was about a young Nigerian girl named Kande who is forced into marriage when she is only 11 - years - old .
At the very young age of 12 , she finds herself married and giving birth to her first child .
However , problems arise during her labor because her young body is not yet ready to give birth and her husband does not allow her to see a skilled birth attendant .
After suffering from an obstructed labor for several days , Kande 's baby dies and she is left with a condition called obstetric fistula , which literally translates to " a hole , " causing her to leak urine and feces .
Kande 's husband then throws her out on to the streets because of her incontinence and the resulting smell .
Kande 's situation is one that is all too common in Nigeria , where obstetric fistula is a widespread problem .
While nearly all cases of obstetric fistula are preventable and treatable , it is estimated that at least 2 million women in Africa , Asia , and the Arab region are living with the condition , and some 50,000 to 100,000 new cases develop each year .
Kande finds herself in the same predicament as the millions of women suffering worldwide , but she learns that fistula is treatable and is supported by her family to seek treatment .
At the end of this episode , PMC ran an epilogue telling listeners where they too could get treatment for their condition and provided them with information about fistula repair centers .
As a result , 43 % of people seeking fistula repair cited PMC 's program as the reason they were seeking services .
One listener , named Halima identified with Kande 's story .
She too was married off young , at just 15 - years - old .
Then while giving birth to her second child at the age of 19 , she also suffered from an obstructed labor .
Her husband would not allow her to see a professional birth attendant .
Luckily , the baby survived , but Halima developed a fistula .
Her husband then forced her out of the house .
Sick and desperate with nowhere to go , Halima went to live with her parents .
For two years she suffered from the condition , until one day she began listening to Gugar Goge .
She listened with her parents every week , following Kande 's story closely , as it reminded her so much of her own life .
And this is how Halima and her parents learned that she no longer needed to suffer from this terrible condition , and like Kande , she went to seek treatment , and her fistula was successfully repaired .
Halima is now healthy and able to care for her baby .
To learn more about how improving the status of women can positively impact almost all of the most pressing problems we face today and how PMC 's programs are changing the lives of millions around the world , please visit www.populationmedia.org.
Even the media is starting to call out republicans over their seriously ridiculous protests against President Obama -- who dared to give a back to school speech to the children .
Usually the teabagger brigade compares Obama to Hitler or a socialist , but Joe Watkins ( former Bush 41 guy ) came up with a new and even more stupid argument than usual .
Parents can't compete with his charisma ---- ergo he should n't speak to the kids .
Huh ?
Watkins :
This president is not an ordinary president .
He 's one of the most gifted speakers that the world has ever seen .
He 's gifted , he 's charismatic and when he speaks he speaks with tremendous authority and great conviction and with tremendous persuasion .
And it 's one thing to talk to adult who maybe have the ability to discern between right or wrong or whether they agree or disagree .
The challenge becomes the parents when he talks to their kids about the present , he 's so persuasive , he 's campaigning for the hearts and minds of the kids .
Today 's speech was fine .... but what moms and dads are afraid of is that what happens when kids who can't distinguish what moms or dads can when the Defense of Marriage is repealed or the act comes up to ...
Dr. Nancy : Joe , Joe , he did n't slip , there was no gotcha in this speech , you know that , there was nothing like that here .
Watkins :
No , but we know they 'll be other times when the president will make very strong and compelling arguments for issues that moms and dads do n't agree with .
Usually , this would be the perfect trait that American appreciate in a president , so he could be a positive influence on the kids of America .
Telling them that cutting class and to study hard is what they need to hear , but not to republicans .
And Watkins turns it into a gay bashing segment .
Is Joe saying that the president will schedule a speech to school kids in favor and talk about the Defense of Marriage Act ?
Is he kidding me ?
Even Chuck
Todd looked at Watkins like he had an alien brain .
Todd : Joe , it sounds like you 're worried the president 's going to be too popular with kids .
I guess ... is that the concern that if he were less charismatic you'd be OK with him speaking to children ?
Watkins :
No , not at all .... he's so popular and persuasive that parents do n't want to compete with that
Say , what ?
Liar , liar , Watkins ' pants are on fire .
As long as the president is conservative then that president can speak to the kids every single day .
I 'm waiting for conservatives to ban their children from ever watching an Obama speech or interview .
Republicans have become freaks since they 've let the teabaggers take over their party .
In 1988 , when I addressed the U.S. Congress on the dangers of global warming , I warned leaders that it was time to stop waffling .
Humans were changing the climate in new and dangerous ways and we needed to take action .
At the time , I knew we could expect stiff resistance from the usual suspects , but if you had told me that 20 years later , one of the most stubborn holdouts would be a self - interested Canada , I would n't have believed you .
That 's because then , as now , Canadians are a compassionate people , concerned about the environment and the role their government plays on the international stage .
And yet , there are few countries I can think of that have done more to undermine international efforts to fight climate change in recent years , than Canada .
The evidence is easy to find :
In California , as recently as April of this year , Minister of Natural Resources Lisa Raitt personally lobbied the governor of California to oppose a law that would curb California 's appetite for carbon - intensive fuels , and would dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
In Bali , Indonesia , Canadian officials worked behind the scenes to scuttle a potential climate deal by insisting that developing countries make emission cuts they could n't afford to make .
This , while the tiny island nation of Tuvalu , home to some of the world 's first climate refugees , was pleading its case to the international community .
Further afield , in Bonn , Germany , Canada recently refused to join the International Renewable Energy Agency ( IRENA ) whose membership includes almost every developed nation , including the United States , and whose stated goal is : " ... promoting the adoption of renewable energy worldwide . "
In your own backyard , 74 per cent of Canadians believe the government should do more to protect the environment ( Harris / Decima , Aug. 23 , 2009 ) , and yet this past month , Environment Minister Jim Prentice made a pitch for a pipeline project to send tar sands oil from Alberta to British Columbia , where it would be loaded onto supertankers and shipped to Asia , all in a bid to avoid North American climate regulations and to , in his words , " keep the market honest . "
How is all of this possible ?
Does the Canadian government know better than its own people what is in the best interests of the country ?
That 's a dangerous delusion , and it's one I 've seen before in my own country .
" It 's not time , " " Wait and see , " " It 's someone else 's turn " – these stalls are the opposite of leadership , and in the climate era , they are downright dangerous .
There 's a small price for being too early , but a huge penalty for being too late when it comes to fighting climate change .
The huge penalty , in Canada 's case , ranges from species extinction and extreme weather events , such as raging forest fires and tornadoes , to losses in agricultural productivity and new security threats posed by terrorism and the prospect of climate refugees .
When Prime Minister Stephen Harper meets with President Barack Obama in Washington this week to discuss clean energy and climate , I hope the Canadian public and media keep him honest .
Close attention should be paid to any special treatment Harper attempts to gain for Canada 's tar sands , your country 's fastest growing source of greenhouse gas emissions , and a problematic industry linked to serious environmental degradation and human health issues .
If he 's still lobbying for " intensity targets , " or pitting one part of the country against the other under a hard cap , you 'll know he 's stalling .
When it comes to fighting climate change , the will of Canadians is clear .
The world is waiting to hear your voice and to see your country take action .
You just need a government that 's willing to actually represent you , free of distortion , beholden to no other special interest besides the best interest of Canadians .
That 's true leadership , and in the climate era , it 's a prerequisite for survival .
James Hansen is a world - renowned climatologist and adjunct professor at Columbia University .
He is the 2009 recipient of the Carl - Gustaf Rossby Research Medal , the highest honour bestowed by the American Meteorological Society .
* Shoppers can ‘ click and buy ’ new vehicles online
* To roll out nationwide if California pilot succeeds
* Tie -up expands existing partnership on used cars ( Adds GM ’s tie - up with eBay on used cars , details on eBay ’s car auction business )
DETROIT , Aug 10 ( Reuters ) - General Motors Co [ GM.UL ] and eBay Inc EBAY .
O are launching a test program in California that will allow consumers to negotiate with dealers and buy new vehicles online , the companies said on Monday .
The car shopping website -- gm.ebay.com -- marks a departure from the way new vehicles have traditionally been sold in the United States and is aimed at helping GM recapture lost market share a month after it emerged from bankruptcy .
The online marketplace provides the No. 1 U.S. automaker with a new venue to sell new vehicles as it cuts the number of U.S. dealerships by more than 40 percent to 3,600 by the end of 2010 as part of its efforts to return to profitability .
It also expands an existing partnership covering GM ’s certified used vehicles sold through eBay .
Most of the vehicles sold on eBay Motors -- a site that sells various types of vehicles and auto parts -- have been used .
More than 225 GM dealers in California are participating in the program , which will run from Aug. 11 through Sept. 8 . GM said it intends to expand the program nationwide if the pilot helps it reach new customers and gain market share .
The website allows consumers to compare pricing across models and participating dealerships , negotiate prices , and arrange financing and payment .
Consumers can agree to pay the advertised price or indicate the price they are willing to pay and can negotiate online with the dealer for the vehicle .
More than 20,000 new Chevrolet , Buick , GMC and Pontiac vehicles will be listed initially on the site .
California , which has been dominated by import brands over the past several years , is the most populous U.S. state and the single largest market for new vehicles .
Car sales have been hit harder in California than in other states over the past quarter because of the severity of the housing market slump there .
“ It ’s a critical market for us and critical time for the company .
Anything we can do to provide exposure to the products where we are underserved is clearly good news , ” GM U.S. sales chief Mark LaNeve said on a conference call .
“ It ’s been incredibly hit by the recession .
We think it really needs a shot in the arm , ” he said .
GM ’s market share in California is hovering in the 13 percent to 13.5 percent range , trailing its national average of 19.5 percent .
GM , which lost $ 82 billion over the past four years , is trying to revamp its image and win back consumer trust after completing a bankruptcy restructuring steered by the Obama administration .
GM has lost market share for years to import brands led by Toyota Motor Corp 7203.T , now No. 2 in the U.S. market with a 17 percent share .
A recent J.D. Power & Associates study said more than 75 percent of new vehicle buyers in 2008 used the Internet during their shopping and research process , compared with 70 percent in 2007 .
The decline in U.S. auto sales to their lowest level in nearly three decades this year has hurt automakers , parts suppliers , dealers and virtually every company in the automotive sector , including eBay .
The online auction company ’s gross merchandise volume -- a data point closely watched by analysts that measures the total value of goods sold on eBay -- has been hit in recent years as the downturn in auto sales continued .
In the second quarter ended June 30 , the company posted a 32 percent drop in vehicles gross merchandise volume compared to the year - ago quarter .
Link of the day - If You Sell Links On Your Site , I Will Buy Them Off You
The reason the Indians remain in Cleveland is because Dick Jacobs bought the franchise in 1986 .
That 's the real legacy of the Tribe owner from 1986 - 2001 who died Friday at the age of 83 .
But there is so much more .
Jacobs loved to tell stories about growing up in the Goodyear Heights area of Akron .
His first job was mowing neighborhood lawns .
His next stop was Swenson's , a legendary Akron hamburger joint where car hops still roam .
Jacobs once bragged to me that he started as a potato peeler for french fries .
" After a year in the kitchen , I worked my way up to carhop , " he said .
" You wanted to get to the big cars first .
I could spot a Caddy coming two blocks away .
I 'd get my big foot out there and tell the other ( carhops ) , ' That one is mine . '
I figured which cars had the best tippers , and I made sure they were the ones I waited on . "
Jacobs always wanted to be the first in line to get the best deal , and he did that with the Indians .
When Jacobs and his brother David made their bid to purchase the Indians in 1986 , the franchise was owned by a dead man , the estate of Steve O'Neill .
His nephew , Pat O'Neill , was put in charge of finding an owner .
We both had attended Benedictine High School , and that gave Pat O'Neill a comfort zone in talking to me about the pressure he felt to find a new owner for the franchise during the nearly two years he was the team 's caretaker .
" I gotta find a Cleveland guy , " he said .
" And it has to be a guy who can get a ballpark built , or the team will move . "
Pat O'Neill also knew that a good chunk of the sales price would go to the Catholic Diocese of Cleveland , and he wanted to secure the best price for that charity .
There were out - of - town interests offering more money for the Indians , but Pat O'Neill was convinced that Jacobs could " get it done , " as O'Neill told me .
" Dick came in and his words were , ' Is this team for sale ?
No messing around , ' " O' Neill told me .
" These are our kind of guys , they will keep the team here . "
With Jacobs , business was very , very serious .
When Jacobs bought the team , his company owned 40 shopping malls across the country .
The former carhop was estimated to be worth $ 500 million by Forbes Magazine in 1986 and he owned 18 Wendy 's hamburger franchises .
When the sale of the Indians was announced at $ 40 million , it actually amounted to $ 18 million in cash , $ 3 million to pay back a loan to the O'Neill estate and another $ 14 million in loans owned to various banks from deals made by previous Tribe owners .
Then consider that he sold the team to the Larry Dolan family for $ 323 million after the 1999 season .
He also pocketed about $ 50 million in a public stock sale .
Jacobs once told me that he lost about $ 40 million on the Indians from 1986 - 93 , but financial documents made public after the team sold stock reveal the Indians pocketed about $ 55 million between 1994 - 99 .
So Dick Jacobs made one the best deals in a lifetime of great deals .
But he also was a good deal for the Indians and their fans .
• • •
Only a Cleveland power broker and dealmaker like Jacobs could have tiptoed through all the self - serving mine fields that are a part of politics in Northeast Ohio .
Jacobs knew when to apply just the right amount of pressure that could come from the heavy hand of a man who was part of the downtown redevelopment in the 1990s .
When former Browns owner Art Modell wanted Jacobs and the Indians to help renovate the old Municipal Stadium so both teams could play there ( with Modell as landlord ) , Jacobs told me , " It 's hard for two guys to share the same lunchbox . "
It took eight years from the time he purchased the team to the formation of the Gateway Corporation , the passage of the sin tax and the construction of what became Jacobs Field .
In the meantime , he hired former Baltimore Orioles general manager Hank Peters to build up the Tribe farm system .
He gave Peters the cash to spend on scouts and minor league coaches .
He allowed Peters to hire and train young executives such as John Hart , Mark Shapiro and Dan O'Dowd .
Jacobs also withstood the public criticism for all the losing in the late 1980s and early 1990s as his baseball people needed time to build a strong foundation -- while Jacobs maneuvered to turn his field of dreams into a sparkling new stadium at East 9th and Carnegie Avenue .
Jacobs had the wealth to take the financial hit during those first eight years .
He had the vision to hire good people and trust them to do their jobs .
He had the inner toughness not to be swayed by public or media opinion .
When Major League Baseball expanded from four to six divisions in 1994 , Jacobs ignored the advice of some in his marketing department and moved the Indians out of the East -- where they had solid gate attractions with games against the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox .
Instead , his team joined Milwaukee , Kansas City , Chicago and Minnesota as part of the Central Division , where Jacobs believed that the fresh cash coming in from the new ballpark would give his franchise a competitive advantage .
The Indians had not been to a World Series since 1954 , but Jacobs had a vision of the Indians winning the new Central Division .
He could see it , just as he could picture a shopping mall in a dusty infield , a ballpark in a blighted section of a supposedly depressed city .
He really was the right man at the right time .
• • •
Jacobs also was lucky .
As the Indians moved into a new ballpark in 1994 , Cleveland was beginning one of its most prosperous economic periods since World War II .
That made Jacobs
Field very attractive to corporations to buy suites luxury seats .
Then , the Browns moved after the 1995 season to Baltimore because Jacobs got a new stadium and Modell did not .
The Cavaliers were mired in mediocrity with only the hardcore basketball fans paying attention .
The Indians suddenly emerged as the only real sports show in town , with a flashy new ballpark , a payroll in baseball 's top 10 and a collection of young stars and solid veterans ready to rule a division without the powerhouses from New York and Boston .
They went to the playoffs every year from 1995 - 99 .
Jacobs enjoyed the winning .
He told me that he liked to stand in his suite , watching the waves of fans wearing Wahoo red , white and blue pour through the gates , walking around the ballpark , believing they had just entered a baseball Disneyland in downtown Cleveland .
He also made sure his team had a profit margin of at least 8 percent beginning in 1995 , as several Tribe insiders told me .
He was willing to pay for stars , but not spend wildly .
He rarely went to press conferences , but did appreciate the attention that came from having a team that went to the World Series in 1995 and 1997 in a town starved for a winner .
But by the late 1990s , Jacobs knew it was coming to an end .
He told friends that the advantage that the Tribe had from the new ballpark ( and the revenue it produced ) was over .
He said the sellout streak that reached 455 also could not last forever .
Detroit and so many other teams were building new facilities .
The real money was now cable TV , and the bigger the market , the bigger the cut .
Cleveland could never compete with New York , Chicago , Boston and Los Angeles on that economic field .
Jacobs also was convinced that the Indians would not be able to retain young stars such as Manny Ramirez and Jim Thome , and he did n't relish the idea of owning the team when they left via free agency and the Tribe began to slip in the standings .
So he cashed out after the 1999 season , running up the price on the Dolan family to $ 323 million -- slightly more than even the much larger market Los Angeles Dodgers were sold for in that same period .
He squeezed out every last dollar in an auction run by Goldman Sachs to find a new Tribe owner .
A few of Jacobs ' critics told me that on his tombstone should read : HE BOUGHT LOW , HE SOLD HIGH .
Or another said , " With Dick Jacobs , the bottom line always was the bottom line . "
That indeed was part of the man .
But that aspect of his personality is why the Indians were revived under him , why the ballpark was built , and why Tribe fans had more fun during his regime than any time before or since over the last 50 years .
It 's why I consider him the best owner in the history of Cleveland sports .
It 's why we can still go downtown to what remains a very nice ballpark and watch baseball on a summer evening -- and that means a lot to baseball fans all over Northeast Ohio .
Brisbane 's population will grow at nearly twice the rate of Sydney 's , more than doubling in the next 40 years , federal Treasury has projected .
Speaking at the Queensland University of Technology yesterday , Treasury secretary Ken Henry said Brisbane 's population would hit 4 million by the year 2049 .
Dr Henry voiced fears that Australia might be unable to handle another 13 million people by 2049 without serious environmental losses .
'' With a population of 22 million , we have n't managed to find accommodation with the environment , '' he said .
'' Our record has been poor , and in my view , we are not well placed to deal effectively with the environmental challenges posed by a population of 35 million . ''
The recent death of Norman Borlaug provides an opportune moment to reflect on basic values and on our economic system .
Borlaug received the Nobel peace prize for his work in bringing about the " green revolution " , which saved hundreds of millions from hunger and changed the global economic landscape .
Before Borlaug , the world faced the threat of a Malthusian nightmare : growing populations in the developing world and insufficient food supplies .
Consider the trauma a country like India might have suffered if its population of half a billion had remained barely fed as it doubled .
Before the green revolution , the Nobel prize - winning economist Gunnar Myrdal predicted a bleak future for an Asia mired in poverty .
Instead , Asia has become an economic powerhouse .
Likewise , Africa 's welcome new determination to fight the war on hunger should serve as a living testament to Borlaug .
The fact that the green revolution never came to the world 's poorest continent , where agricultural productivity is just one - third of Asia 's , suggests that there is ample room for improvement .
The green revolution may , of course , prove to be only a temporary respite .
Soaring food prices before the global financial crisis provided a warning , as does the slowing rate of growth of agricultural productivity .
India 's agriculture sector , for example , has fallen behind the rest of its dynamic economy , living on borrowed time , as levels of ground water , on which much of the country depends , fall precipitously .
But Borlaug 's death at 95 also is a reminder of how skewed our system of values has become .
When Borlaug received news of the award , at four in the morning , he was already toiling in the Mexican fields , in his never - ending quest to improve agricultural productivity .
He did it not for some huge financial compensation , but out of conviction and a passion for his work .
What a contrast between Borlaug and the Wall Street financial wizards who brought the world to the brink of ruin .
They argued that they had to be richly compensated in order to be motivated .
Without any other compass , the incentive structures they adopted did motivate them – not to introduce new products to improve ordinary people ' lives or to help them manage the risks they faced , but to put the global economy at risk by engaging in short - sighted and greedy behaviour .
Their innovations focused on circumventing accounting and financial regulations designed to ensure transparency , efficiency , and stability , and to prevent the exploitation of the less informed .
There is also a deeper point in this contrast : our societies tolerate inequalities because they are viewed to be socially useful ; they are the price we pay for having incentives that motivate people to act in ways that promote societal wellbeing .
Neoclassical economic theory , which has dominated in the west for a century , holds that each individual 's compensation reflects his marginal social contribution – what he adds to society .
By doing well , it is argued , people do good .
But Borlaug and our bankers refute that theory .
If neoclassical theory were correct , Borlaug would have been among the wealthiest men in the world , while our bankers would have been lining up at soup kitchens .
Of course , there is a grain of truth in neoclassical theory ; if there were not , it probably would n't have survived as long as it has ( though bad ideas often survive in economics remarkably well ) .
Nevertheless , the simplistic economics of the 18th and 19th centuries , when neoclassical theories arose , are wholly unsuited to 21st century economies .
In large corporations , it is often difficult to ascertain the contribution of any individual .
Such corporations are rife with " agency " problems : while decision - makers ( CEOs ) are supposed to act on behalf of their shareholders , they have enormous discretion to advance their own interests – and they often do .
Bank officers may have walked away with hundreds of millions of dollars , but everyone else in our society – shareholders , bondholders , taxpayers , homeowners , workers – suffered .
Their investors are too often pension funds , which also face an agency problem , because their executives make decisions on behalf of others .
In such a world , private and social interests often diverge , as we have seen so dramatically in this crisis .
Does anyone really believe that America 's bank officers suddenly became so much more productive , relative to everyone else in society , that they deserve the huge compensation increases they have received in recent years ?
Does anyone really believe that America 's CEOs are that much more productive than those in other countries , where compensation is more modest ?
Worse , in America stock options became a preferred form of compensation – often worth more than an executive 's base pay .
Stock options reward executives generously even when shares rise because of a price bubble – and even when comparable firms ' shares are performing better .
Not surprisingly , stock options create strong incentives for short - sighted and excessively risky behaviour , as well as for " creative accounting " , which executives throughout the economy perfected with off - balance - sheet shenanigans .
The skewed incentives distorted our economy and our society .
We confused means with ends .
Our bloated financial sector grew to the point that in the United States it accounted for more than 40 % of corporate profits .
But the worst effects were on our human capital , our most precious resource .
Absurdly generous compensation in the financial sector induced some of our best minds to go into banking .
Who knows how many Borlaugs there might have been among those enticed by the riches of Wall Street and the City of London ?
If we lost even one , our world was made immeasurably poorer .
Copyright : Project Syndicate , 2009
EVE
Online 's largest player - controlled virtual bank , Ebank , just can't seem to catch a break these days .
A few months after it was revealed that the company had been defrauded of a staggering amount of cash , it turns out that the institution 's digital vaults are far more barren than many realized , leading to an in - game freezing of accounts for any individual or organization that happened to have invested any InterStellar Kredits ( ISK ) with the bank .
Early this summer , it came to light that a veteran EVE player ( known only as " Ricdic " ) had embezzled — and then sold in the real world — over 200 billion ISK from Ebank , causing a run on the virtual financial institution .
However , this was just the beginning of the problems for the player - owned bank .
Recently installed Ebank Chairman Ray McCormack admitted that the bank had been mismanaged , and rules , safeguards , and controls were not enforced .
As a result , it 's been revealed that Ebank is 380 billion ISK poorer thanks to a number of defaulted loans .
Because of the aforementioned mismanagement , it apparently took the bank 's new officers a while to figure out just how far in the red their institution is .
At the moment , customer accounts will remain frozen until the bank manages to stabilize .
According to McCormack , " withdrawals will be allowed once the bank achieves a maintainable equity status of 90 % ( 1.8t currently ) ; they will be stopped again should that fall below 80 % . "
The main problem with Ebank 's account freezing is that it could do some serious harm to the game 's economy , mainly because players wo n't be able to withdraw their funds in order to pay for in - game goods and services .
Exactly how long a recovery will take is currently anyone 's guess , though , as it turns out that the board of directors revealed that the bank is currently facing a deficit of roughly 1.2 trillion ISK , with the amount increasing by approximately 12 billion ISK a month .
Can you believe you eyes ?!
This tomato soup salt pot is the loveliest creation I ’ve ever seen …
Inna at GlinkaCeramics makes one of a kind ceramics that are a wonderful combination of quirky , artful , and useful . …
What is Ficl ?
Ficl is a programming language interpreter designed to be embedded into other systems as a command , macro , and development prototyping language .
Ficl is an acronym for " Forth Inspired Command Language " .
Ficl Features
Ficl is easy to port .
It typically takes under 2 hours to port to a new platform .
Ficl is written in strict ANSI C .
Ficl can run natively on 32 - and 64 - bit processors .
Ficl has a small memory footprint .
A fully featured Win32 console version takes less than 100 K of memory , and a minimal version is less than half that .
Ficl is easy to integrate into your program .
Where most Forths view themselves as the center of the system and expect the rest of the system to be coded in Forth , Ficl acts as a component of your program .
It is easy to export code written in C or ASM to Ficl ( in the style of TCL ) , or to invoke Ficl code from a compiled module .
Ficl is fast .
Thanks to its " switch - threaded " virtual machine design , Ficl 4 is faster than ever — about 3 x the speed of Ficl 3 .
Ficl also features blindingly fast " just in time " compiling , removing the " compile " step from the usual compile - debug - edit iterative debugging cycle .
Ficl is a complete and powerful programming language .
Ficl is an implementation of the FORTH language , a language providing a wide range of standard programming language features : Integer and floating - point numbers , with a rich set of operators .
Arrays .
File I/O .
Flow control ( if / then / else and many looping structures ) .
and many looping structures ) .
Subroutines with named arguments .
Language extensibility .
Powerful code pre-processing features .
Ficl is standards - compliant .
Ficl conforms to the 1994 ANSI Standard for FORTH ( DPANS94 ) .
See ANS Required Information for more detail .
Ficl is extensible .
Ficl is extensible both at compile - time and at run-time .
You can add new script functions , new native functions , even new control structures .
Ficl adds object oriented programming features .
Ficl 's flexible OOP library can be used to wrap data structures or classes of the host system without altering them .
( And remember how we said Ficl was extensible ?
Ficl 's object - oriented programming extensions are written in Ficl . )
Ficl is interactive .
Ficl can be used interactively , like most other FORTHs , Python , and Smalltalk .
You can inspect data , run commands , or even define new commands , all on a running Ficl VM .
Ficl also has a built - in script debugger that allows you to step through Ficl code as it is executed .
Ficl is ROMable .
Ficl is designed to work in RAM based and ROM code / RAM data environments .
Ficl is safe for multithreaded programs .
Ficl is reentrant and thread - safe .
After initialization , it does not write to any global data .
Ficl is open - source and free .
The Ficl licence is a BSD - style license , requiring only that you document that you are using Ficl .
There are no licensing costs for using Ficl .
What 's New In Ficl 4.0 ?
Ficl 4.0 is a major change for Ficl .
Ficl 4.0 is smaller , faster , more powerful , and easier to use than ever before .
( Or your money back ! )
Ficl 4.0 features a major engine rewrite .
Previous versions of Ficl stored compiled words as an array of pointers to data structure ; Ficl 4.0 adds " instructions " , and changes over to mostly using a " switch - threaded " model .
The result ?
Ficl 4.0 is approximately three times as fast as Ficl 3.03 .
Ficl 4.0 also adds the ability to store the " softcore " words as LZ77 compressed text .
Decompression is so quick as to be nearly unmeasurable ( 0.00384 seconds on a 750MHz AMD Duron - based machine ) .
And even with the runtime decompressor , the resulting Ficl executable is over 13 k smaller !
Another new feature : Ficl 4.0 can take advantage of native support for double - word math .
If your platform supports it , set the preprocessor symbol FICL_HAVE_NATIVE_2INTEGER to 1 , and create typedefs for ficl2 Integer and ficl2 Unsigned .
Ficl 4.0 also features a retooled API , and a redesigned directory tree .
The API is now far more consistent .
But for those of you who are upgrading from Ficl 3.03 or before , you can enable API backwards compatibility by turning on the compile - time flag FICL_WANT_COMPATIBILITY .
Ficl 4.0 also extends support every kind of local and global value imaginable .
Every values can individually be local or global , single - cell or double - cell , and integer or floating - point .
And TO always does the right thing .
If you 're using Ficl under Windows , you 'll be happy to know that there 's a brand - new build process .
The Ficl build process now builds Ficl as a static library ( .LIB ) ,
a dynamic library ( .DLL , with a . LIB import library ) , and
a standalone executable ( .EXE ) .
Furthermore , each of these targets can be built in Debug or Release , Singlethreaded or Multithreaded , and optionally using the DLL version of the C runtime library for Multithreaded builds .
( And , plus , the / objects / common nonsense is gone ! )
Finally , Ficl 4.0 adds a contrib directory , a repository for user - contributed code that is n't part of the standard Ficl release .
The only package there right now is XClasses , a Python - based IDL that generates the definition files for C++- based classes , the equivalent Ficl classes , and code to allow the Ficl classes to call the C++ methods .
Using XClasses you can write your class once , and use it immediately from both C++ and Ficl .
Getting Ficl
You can download Ficl from the Ficl download page at Sourceforge .
Pot advocates think legalization is nearer
Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close
Pot advocates think legalization is nearer 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
Is the smell of revolution in the air at Union Square ?
Or just a whiff of reefer madness ?
The 38th annual national convention for the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws wraps up today at the downtown Grand Hyatt , and groups of medical marijuana users have been casually passing joints on the outdoor patio .
It 's probably what some visitors from Des Moines were afraid would happen when they landed in the marquee city of the Left Coast .
But NORML delegates , basking in the glow of their Barack Obama themed - convention motto - " Yes We Can-nabis " - are convinced this is n't a fringe issue any more .
" There is no doubt that today , Sept. 25 , 2009 , is the moment of genuine zeitgeist to decriminalizing marijuana in America , " said Allen St. Pierre , the executive director of NORML .
" This conference represents that we are at that tipping point . "
Maybe in the Bay Area , but I doubt voters in conservative Orange County will be thrilled to vote for the Regulate , Control , and Tax Cannabis Act of 2010 .
The cannabis act was endorsed Friday by Oakland mayoral candidate and former Senate President Pro Tem Don Perata .
Perata was supposed to appear at the conference , but was ill and was not available for comment .
The act would make it lawful for anyone over the age of 21 to " possess , share , or transport not more than one ounce of cannabis . "
The act is currently gaining signatures in a petition drive to make the ballot , but it seems more like a first step than a popular vote winner .
The same can be said about State Assemblyman Tom Ammiano 's bill , the Marijuana Control , Regulation , and Education Act , which he says could raise as much as $ 1 billion .
Ammiano insists that even right - wingers will see the benefits of legal pot .
" It 's not the wedge issue it once was , " he said after speaking to hundreds of delegates at the NORML morning session .
" When they see that the sales of pot to adults is financing a health clinic , they will see why it will work . "
But until NORML can get a ballot measure passed or can even hold their national convention in someplace other than a liberal stronghold ( their last two conventions have been in the Bay Area ) , it 's a stretch to say they 've reached a tipping point .
NORML might need to see what 's " normal " outside of San Francisco .
Because in Oakland , San Francisco and other Bay Area communities , medical marijuana facilities are a fact of life .
Oakland has begun taxing marijuana sales at medical dispensaries , and there are estimates that between $ 400,000 and $ 500,000 will be raised in the first year .
Ethan Nadelmann , executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance , says open - ended Bay Area pot programs are making the case for decriminalizing .
" People realize the sky has not fallen , " Nadelmann said .
It all sounds logical until you leave the haze of the Hyatt ( the hotel had scented candles burning all around the lobby , presumably to take the edge off the aroma of burning bud . )
I asked Dale Clare , executive director of Oaksterdam University , an Oakland school for those who want to work in the medical marijuana industry , if she really thought they could make a case for decriminalizing pot in Fresno .
" Fresno ? " she said .
" Not so much .
We are probably not going to spend our resources there .
But we are going to have conversations with concerned groups , and by that I mean Christian groups and conservative groups .
I think they will agree that our current drug policy has failed . "
That was the theme through the conference .
A rising tide of acceptance of marijuana is sweeping the country .
It is just that California is leading the way .
Consider , they say , Perata 's endorsement of the pot bill on the ballot .
" Is n't that something ? " said Ammiano .
" He probably thinks it 's good for his mayor 's race . "
A few years ago that would have been political suicide .
But in the lobby of the Hyatt this week , it seems mainstream .
Dude .
On March 16 , 2003 , Rachel Corrie , an American Evergreen College student and member of the International Solidarity Movement ( ISM ) , was run down by a Caterpillar D9R armored bulldozer .
The American made bulldozer that crushed and killed Rachel Corrie was operated by the Israel Defense Forces ( IDF ) .
Rachel died while protesting the destruction of Palestinian homes in the Gaza Strip of Palestine .
Just twenty - three at the time of her death , Rachel was an avid diarist who vividly chronicled her peace and justice actions in Palestine up till the time she died .
The play , My Name Is Rachel Corrie , sponsored by Winograd For Congress this Saturday , August 8th in Los Angeles , is a powerful rendering of Rachel 's writings depicting the plight of Palestinians and Rachel 's lifelong passion for peace .
Progressive Democrat Marcy Winograd , who is challenging blue dog incumbent Jane Harman for California 's 36th Congressional District , brings Rachel 's story to Los Angeles to support President Obama ’s call for the Israeli government to freeze further expansion of Israeli settlements into the Palestinian territory .
As stated by Winograd :
“ When President Obama spoke in Cairo , he urged the Palestinians to abandon violence , but he also said the United States does not accept the legitimacy of Israeli settlements .
Our President spoke passionately about settlements as an obstacle to peace because the intrusions , now numbering over 100 , continue to multiply in the occupied territories , turning a future Palestinian state into bantustans without contiguous borders . ”
Winograd for Congress 2010 has assembled prominent Arabs and Jews to co-sponsor this rare North American reading of My Name Is Rachel Corrie .
Though the award - winning play enjoyed great acclaim at London ’s Royal Court Theater , it was cancelled in New York City after supporters of Israel ’s policies of home demolitions and settlement expansion pressured the New York Theater Workshop to pull it .
Actors Mimi Kennedy and Meredith Dilg will read excerpts from the play on Saturday , August 8th from 5 to 8 pm , at the Levantine Center , 5998 Pico Blvd. , in Los Angeles .
Kennedy , Chair of Progressive Democrats of America , co-stars with James Gandolfini in In The Loop , a newly released , critically acclaimed satirical anti-war film .
Dilg , Kennedy ’s niece , currently plays in " The Lake , " a webisode series directed by Jason Priestley for WB.com .
According to the Israeli Committee Against Home Demolitions ( ICAHD.org ) , Israeli settlements are built on stolen land in the occupied West Bank , as well as in East Jerusalem .
To build a settlement , the Israelis first bulldoze the Palestinian homes , sometimes with only 15 minutes notice , using 64 - ton Caterpillar tractors with ripper blades made to order for the destruction .
Since 1967 , the Israelis have demolished 24,000 homes in violation of international law .
Says Winograd , a co-founder of LA Jews for Peace :
“ I am for universal human rights and the right to keep your home is considered sacred in Jewish tradition .
The TALMUD a rabbinic discussion of Jewish laws , recognizes that owning a home enhances dignity and self - worth .
If we are to promote peace in the Middle East , we must heed Rachel Corrie ’s message of non-violent resistance to human rights violations .
I appreciate President Obama ’s courageous call to action and support his efforts to begin a new peace initiative that holds both sides accountable to just principles . ”
Jane Harman , Winograd ’s opponent in the 36th congressional district , was previously investigated by the FBI for allegedly using her influence in Congress to get spying charges dropped against American Israeli Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) analysts .
Harman voted for resolutions in support of the Israeli siege of Gaza and the invasion of Lebanon and was a featured speaker at the recent AIPAC conference .
In 2006 , after only three months of campaigning , Winograd impressively mobilized nearly 38 % of the vote against wealthy incumbent Harman in the 36th Congressional District , which runs 30 miles from West Los Angeles to San Pedro .
The prestigious coalition of Arab and Jewish sponsors of the Rachel Corrie reading include Marcy Winograd , Winograd for Congress 2010 ; Dr. Anthony Saidy , Founding Vice - Chair Coalition For Peace In The Middle East ; Sami Mashney , Esq. , Publisher , The Independent Monitor ; Jeff Warner & Richer Chertoff , Co-Chairs , LA Jews for Peace : Mashael Moamar , Past Pres. , CDP Arab - American Caucus ; Lillian Laskin , LA Jews for Peace ; Executive Board Member of Westside Progressives ; Rima Nashashibi , Vice - Chair , Democratic Party of Orange County .
_______
About author Linda Milazzo is a Los Angeles based writer , educator and activist .
Since 1974 , she has divided her time between the entertainment industry , government organizations & community development projects , and educational programs .
Linda began her writing career over 30 years ago , starting out in advertising and promotions .
From 1976 to 1989 , she operated an independent public relations service providing specialty writing for individual and corporate clients .
For the past six years , Linda has focused on political writing .
Her essays , letters and commentaries have appeared in domestic and international journals , newspapers , magazines and on dozens of respected news and opinion websites .
She 's an educator and creator of a writers ' program she 's taught privately and in public schools .
She currently facilitates an advocacy writing workshop and is developing an advocacy writing program to be implemented in public and private educational institutions and in community based organizations .
A political and social activist since the Vietnam War , Linda attributes her revitalized - fully - engaged - intense - head - on - non - stop - political activism to the UNFORTUNATE EXISTENCE OF GEORGE W. BUSH and her disgust with greed - ridden American imperialism , environmental atrocities , egregious war , nuclear proliferation , lying leaders , and global tyranny !
Simpletons guide to git
This is simply a " click these buttons " guide to git .
See the last section of the article for more advanced / better guides and resources .
Installing
First , you need to install git .
This differs platform to platform ..
Linux
On UNIX - like systems , use your package manager to install git-core .
You may wish to install git-svn also
For example , on Debian ( and Debian based distributions such as Ubuntu ) :
sudo apt - get install git-core
For Red
Hat based distros like Fedora , just change apt - get to yum .
For other distros I 'm sure you can figure it out !
Mac OS X , using Mac Ports or fink :
After installing Mac Ports run ..
sudo port install git-core
.. or for fink run
fink install git-core
Alternatively , you can use the Git for OS X installer .
Windows
Download and install mysysgit
This install a Cygwin terminal with the git commands available , it also installs git gui but I shall assume you are using Cygwin for this tutorial .
From source :
Assuming you have the required development tools ( sudo apt - get install build - essential on Ubuntu , or the Developer Tools on OS X ) , git is simple to compile from source .
Download source code from git-scm.com , extract it .
In a terminal cd to the extracted directory and run ..
./configure -- prefix= /usr / local / git && make && sudo make install
Add /usr / local / git / bin to your $ PATH
.. alternatively , use the script x - git - update - to - latest - version which uses the latest development version ( which I 've never had a problem with ) - it also deals with installing the man pages , creating symlinks and so on .
Configuration
Now git is setup , there is a few configuration options you should set .
git config -- global user.email me@example.com git config -- global user.name ' Alice McBob '
Those are used to identify who made each commit .
The email is also used by sites like Github to tie commits to your account .
Final option , to get colours in diffs and the git status output , run the following :
git config -- global color.diff auto git config -- global color.status auto
Basics and help
All git commands are of the format :
git [ sub command ] [ arguments ]
All sub-commands have their own help , for example :
git add -h
Also , most commands have their own man-page , which can be accessed using -- help :
git add -- help
This covers the usage of the command in more detail than -h
New repository
Either navigate to your projects folder , or make a new one , cd into it and run :
git init
That is it .
This makes the current folder into a git repository ( as it now contains a .git/ folder ) .
Setting up ignores
Make a file named . gitignore - to this file add the files / folders you wish to ignore , one per line .
A good base ignore file for Python projects :
*.pyc .DS_Store Thumb.db desktop.ini
That ignores all .pyc files , and a few meta - data files created by OS X and Windows .
Note :
The ignore file should be committed to your repository .
If you wish to ignore files in your local repository only , use the .git / info / exclude file instead .
It 's generally best to use . gitignore as this is synced and version - controlled along with your project .
Initial commit
If you run git status you will see all your files are currently " Untracked "
To track all the files ( except those excluded by .gitignore ) , use the git add command on the folder :
git add .
This simply marks the files as " Changes to be committed " - nothing is actually written to the repository , yet .
To commit them into the revision history , run :
git commit
.. this will launch your $ EDITOR asking for a commit message .
You can alternatively specify this on the command line using the -m flag :
git commit -m " Initial commit "
Make changes , see status , commit again
Edit your code .
To see what files have changed :
git status
Example output :
# On branch master # Changed but not updated : # ( use " git add < file > ... " to update what will be committed ) # ( use " git checkout -- < file > ... " to discard changes in working directory ) # # modified : tvnamer_exceptions.py # modified : utils.py
To see a diff of what has changed , run :
git diff
As mentioned in the git status output , to stage the changes in utils .
py simply run :
git add utils.py
Running git status again will now show :
# On branch master # Changes to be committed : # ( use " git reset HEAD < file > ... " to unstage ) # # modified : main.py # # Changed but not updated : # ( use " git add < file > ... " to update what will be committed ) # ( use " git checkout -- < file > ... " to discard changes in working directory ) # # modified : tvnamer_exceptions.py
As before , to commit the changes just run :
git commit
That 's ( sort of ) it
That 's it .
To use git as a local version control system , that 's all you need .
In summary :
mkdir my_project # make project folder cd my_project git init # make new repository # edit your files git add .
# track all files or changes git commit # commit files to revision history # edit your files more git add myfile .py # stage a single file for commiting git commit # commit any staged file
Collaboration
To setup a simple " git server " on a remote linux machine , first ssh to it .
You then need to create a " bare " repository ( basically the contents of the .git folder , without the working copy ) , to do this run :
mkdir myrepo.git cd myrepo.git git init -- bare
Naming the folder myrepo.git is just a convention to signify it 's a bare repository , it can be named anything .
Now , back on your local machine - you need to tell git where your remote repository is , to do this add a " remote " :
git remote add origin myusername@example.com :/some/dir/myrepo.git
To push your changes to this remote you use git push :
git push origin master
master is the default branch name , origin is the server name .
Once you have done this once , in future you can simple run
git push
You can have multiple remotes , for example , origin could be your server , you could have a github remote , a mylaptop remote and so on .
If you are pushing to a remote that is not origin you must specify it :
git push github
Now , say someone else has pushed changed to your example .com server , to get these updates you use git pull :
git pull origin master
Once this has been done once , you should be able to simply run git pull .
Note : git fetch is similar to pull , but fetch does not apply changes to your branch .
Generally you will want to use git pull ( unless you know otherwise )
Github
Setting up your own server is fine , but Github has many advantages , such as a nice repository browser , built - in wiki and issue tracking tools , but the most important thing is the community that surrounds it .
It 's extremely simple and self - explanatory to use .
Signup for an account ( the free one allows you any number of public repositories ) .
Once logged in , click " create a new repository " , enter a project name ( and an optional description and homepage URL )
When you click the " Create Repository " button , it presents you with a condensed version of the above guide , showing you how to configure your username / email , make a new ( local ) repository , add the github remote and push your changes to it !
Additional resources
There ’s a Democratic President .
There are 59 Democratic Senators ( soon to be 60 again . )
The Democrats have a huge majority in the House .
The election provided a mandate for Democrats to solve problems .
So , what is the major thrust of the bill written by Senator Max Baucus , Chair of the Senate Finance Committee ?
Addressing the concerns and needs of Republicans :
The chairman of the Senate Finance Committee said Monday that he will propose an overhaul of the nation ’s health - care system that addresses a host of GOP concerns , including blocking illegal immigrants from gaining access to subsidized insurance , urging limits on medical malpractice lawsuits and banning federal subsidies for abortion .
What a sad joke .
Someone in the Senate better get control of this process .
It ’s embarrassing .
Just embarrassing .
And , Baucus will never , ever be able to assuage the concerns and fears of Republicans .
They want Obama and health insurance reform to fail .
Jed Lewison focuses on another major flaw with the Baucus / GOP bill :
It “ could hit the middle - class hard . ”
That ’s what one would expect from the GOP , not the Democratic Party .
" It was pretty emotional putting the jersey on , on the podium knowing I could wear it as World Champion for the next year , I 've been trying for a long time and it 's just an unreal feeling . "
Easy On The Eyes
As a male , the first thing that comes to my mind is “ awesome ” .
I mean , at least what ’s hanging out is nice , but believe it or not , some people might find this inappropriate attire for shopping online let alone in public .
Florida
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 8.9/10 ( 130 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : +36 ( from 44 votes )
Man watches space shuttle launch ... from his allotment in ENGLAND
A man watched the launch of the space shuttle Discovery in America from his allotment in England .
Donald Lyven , 53 , saw the spaceship lift off in Florida on his television just after 5 am , then amazingly spotted it in the skies near his home just 20 minutes later .
The decorator even captured the Nasa craft on camera as he saw it fly past overhead .
Donald Lyven , 53 , saw the spaceship lift off in Florida just before 5 am ( GMT ) on his TV then spotted outside minutes later
Lift - off : Mr Lyven watched the launch of the Space shuttle Discovery on TV in the early morning
The fainter trail from the spacecraft is from the main fuel tank , which is ditched during launch .
' It was an absolutely magnificent sight and I do n't think many people would have known about it and seen it , ' said Mr Lyven , from Finchley , Herts .
' Because of the angle of the orbit I knew the space shuttle would come over the UK so I watched it take off on TV , then drove to my allotments to see it go past .
' Sure enough 20 minutes later it appeared from the West and it's orange fuel tank was visible for three minutes .
It was remarkable . '
The latest shuttle mission is part of the crew rotation and re-supply of the International Space Station .
The shuttle arrived at the station on Sunday to deliver more than seven tons of food , supplies , equipment and spare parts to the £ 60 billion orbital outpost .
Astronauts have performed two spacewalks so far , removing an empty ammonia tank with the robotic arm and replacing it with a full one .
The new tank is essential for keeping the orbiter cool .
The old one will be returned to Earth on the Discovery shuttle .
The shuttle was also used to ferry a large pressurised container called Leonardo to the station .
It contains a collection of experiments for studying the physics and chemistry of microgravity .
Discovery is due back at the Kennedy Space Centre in Florida on September 10 .
Astronaut Niclole Stott works in the Space Shuttle Discovery 's payload bay just days after launch
Nicole Stott and European Space Agency astronaut Frank De Winne , both Expedition 20 flight engineers , work in the Kibo laboratory of the International Space Station
Nasa are planning to retire the 30 - year - old space shuttle fleet next year .
There are just seven more flights planned to the International Space Station .
After this the U.S will rely on the Russians to ferry astronauts into space .
The U.S. government is currently deciding if it can afford a new space exploration programme .
The Constellation mission is due to take man back to the Moon by 2020 , but may fall at the first hurdle due to budget cuts .
CatCam - Photo Gallery
Mr. Lee Videos
Mr. Lee Adventures - Video 1 Mr. Lee Photographs
Out of the day of Mr. Lee - Trip 1
Out of the day of Mr. Lee - Trip 2
Out of the day of Mr. Lee - Trip 3
Out of the day of Mr. Lee - Trip 4
Out of the day of Mr. Lee - Trip 5
CatCam User Photographs
In the meantime we sold CatCameras to the following countries : Australia , Austria , Belgium , Brazil , Canada , Czech Republic , Denmark , England , Spain , France , Finland , Germany , Greece , Hong Kong , Hungary , Iceland , Ireland , Israel , Italy , Japan , Liechtenstein , Luxembourg , Netherlands , Norway , Poland , Portugal , Russia , Switzerland , Scotland , South Africa , Sweden , Taiwan , USA , Wales , New Zealand .
We got few but very nice feedback .
Here different cats from all over the world show pictures out of their life .
In the speciality section you will find uncommon uses of the CatCam .
If you have pictures you want to share then simply send them to us .
The email address can be found here .
Kevin from Germany Slidell from Philadelphia / USA
Curtis from New York / USA
Kirk from Germany ( northern part ) Xander from Tokio / Japan Cooper from Seattle / USA Agent Goliath , the spy - cat from Switzerland Emily , hide and seek on a farm Calogero , city - cat of Frankfurter / Germany Barnum ( USA ) is an artist for abstract motion pictures Fritz , his great landscape pictures and how he presented the CtaCam on TV .
Attila the maestro in photography Follow Aeneas through his day .
Follow Jacquie ( UK ) through his day .
Binky from Holland Kikki from Australia .
The Robo - Cat with CatCam .
This cat looks more like a dog ?!
CatCam Special Projects
The PacketCam .
A CatCam inside a box is shipped from Munich to Berlin and records the scenes behind the post office counter .
The CowCam .
A CatCam got attached to a cow in the Alps of Switzerland .
Do Highway Users Pay for the Highway System ?
Not Even Close .
We tend to have a few good laughs when Randal O’Toole fires up his Cato computer and weighs in on transportation issues .
It ’s hard to take seriously a man who thinks that having the government tax people to build something which it then gives away for free is the libertarian ideal .
Do federal gas taxes really charge " users " of the highway ?
( Photo : CAP
But occasionally O’Toole provides an opportunity to discuss some interesting aspects of the transportation planning process and learn from his errors .
And so we turn to his latest policy paper , which was released yesterday .
Therein , he writes :
The Interstate Highway System accomplished all of this [ construction of the system ] without any subsidies .
Federal highway user fees paid for 90 percent of the cost of the system , and state highway user fees covered virtually all of the remaining 10 percent .
This brings up an interesting question :
What is a user fee ?
Common sense would suggest that a user fee is a fee paid by a user of something in order to use that something .
A common example might be a train fare .
When one wants to ride a train , one purchases a ticket .
One does n’t purchase a ticket if one does n’t want to ride the train , and one does n’t ride the train without a ticket .
A ticket is specifically meant to extract a fee from a potential user , that that user might then be allowed to use the train .
So do gas taxes count as highway user fees ?
Well , one might pay gas taxes even if one never uses highways .
You pay the gas tax on gas used to drive down local roads or private driveways , or to power lawnmowers and tractors that never even see publicly - funded blacktop .
And one can use highways without ever paying gas taxes .
Anyone able to obtain a vehicle powered by natural gas or electric batteries or canola oil can ride on the federal highway system for thousands of miles and never pay one cent to do so .
So gas taxes are not user fees .
Indeed , the lack of actual user fees is one reason American highways suffer from severe congestion problems ; when you give away something valuable for free — like scarce highway space — it ends up seriously over - consumed .
As a thought experiment , let ’s consider a world in which federal gas taxes functioned more like a user fee .
That is , let ’s imagine that when drivers fill up , they pay a federal gas tax only on the gasoline consumed while driving on federal highways .
That ’s still not really a user fee , but it ’s a little closer .
Light vehicles traveled a total of around 2.8 trillion miles in 2007 , of which about 23 percent were driven on interstate highways , according to the Department of Energy .
If we divide the total number of miles driven on interstates by the weighted average fuel economy of cars and light trucks , we find that about 31 billion gallons of gas were consumed on highways in 2007 .
That ’s a lot !
Next , we know that the Federal Highway Administration budget is around $ 39 billion .
If we assume that truck and diesel revenues are unchanged , then we have about $ 24 billion in highway funding to be covered by a tax on those 31 billion gallons of gas , for an estimated gasoline tax of about 80 cents per gallon .
That ’s an extremely rough estimate .
In fact , the nation ’s light vehicle mileage includes some diesel - burning engines .
If we adjusted the calculations to reflect that , the estimated tax rate would be higher .
Highway fuel economy is also higher than the average figures , which means that the calculations above probably overstate the gallons of gas burned on highways .
This , too , means that the estimated gas tax rate is too low .
An appropriate gas tax rate to cover the annual highway budget — which many argue is far too small — would be on the order of about $ 1 per gallon .
All in all , this should illustrate that if you set aside all the O’Toole hand waving about trust fund revenues shifted to other modes , you still wind up in a world where federal roads come nowhere near paying for themselves .
One final point :
We learned last year that it does n’t take much of an increase in the price of gas to generate reductions in VMT and increases in transit use .
If we adjusted the current price of a gallon of gas to reflect an appropriate federal gas tax , gas would be selling for nearly $ 3.50 per gallon , on average .
With gas at that price , travelers would drive less and use transit more often .
During the gas price spike last year , we saw a number of transit systems enjoy high demand during peak periods , to the extent that fares might easily have been raised to reduce system overcrowding .
In other words , what transit systems can charge riders depends upon what the government is ( or is n’t ) charging drivers .
This is exactly what we ’d expect ; if Coke began heavily subsidizing its sodas , Pepsi would have to find a way to cut its prices or face going out of business .
What we see then is that there are two funding equilibria .
If drivers pay a fair price for the use of roads , then highway revenues rise and transit fares can rise until both modes are full but not congested .
This is the high revenue equilibrium .
But if drivers do n’t have to pay a fair cost for the use of roads , then highway revenues will be low , roads will be congested , and transit systems will have too little ridership , such that transit systems will be unable to raise fares without losing riders to the already congested roads .
This is the low revenue equilibrium , and it ’s a bad place to be — inefficient use of all modes , costly road congestion , and a constant shortage of funding for needed infrastructure maintenance and investment .
That ’s where we are now .
When Congress finally gets around to crafting a transportation reauthorization , it would be nice if they recognized some of these dynamics .
America needs smarter infrastructure investment rules , but it also needs smarter revenue - raising methods .
If you get the money the right way , that makes it easier to spend the money the right way .
We like it when GPS is feeding us information , telling us when traffic is causing a problem and indicating when a bridge is out so that we can warm up our voices ahead of all the hootin ' and a hollerin ' required for our General Lee replica to clear the gap .
However , we 're not too keen on the All - Seeing Eye aspect of GPS , and that 's what we 're fearing in Ford 's latest research .
The company gave a $ 120,000 grant to the Auburn University 's GPS and Vehicle Dynamics Laboratory to look into using GPS for accident prevention , and while results wo n't be unveiled until later this week , descriptions of " an early warning system that detects when a vehicle is about to lose control " and then tweaks vehicle traction and stability control settings based on the speed of the car and the severity of upcoming bends sounds a half - step away from the auto - braking assist in Gran Turismo .
Or , perhaps that 's just Ford - speak for an Aspid - like system for optimizing suspension based on road twistiness .
Given that Ford no longer makes a car designed for going around corners quickly , we find that unlikely .
Wes Sherwood from Ford took the time to comment , indicating that " wide - reaching privacy laws prevent the type of monitoring suggested in this post . "
That 's very good to hear .
Still no word on when the Mustang will get independent rear suspension , though . [ Via Carperformance
Luke Jerram has created beautiful viral sculptures such as swine flu , E.Coli , and smallpox to contrast with traditional medical renderings - these bacteria are actually transparent in nature .
Jerram said : " Its great to be exploring the edges of scientific understanding and visualisation of a virus .
Scientists are n't able to answer many of the questions I ask them , such as how the RNA is exactly fitted within the Capsid ?
At the moment , the technology is n't there to answer all these questions for certain .
I 'm also pushing the boundaries of glassblowing .
Some of my designs simply can't be created in glass , Some are simply too fragile and gravity would cause them to collapse under their own weight .
So there 's a very careful balancing act that needs to take place , between the limitations of current scientific knowledge and glassblowing techniques . "
source : here Smallpox , HIV and an ' Unknown Future Mutation ' Swine Flu ( 25 cm high ) Swine Flu detail E. coli E. coli detail Smallpox , 25 cm high Smallpox ( 25 cm ) detail HIV Sculpture ( coloured ) HIV Sculpture detail ( coloured ) HIV ( 20 cm diameter ) Smallpox , 20 cm wide SARS Corona Virus HIV Sculpture by Luke Jerram ( The sculptor at work )
Tweet
Baby mongooses were out exploring yesterday at Denmark 's Odense Zoo .
A curious and social species , the Common Dwarf Mongoose can live to 20 years in captivity .
Celebrated in ancient Egypt for their fearlessness , mongooses were sometimes mummified and buried in Egyptian tombs to serve as guardians .
According to an Oxford economist , marriage and cohabiting rates in developed countries can be linked to attitudes towards the roles of men and women , and views on who is responsible for doing the housework and looking after the children .
Both men and women have shown they are more likely to want a live - in relationship with the opposite sex if they think their partner will do a share of the housework and childcare duties .
An Oxford study suggests that if you want to settle down , your chances of getting married or living with someone are probably highest in Great Britain , the Scandinavian countries and the United States .
According to the study , men in those countries are more likely than their Australian counterparts to do the household chores and thereby make marriage a more attractive option to their nation 's women .
The study constructs an ' egalitarian index ' of 12 developed countries , based on responses to questionnaires about gender , housework and childcare responsibilities .
Norway and Sweden top the egalitarian index , with Great Britain in third place , followed by the United States .
At the bottom of the index are Japan , Germany , and Austria , with Australia languishing as the least egalitarian .
Data about the number of women in partnerships was then compared against the index .
Women of similar age and educational background were compared across the participating countries to see if their country 's rating on the egalitarian index bore any relation to whether they were living with a man or not .
Other controlling factors , such as the female unemployment , were taken account of .
The study found that women living in less egalitarian countries were between 20 and 50 per cent less likely to be living with a man than comparable women living in a more egalitarian country .
For instance , the findings would predict that the average British woman was 8.5 percentage points more likely than a similar Australian woman to be in a live - in relationship .*
Study author Dr Almudena Sevilla - Sanz , an ESRC - funded researcher at the Centre for Time Use Research at Oxford University , concludes that women living in countries with the highest proportion of egalitarian men are more likely to marry or live with a man .
The study also suggests that a more egalitarian woman in any country is less likely than a less egalitarian woman to set up home with a man because , everything else being equal , most men would choose a woman who they can rely on to do housework and look after the children .
While egalitarian men seem to be viewed as a better bet by women , egalitarian women are seen as a less safe bet by men .
Dr Sevilla - Sanz said : ' In egalitarian countries you might , in principle , expect to see women preferring to remain single rather than face the prospect of spending more time doing household chores .
However , this study shows that in egalitarian countries there is less social stigma attached to men doing what was traditionally women 's work .
For instance , if paternity leave is the social norm , more men take it .
This leads to men in egalitarian societies taking on more of a domestic role so the likelihood of forming a harmonious household becomes greater , resulting in a higher proportion of couples setting up households in these countries .
' If developed countries want to look at why the birth rate in their country is falling , we need to focus on the drivers for whether couples decide to live together and start a family .
It seems to show what couples ask ' Will I be better off ? '.
Women in less egalitarian countries are saying ' No ' .
Countries with a low birth rate face the challenge of a shrinking workforce in coming decades with questions about who will pay for public services and social support .
Sample size for index :
The representative sample of 13,500 men and women , aged between 20 - 45 years old from each of the 12 countries , was taken from the same survey carried out in 1994 and 2002 as part of the International Social Survey Program .
( ISSP is a program of cross-national collaboration on surveys between several social science institutes . )
Calculation explained : According to the egalitarian index , British women face a more egalitarian society than Australian women .
The egalitarian index in Great Britain is 0.08 , compared to - 0.16 in Australia , which results in Britain being a more egalitarian society by 0.24 .
Given the author 's estimate that a higher egalitarian index increases the likelihood of a woman to live with a man between 20 and 50 percent , this yields a difference in the likelihood that a British woman lives with a man of 8.5 percentage points higher than her Australian counterpart , ie .
50 % X 0.24+20 %X 0.24=8.4 percentage points , or 0.08 per cent .
The country with the highest egalitarian index is Sweden with a value of the index of 0.43 .
The countries in the egalitarian index ( in descending order ) are : Norway , Sweden , Great Britain , United States , Northern Ireland , Netherlands , Ireland , Spain , New Zealand , Japan , Germany , Austria and Australia .
Only a few weeks ago I posted the following :
Nick Diaz is clearly responsible for his own actions , but after the surprise drug test of Josh Barnett he should have been prepared .
Someone at the CSAC is clearly singling out high - profile MMA fighters who have checkered histories for special scrutiny .
Guess what , looks like Sean Sherk is the latest to be targeted for a " random " drug test by the CSAC .
From the Wrestling Observer Newsletter ( HT CageSide Seats ) :
Word of the injury got out on the evening of 9/2 , a few hours after he was scheduled to take a random drug test by the California State Athletic Commission .
He did n’t get on the flight to California and when he no-showed , UFC informed the commission that Sherk was injured and was off the card
Zak Woods saw this story coming :
Sean
Sherk once swore off the entire state of California after his positive steroid test and lengthy , horribly run , appeal process .
Sherk apparently did n't listen when I pointed out that the CSAC random drug testing system is clearly targeting fighters who have previously failed drug tests .
I was honestly surprised when the UFC booked Sherk to fight in California again after all the problems he had in the past .
I contacted Sherk 's manager Monte Cox who emailed me the following :
Sean has passed 7 drug tests since the California incident ... he separated his shoulder in training and had to pull out of his fight ... MRI was sent to Zuffa .
He did n't skip any test ... if you 're not fighting , you 're not going to apply for a license .
No big conspiracy in this .
UPDATE : Sherk talking to MMA Weekly in February 2008 :
" There 's no reason for me to ever fight in California again .
The way they treated my case and the way they handled everything was so unprofessional that there 's absolutely no way I 'll ever fight in the state of California again , unless they get rid of the entire commission and hire a whole new commission , " Sherk told MMAWeekly .
This turned out to be truer than Sherk could have anticipated .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Lewis Hamilton claimed his and McLaren 's second pole of the 2009 season at Monza - but he had to dig deep to beat Adrian Sutil as Force India produced another sensational performance .
World champion Hamilton 's early Q3 time of 1m24.605s had looked unbeatable until Sutil delivered a stunning 1m24.261s on his final run - despite a notable error at the first Lesmo .
That lap put Sutil onto provisional pole , but Hamilton was already setting new benchmarks in the first two sectors and he duly completed a lap of 1m24.066s to retake first place .
Second is still Sutil 's best ever Formula 1 qualifying position , although he has the ominous prospects of two KERS shod cars starting right behind him , as Kimi Raikkonen 's Ferrari and Heikki Kovalainen 's McLaren claimed the second row spots .
The Brawns will share row three , with Rubens Barrichello beating his team - mate and title rival Jenson Button by 0.015s .
Tonio Liuzzi backed up Force India team - mate Sutil with an excellent seventh place - also a career best - on his return to F1 after an absence of nearly two years .
Despite their lack of practice running , the Red Bulls still proceeded through to Q3 with little drama , although Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber only managed ninth and 10th , behind Renault 's Fernando Alonso .
While Force India flew , its former driver Giancarlo Fisichella could not better 14th in his first qualifying session as a Ferrari driver .
He will start between the BMWs of Robert Kubica and Nick Heidfeld , who both parked with engine problems within minutes of each other during Q2 .
Jarno Trulli only just made it through Q1 - the 0.022s separating him and Toyota team - mate Timo Glock leaving the German on the wrong side of the cut - off .
But Trulli fared better in Q2 and came within 0.066s of making it into the top ten as he took 11th alongside Renault 's Romain Grosjean , who ran wide at the Lesmos on his last run .
Williams ' pessimism about its Monza chances proved justified as the team endured its worst qualifying performance of the season and filled row nine .
For only the third time this year , Kazuki Nakajima outpaced Nico Rosberg .
There was also massive disappointment for Toro Rosso .
A year on from its remarkable pole and win , the team will start from the back of the grid , with its lack of pace making 20th place qualifier Jaime Alguersuari 's gearbox change penalty irrelevant .
Pos Driver Team Q1 Q2 Q3 1 . Hamilton McLaren - Mercedes ( B ) 1:23.375 1:22.973 1:24.066 2 . Sutil Force India - Mercedes ( B ) 1:23.576 1:23.070 1:24.261 3 . Raikkonen Ferrari ( B ) 1:23.349 1:23.426 1:24.523 4 . Kovalainen McLaren - Mercedes ( B ) 1:23.515 1:23.528 1:24.845 5 . Barrichello Brawn - Mercedes ( B ) 1:23.483 1:22.976 1:25.015 6 . Button Brawn - Mercedes ( B ) 1:23.403 1:22.955 1:25.030 7 . Liuzzi Force India - Mercedes ( B ) 1:23.578 1:23.207 1:25.043 8 . Alonso Renault ( B ) 1:23.708 1:23.497 1:25.072 9 . Vettel Red Bull - Renault ( B ) 1:23.558 1:23.545 1:25.180 10 . Webber Red Bull - Renault ( B ) 1:23.755 1:23.273 1:25.314 11 . Trulli Toyota ( B ) 1:24.014 1:23.611 12 . Grosjean Renault ( B ) 1:23.975 1:23.728 13 . Kubica BMW - Sauber ( B ) 1:24.001 1:23.866 14 . Fisichella Ferrari ( B ) 1:23.828 1:23.901 15 . Heidfeld BMW - Sauber ( B ) 1:23.584 1:24.275 16 . Glock Toyota ( B ) 1:24.036 17 . Nakajima Williams - Toyota ( B ) 1:24.074 18 .
Rosberg Williams - Toyota ( B ) 1:24.121 19 . Buemi Toro Rosso - Ferrari ( B ) 1:24.220 20 . Alguersuari Toro Rosso- Ferrari ( B ) 1:24.951 All Timing Unofficial
Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) has suspended a senior military analyst who has led research teams to the Middle East , after a US blog said he was obsessed with Nazi paraphernalia .
" Human Rights Watch has been looking into the matter of senior military analyst Marc Garlasco 's memorabilia collection of Second World War memorabilia and an inquiry is under way , " the global rights group said in a statement .
" Garlasco has been temporarily suspended from his research work with full pay pending the inquiry .
This is not a disciplinary measure .
Human Rights
Watch stands behind Garlasco 's research and analysis , " the statement said .
Last week US doctoral student Omri Ceren 's blog Mere Rhetoric published a photo of Nazi uniforms which he said were part of Mr Garlasco 's collection of World War II Nazi German military paraphernalia .
Mr Ceren wrote in the story accompanying the photos that the human rights investigator , who has published " shrill attacks on Israel , " was " obsessed with the colour and pageantry of Nazism . "
" This is about a guy with a serious thing for Nazi stuff issuing widely read reports on the actions of Jews defending themselves .
It 's about judgment , propriety , qualifications ... and Human Rights Watch , " Mr Ceren wrote .
In a retort posted on the Huffington Post website , Mr Garlasco concurred that his hobby of collecting World War II memorabilia was " unusual and disturbing to some , " but said he thought it made him a better analyst .
He said he collected memorabilia related to his German grandfather , a WWII anti-aircraft gunner , and his American great - uncle , a gunner on an American B - 17 bomber .
" I'm a military geek , with an abiding interest not only in the medals I collect but in the weapons that I study and the shrapnel I analyse , " Mr Garlasco wrote .
" I think this makes me a better investigator and analyst .
And to suggest it shows Nazi tendencies is defamatory nonsense , spread maliciously by people with an interest in trying to undermine Human Rights Watch 's reporting , " he said .
Mr Garlasco is HRW 's senior military analyst , specialising in battle damage assessment , military operations , and interrogations .
He has led research teams to Afghanistan , Georgia , Iraq , Gaza and Lebanon for HRW , the rights group said .
Among reports Mr Garlasco has worked on for HRW was Rain of Fire , published in March .
In the report , HRW accused Israel of violating international law by " repeatedly exploding white phosphorus munitions in the air over populated areas " in Gaza , even though the dangers posed to civilians by the chemical were well known to Israeli military commanders .
- AFP
PITTSBURGH , Sept. 7 ( UPI ) --
The American Civil Liberties Union says the city of Pittsburgh is doing a good job of accommodating Group of 20 summit protesters .
Witold Walczak , legal director for the American Civil Liberties Union of Pennsylvania , praised the city 's administration for changing the way it views protesters ' free speech rights , the Pittsburgh Post - Gazette reported Monday .
Advertisement
" They 've certainly come a long way in 10 years , and they really deserve commendation , " Walczak said , adding , however , that his group has not decided against filing a lawsuit against the city for alleged civil rights violations .
The newspaper said a meeting between the ACLU and the city of Pittsburgh 's legal department has been scheduled for Tuesday in a bid to iron out differences that have resulted in 15 protest permit applications being blocked .
The G20 summit will be held in the Pennsylvania city Sept. 24 - 25 , when leaders of the world 's biggest economies will gather to discuss progress made on battling the global financial crisis since the last G20 meeting held earlier this year in London .
Are you a gay / bisexual dad ?
Would you be willing to answer some confidential questions about your life and about your family ?
The purpose of this study is to examine the many ways families headed by gay fathers have been created , explore how families function , and learn about the relationship between partners .
The study consists of an online survey and will take approximately 25 - 35 minutes of your time .
To qualify for the study you have to identify as male , a father , and gay , bisexual or homosexual , and have at least one child of any age ; this child can be biological , adopted , foster , step or other .
You do not need to be the child ’s legal parent to participate .
This study has been approved by the University of Virginia IRB # 2008 -0407-00 , and I am working with Dr. Charlotte J. Patterson , a professor of psychology at the University of Virginia .
If you and / or your partner are interested in participating or want further information please contact Samantha L. Tornello , Principal Investigator , via e-mail at GayDadsStudy@gmail.com .
She will send you a web link that you can use to access the study .
LispWorks News
LispWorks 7.1.2 Personal Edition release 20 May 2020
This release of the LispWorks Personal Edition extends support to 64 - bit platforms ... more
LispWorks 7.1.2 patch release 5 September 2019
This is a patch release available for all supported platforms including Windows® , Macintosh® , Linux® , FreeBSD® , x86/x64 Solaris® , iOS® , Android® , AIX® , SPARC / Solaris ... more
Past News and Events
European Lisp Symposium , Genova , Italy 1 - 2 April 2019
A forum for the discussion and dissemination of all aspects of design , implementation and application of any of the Lisp and Lisp - inspired dialects .
More here .
LispWorks 7.1.1 patch release 26 June 2018
This is a patch release available for all supported platforms including Windows® , Macintosh® , Linux® , FreeBSD® , x86/x64 Solaris® , iOS® , Android® , AIX® , SPARC / Solaris ... more
European Lisp Symposium , Marbella , Spain 16 - 17 April 2018
A forum for the discussion and dissemination of all aspects of design , implementation and application of any of the Lisp and Lisp - inspired dialects .
More here .
LispWorks 7.1 release 13 November 2017 LispWorks
Ltd is pleased to announce the release of LispWorks 7.1 ... more
European Lisp Symposium , Brussels , Belgium 03 - 04 April 2017
A forum for the discussion and dissemination of all aspects of design , implementation and application of any of the Lisp and Lisp - inspired dialects .
More here .
European Lisp Symposium , Kraków , Poland 09 - 10 May 2016
A forum for the discussion and dissemination of all aspects of design , implementation and application of any of the Lisp and Lisp - inspired dialects .
More here .
LispWorks 7.0 release 05 May 2015 LispWorks
Ltd is pleased to announce the release of LispWorks 7.0 ... more
European Lisp Symposium , London , England 20 - 21 April 2015
A forum for the discussion and dissemination of all aspects of design , implementation and application of any of the Lisp and Lisp - inspired dialects .
More here .
International Lisp Conference , Montréal , Canada 15 - 17 August 2014
This year 's focus will be directed towards integrated solutions , including mobile computing .
More here .
European Lisp Symposium , Paris , France 05 - 06 May 2014
Discussion of design , implementation and application of any of the Lisp dialects , including Common Lisp .
Martin Simmons from LispWorks was there .
More here .
European Lisp Symposium , Madrid , Spain 03 - 04 June 2013
This year 's symposium focuses on the use of Lisp and Lisp - like languages with respect to the current grand challenges : big tables , open data , semantic web , network programming , discovery , robustness , runtime failures , etc .
More here .
European Common Lisp Meeting , Madrid , Spain 02 June 2013
A full day of talks by people using Common Lisp .
Co-located with ELS '13 .
View more here
LispWorks 6.1.1 Personal Edition 09 January 2013 LispWorks
Ltd is pleased to announce the release of LispWorks Personal Edition 6.1.1 on Windows ® , Macintosh® , Linux® , FreeBSD ® and x86/x64 Solaris™ ... more
LispWorks 6.1.1 patch release 20 November 2012
This is a patch release available for all supported platforms including Windows® , Macintosh® , Linux® , FreeBSD® , x86/x64 Solaris® , SPARC / Solaris , HP - UX ®... more
International Lisp Conference , Kyoto , Japan 21 - 24 October 2012
The Association of Lisp Users has announced that the 2012 International Lisp Conference will be held in Japan .
View more here
LispWorks 6.1 release 27 January 2012 LispWorks
Ltd is pleased to announce the release of LispWorks 6.1 ... more
European Lisp Symposium , University of Zadar , Croatia 30 April - 01 May 2012
This year 's symposium focuses on " Interoperability : Systems , Libraries , Workflows " in Lisp and Lisp - inspired dialects .
More here .
European Common Lisp Meeting , Amsterdam 23 October 2011 LispWorks will be there !
View more here
European Lisp Symposium , Hamburg , Germany 31 March - 01 April 2011 Martin Simmons from LispWorks will be there ... more
LispWorks 6.0.1 Personal Edition 26 October 2010 LispWorks
Ltd is pleased to announce the release of LispWorks Personal Edition 6.0.1 on Windows ® , Macintosh® , Linux® , FreeBSD ® and x86/x64 Solaris™ ... more
International Lisp Conference , Reno / Sparks , Nevada 19 - 21 October 2010
The Association of Lisp Users has announced that the 2010 International Lisp Conference will be held in Reno , Nevada , co-located with SPLASH 2010 .
View more here
7th European Lisp Workshop at ECOOP , Maribor , Slovenia 22 June 2010 View more here .
3rd European Lisp Symposium , Lisbon , Portugal 06 - 07 May 2010 Pascal Costanza will give a tutorial on Parallel Programming in Common Lisp that should be particularly interesting for LispWorks users .
View more about the event here .
LispWorks 6.0.1 patch release 04 May 2010
This is a patch release available for all supported platforms including Windows® , Macintosh® , Linux® , FreeBSD® , x86/x64 Solaris® , SPARC / Solaris , HP - UX ®... more
LispWorks 5.1 supports Mac OS X 10.6 ( Snow Leopard ) 28 January 2010 LispWorks 5.1 Professional / Enterprise now supports the latest version of Mac OS X .
You need some patches which are available here Note : LispWorks 6.0 already supports Snow Leopard , without patches .
LispWorks 6.0 release 06 January 2010 LispWorks
Ltd is pleased to announce the release of LispWorks 6.0 ... more
LispWorks 6.0 Beta 17 September 2009 LispWorks 6.0 is now in Beta
We seek customers and potential customers to test this pre-release version of LispWorks and report back to us .
We welcome enquiries from any serious Lisp user but we would especially like to hear from you if you have an application which uses multiprocessing , or if you would like to port a CAPI / Motif GUI to CAPI / GTK + , or if you would like to run LispWorks on x86/x64 Solaris .
To apply , contact Lisp Support with a brief description of your Lisp application (s ) , mentioning the platform (s ) you use and whether you need a 32 - bit or 64 - bit Lisp .
European Common Lisp Meeting , Hamburg 13 September 2009 LispWorks was there !
Here is the presentation given by Martin Simmons on
Implementing Symmetric Multiprocessing in LispWorks ( PowerPoint Show format , with animations ) .
Here is the same presentation in PDF format , without animations .
View more about the meeting here
6th European Lisp Workshop at ECOOP , Genova , Italy 06 July 2009 View more here .
2nd European Lisp Symposium , Milan , Italy 27 - 29 May 2009
View more here .
International Lisp Conference , M.I.T. , Cambridge , Massachusetts , USA 22 - 25 March 2009 Lisp : The Next 50 Years .
A four day program of tutorials , speakers , technical sessions and demonstration sessions , organized by The Association of Lisp Users .
Martin Simmons of LispWorks will be there !
View more here .
LispWorks 5.1.2 patch release 16 December 2008
This is a patch release available for all supported platforms including Windows® , Macintosh® , Linux® , FreeBSD® , Solaris® , HP - UX ®... more
Lisp50@OOPSLA , Nashville 20 October 2008
A full day of talks celebrating the 50th birthday of Lisp .
Martin Simmons of LispWorks will be there !
View more here .
LispWorks 5.1.1 Personal Edition 30 June 2008 LispWorks
Ltd is pleased to announce the release of LispWorks Personal Edition 5.1.1 on Windows® , Macintosh® , Linux ® and FreeBSD ® ... more
5th European Lisp Workshop at ECOOP , Cyprus 07 July 2008
View more here .
LispWorks 5.1.1 patch release 11 June 2008
This is a patch release available for all supported platforms including Windows® , Macintosh® , Linux® , FreeBSD® , Solaris® , HP - UX ®... more
LispWorks 5.1 release 27 March 2008 LispWorks
Ltd is pleased to announce the release of LispWorks 5.1 on all supported platforms ... more
European Common Lisp Meeting , Amsterdam 20 April 2008
A full day of talks .
LispWorks will be there !
View more here
If you plan to travel to ECLM '08 from the UK , you could join LispWorks on the Lambda Express .
1st European Lisp Symposium , Bordeaux 22 - 23 May 2008
View more here .
LispWorks Personal updated for Leopard 16 Nov 2007 LispWorks 5.0.2 Personal Edition for Macintosh supports Mac OS X 10.5 .
Get it here
LispWorks supports Mac OS X 10.5 ( Leopard ) 06 Nov 2007 LispWorks 5.0.x Professional / Enterprise / Academic supports the new version of Mac OS X .
You need some patches which are available here
LispWorks 5.0.2 patch release 16 April 2007
This is a patch release available for all supported platforms including Windows® , Macintosh® , Linux® , FreeBSD® , Solaris® , HP - UX ®... more
International Lisp Conference , Clare College , Cambridge , England 1 - 4 April 2007
A four day program of tutorials , prominent invited speakers , technical sessions , workshops and demonstration sessions , organized by The Association of Lisp Users .
LispWorks will be there !
View more here
LispWorks Personal Edition 5.0.1 11 January 2007 LispWorks
Ltd is pleased to announce the release of LispWorks Personal Edition 5.0.1 ... more
LispWorks 5.0.1 patch release 18 December 2006
This is a patch release available for all supported platforms including Windows® , Macintosh® , Linux® , FreeBSD® , Solaris® , HP - UX ®... more
64 - bit LispWorks for Intel - based Macintosh 18 December 2006 LispWorks
Ltd is pleased to announce new support for Intel - based Macintosh computers in the 64 - bit implementation of LispWorks ... more
LispWorks 5.0 release 31 July 2006 LispWorks
Ltd is pleased to announce the release of LispWorks 5.0 on Windows® , Macintosh® , Linux ® and FreeBSD ® platforms ... more
3rd European Lisp Workshop , Nantes , France 3 - 4 July 2006 Co-located with ECOOP 2006 .
View more here .
European Common Lisp Meeting , Hamburg 30 April 2006
A full day of speakers from the European Lisp community .
LispWorks will be there !
View more here
LispWorks 4.4.6 patch release 02 November 2005
This is a patch release available for all supported platforms including Windows® , Macintosh® , Linux® , Solaris® , HP - UX ® and Tru64 UNIX ®... more
LispWorks Personal Edition 4.4.6 released 26 October 2005 LispWorks Personal Edition now allows larger user programs and has been updated with numerous bug fixes ... more
2nd European Lisp and Scheme Workshop , Glasgow , Scotland 26 July 2005 Co-located with ECOOP 2005 and supported by ALU .
View more here or contact pc@p-cos.net .
International Lisp Conference 2005 , Stanford University 19 - 22 June 2005 ILC 2005 marks the 25th anniversary of the seminal Lisp conference held at Stanford in August 1980 .
Martin Simmons from LispWorks will be there .
View more here
LispWorks Personal Edition 4.4.5 released 27 May 2005 LispWorks
Ltd is pleased to announce the release of LispWorks Personal Edition 4.4.5 ... more
LispWorks supports Mac OS X 10.4 ( Tiger ) 5 May 2005 LispWorks 4.4.5 supports the new version of Mac OS X .
You need a couple of patches which are freely available ... more
European Common Lisp Meeting , Amsterdam 24 April 2005
A full day of speakers from the European Lisp community .
LispWorks was there !
View more here
LispWorks 4.4.5 released 15 April 2005 LispWorks
Ltd is pleased to announce the release LispWorks 4.4.5 ... more
Common Lisp HyperSpec 7.0 released 14 April 2005 LispWorks
Ltd announces a revision of the popular Common Lisp HyperSpec....more
LispWorks 4.4.5 coming soon 31 March 2005 LispWorks
Ltd is pleased to announce that LispWorks 4.4.5 will be released on 15 April ... more
Acquisition of LispWorks ® and Liquid Common Lisp® 4 January 2005 LispWorks , the portable integrated development tool for ANSI Common Lisp , is now developed , marketed and supported by LispWorks Ltd....more
LispWorks 4.4 Release 8 December 2004 Xanalys announces the release of LispWorks 4.4 for the Windows® , Macintosh ® and Linux platforms .... more
LispWorks 4.3.7 Patch Release 12 May 2004
This is a patch release available for all supported platforms including Windows® , Macintosh® , Linux , Solaris® , HP - UX ® and Tru64 UNIX ®
Release of LispWorks for Linux 4.3 17 October 2003
A new version of LispWorks , the portable ANSI Common Lisp integrated development tool from Xanalys has been released : LispWorks 4.3 for Linux
International Lisp Conference 2003 , New York City 12 - 15 October 2003
The ILC 2003 is a modern software technology conference .
The conference promotes todays most powerful programming languages and paradigms within the context of a multi - themed environment .
View more here
Release of LispWorks 4.3.6 12 September 2003 Xanalys LLC announces the patch release of LispWorks 4.3.6 with 150 bug fixes and minor enhancements
Release of LispWorks for Windows 4.3 14 August 2003
A new version of LispWorks , the portable ANSI Common Lisp integrated development tool from Xanalys has been released : LispWorks 4.3 for the Windows Operating System
Release of LispWorks for Macintosh 4.3 30 June 2003 LispWorks , the portable ANSI Common Lisp integrated development tool from Xanalys , is available for the Macintosh platform .
Xanalys 's powerful CAPI graphical libraries are now implemented on top of the new Apple Cocoa API
International Lisp Conference 2002 , San Francisco , CA 27 - 31 October 2002
This years conference is unique in that it brings together a multidimensional mesh of brilliant minds across multiple dimensions of interest and diversity .
View more here
Release of LispWorks 4.2.7 02 October 2002 Xanalys LLC announces the patch release of LispWorks 4.2.7 , the advanced dynamic programming environment based on ANSI Common Lisp .
This release contains small feature enhancements and 90 bug fixes and reflects Xanalys 's commitment to the continuous support and improvements of its LispWorks offerings .
Xanalys Launches www.lispworks.com
31 July 2002 Xanalys LLC today launched its new website dedicated to LispWorks , the dynamic programming environment for ANSI Common Lisp .
Release of LispWorks 4.2.6 15 May 2002 Xanalys LLC announces the patch release of LispWorks 4.2.6
[ A few weeks ago , Political Irony added a discussion forum ( click the “ Forum ” button to the right ) .
This post was originally submitted in the forum by Tidetracker . ]
Since the health care reform issue has been so controversial , it is hoped that this FAQ ( list of Frequently Asked Questions ) will help clear things up for interested Americans :
Q . Is there a health care crisis in this country ?
A. Of course not .
As we have all been told , around 86 % of us are satisfied with our current health care coverage .
The remaining 14 % are simply the slackers and whiners who have lost their health care coverage , or never had any .
Some of them were formerly conservative Republicans who objected to health care reform , but have now lost their principles along with their insurance , and therefore deserve no consideration .
Q. Why does President Obama want to reform health care ?
A. Because he is evil .
He ’s the devil ’s spawn .
He might be the devil himself .
He ’s a communist .
He ’s a socialist .
He ’s a Marxist .
He ’s a Fascist .
He might be several of those , all at once .
He ’s probably rude to his mother - in - law , and secretly kicks his dog .
He hates white people ( we know this , because Glenn Beck told us he hates white people … and Glenn Beck would never lie to us ) .
And , for those to whom it matters : have you noticed he ’s black ?
Q . Why do conservatives , Republicans , and even a few Democrats oppose health care reform ?
A. Because of democracy .
Republican senators and congressmen , as well as the “ Blue Dog ” Democrats , could n’t continue to represent the interests of their constituents without huge contributions from insurance companies .
Q. Does Obama ’s plan actually include death panels ?
A. Of course .
If he does n’t pull the plug on Grandma , how else will he get what he needs to manufacture Soylent Green ?
Besides , he ’s evil … did n’t you read the second question and answer ?
Q . Why do the opponents of health care argue against the so - called “ public option ” ?
A. Because it might become nearly as popular as Medicare , VA health care , Medicaid , and the government employee ’s health care plan .
And everyone knows that we can’t have socialized , government run , single payer health care in this country .
It goes against everything we believe in as Americans .
Q. Should n’t everyone have access to affordable health care ?
A. Of course not .
America is a meritocracy and the only people who merit health care are those with money ( or those with legacy admissions to Harvard and Yale ) .
Q. Will Obama ’s plan pay for health care for illegal aliens ?
A. Yes , it is possible that several hundred thousand illegal aliens might sneak through the prohibitions against paying for health care for illegal aliens .
Because of the danger of that happening , it ’s only logical that we should continue to deny health care to 20 million or more uninsured people .
After all , what ’s more important ?
Besides , illegal aliens do n’t deserve health care .
They should continue to keep a low profile while picking lettuce or cutting the grass .
Q. How should we prevent illegal aliens from getting health care illegally ?
A . Well , we certainly do n’t want to impose any sort of national ID on Americans .
That would be an invasion of privacy and an overreach by big government .
It would be better to station patriotic Tea Party members at the entrances to emergency rooms .
That way , they could stop any Mexican illegal - looking people from going inside .
Of course , true Americans with swarthy complexions should always carry their birth certificate and government approved photo ID ( such as a passport ) .
You never know when someone will demand a full forensic examination of your identity , to screen out anyone who might have been born in Kenya .
Q . Why are health care costs rising at three times the rate of inflation ?
A. Because it ’s the best way to filter out those without merit .
See the question on meritocracy , earlier .
Q. Is n’t health care in the best interests of the nation as a whole ?
A. No .
Health care is in the best interests of those who can either afford it or have jobs with health care benefits .
So - called “ universal coverage ” is NOT in the best interests of those who have health insurance .
After all , if we give health care to the slackers , whiners , and po ’ folks , there will be less of it for true Americans , and health care rationing is a terrible thing .
This fits well with the conservative ethic , a grand political philosophy dating back over 100 years , first espoused during the Robber Baron era , when a wealthy industrialist said that “ the welfare of the middle class depends on the light taxation and lax regulation of the wealthy ” .
This philosophy has been refined and restated many times since those wonderful days of the Robber Baron era , most notably by Gordon Gekko ( “ Greed Is Good ” ) , Pink Floyd ( “ I ’m all right , Jack , keep your hands off of my stack ” ) , and most recently , by the generally accepted and so wonderfully true sentiment , “ I ’ve got mine , so screw you ” .
URBAN1CYCLE TOOK A ROAD TRIP TO THE ATL FOR FM.24.09 ..
I have to say being the first year we went out to it , it ’s such an awesome event .
Here is a sneak peek of the coverage …
Click here for more pics …
C
Here are the Top Winners of the Race :
Team Lap Rankings
1. Smack That Ass ( 40 at 11:40:59 )
2. DREADNOK ( 39 at 11:47:06 )
3. TEAM ™ ( 38 at 11:53:28 )
4. 4H CLUB ( 37 at 11:57:37 )
5. Team Jüggernaüt ( 37 at 11:59:41 )
6. Race Riot ! ( 36 at 11:56:20 )
7. Team Richshaw ( 35 at 11:52:25 )
8. Rocky Mountain Bikes ( 34 at 11:17:32 )
9. Oh That ’s Nasty !….. Giggity giggity , alright ! ( 34 at 11:18:49 )
10 . TNT ( 34 at 11:55:44 )
Team Point Rankings
1. Casual Encounters ( 753 points )
2. Asstana ( 712 points )
3. Team Blitzkrieg ( 694 points )
4. Die Fliegenden Elvises ! ( 683 points )
5. Balls Deep ( 656 points )
6. The Sugar Hill Gang ( 624 points )
7. TEAM ™ ( 571 points )
8. Race Riot ! ( 522 points )
9. Loose Nuts ( 482 points )
10 . Straight , No Chaser ( 454 points )
Recently Completed Laps
* Team Jüggernaüt in 0:35:9 at 11:59:41
* Tom Boonen ’s Dealers in 0:53:33 at 11:57:40
* TNT in 0:53:0 at 11:55:44
* DREADNOK in 0:36:44 at 11:47:06
* APB Solo Racer in 0:41:17 at 11:44:43
* Mug Shot in 0:41:57 at 11:44:37
* Skyway Bandidas in 0:42:25 at 11:42:31
* Smack That Ass in 0:35:12 at 11:40:59
* Georgia Pro Bicycles in 1:9:42 at 11:38:11
* Eddie O – Topeak - Ergon in 0:43:34 at 11:30:35
Guys with the most laps
1. David Hall – 34 at 11:17:32
2. Nathan Smith – 32 at 11:17:32
3. Eddie ODea – 32 at 11:30:35
4. Mark Baldwin – 27 at 11:17:12
5. Alex Flood – 24 at 10:33:23
Fastest Men
1. Joey RossKopt – 0:30:36
2. Shane Pack – 0:30:44
3. Brian Tester – 0:30:46
4. Jonathan Atkins – 0:30:56
5. Steward Haddock – 0:31:5
Gals with the most laps
1. Emily Brock – 26 at 10:35:43
2. Leslie Shapiro – 17 at 09:53:49
3. Elizabeth Morse Hill – 9 at 11:42:31
4. Carol Davis – 8 at 08:42:55
5. Lily Richarson – 8 at 09:26:12
Fastest Women
1. Elizabeth Morse Hill – 0:36:30
2. Emily Brock – 0:36:59
3. Dawn ‘ The Machete ’ Smith – 0:37:25
4. Kirsten Davis – 0:37:33
5. Mary Pat Jones – 0:37:44
Check out FM.24.09 Race
Tracker for more info the race results ..
TON OF RACE COVERAGE HERE …
Astronaut Edwin E. " Buzz " Aldrin , Jr. , lunar module pilot of the first lunar landing mission , is beside the U.S. flag during an Apollo 11 moon walk .
The Lunar Module ( LM ) is on the left , and the footprints of the astronauts are clearly visible in the soil of the moon .
Astronaut Neil A. Armstrong , commander , took this picture with a 70 mm Hasselblad lunar surface camera .
Is the U.S. flag planted on the moon 40 years ago still standing ?
That 's just one of many questions researchers hope will be answered this year by new pictures of old Apollo landing sites .
A plan to photograph the historic lunar locations with NASA 's new Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter ( LRO ) , revealed yesterday on SPACE.com , should be a boon to lunar archaeologists who aim to solve some longstanding mysteries and also get a historic - landmark designation for the Apollo 11 touchdown site .
The first moon landing by the Apollo 11 crew took place July 20 , 1969 .
The new photos , expected in coming days , weeks and months , will be of keen interest to archaeologists involved in the Lunar Legacy Project .
They contend that Apollo 11 's Tranquility Base should be seen as an anthropological site and deserves preservation for all present and future inhabitants of the Earth .
" Even after our research , I still think we do n't know exactly what is on the Tranquility Base site and how it is placed , " said Beth O'Leary in the Department of Sociology and Anthropology at New Mexico State University in Las Cruces .
O'Leary created the NASA - funded project to make the Apollo 11 Landing site on the moon as a National Historic Landmark .
The idea of cultural resource management in space is also highlighted in a new book , " The Handbook of Space Engineering , Archaeology and Heritage " that she co-edited with Ann Darrin of Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel , Maryland .
What is the condition of Tranquility base after 40 years ?
Was the American flag blown over on the Eagle 's ascent and is it now a bleached skeleton ?
What are the relatively long term effects of the lunar environment on human artifacts ?
All good questions , O'Leary pointed out .
" We need to know where our material culture resides on the moon .
Many parts and pieces of our time , certainly in the era of the early robotics on the moon , are missing from the database , " O'Leary told SPACE.com .
Although the process of taking high resolution images is intensive and costly , O'Leary said , the possibility exists to locate humankind 's lunar leftovers precisely , assess their condition and most importantly decide then what and how to preserve this record for future generations .
" We have a chance to assess the totality of our time on the moon so far and plan for the future now , " O'Leary concluded .
GALLERY : Apollo 11 Flight in Pictures
SPECIAL REPORT - The Moon : Then , Now , Next
Video : The Meaning of Apollo
Leonard David has been reporting on the space industry for more than four decades .
He is past editor - in - chief of the National Space Society 's Ad Astra and Space World magazines and has written for SPACE.com since 1999
An emotionally broken woman , Kathy , suddenly finds herself homeless after her house is wrongly repossessed and auctioned .
Seeking respite from his marriage , Lester , a sympathetic sheriff 's deputy comes to the aid of Kathy and becomes intimately involved in her situation .
Soon , Behrani , a proud emigrant Iranian and his family move into the house only to find their new lives burdened by harassment from Lester and Kathy as they attempt to reclaim her former home .
The once prosperous colonel denies Kathy 's pleas for he knows his recent purchase promises a profitable return and a better future for his adolescent son and his wife .
But latent consequences lie beneath Behrani's well intentioned plan as Kathy 's emotions spiral out of control and her actions spark a tragic chain of events that will leave no resident unscathed in the House of Sand and Fog. Written by Tiler Faisal
Marvin - A Paranoid Chrome Extension for Reddit Aliens
NOTE : The latest version of Chrome have broken the APIs Marvin depends on , a rewrite using the new APIs is in progress , please be patient !
Marvin ’s Orange Envelope should work with the latest Dev and Beta channels !
( OS X only in Dev channel )
Marvin is still a work in progress and still somewhat an experimental ‘ prototype ’ , mostly due to instability in its components ( ie. , ever shifting Chrome Extension APIs ) .
But should be functional enough to be of good service and help to Reddit aliens .
Current features :
If current URL has been posted to Reddit , display score , subreddit , author , etc .
If the URL has been posted multiple times to different subreddits , you can expand the ‘ toolstrip ’ by clicking the up - arrow icon to display the full information for all posts .
If it has not been posted , allows to post current page .
Voting .
Orange envelope notification , including number of new messages .
TODO :
Non-reddit.com domains support ( post - 1.0 )
We need a favico - sized picture of Marvin for the toolbar !
More convenient re-post mechanism .
( Done in 0.9.1 )
Configuration interface and options : Open comments and post pages in current or new tab ?
Display tool - strip automatically if current URL has been posted .
( This used to be the default behavior , but now has been changed to match Socialite . )
Install instructions
At the moment only the dev Chrome channel supports extensions and the extension packaging format is in flux , so if you want to try this , take precautions or you might be electrocuted .
The latest Marvin releases are only tested against the latest Chromium snapshots for Windows .
( Feedback and bug reports are very welcome ! )
Note :
Only the Chrome dev channel and the latest chromium releases support extensions and nothing else is likely to work .
Note2 : Chrome ’s support for extension on Linux and OS X seems to be broken even more often than on Windows .
Download the .crx extension package for the latest Marvin from the Downloads page , and if you are running a modern enough version of Chrome you will be asked if you want to install the extension , say yes , and you are done !
If that does n’t work you might need to start chrome as follows :
chrome.exe –enable - extensions – load - extension=‘c : \Documents and Settings [ … path to the location where you have a copy of Marvin … ] \’
Usage instructions
Just click on the alien icon in the address bar to display information about the current page or submit the current page if it has not been submitted yet .
If you have any orange envelopes pending you will see the envelope and the number of pending messages in the toolstrip , click it to go to your inbox .
Known Issues
You need to visit reddit.com at least once per browsing - session before you can vote ( if you have n’t , when you try to vote a new reddit.com tab will be open for you ) , this is needed to fetch the ‘ modhash ’ that the reddit API requires for voting .
This issue should go away once we start to use the new auth mechanism for the JSON API , but it is still not clear how this should work .
If your vote causes the number of digits in the score to increase , the score display might become split and partially unreadable .
Chrome Extensions on Linux seem to still have many issues , the orange envelope notification works , but the address bar icon does n’t , which makes the extension not very useful .
Code
Marvin ’s blueprints are stored in a Mercurial repository , you can check out the code with the following command :
hg clone http://hg.cat-v.org/marvin/
Contact
The IRC channel #reddit - dev in irc.freenode.org
The Marvin Subreddit !.
If you are too shy and paranoid to use a public forum , you can send feedback privately via reddit messages to uriel or see the contact info at uriel.cat - v.org .
Other Alien Creatures
Credits / License
Public domain .
Idea inspired - by / ripped - off - from the Firefox Socialite add - on by chromakode , but all code and bugs are 100 % original .
Thanks also to chromakode for feedback on the GUI and advice regarding the implementation .
Thanks to Pandalicious for very useful feedback , fixes reports , suggestions and some patches !
Quotes
“ That girl is one of the least unintelligent organic lifeforms it has ever been my profound lack of pleasure to have been unable to have avoided meeting . ”
-- Marvin the Paranoid Android
“ Life ?
Do n’t talk to me about life ! ”
-- Marvin the Paranoid Android
About the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation ( SCC )
The Hitchhiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy in a moment of reasoned lucidity , that is almost unique among its five million nine hundred and seventy five thousand five hundred and nine pages , says of the products of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation that “ it is very easy to be blinded to the essential uselessness of them by the sense of achievement you get from getting them to work at all ” .
In other words , and this is the rock solid principle on which the corporation ’s galaxy wide success is founded , their fundamental design flaws are completely hidden by their superficial design flaws , this not only suggests that the SCC is responsible for the majority of personal computer Operating Systems sold across the galaxy , it is a widely respected view , widely held by right thinking people , who are largely recognizable as right thinking people by the mere fact that they hold this view .
Links
A few weeks ago , raw food was abuzz in blogland .
I gave it a try to help my digestion , but that way of eating did n’t work for me .
Now that it ’s fall I ’ve noticed less and less talk about raw food , and more and more posts about oatmeal , baked squash , and delicious apples .
It ’s propitious that Bobby alerted me to this article yesterday …
Did Cooking Give Humans An Evolutionary Edge ? – a transcript of an NPR talk from Science Friday .
It has to do with the differences between humans and other primates ( like this gorilla that lives in the San Francisco zoo ) …
I thought the transcript was incredibly interesting .
You can also listen to the program ( it ’s just under 30 minutes ) .
If you do n’t have time to read or listen though , I ’ll summarize here …
It ’s an interview with Dr. Richard Wrangham , a primatologist ( someone who studies primates = humans , apes , monkeys , and prosimians ) who wrote Catching Fire : How Cooking Made Us Human
Dr. Wrangham proposes that cooking has actually been a key aspect of evolution and our bodies have changed over the years due to the fact that we can cook our food .
It ’s given us a huge evolutionary advantage because we have more time to use our brains instead of foraging and chewing all day long .
( This is called biocultural evolution , when you evolve along with the tools / methods of your culture . )
, when you evolve along with the tools / methods of your culture . )
Apes show either a preference for cooked food over raw food , or they are neutral … they never prefer raw to cooked food .
A human ’s digestive system is 2 /3rds the size of an ape ’s ( if you adjust for the size of the ape versus the size of the human ) and we have small teeth and small mouths – not ideal for lots of chewing .
We ’ve adapted to a “ high quality ” diet .
( High quality meaning mostly cooked and easy to digest … not talking about the processed , industrial “ food ” crap that most people live on . )
Cooking is what increased the “ quality ” of our diet .
We do n’t have to eat large amounts of food and we do n’t have to retain and ferment food for many many hours to digest it .
The changes to our digestive system happened about 1.8 million years ago .
Cooking our food increases the proportion of nutrients and energy that we ’re able to digest .
While a cooked carrot may technically have the same number of calories as a raw one , we are able to access more of the calories from the cooked one .
Another example – when you cook an egg and eat it , you can digest about 94 % of the protein .
A raw egg ?
You digest about 60 % .
That ’s a big discrepancy .
Why does cooking make things easier to digest ?
For protein , the process is called denaturation .
The protein cells are kind of like a big ball of yarn ; cooking unwinds the yarn so it ’s easier to digest .
One way to denature something is to put it in acid .
So our stomach acid can do some of this , but cooking makes it that much easier for our bodies to digest protein .
A similar process happens with starch – chains of sugars open up during cooking so that they are more readily available to absorb .
.
The protein cells are kind of like a big ball of yarn ; cooking unwinds the yarn so it ’s easier to digest .
One way to denature something is to put it in acid .
So our stomach acid can do some of this , but cooking makes it that much easier for our bodies to digest protein .
A similar process happens with starch – chains of sugars open up during cooking so that they are more readily available to absorb .
Humans are one of the only species that typically does not thrive on a raw diet … about half of women following a raw diet stop menstruating and most people lose weight ( due to an energy shortage = significant calorie / nutrient deficiency ) .
Now this does n’t mean that a raw diet ca n’t be beneficial – a lot of people are eating too much currently , so a raw diet may help them reduce the amount of food they eat ( because it ’s so limiting ) so they can maintain their weight and feel better .
A lot of the benefits that come from a raw diet are due to cutting out processed foods and chemicals .
Many people have undiagnosed food allergies ( gluten , wheat , dairy , etc… ) and since those foods are n’t common in a high raw diet , people will feel better since they ’re not eating them anymore .
Again , eating more raw food is not necessarily bad or unhealthy , but you should not follow a high raw diet .
If you live in a place where food is scarce , you should especially * not* follow a raw diet … if you live in the US or another developed country , incorporating more raw foods into your diet is a fabulous idea if it will help you eat less and eat fewer processed , industrial foods .
raw food is necessarily bad or unhealthy , but you should not follow a high raw diet .
If you live in a place where food is scarce , you should especially * not* follow a raw diet … if you live in the US or another developed country , incorporating more raw foods into your diet is a fabulous idea if it will help you eat less and eat fewer processed , industrial foods .
Many people think that following a raw food diet is the most “ natural ” way to live … not true .
We have evolved away from eating raw food .
And one of the major reasons that we ’ve been able to advance so far in terms of knowledge and technology is due to the fact that we are NOT like other primates – we do n’t have to eat all day to get enough food , giving us time to use our gargantuan brains .
I ’m learning about some similar concepts in my anthropology class .
There is the idea of biocultural evolution , which basically says that our culture ( using tools , cooking food , etc… ) has a large influence on our evolution .
The invention of tools allowed us to evolve away from huge teeth .
The cultural idea of wearing clothes might be the reason that we are n’t covered in hair .
And maybe cooking is responsible for changing our digestive system , our mouths , and our teeth .
What works best for me is a fairly natural diet ( no processed foods ) with a little bit of raw food .
I am influenced by macrobiotics ( completely cooked , nearly vegan but with fish , and very Japanese ) .
I ’m also influenced by the paleo diet ( limited grains and carbs , lots of animal fat and protein , lots of veggies – mostly all cooked ) .
When I eat fruit it ’s usually raw I do snack on raw veggies sometimes .
I love salad ( obviously , again ) but I do n’t eat salad every day unless it ’s the summer .
I love my oatmeal , oat bran , baked and steamed squash , and many other cooked foods , especially in the cooler months .
What works for you ?
What do you think of the ideas that this guy is proposing ?
The ability of gray squirrels to learn from observing others is highlighted in a new study .
The research shows how squirrels can quickly learn from watching their peers , particularly if it relates to stealing food .
The research adds to growing evidence that animals are primed to learn quickly about what is most important to their survival and that they learn by observing others .
It is the first study to test the ability of gray squirrels to learn from observation .
The research team tested the squirrels ' ability to learn to choose between two pots of food after watching another squirrel remove a nut from one of the pots .
One group was rewarded for choosing the same pot as the previous squirrel , the second group was rewarded for targeting the other pot .
Those that were rewarded for choosing food from the other pot learned more quickly than those that were rewarded for choosing the same pot .
This suggests that grey squirrels learn more quickly to recognise the absence of food .
The study was repeated , but instead of observing another squirrel , the animals were trained with the use of a card .
In this test , the squirrels showed no significant difference in their ability to learn to choose the same or opposite pot .
The study suggests that squirrels are primed to recognise other squirrels as potential food thieves .
It also shows that they learn more quickly from real life observations .
Corresponding author Dr Lisa Leaver of the University of Exeter , said : " Our study is significant because it is the first to show that grey squirrels learn from observing others .
It adds to growing evidence that all kinds of animals , from humans and other primates to many species of birds , learn from observation and that they have evolved to learn quickly about those things that are most important to their lives – in the case of grey squirrels , gathering and storing nuts . "
The research team now hopes to conduct further studies into the psychology of grey squirrels to learn more about how the animals learn from – and possibly deceive – one another .
All personally identifying information on this site discovered utilizing resources readily available to the general public .
All publicly - obtainable court documents , media reports , and any content of similar nature , provided herein or linked to were pre-published elsewhere by parties other than myself .
General images along with my personal photographs are garnered via publicly accessible sources through legal means .
The purpose for republishing or otherwise publicizing the information is simply to support the content contained herein .
Barack Obama has been met with angry protests in recent weeks US President Barack Obama does not believe current criticism of his policies is based on the colour of his skin , the White House has said .
It was responding to comments by former President Jimmy Carter that much of the vitriol against Mr Obama 's health and spending plans was " based on racism " .
Mr Carter said many thought an African - American should not be president .
Congress has also witnessed an outburst against Mr Obama that led to the rebuke of Republican lawmaker Joe Wilson .
Mr Wilson 's son has denied any suggestion of racism in the outburst and some conservatives have accused the president 's supporters of playing the race card .
' Disagreements ' ANALYSIS BBC's Kevin Connolly in Washington
It does not really matter whether Joe Wilson is really a racist or not .
Whatever his motives , his words are a brutal reminder that the election of Barack Obama did not usher in a new age of post - racial politics in the US if anyone was naive enough to think that it might .
Race debate grips America White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Mr Obama " does not believe that the criticism comes based on the colour of his skin " .
" We understand that people have disagreements with some of the decisions that we 've made and some of the extraordinary actions that had to be undertaken by this administration , " Mr Gibbs said .
Mr Obama has been met with angry protests in recent weeks .
Some people have not only protested against the president 's policies but have accused him of tyranny and have promised to " reclaim America " .
" Those kind of things are not just casual outcomes of a sincere debate on whether we should have a national programme on healthcare , " Mr Carter said at a public meeting at his Carter Center in Atlanta .
MARDELL'S AMERICA
Many African - Americans may feel as though a subterranean stream has burst above ground , even if the president would rather not get caught in the spray
Mark Mardell
BBC North America editor
How Carolinians see the race row " It 's deeper than that . "
Responding to a question specifically on the Congress outburst by Mr Wilson , he said Mr Obama was the head of state as well as the head of government and - like heads of state elsewhere - he should be " treated with respect " .
Mr Wilson was rebuked on Tuesday in a House vote , which said he had breached decorum .
He had shouted " You lie ! " while Mr Obama was delivering an address on healthcare to Congress last Wednesday .
Mr Wilson 's eldest son , Alan , denied racism was a factor in his father 's outburst .
" There is not a racist bone in my dad 's body , " he said .
Mr Wilson himself maintained that his personal apology to Mr Obama should have been enough to resolve the matter .
Mr Obama " graciously accepted my apology and the issue is over " , he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NASA'S LCROSS Reveals Target Crater for Lunar South Pole Impacts
LCROSS will search for water ice by sending its spent upper - stage Centaur rocket to impact the permanently shadowed polar crater .
The satellite will fly into the plume of dust left by the impact and measure the properties before also colliding with the lunar surface .
The LCROSS team selected Cabeus A based on a set of conditions that include proper debris plume illumination for visibility from Earth , a high concentration of hydrogen , and mature crater features such as a flat floor , gentle slopes and the absence of large boulders .
"
The selection of Cabeus A was a result of a vigorous debate within the lunar science community that included review of the latest data from Earth - based observatories and our fellow lunar missions Kaguya , Chandrayaan - 1 , and the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter , " said Anthony Colaprete , LCROSS project scientist and principle investigator at NASA ’s Ames Research Center in Moffett Field , Calif .
" The team is looking forward to the impacts and the wealth of information this unique mission will produce .
" A cadre of professional astronomers using many of the Earth ’s most capable observatories is helping maximize the scientific return from the LCROSS impacts .
These observatories include the Infrared Telescope Facility and Keck telescope in Hawaii ; the Magdalena Ridge and Apache Ridge Observatories in New Mexico and the MMT Observatory in Arizona ; the newly refurbished Hubble Space Telescope ; and the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter , among others .
" These and several other telescopes participating in the LCROSS Observation Campaign will provide observations from different vantage points using different types of measurement techniques , " said Jennifer Heldmann , lead for the LCROSS Observation Campaign at Ames .
" These multiple observations will complement the LCROSS spacecraft data to help determine whether or not water ice exists in Cabeus A. " During a media briefing Sept. 11 , Daniel Andrews , LCROSS project manager at Ames , provided a mission status update indicating the spacecraft is healthy and has enough fuel to successfully accomplish all mission objectives .
Andrews also announced the dedication of the LCROSS mission to the memory of legendary news anchor , Walter Cronkite , who provided coverage of NASA 's missions from the beginning of America 's manned space program to the age of the space shuttle .
" Dad would sure be proud to be part , if just in name , of getting humans back up to the moon and beyond , " said Chip Cronkite , son of the famed news anchor .
The LCROSS mission was selected in April 2006 as a mission manifested with the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter .
Both missions launched on June 18 , 2009 on an Atlas V from Cape Canaveral , Fla .
The LCROSS mission and science operations are managed at Ames .
" The LCROSS team has long been preparing for its final destination on the moon , and we 're looking forward to October 9 , " Andrews said .
" The next 28 days will undoubtedly be very exciting . "
Column
Unearthing the Metal Underground : The New York City Scene
Band Photo : Severed ( ?)
This week on Unearthing the Metal Underground I am delving into the New York City scene .
All bands are currently unsigned and are making a real name for themselves in the underground .
Starting with the female fronted industrial gothic metal band Septemeber Mourning , who are currently on tour with Marilyn Manson , we can see that unsigned bands can get places even without a label .
The band 's music is composed of heavy riffs topped by catchy vocal melodies with simple drum beats and atmospheric keyboard parts .
The vocalist , Emily " M " Lazar , has a unique tone in her voice that has a sweet soft poppy feel to it .
What will take you by surprise is that it will change into an angry growl or loud scream .
The guitar riffs make you wanna bang your head and the clean vocals make you wanna sing along .
The songs are well written and have all the qualities I enjoy about music .
For those who like gothic / industrial metal feel free to check September Mourning out at this location .
At first listen the brooklyn / queens based band Severed will sound like a metalcore band , but the band combines elements of death metal , thrash , and black metal into their music which sets them outside of the metalcore genre .
The band 's vocalist , Christian Geraldino , mainly does growls and has an incredible range and could probably go up against Randy of Lamb of God .
The lead guitarist , Justin Wang , provides catchy riffs and melodic lead passages .
The band seamlessly blend the breakdowns of metalcore into their music with thrashy gang vocal parts .
Further more their riffs are sometimes more black and death metal than typical metalcore bands .
Their songs also have a progressive structure .
Their new songs that I 've seen live , which are currently being recorded as their second album , push the band 's boundaries further than their last EP , which can be heard on the band 's MySpace page .
I 'd recommend this band for anyone into thrash , death metal , or metalcore .
Lastly i'd like to talk about Beyond Shadows , who are a melodic death / black metal band from New York .
The band recorded some tunes last year at Studio Fredman .
Previously all their songs were recorded by vocalist / guitarist Khalid in his home studio with a drum machine .
Though primarily a black / death metal sound , they have a lot of thrash influence , ala Carcass .
You can expect good riffs , blast beats , and lots of double bass .
The catchy guitar melodies and solos are straight out of Swedish melodic death metal , which makes me think if they are illegal aliens from Sweden .
The only downfall would be their epic song structure , it can feel drawn out , but then again 6 - 7 minute songs are hardly epics when compared to Opeth .
The epic song structure is n't necessarily a bad thing as it gives a bit of a progressive element to the music .
For fans of melodic death metal check out Beyond Shadows at this location .
MORROW , Georgia ( CNN ) --
Jobless for nearly a year , Michael Rivers was about to walk out of his house a few weeks ago to catch the bus for another daylong employment hunt when a radio announcement stopped him .
With Ludacris at her side , single mom Joya Montgomery , 26 , proudly displays keys to her car Sunday .
" This is Ludacris , and I 'm giving away 20 free cars . ... "
The famous rapper was pulling an Oprah in his hometown of Atlanta , Georgia .
The rapper announced that if listeners were able to pay the taxes , registration , tags and insurance , they should go to his nonprofit Ludacris Foundation Web site and write 300 words about why they deserved new wheels .
" And make it good , " Luda warned .
Watch Ludacris talk about his " stimulus " plan »
Four thousand people took him up on his challenge , and in a few days , more than 2,000 essays poured into the Nissan South dealership in Morrow , Georgia , that had teamed with the rapper on the used - car giveaway .
See and hear the winners tell their stories »
Rivers ' essay was among them .
" I did n't even wait ; I just continued out that door to the community center , sat at a computer and let all my emotions come out , " he said .
Rivers described riding the city bus with his 14 - year - old daughter to make sure she arrived safely at school and how he recently celebrated the small victory of getting his 17 - year - old autistic son , who can't tolerate crowds , to stand calmly for a few moments outside the bus stop .
He does n't live near a grocery store so he has to bring home the food he can carry on the bus .
Rivers was laid off from his job as a court clerk in the summer of 2008 , and making job interviews on time is n't easy when the bus is often late .
But on Sunday afternoon , Rivers was giddy , slightly bouncing as he spoke .
He stood shoulder to shoulder among the 20 winners and their friends and families waiting to see their cars .
" I do n't care what it is , " Rivers said .
" I 'm grateful for any car with four wheels because it beats two heels . "
Winners received 30 days of free gas , which will be a big help to Joya Montgomery , a 26 - year - old single parent of a 4 - year - old , 8 - year - old and 3 - month - old .
She has been waking before 5 a.m. and walking to the bus stop , while it 's dark , with her children to begin a long journey to her job and to drop them off at school or a friend 's home .
" It was scary at times , " she said .
" You do n't even know who 's out there .
I was always looking over my shoulder .
" I just ca n't believe I won .
I 'm real happy . "
In the parking lot , the crowd was dancing .
But the bass of Ludacris ' latest single blasting from the dealership 's loudspeakers was secondary inspiration for one Atlanta grandmother .
Fifty - one - year - old Vermelle Jackson was so excited to have a 2005 Mercury Sable to drive around grandchildren , nieces and nephews that she swiveled her hips around and dipped it shockingly low to the ground .
" Lord Jesus . ...
He brought this car to me , baby ! " she shouted , arms raised .
" This is God 's work ! "
Actually , the giveaway idea came from Chris White , the jovial , hand - shaking manager of Nissan South .
" I knew someone who knew someone who knew Luda and , you know , we just made it happen , " White said .
The concept seemed like a winner for everyone .
Like many dealerships , Nissan South has not yet been reimbursed for the money it spent upfront during the federal government 's Cash for Clunkers program that allowed customers to trade in older cars for $ 3,500 or $ 4,500 credit .
When the popular program ended August 24 , the car dealer did n't want to turn away customers who kept streaming in , expecting to get the same discounts .
So Nissan South continued giving customers identical low rates and taking their used cars .
The Cash for Clunkers program and the continued discounts totaled nearly $ 800,000 in the hole for the dealership , said owner Scott Smith .
" We 're grateful for the Clunkers program because it really helped business , but it 's a lot of money to be without , " he said .
At the end of the year , the cars given away under the Luda program , which were not technically acquired during the Clunkers program , may be eligible as charity tax write - offs .
" We like to think of it as not being about the write - offs , " White said .
" It 's more like we had a chance to do something positive in the community that is going through a really hard time right now . "
White helped place a few radio spots and within two days , more than 2,000 essays had been sent in .
That number quickly shot to close to 4,000 .
Ludacris and his mother , Roberta Shields , who directs his foundation and helped give away the cars Sunday , and the rapper 's foundation staff of about a dozen helped read the essays .
To validate the stories they found most compelling , they made phone calls and interviewed people who knew the finalists .
" We ended up calling a homeless shelter to reach one gentleman whose cell phone had gone out , and he was recharging it , " Shields said .
" We did n't know if we'd get ahold of him , but we finally did .
All he wanted was a car to help him go out for job interviews . "
Ludacris was particularly moved by the story of a Sudanese refugee who has experienced every hardship imaginable , the least of which was a broken - down car .
The two sat down Sunday and had a long talk .
" That 's one of those stories that really had me like , man , I thought I had faced some adversities in life , " the rapper said in a quiet moment away from the crowd .
" But I 've not faced adversities at all compared to what he 's been through .
I cannot imagine going through what he 's gone through and still be that strong . "
Mading Duor , who escaped civil war and was providing for his four children on a school maintenance worker 's salary , was crossing a street in Decatur , Georgia , when a driver ignored a crosswalk and hit and killed his 4 - year - old son .
Karen McCrea , who attends church with Duor , wrote the winning essay .
" I do n't expect anyone to understand [ what I have been through ] , but I know that people come to me with a good heart now , " he said .
" I could n't believe it when she called me to tell me .
I said , ' You are kidding !
It can not be ! ' "
Neither McCrea , from Atlanta 's affluent Buckhead area , nor Duor , neatly dressed in a shirt buttoned to the collar , seemed like Ludacris ' demographic .
They nodded their heads to his music anyway , smiling .
" Oh , I know his music , I know it , yes , " Duor said .
" I will play it [ in my car ] . "
All About Ludacris • Atlanta
It looked – at first – eerily like a routine news event .
A man in a nondescript dark suit standing at a podium in one of the smaller meeting rooms on the 13th floor of the National Press Club .
But then suddenly it was n't .
" There is only one way to do business and that is to pass a climate bill quickly so this December President Obama can go to Copenhagen and negotiate with a strong position , " said the speaker – who said he represented the US Chamber of Commerce .
The statement represented a complete repudiation of the Chamber 's earlier opposition to climate change legislation .
The hard line had triggered walk - outs from Apple and a handful of other high - profile companies in the past few weeks .
The companies are trying to press the business organisation to support the bill by the senators John Kerry and Barbara Boxer that is to be debated by the Senate next week .
Or maybe not .
Barely 20 minutes into the Q&A section of the press conference , an agitated spokesman for the Chamber burst into the room , screaming that the event was a hoax .
Score one for the Yes Men , who claimed responsibility for the prank .
A number of news organisations and environmental groups were taken in .
Several green organisations tweeted or blogged on the about - face .
Reuters news agency put out a straight news story about the Chamber 's apparent U- turn , and the Washington Post and New York Times put the story on their news sites ( both later removed the stories from their websites ) .
CNBC actually sought – and got – comment from analysts .
It also broke its programming to have a reporter read out the fake press release .
The spoof got under way with a press release inviting journalists to a morning news conference .
Most reporters overlooked the misspelling of the Chamber president 's name .
The phony spokesman said the Chamber was not happy with the bill before the Senate and would push for a carbon tax – not the greenest of positions .
But he added : " If cap and trade is all we can get we have to take it so at least we can have something to put in President Obama 's hands when he goes to Copenhagen . "
He went out even further on a limb when he called clean coal " a hoax " , saying the money would be better spent on solar energy research .
" Clean technology has not only not been proven .
It basically does n't exist , " he said .
It was about that time , the real Chamber spokesman burst into the room – and had a mild shoving match at the podium .
" What happened today was a fraud and I believe illegal , " Eric Wohlschlegel said .
The spokesman said he learned of the hoax when a reporter came to the Chamber office looking for the press conference .
Wohlschlegel said he immediately leaped into a taxi .
The spoof appears to be a joint production of the Yes Men , a group of activists who get their point across by impersonating greedy executives .
Last month , the Yes Men took on global warming , producing fake copies of the New York Post with a banner headline declaring : " We 're screwed " .
Two other activist groups also claimed credit .
In a statement today , the Yes Men said the stunt was intended to show how climate policy was being held hostage to corporate greed .
" The Chamber 's position against climate legislation is completely troglodytic , " said Andy Bichlbaum , who impersonated the Chamber spokesman .
" The rest of the world sees the need for urgent action on the climate .
The rest of the world 's rich countries have pledged large emissions reductions .
With scientists saying if we do n't reduce carbon emissions , then sooner or later we 're doomed , the Chamber represents corporate America at its most backwards . "
The statement went on to flag up a Yes Men rally tomorrow morning and the release of their new documentary later this week .
And while a number of reporters still pressed Wohlschlegel for signs of a shift in the Chamber 's position , he soon set them straight .
The Chamber was as opposed to climate change legislation as ever .
Here ’s a little more beauracratic idiocy WHICH CAN BE CHANGED .
Problem gambling destroys lives .
In 1999 , the Australian Productivity Commission reported that Australia had nearly 180,000 poker machines .
This figure represented 21 % of all the poker machines in the world .
On a per capita basis , Australia had roughly five times as many gaming machines as the United States .
Today in Australia , we have 25 % of the world ’s poker machines .
The “ Lucky Country ” has approximately one poker machine per every 110 people .
In the state of Victoria , Australia ( where I live ) the social cost of too many slot machines has become too great .
We have the largest casino in Australia – Crown Casino – which is a boom for our tourism industry .
However , we also have too many pokies venues which do not attract tourists – they attract people with financial problems from our poorest communities who are lured by the remote prospect that they will win money to relieve their financial stress .
In reality they do n’t win .
In reality problem gambling destroys families .
It bankrupts individuals and business alike .
It destroys the fabric of a healthy and prosperous community .
Problem gambling destroys lives .
A 2010 Australian hospital study found that 17 % of suicidal patients admitted to the Alfred Hospital ‘s emergency department were problem gamblers .
The gambling problem in Victoria is a direct reason that income - generating crime ( such as theft , fraud , break and enter , forgery , false pretences , larceny and robbery ) have increased .
A report commissioned by the Victorian Government ( Department of Justice ) titled “ The Relationship Between Crime and Gambling In Victoria ” concludes :
All in all , this report has provided strong and robust evidence of a positive and significant link between gaming expenditure and the level of crime ( in particular income - generating crime ) in Victoria across the three years ( 1996 , 2001 & 2006 ) under review in this investigation .
Gambling affects not just the gambler , but at least five people directly who suffer from the flow - through effects of gambling addiction .
Problem gambling frequently results in strained relationships , divorce , homelessness and the loss of respect amongst families and peers .
Gambling also accounts for approximately 4.12 % of all personal ( non-business ) bankruptcies .
In actuality , this figure is likely to be much higher as it is interesting to note that bankrupting on gambling related debts in Australia is an offence under the Bankruptcy Act 1966 .
Our government has created this problem by allowing our state to become saturated by pokies venues because they can’t resist the revenue generated by gambling .
Last year , $ 2.6 billion in gambling turnover generated about $ 1 billion in gaming taxes for the Victorian state government .
Our largest retailer and supermarket – Woolworths – owns more than a third of Victoria ’s poker machines – although you wo n’t find this fact on their website .
They prefer their mask to come across as community - caring – not a contributor to its collapse .
Do we blame the government or do we blame the individual with the gambling problem ?
Surely each person is responsible for their own actions ?
Gambling is just another addiction perpetuated by the sad and sorry state of this world .
Until we change our societal structure to promote wisdom and genuine happiness , those who make the law are responsible for the negative consequences that their laws propagate .
We can change this law .
One million people can say NO , the people of Victoria do not want this number of poker machines in our state because it is damaging our community .
KINDLY REMOVE THEM .
If the government does not act , we raise awareness by leasing massive billboards TELLING the goverment again to listen to the people .
We unite and direct our coordinated energy by having one million signatures present on a petition .
If they still wo n’t listen , there will be one million people protesting in the city streets until we ARE listened to .
The governments are there to serve the people and make wise choices for our future .
They are not in power to screw us over yet again .
And a word from the wise ….
… poker machine playing is a mindless , repetitive and insidious form of gambling which has many undesirable features .
It requires no thought , no skill or social contact .
The odds are never about winning .
Watching people playing the machines over long periods of time , the impressionistic evidence at least is that they are addictive to many people .
Historically poker machines have been banned from Western Australia and we consider that , in the public interest , they should stay banned .
— Report of the Royal Commission into Gambling 1974 , p. 72
Show us your balls Western Australia !!
If they can do it , why ca n ’t we ?
Oh , that ’s right , we can …
We ’re looking for one million residents of the world who want change .
If you have n’t already , read our mission here .
Rich consumers are still voraciously gobbling up the world 's resources , despite the worst recession in a generation , with their appetite pushing the planet into " ecological debt " from today , according to a report by think - tank the new economics foundation .
This " ecological debt day " marks the point in the year when consumption around the world exceeds the Earth 's annual " biocapacity " — so for the remainder of the year , we will be eating into environmental resources that will not be replaced , according to nef 's calculations .
Andrew Simms , nef 's director , said the deep recession had delayed this " ecological debt day " by only 24 hours compared with last year , when it fell on 24 September .
He warned that as G20 leaders gather in Pittsburgh to discuss global finance , there is a risk that the world economy will be kick - started again , without learning the lessons of the " consumption explosion " .
" Debt - fuelled over - consumption not only brought the financial system to the edge of collapse , it is pushing many of our natural life support systems toward a precipice .
Politicians tell us to get back to business as usual , but if we bankrupt critical ecosystems no amount of government spending will bring them back , " he said .
In the UK , nef warns of increasing dependence on overseas energy , declining self - sufficiency in food , and the proliferation of " boomerang trade " — sending goods to foreign markets and receiving almost identical items back .
The research also underlines the yawning gap between the energy consumption of the world 's poorest people , and the rich .
Just 7 % of the global population produces 50 % of greenhouse gas emissions .
A typical American will by 4 am on January 2 have produced as many emissions as a Tanzanian generates in a year .
Nef argues that while the arrival of reliable electricity and other energy resources could bring enormous improvements in life expectancy and quality of life in developing countries , when consumption increases above a certain level , it will stop improving people 's health or happiness .
Beyond this point , they say , " to increase human well - being , the focus should shift away from a quantitative focus on income and consumption , towards more qualitative improvements in the human environment to do with culture , civic , community and family life , long - term learning and those other dimensions that contribute to relatively long and happy lives . "
The analysis suggests many countries have passed far beyond saturation point , into wasteful " overconsumption " .
In the past 50 years , the report argues , people in the rich world have changed their lifestyles radically , and " in doing so , we have generally assumed that the resources and energy these activities rely on are limitless and cheap . "
In the 1970s , the average household in the UK had 17 domestic appliances , for example - but that had almost trebled , to 47 , by 2006 , and is expected to continue rising .
Yet in fact , consumption has begun to gnaw away at natural resources at a rate which can not be sustained .
Concern about the damage caused by the unrestrained pursuit of economic growth echoes a call by President Nicolas Sarkozy last week for politicians to look beyond GDP , to wider measures of the quality of life .
Sarkozy published a report from Nobel prize - winning economists Joseph Stiglitz and Amartya Sen , advocating a broader approach to assessing the health of an economy .
These arguments have been given added urgency by the financial crisis , which undermined the arguments for unfettered consumption - fuelled growth .
" For years , we proclaimed the financial world a creator of wealth , until we learned one day that it had accumulated so much risk that it plunged us into chaos , " Sarkozy said last week .
Simms calls for a radical redistribution between the millions of " underconsumers , " in the poorest countries , whose lives could be transformed by small amounts of energy a year — and the bloated overconsumers in the rest of the world .
" We need a radically different approach to ' rich world ' consumption .
While billions in poorer countries subsist , we consume vastly more and yet with little or nothing to show for it in terms of greater life satisfaction .
Defusing the consumption explosion will give us the chance of better lives , " he said .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
WWF reports that ExxonMobil has ignored a petition from more than 50,000 people demanding they suspend activities harming the Western gray whale — one of the world ’s most endangered whales ( Red List : Critically Endangered , only 35 reproductive females left ) .
Thousands of signatures from around the world were delivered to the CEO of ExxonMobil in Texas and in Moscow just as the first whales arrived at their summer feeding grounds .
Sadly , the whales ’ breeding grounds are ground zero for Exxon ’s Sakhalin I oil and gas project .
The petition urges Exxon and other oil companies to suspend all oil and gas development near the whale ’s habitat off Sakhalin Island and calls for the creation of the Sakhalin Marine Federal Wildlife Reserve .
Despite requests for a response within a two week deadline — and despite ExxocnMobil ’s claims to “ seek to eliminate incidents with environmental impact ” — Exxon remains silent .
The Dollar Meltdown : S... Goyette , Charles Best Price : $ 0.10 Buy New $ 4.00 ( as of 04:10 EST - Details )
Before modern ventilation systems , coal miners would often take a caged canary underground with them .
In the presence of deadly gases , the canary would first stop singing and soon die .
That was all the evacuation warning early miners needed .
The price of gold is a referendum on the quantity and quality of paper money and , like the canary in the coal mine , it is signaling a warning : theres trouble with the dollar reserve standard .
Around the world the alert are looking for ways to abandon it .
Americans have had a pretty good , if undeserved , deal since the end of World War II .
First the dollar exchange standard buttressed the value of the US dollar as other nations began to hold their reserves in dollars and issue their own currencies against them  as they once had issued their currencies as a claim check for precious metals .
The idea was that they could hold these dollars without fear because the dollar would forever be exchangeable for gold held in the depositories of the United States .
That didnt last .
The United States issued more dollars than it could possibly redeem at the fixed rates .
In fact , on a single day in March , 1968 , private buyers took 400 tons of gold from the London gold pool .
With the demand to exchange dollars for gold beyond containment , in 1971 Nixon closed the gold window and abandoned any pretense of dollar convertibility .
Read the rest of the article
October 9 , 2009
Charles Goyette [ send him mail ] is the author of the upcoming book , The Dollar Meltdown .
The Best of Charles Goyette
Le média a été supprimé
When Barack Obama went to Wall Street last week to make the case for meaningful financial regulation , he took well - deserved shots at some of the villains of the financial crisis : greedy bankers , reckless investors , and captive regulators .
But to that list he could have added credit- rating agencies like Standard & Poor ’s and Moody’s .
By giving dubious mortgage - backed securities top ratings , and by dramatically underestimating the risk of default and foreclosure , the agencies played a key role in inflating the housing bubble .
If we ’re going to reform the system , fixing them should be high on the list .
Illustration by Christoph Niemann
Unfortunately , that ’s not an easy task , since over the years the government has made the agencies an increasingly important part of the financial system .
Rating agencies have been around for a century , and their ratings have been used by regulators since the thirties .
But in the seventies the S.E.C. dubbed the three biggest agencies — S. & P. , Moody ’s , and Fitch — Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations , effectively making them official arbiters of financial soundness .
The decision had a certain logic : it was supposed to make it easier for investors to know that the money in their pension or money - market funds was going into safe and secure investments .
But the new regulations also turned the agencies from opinion - givers into indispensable gatekeepers .
If you want to sell a corporate bond , or package a bunch of mortgages together into a security , you pretty much need a rating from one of the agencies .
And though the agencies are private companies , their opinions can effectively have the force of law .
The ratings often dictate what institutions like banks , insurance companies , and money - market funds can and ca n’t do : money - market funds ca n’t have more than five per cent of their assets in low - rated commercial paper , there are limits on the percentage of non-investment - grade assets that banks can own , and so on .
The conventional explanation of what ’s wrong with the rating agencies focusses on the fact that most of them are paid by the very people whose financial products they rate .
That problem needs to be fixed , and last week the S.E.C. proposed new rules to address conflicts of interest .
But there ’s a much bigger problem , which is that , even though nearly everyone knows that the agencies are compromised and exert too much influence , the system makes it impossible not to rely on them .
In theory , of course , the mere fact that a rating agency says a particular bond is AAA ( close to risk - free ) does n’t mean that investors have to buy it ; the agencies ’ opinions should be just one ingredient in any decision .
In practice , the government ’s seal of approval , coupled with those regulatory requirements , encourages investors to put far too much weight on the ratings .
According to a recent paper on the subject by the academics Darren Kisgen and Philip Strahan , that ’s true even when the agency doing the rating does n’t have a long track record .
During the housing bubble , investors put a huge amount of money into AAA - rated mortgage - backed securities — which would have been fine had the rating agencies ’ judgments been sound .
Needless to say , they were n’t .
Despite subprime borrowers ’ notoriously shaky finances , the agencies failed to allow for the possibility that housing prices might fall sharply .
The rating agencies ’ role in inflating the bubble is well known .
Less obvious is their role in accelerating the crash .
Agencies have typically resisted changing their ratings on a frequent basis , so changes , when they occur , tend to be belated , widespread , and big .
In the space of just a few months between late 2007 and mid-2008 ( after the housing bubble burst ) , the agencies collectively downgraded an astonishing $ 1.9 trillion in mortgage - backed securities : some securities that had carried a AAA rating one day were downgraded to CCC the next .
Because many institutional investors are prohibited from owning too many low - rated securities , these downgrades necessarily led to forced selling , magnifying the panic , and prevented other investors from swooping in and buying the distressed debt cheaply .
In effect , the current system pushes many big investors to buy high and sell low .
Rating agencies existed long before they carried a government imprimatur , and , their recent dismal performance notwithstanding , they ’ll exist in the future , if only because few investors have the patience to sort through all the bond offerings and structured - finance deals out there .
But we need a divorce : the rating agencies should n’t be government - sanctioned and government - protected institutions and their judgments should n’t be part of the rules that govern how investors can act .
Given how rarely real reform happens in Washington , that may sound like a hopeless goal .
But last summer the S.E.C. seriously considered enacting a series of proposals that would have gone some way toward uncoupling the rating agencies from the regulatory system .
The plan fizzled , however , thanks in part to pressure from a surprising source : big investors .
Oddly , the ratings system , broken as it is , remains attractive to many investors who have been burned by it .
For one thing , it provides an easily comprehensible standard : without it , we ’d need to come up with new ways of measuring risk .
More insidiously , the ratings system provides a ready - made excuse for failure : as long as you ’re buying AAA - rated assets , you can say you ’re being responsible .
After the housing crash , though , we know how illusory those AAA ratings can be .
It ’s time for investors to face reality : working with a fake safety net is more dangerous than working without any net at all . ♦
In Detail
In 1969 Dr. Zedillo entered the National Polytechnic Institute , graduating as an economist when he began lecturing .
In 1974 he pursued his master 's and Ph.D. studies at Yale University .
Raised in a working - class family , he joined Mexico 's ruling party in 1971 .
As secretary of the Ministry of Programming and Budget , he controlled Mexico 's huge foreign debt , reduced inflation , and balanced the budget .
Elected president after the assassination of the original PRI ( Institutional Revolutionary Party ) candidate , Luis Donaldo Colosio , he undertook reforms to reduce poverty , root out corruption , and continue democratizing the electoral system .
He is chairman of the board of the Global Development Network and also serves on the board of the Institute for International Economics , the International Crisis Group and the World Economic Forum .
In the post Job Losses are Not the Problem , I noted that the graph from Andy Harless shows that both the rates of job creation and job destruction have declined over time , and I invited speculation as to why that has happened .
Steven Davis of the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business sends an email with more than just speculation , there are links to two of his papers on these issues .
The first looks at the declining rate of job loss and why it matters :
The Decline of Job Loss and Why It Matters , by Steven J. Davis , University of Chicago , Graduate School of Business , American Economic Review : Papers & Proceedings 2008 , 98:2 , 263–267 : [ AEA Papers & Proceedings ] :
There is considerable evidence that American workers face lower risks of job loss in recent years than 10 , 20 , or 30 years earlier .
I summarize some of the evidence for this claim and explain why the decline of job loss matters .
My attention centers on “ unwelcome ” job loss : employer - initiated separations that lead to unemployment , temporary or persistent drops in earnings , and other significant costs for job losers .
Since there is no fully satisfactory statistic for the incidence of job loss , I consider several measures and data sources .
I. The Decline of Job Loss The Federal - State Unemployment Insurance Program provides cash benefits to experienced workers who become unemployed “ through no fault of their own ” and who meet other requirements that vary somewhat by state .
Administrative data on new claims for unemployment benefits under this program provide a useful indicator for cyclical and longer - term movements in job loss rates .
Drawing on these data , Figure 1 shows a dramatic decline in new claims for unemployment benefits since the 1970s and early 1980s .
New claims average 0.24 percent of employment per week from January 2004 to November 2007 , slightly below the 0.26 percent average from January 1996 to December 1999 , and well below any earlier period covered by the data .
The new claims rate responds to changes over time in eligibility requirements and takeup rates , as well as in the incidence of job loss .
Thus , it is important to ask how other job loss indicators compare to Figure 1 .
Davis et al. ( 2007 ) consider the longer - term evolution of monthly unemployment inflow rates , as measured from Current Population Survey ( CPS ) data on unemployment by duration .
They report that unemployment inflows fell from about 4 percent of employment per month in the early 1980s to 2 percent or less by the mid-1990s and thereafter .
Robert Shimer ( 2007 , Figure 4 ) and Michael Elsby , Ryan Michaels , and Gary Solon ( 2007 , Figure 2 ) report a similar result .
The downward drift in monthly unemployment inflows is more gradual than the post - 1982 drop in new claims in Figure 1 , but the basic pattern is otherwise similar .
Shigeru Fujita and Garey Ramey ( 2006 ) estimate employment - to - unemployment flows using data on labor force status in short CPS panels , rather than data on unemployment by duration in CPS cross sections .
They also find dramatic declines in employment - to - unemployment flow rates since the early 1980s .
Jay Stewart ( 2002 ) calculates transitions from employment to unemployment using March CPS data from 1976 to 2001 .
...
Stewart ’s approach also yields dramatic declines in employment - to - unemployment flows since the early 1980s .
The declines are concentrated in the 1990s for men and are relatively uniform throughout the 1980s and 1990s for women .
The Displaced Worker Survey ( DWS ) provides yet another source of information about the incidence of job loss .
The DWS has been conducted every two years since 1984 as a supplement to the CPS .
It asks about job loss in the previous three years ( five years before 1996 ) due to plant closure , layoffs , and other reasons unrelated to the worker ’s individual performance .
... Figure 10 in Farber ( 2007 ) shows that the three - year job loss rate in the 2003 –2005 period is at or near its lowest level since the inception of the DWS , about one - third below the 1981 –1983 period , and nearly identical to the corresponding rate for the 1987–1989 and 1997 –1999 periods .
Measures of ( gross ) job destruction by employers also point to declining risks of job loss for US workers .
The job destruction rate is calculated by summing employment declines over all employer units that shrink or exit during a given time interval and then dividing by the overall level of employment to obtain a rate .
This measure captures the rate at which employers eliminate employment positions rather than the rate at which workers lose jobs , but , not surprisingly , the two are closely linked ...
See Davis , R. Jason Faberman , and John Haltiwanger ( 2006 ) for evidence .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) produces quarterly job destruction statistics in its program on Business Employment Dynamics ( BED ) .
These data show sizable declines in the rate of private sector job destruction after the 1990 – 1991 recession and again after the 2001 recession ( Faberman 2006 and BLS data ) .
Private sector job destruction averages about 6.5 percent of employment per quarter from the first quarter of 2005 to the first quarter of 2007 ( BLS data ) , lower than any other period back to 1990 ( Faberman 2006 ) .
Job destruction measures constructed from the Longitudinal Business Database at the Bureau of the Census also show a decline in private sector destruction rates after the early to mid-1980s ( Davis et al. 2007 ) .
Quarterly data for the manufacturing sector pieced together from multiple sources suggest that job destruction rates have trended downward since the early 1960s ( Davis , Faberman , and Haltiwanger 2006 ) .
Summing up , a variety of indicators based on household surveys , establishment surveys , and administrative records show a long - term decline in the risk of job loss facing US workers .
New claims for unemployment benefits and CPS based measures of employment - to - unemployment flows imply dramatic declines in the risk of job loss since the 1970s and early 1980s .
Job destruction measures from various sources also point to large declines in the risk of job loss .
The DWS is something of an outlier in suggesting that essentially the entire long - term decline in the risk of job loss reflects a recovery from the deep recession of the early 1980s .
This body of evidence is sharply at odds with populist rhetoric about declining job security for American workers , a view some economists have also espoused .
I refer the reader to Davis ( 2007 ) for a detailed critique of claims that American workers have suffered a long - term decline in job security .
Here , I pause only to highlight a basic , but crucial , distinction between the risk of job loss and the durability of employment relationships .
Many observers interpret declines in the durability of employment relationships ( e.g. , declines in median job tenure ) as evidence of an increased risk of unwelcome job loss and a decline in job security .
This interpretation is unwarranted .
Job tenure statistics do not inform us about job security or the risk of job loss for the simple reason that most employment relationships do not end with an employer - initiated separation .
Indeed , data from the BLS Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey imply that layoffs and discharges for cause account for only 36 percent of worker - employer separations in the 2001 to 2006 period , much lower than the percentage accounted for by workers who quit a job ( Davis 2007 ) .
The 36 percent figure may be an understatement , but even if employers initiate 70 percent of all separations — an extremely dubious proposition — one cannot form reliable inferences about job security and the risk of unwelcome job loss from statistics on the durability of employment relationships .
Moreover , workers are more prone to quit when labor market conditions are tight and job opportunities are plentiful .
In light of this well - documented pattern and the high share of worker - initiated separations , one might just as well interpret declines in job tenure as evidence that workers now enjoy a greater abundance of attractive job opportunities .
This interpretation merits just as much weight — and just as little — as the claim that shorter job tenures imply an erosion of job security for American workers .
Two points .
First , Jacob Hacker has been one of the people leading the effort to highlight The Great Risk Shift , and I would guess he'd argue , based upon past remarks , that job loss and income volatility is only one part of his argument :
[ F] amily income volatility is scarcely the only measure of economic insecurity or the “ risk shift ” that I and others have discussed .
Only one chapter in my book is about family income instability .
The rest are about pensions , health care , the decline in traditional job security , the increasing debt burdens reflected in families ’ financial balance sheets — in short , about the whole range of economic risks that Americans face .
Many of these risks , such as health costs , retirement insecurity , bankruptcy , and mortgage foreclosure , either do not show up in the incomes of working - age people or show up only weakly .
As I put it in The Great Risk Shift , “ The up - and - down movement of income among working - age families is a powerful indicator of the economic risks faced by Americans today .
Yet economic insecurity is also driven by the rising threat to families ’ financial well - being posed by budget - busting expenses like catastrophic medical costs , as well as by the massively increased risk that retirement has come to represent , as more and more of the responsibility of planning for the post - work years has shifted onto Americans and their families .
When we take in this larger picture , we see an economy not merely changed by a matter of degrees , but fundamentally transformed — from an all - in - the - same boat world of shared risk toward a go - it - alone world of personal responsibility . ”
Second , the graph from Andy Harless in this post shows that the rate of job creation is falling at the same rate as the rate of job destruction .
An evaluation of the risks faced by workers must also take account of the declining probability of finding a job after a job loss .
If the paper covers this point ( and it may have , I read it quickly ) , I missed it .
Moving on , the second paper examines " the empirical relationship between the decline in business variability and job destruction and the decline in unemployment flows . "
In essence , this paper associates the changes in the rate of job loss with The Great Moderation .
If business volatility is higher after the recession than before , as many expect it will be , it will be interesting to see if the change in the rate of job loss and unemployment flows accords with the predictions of this model ( I should note that one of the co-authors is a former graduate student ) :
Business Volatility , Job Destruction , and Unemployment , by Steven J. Davis , R. Jason Faberman , John Haltiwanger , Ron Jarmin , and Javier Miranda , 9 August 2009 : Trends in the volatility of economic activity attract considerable attention .
Many recent studies examine the " great moderation " episode in aggregate U.S. fluctuations .
[ 1 ]
Another recent line of research finds a secular decline in the variability of business - level changes .
In this regard , R. Jason Faberman ( 2008 ) documents a decline in the rate at which jobs are reallocated across establishments .
Steven J. Davis , John Haltiwanger , Ron S. Jarmin and Javier Miranda ( 2006 ; hereafter DHJM ) document a decline in the cross-sectional dispersion of business growth rates and in the time - series volatility of business growth rates .
[ 2 ]
The secular decline in business - level variability measures roughly coincides with a marked decline in the magnitude of unemployment flows .
Inflows , for example , fell from 4 percent of employment per month in the early 1980s to about 2 percent per month by the mid 1990s .
In this paper , we quantify the empirical relationship between the decline in business variability and job destruction and the decline in unemployment flows .
To do so , we relate industry - level movements in the incidence and duration of unemployment to industry - level movements in several indicators of variability and job destruction .
...
The industry - level data provide strong evidence that changes in business volatility , dispersion , job reallocation and job destruction account for big changes in the incidence of unemployment .
This key result holds in the annual and the quarterly data .
We estimate , for example , that a decline of 100 basis points in an industry ’s quarterly job destruction rate lowers its monthly unemployment inflow rate by 28 basis points with a standard error of 4 basis points .
...
To put the estimate in perspective , the quarterly job destruction rate for the U.S. private sector fell by 174 basis points from 1990 to 2005 .
Multiplying this drop by its estimated effect yields a decline of 48 basis points in the unemployment inflow rate , which amounts to 55 percent of the drop in the unemployment inflow rate from 1990 to 2005 and 22 percent of its average value .
Analogous calculations based on our estimates with annual data imply that falling job destruction rates account for 28 percent of the larger drop in unemployment inflow rates from 1982 to 2005 .
...
An interesting question raised by our results is what drives the secular declines in business variability , job destruction and unemployment inflows .
Our study does not provide a definitive answer to this question , but we show that the basic pattern holds across major industries in the U.S. economy .
We interpret this pattern as reflecting a secular decline in the intensity of idiosyncratic labor demand shocks .
...
Other interpretations of the same basic patterns are also possible , as we briefly discuss .
We also develop some implications of our findings for the unemployment rate and its cyclical behavior .
Simple approximations and decompositions along the lines of those used by Robert Shimer ( 2007 ) , Michael Elsby , Ryan Michaels and Gary Solon ( 2009 ) and Shigeru Fujita and Garey Ramey ( 2009 ) establish three results .
First , the steady state unemployment rate fell by 43 log points from 1976 - 1985 to 1996 - 2005 .
Second , nearly the entirety of this decline reflects a drop in the unemployment inflow rate .
This result , when combined with our estimates , implies that the secular fall in job destruction accounts for about a quarter to a half of the long - term decline in the unemployment rate .
Third , while we focus on low frequency behavior , our findings also have implications for cyclical dynamics .
In particular , the big secular decline in unemployment inflows implies a fall by half in the sensitivity of the unemployment rate to cyclical movements in the job - finding rate .
More generally , our results highlight the dependence of short run unemployment dynamics on the background level of business volatility and job destruction .
...
‘ ram skull ’ , 2007 ( altered cassette tapes ) image courtesy of the artist and kinz + tillou fine art
atlanta based artist brian dettmer creates intricate sculptural skeletons using altered cassette tapes .
dettmer began creating the pieces in 2005 as he was thinking about the demise of analog media in the increasingly digital world .
one day as dettmer was walking down the street he spotted a dead bird and an idea hit him .
‘ here was this thing that used to live , its used to fly around and play a vital role , and now it is dead and all that remains is the solid material . ’ dettmer was quick to extrapolate this idea linking the bird ’s life to that of the cassette .
he transformed the skeleton of old cassettes into literal animal skeletons .
this lead to a series of 12 human skulls made from tapes , each with a different theme like heavy metal or hard rock .
the most complex piece in this body of work is a full skeleton made from over 180 cassettes .
all the pieces are made using only cassettes tapes with no glue , tape or other outside materials .
while dettmer could n’t revel his process to designboom , he did tell us that he heats the plastic up so he can literally form and weld them with his wet hands and other tools .
http://www.briandettmer.com
‘ ram skull ’ , 2007 ( altered cassette tapes ) image courtesy of the artist and kinz + tillou fine art
‘ elk ’ , 2007 ( altered cassette tapes ) image courtesy of the artist and toomey tourell fine art
‘ skull 11 ( 80 ’s metal ) ’ , 2007 ( altered cassette tapes ) image courtesy of the artist
‘ dead bird ’ , 2005 ( altered cassette tapes ) image courtesy of the artist and packer schopf gallery
‘ dead bird ’ , 2005 ( altered cassette tapes ) image courtesy of the artist and packer schopf gallery
‘ bull skull ’ , 2007 ( altered cassette tapes ) images courtesy of the artist and mito gallery
‘ bull skull ’ , 2007 ( altered cassette tapes ) image courtesy of the artist and mito gallery
‘ skeleton ’ , 2006 ( altered cassette tapes ) image courtesy of the artist and packer schopf gallery
‘ skeleton ’ , 2006 ( altered cassette tapes ) image courtesy of the artist and packer schopf gallery
‘ skeleton ’ , 2006 ( altered cassette tapes ) image courtesy of the artist and packer schopf gallery
Rep. Don Young ( R - AK )
Representative Don Young is a nineteen - term member of Congress , representing Alaska at - large .
Rep .
Young served as Chairman of the House Resources Committee from 1994 to 2000 , and as the Chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee from 2000 to 2006 .
In the 111th Congress , Rep . Young lost his position as ranking member of the House Natural Resources Committee when House Minority Leader Rep. John Boehner did not support Rep .
Young ’s efforts to maintain his leadership role on the committee .
Rep .
Young ’s ethics violations stem from the misuse of his position to benefit family and friends and to steer millions of dollars in earmarks to corporations in exchange for contributions to his campaign committee and political action committee , Midnight Sun PAC ( MSPAC ) .
Rep .
Young is currently under federal investigation for ( 1 ) his role in securing a $ 10 million earmark for a road in Florida ; ( 2 ) assistance he offered to convicted VECO Corporation CEO Bill Allen ; and ( 3 ) his ties to convicted lobbyist Jack Abramoff .
At one time Rep .
Young was being investigated for his financial relationship with convicted businessman Dennis Troha .
Rep .
Young was included in CREW ’s 2007 and 2008 congressional corruption reports .
Earmarking Transportation Funds to a Campaign Donor
The Department of Justice ( DOJ ) is currently investigating whether Rep .
Young earmarked $ 10 million dollars for a construction project in exchange for campaign donations .
In 2005 , while in Florida to discuss upcoming transportation projects , Rep . Young attended a fundraiser held by Daniel Aronoff , a land developer who stood to gain financially from the passage of an Interstate 75 expansion .
The fundraiser brought in $ 40,000 for Rep. Young and Mr. Aranoff personally donated a total of $ 3,000 to Rep.
Young ’s campaign committee and PAC .
Shortly after his Florida trip , Rep .
Young earmarked $ 10 million in the fiscal year 2006 transportation bill for I - 75 improvements .
After the Lee County Metropolitan Planning Organization voted to block the interchange because it could threaten nearby wetlands , Rep .
Young threatened to revoke the money entirely .
In 2008 , both the House and Senate voted to direct the DOJ to launch an investigation into the 2005 earmark for the interchange at Coconut Road .
After the calls for the inquiry , Rep .
Young admitted that he sponsored the earmark and that his staff “ corrected ” an already enrolled bill by inserting the earmark shortly before the bill went to the White House to be signed by the president .
Earmarking Transportation Funds for Bridges
In the 109th Congress , Rep .
Young earmarked over $ 400 million dollars to Alaska for two bridges serving tiny populations of constituents .
Rep .
Young ’s daughter , Joni Young , and his son - in - law , Art Nelson , own land near one of the proposed bridges and stand to profit if the project is completed .
After negative press coverage and pressure from colleagues , Rep .
Young agreed to release the obligation that the earmarked money be used for the specific bridges .
The funds were still given to Alaska , however , as part of the state ’s general federal highway allotment fund from which legislators can still fund the bridge projects .
Association with VECO Corporation
Rep .
Young is the subject of a criminal inquiry into whether he accepted bribes , illegal gratuities or unreported gifs from VECO corporation .
VECO President Peter Leathard has been quoted saying his company works to elect politicians that back mineral exploration .
To that end , since 2002 , VECO executives have donated $ 89,500 to the Rep.
Young ’s campaign committee and PAC .
The corruption probe of VECO led to conviction of several of his fellow Alaskan politicians .
Sen .
Ted Stevens ( R - AK ) was convicted on seven counts of failing to disclose gifts he received from VECO CEO Bill Allen , but the conviction was later voided due to prosecutorial misconduct .
Rep .
Young ’s office confirmed he is under investigation by the Department of Justice for his ties VECO .
The status of the investigation has been complicated by the voiding of Sen. Stevens ’ conviction ; but DOJ claims that its investigation continues to move forward .
During Sen. Stevens ’ trial , summaries of interviews between Mr. Allen and FBI officials became public .
Mr. Allen disclosed that VECO Vice President Rick Smith organized golf outings for Rep .
Young where participants each contributed $ 100 to the congressman as a “ thank you . ”
Mr. Smith pled guilty to bribery and conspiracy .
When the DOJ investigation into VECO surfaced , Rep . Young ’s campaign wrote a $ 37,626 check to reimburse Mr. Allen for the annual pig roasts he had hosted for the congressman .
The check was never cashed and the campaign subsequently gave the $ 37,626 to the U.S. Treasury .
Association with PBS&J
Rep .
Young has received campaign contributions from employees of Florida based construction firm PBS&J .
The firm ’s chairman pleaded guilty to violating federal campaign laws in July of 2007 after a federal investigation revealed that he was reimbursing PBS&J employees for making donations to favored candidates .
PBS&J previously had received a federal grant to conduct a study of the Rep .
Young ’s proposed bridges and in June 2006 , prepared a cost estimate review study analyzing the construction planning .
Three PBS&J executives have been convicted for their part in a long - running scheme to circumvent campaign election laws .
In October 2007 , the Federal Election Commission launched it ’s own investigation into the illegal campaign contributions and use of political action committees by PBS&J .
Ties to Jack Abramoff
Rep .
Young ’s ties to convicted lobbyist Jack Abramoff are the subject of a grand jury investigation .
In September 2002 , Rep. Young and Ohio Rep. Steve LaTourette sent a letter to the General Service Administration ( GSA ) urging it to “ give preferential treatment to organizations such as Indian tribes ” during the development of the Old Post Office Pavilion in Washington , D.C. Mr. Abramoff was representing the tribes hoping to secure lease space in the building .
Just weeks after sending the letter to the GSA , Rep .
Young ’s PAC received $ 7,000 from Mr. Abramoff ’s tribal clients and another $ 5,000 before the end of 2002 .
Members of Rep. Young ’s staff have also been linked to Mr. Abramoff .
When Duane Gibson left his position as Rep . Young ’s chief of staff to join Mr. Abramoff , he recommended that Mark Zachares be given a job with the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee , which Rep .
Young chaired .
In April of 2007 , Mr. Zachares pleaded guilty to bribery charges .
In his plea agreement , Mr. Zachares admitted that his intent was to use his position in the House Transportation Infrastructure Committee to steer clients toward Mr. Abramoff ’s firm with the promise that eventually Mr. Abramoff would hire him .
In 2001 , Rep . Young , as the new chairman of the Transportation Committee , hired Fraser Verrusio to serve as director of outreach for the committee .
The following year , Mr. Verrusio was promoted to policy director .
In March 2009 , Mr. Verrusio was indicted by a grand jury in the Abramoff lobbying scandal on charges of conspiracy and illegal gratuity for attending an all - expense paid trip to the World Series and failing to report the gift .
The grand jury contends that in exchange for the trip to the World Series , Mr. Verrusio conspired with lobbyists , a Senate aide and an equipment rental company to alter a federal highway bill .
Mr. Verrusio was the second Rep .
Young aide to be charged in the Abramoff scandal .
After claiming that he had no relationship , personal or professional , with Mr. Abramoff it was discovered that in 2000 , Rep .
Young had used Mr. Abramoff ’s MCI skybox tickets for two events , which he did not report to the FEC until after the Abramoff scandal broke .
Records exposed in 2008 from two of Mr. Abramoff ’s law firms show over 120 contacts with Rep . Young and his staff – including ten with Rep .
Young himself – over a 25 month period .
Ties to Dennis Troha
In April of 2007 , the FBI and the U.S. Attorney ’s Office for the Eastern District of Wisconsin opened an investigation into an alleged deal between Rep. Young and convicted Wisconsin businessman Dennis Troha .
In the 2005 transportation bill , Rep . Young inserted a controversial item that benefitted Mr. Troha ’s trucking company .
Months before the legislation became law , Rep .
Young received $ 22,000 from Mr. Troha , his family members , JHT executives and their spouses .
In March of 2008 , Mr. Troha was sentenced to probation for his role in an illegal political donation scheme .
Legal Fees
In the last two years , Rep .
Young has paid out over $ 1.1 million in legal fees in connection with the various investigations .
Rep .
Young ’s campaign committee reported debts to one law firm totaling $ 46,042.62 .
Rep .
Young ’s legal defense fund , which was set up to defray the costs of the various investigations , has received $ 28,000 in donations since July of 2008 and has paid out $ 24,000 to Akin , Gump , Strauss & Feld - the firm handling the lawmaker ’s criminal investigations .
If , as it appears , Rep .
Young accepted donations to his campaign and political action committees in direct exchange for earmarking federal funds , he may have committed bribery and honest services fraud .
DOWNLOAD THE FULL REPORT ON REP .
DON YOUNG ( R - AK ) >>
Martin Jacomb gets to the heart of one of the least understood aspects of the bubble that broke the banks : why banks bought and held so much securitized debt .
Under one now - discredited theory , banks made so many toxic mortgage because they could securitize them and offload the risk to others .
But this does n't explain very well why the banks wound up with so much of the toxic securities on their balance sheet .
Banks owned almost half of all the securitized mortgages that were produced during the bubble .
Jacomb's FT op - ed today explains why this happened : because the capital reserve requirements rewarded turning loans into securities and more or less paid banks to hold them .
In short , the rules told banks that the securities were safer and banks behaved as though they were .
( Whether the rule or something else convinced the banks they were safe is another matter . )
From Jacomb :
In fact , at the heart of the present catastrophe was a singular regulatory error : the failure of the Basle international rules to impose weighty capital requirements on the super senior tranche of securitised mortgage obligations held in banks ’ trading books .
It was there that vast quantities of the toxic stuff accumulated .
Because these securities could be held with minimal capital backing , banks thought it was all right to do so , and some built up gigantic portfolios .
When these holdings turned out to be unsaleable except at a huge loss , the disaster was exposed .
People tend to let their eyes glaze over when they hear about Basel rules , assuming they are way too complicated to even bother understanding .
That 's too bad .
Because it 's actually quite easy to see what happened .
Under the international Basel capital requirements , a well - capitalized bank was required to hold $ 4 for every $ 100 in individual mortgages — a 4 % reserve requirement .
But if it held the securitized the AAA and AA tranches , the bank only had to hold $ 1.60 in capital .
That ’s a huge incentive to trade in a loan for a mortgage backed security .
But the capital regulations did more than just create incentives to own mortgage backed securities .
They allowed banks to dramatically grow their balance sheets .
The lower reserve requirement allowed banks to buy even more securities than it could make loans .
A bank with $ 4 billion in reserve could hold $ 100 billion in loans .
But that same $ 4 billion could instead be used to invest in $ 250 billion worth of mortgage backed securities .
Another way of looking at this is that banks were basically making money — turning $ 100 into $ 250 — by flipping mortgages into securities .
And the government rules were , effectively , telling them that this was a perfectly safe thing to do .
Origami – the traditional Japanese art of paper folding – is something that a geek could really get into .
It ’s all about visual math , and problem - solving , but with that artistic nuance as well .
The origami artists below came up with some very cool designs , which we can definitely appreciate , and most of them have a lot more work posted on Flickr – so check it out !
Paper Jedi – phillipwest ( CC ) | Paper Iron Man – jon_tucker ( CC ) | Paper Yoda – phillipwest ( CC ) | Paper Enterprise – ryangreenberg ( CC ) | Paper Fellowship – josephwuorigami ( CC ) | Paper Demon – OrigamiNate ( CC ) | Paper Kobold – josephwuorigami ( CC ) | Paper Dragon – jon_tucker ( CC ) | Another Paper Dragon – scarygami ( CC ) | Paper Phoenix – jon_tucker ( CC )
In the recent wake of Stiletto Stoners , comes part two of Marie Myung - Ok Lee ’s brave and revealing account of how medical cannabis helps her autistic 9 - year old son .
Read part one here .
Marie and her son J. live in Rhode Island , a state where the legislators have both the chutzpah and foresight to have overridden two vetoes from the Governor ( and pressure from the federal government anti-drug officials and law enforcement ) in the last 24 moths to create the legal and public health framework necessary for Ms. Young and her physician to be able to effectively and safely treat J. with cannabis - oil cookies .
This essay , and others by women for whom cannabis plays an important role in their lives , are becoming more and more common in the mainstream media to the point where a forum or advisory body about ‘ women and cannabis ’ is certainly warranted .
NORML wants to convene such a confab in 2010 and seeks input from cannabis consumers and the general public about what kind of topics should be discussed and who should the speakers be .
Please send your suggestions and feedback to : conference@norml.org
This essay was originally published at Doublex.com .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Edited by Tony Mott .
With contributions from Mitch Krpata , Chris Dahlen , Gus Mastrapa , and more .
A Survey of Data Display in JavaScript Debuggers
History
2009-07-02 - Patrick Mueller - initial write - up
Introduction
I thought it would be interesting to compare the methods used to display data in JavaScript debuggers .
I surveyed :
Firebug 1.4.0b4 on FireFox 3.5
Web Inspector in WebKit nightly r45193
Dragonfly in Opera 10.00.6477
I suppose I should test Internet Explorer as well , but I do n't think I have the requisite tooling installed to use the debugger ( if someone wants to contact me offline about how to set up IE for debugging without having a for - pay version of Visual Studio installed , please do ) .
I also included Eclipse 's Java debugger in the survey .
For the test , I constructed an HTML file with some JavaScript code that created a set of data , and then compared how this data was displayed in the various debuggers .
The Data
The data used in the tests was constructed as local variables within a function which was programmatically invoked .
Note , this paper includes a link ( below ) to run the test .
First a set of basic objects is created :
var anInteger = 42 ; var a Float = 6.66 ; var aBoolean = true ; var aString = " Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , ... " ; // 180 chars total var aNull = null ; var anUndefined = undefined ; var aNaN = 1 / undefined ; var anObject = {x : 5 , y : 25} ; var aPrintableObject = {x : 5 , y : 25} ; var aMap = {} ; var anArray = [ ] ; var anArguments = arguments ; var anElement = document.getElementById(" body_title " )
Then , the aMap object has a number of properties added ; a property with the name of each of the variables above is added , with the value being the variable 's value .
Then , the anArray object has a number of elements added ; each of the variable 's value above is added to the list .
The aPrintableObject object is augmented with a toString ( ) method which displays the values of it's properties .
For Java , a method similar to this function is created as a static main for a class .
Note that initial attempts at creating recursive versions of anArray and aMap by adding those objects to themselves resulted in " odd behavior " in some browsers and even the Eclipse debugger .
This should be further investigated , but for the purposes of this exercise , the immediately recursive structures were not used .
To run the test yourself , bring up the JavaScript debugger for your browser , and then click here .
Because there is a debugger statement in the run ( ) function which is invoked , you typically wo n't need to set a breakpoint to get to the point where all the variables are set , however , you will likely need to display and / or enable the debugger before traversing the link .
JavaScript source : test.js
Java source : Test.java
Initial unexpanded variable list
This is the list of variables that the debugger initially displays when it hits the breakpoint .
Notes :
Firebug 's list is unusually larger than the others , looks like it could set the line height a bit smaller .
This beta release of Firebug is currently printing the object representation as undefined .
In previous releases , instead of seeing undefined , you 'd see the result of the object 's toString ( ) method , or the name of the object 's constructor .
Presumably this is a bug in the beta release which will get fixed eventually .
In addition to the toString ( ) representation , or class name , Firebug also displays additional information beside a variable .
For instance , the this variable shows the base name of the url the window is diplaying .
For the aMap variable , it shows some of they key / value pairs in the map .
Although it 's not shown here , because it's not the default behavior , Eclipse can be configured to show the toString ( ) representation of a value instead of the class name and ( useless ) id value .
All of the debuggers use trees to display nested structures , using " disclosure triangle " or " squared plus " glyphs .
Firebug and Eclipse additionally separate the variables and values , keeping the values left aligned to themselves .
We 'll see this causes problems later when the nested structures expand and the values need to be shifted to the right .
Dragonfly 's " squared plus " glyphs for nested structures align with non-nested property names .
Messy .
Firebug and Dragonfly make use of color and font for different values .
Firebug also displays some special values in a " reverse video " style - null and undefined , but not NaN .
Dragonfly makes no attempt at displaying at least the class name for an object , unlike the other debuggers , it just always displays " object " .
Web Inspector and Eclipse only display a small amount of the string .
Dragonfly displays a bit more , but it spills into a second line , messily .
Firebug displays the entire line .
Wonder how long of a string they 'll display ?
Firebug shows the anArguments variable as an array , but no structure , and Web Inspector and Dragonfly show it only as an object .
Having both would be nice , in terms of being able to view it as an array , but also see the properties if expanded .
Though it 's not displayed , expanding the aMap variable results in a sublist for each of the debuggers which is similar to this list itself .
For Eclipse , well , let 's not go there .
Firebug
Web Inspector
Dragonfly
Eclipse
a PrintableObject expanded
In this set of images , we see the aPrintableObject expanded .
Firebug does not display the toString ( ) method , Web Inspector only shows the first line of the function ( pretty useless ) , and Dragonfly shows it as an object .
Worth nothing again that Firebug would typically display the result of the toString invocation beside the aPrintableObject variable , but does n't for this beta release , incorrectly showing undefined instead .
We show the additional area below the variable list for Eclipse in this image .
In this case , we see the toString ( ) representation .
And again , Eclipse can be configured to show this in the variable display , but it 's not the default .
Firebug
Web Inspector
Dragonfly
Eclipse
anArray expanded
In this set of images , we see the anArray variable expanded .
No big surprises based on anything we 've so far .
Except that Web Inspector appears to be sorting the key names alphabetically , which is confusing .
Firebug
Web Inspector
Dragonfly
Eclipse
anElement expanded
The main point in showing this set of images is to demonstrate how generally useless it is .
Rather than display a large number of nested value whose values , it might be nice to optionally filter this list somehow .
The Firebug display has grown significantly wider , presumably to accommodate longer property names after expansion .
This is not a good thing .
Firebug
Web Inspector
Dragonfly
Eclipse
REPL
Each of the JavaScript debuggers supports a REPL in some form .
For this set of images , I sequentially evaluated the variable names aMap , anArray , and anElement .
The results are pretty much what we would expect given what we 've seen so far , with some surprises .
For Firebug and Web Inspector , when anElement is evaluated by itself , it renders an HTML source rendition of the element .
For Web Inspector , the HTML source rendition is also displayed for the element within the anArray variable .
Web Inspector also provides disclosure triangles for nested objects within the console display .
The second Web Inspector image shows the result of clicking on a disclosure triangle ; the results are displayed inline within the console .
Nifty !
Firebug
Web Inspector
Web Inspector with expanded Object
Dragonfly
Summary / Thoughts
As noted , Firebug has a bug or two to work out , but is considered the gold standard of JavaScript debuggers .
Primarily because it 's the only debugger that developers even realize exist today .
But it also currently wins on features alone , including :
displaying toString ( ) representations where appropriate
representations where appropriate use of color to distinguish data types
Dragonfly is the newest of the debuggers , and has some room for growth .
Once some of the styling issues are resolved , it really just needs to add toString ( ) representations where appropriate .
Web Inspector could make use of styling data types ala Firebug and Dragonfly , adding toString ( ) representations where appropriate , and it will then be pretty much up - to - snuff .
General issues concerning all the debuggers is dealing with objects which you 'd like to see different representations .
Web Inspector and Firebug both display nice renderings of HTML elements , but only in the console .
And frankly , this is too browser specific .
Need to think wider , as more folks start to look at using JavaScript on the server .
How can we accommodate application - or user - specific renderings for objects to make debugging that much nicer of an environment .
One feature I did n't show was Eclipse 's Detail Formatters .
A Detail Formatter provides a runtime override of the toString ( ) method for a particular class .
These are stored persistently in your workspace , so you do n't need to edit them every time .
This feature is nice , as it allows you to extend runtime behavior just while debugging - no code was harmed or edited while debugging .
Such a feature would be nice to provide for JavaScript as well .
Developer Tim Schafer has been delivering funny games for the past two decades , but none of them have enjoyed the marketing push of Brutal Legend .
Gaming 's best kept secret has been given the limelight .
Has Schafer and his studio Double Fine created something worthy of all this attention ?
Oh , hell yeah .
This is one of the best games I 've played all year and it provides something we do n't find often enough in this industry : a unique experience .
I 'm pretty sure you 've never played a game quite like this before .
True , a game needs to be more than " different " to work -- it has to be fun .
And Brutal Legend is a lot of fun .
It all kicks off with a hilarious intro poking fun at the softer , more mainstream direction heavy metal has taken in the past couple decades .
Brutal Legend is front heavy with the humor stuff , though .
While the first half hour will have you shooting milk through your nose , the laughs eventually taper off leaving you with a story that is rich and bizarre but lacking in the bite of the opening scenes .
Brutal Legend is a celebration of classic heavy metal and takes every cheap shot it can at hair metal , nu metal , and other diluted variations on the genre .
While the ultimate evil and its minions are truly terrible monsters , the lesser bad guys are made up to resemble glam rockers or emo kids .
It will appeal most to those that spent at least some of their formative years as angsty headbangers although it is n't exclusionary .
The story takes plenty of twists and turns along the way and deals with some interesting themes of quiet heroism and personal sacrifice .
Our hero , Eddie Riggs , is a roadie and knows his place is out of the spotlight .
He 's not here for glory -- he 's here to make someone else look good .
Riggs keeps this same attitude even when he is warped back in time and has the chance to be a real hero and save the world .
Brutal Legend does n't take itself too seriously , but at the same time the story has some substance .
When it comes time to play the game instead of watching you 'll find a mix of genres coming together to create a variety of gameplay opportunities .
Most of the story missions are real - time strategy battles that find you commanding troops on a battlefield made up to look like an epic rock concert .
But the ability to join the fight and deal out a little justice of your own adds some action to the strategy .
Outside of story missions the game can be a beat 'em up or a shooter or a racer .
The pieces all come together well without any of these mechanics feeling tacked on or inadequate .
The RTS - style battles turn out to be great fun in multiplayer , too .
Here players can choose to lead any of the game 's three factions , giving folks a chance to play the bad guys .
Up to eight people can join the fight online with four on each side .
There are seven maps , each with the simple goal of destroying your opponents ' base .
The mode is great fun and happily extends the life of Brutal Legend after a shorter single - player campaign .
Brutal Legend lives up to its name : there is plenty of delightful gore to be found here , although the cartoon art style softens the effect .
Heads are chopped off , blood is splattered , and faces melted , but it 's all in good fun .
The game is rated M for Mature , so theoretically if you 're playing you 're old enough to appreciate that sort of thing , but regardless you can choose to turn the gore on or off at any time .
That might be a handy feature if you have kids that wander into the room from time to time while you 're playing .
The same can be done with the game 's harsh language -- you 'll even get the classic Parental Advisory sticker over any middle fingers that are flipped .
The Associated Press
Marcus Semien and Khris Davis homered early and the Oakland Athletics held off Jose Abreu and the Chicago White Sox in the late innings for a 5 - 3 win Wednesday that sent their AL playoff series to a deciding Game 3 .
A's reliever Jake Diekman walked home a run in the ninth , then retired the big- hitting Abreu on a sharp grounder to end it and even the best - of - three wild - card matchup at 1 - all .
The White Sox went 14 - 0 in the regular season against left - handed starters during the regular season and beat southpaw Jesus Luzardo in the opener .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dogbert and George Lucas walk down a hallway in a movie studio .
Lucas says , " My first film was the 1969 moon landing . "
Lucas shows
Dogbert a globe , an astronaut doll and a model rocket .
Lucas says , " The spacemen were actually Barbie dolls wrapped in aluminum foil . "
Lucas plays with two dolls and says , " Help !
Ken !
Help !
I 'm out of air !
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ! ! "
Dogbert says , " I guess you had help with the writing . "
Share this
From Businessweek , “ Republican gubernatorial candidate Meg Whitman said she wants to cut state spending by another $ 15 billion and reduce California ’s existing state work force by 17 percent , even as the state has wrestled with budget shortfalls in recent years that have led to deep cuts in education and other core programs .
Whitman will outline some of her campaign themes in a speech Tuesday during which she will formally announce her bid for the Republican nomination .
The campaign rollout will be accompanied by a statewide radio ad promoting her business experience , most recently as the chief executive of eBay , the online auction site . ”
Continue reading .
A new group of Labour politicians warned today that the party appeared “ intellectually exhausted ” and could be out of power for a generation unless it produces fresh ideas soon .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The group , including nine former ministers , fired a warning shot at Gordon Brown by urging him to ensure that Labour fights the next general election on a forward - looking manifesto .
They denied that their joint pamphlet and “ Labour Future ” website was part of a plot to oust the Prime Minister before the general election .
The group ’s opening statement said Labour faced a " strong " chance of being swept out of office for a generation , as it was during 18 years of Tory rule from 1979 .
Despite Mr Brown 's efforts to set out his vision , there remained a " widespread perception that Labour ... is intellectually exhausted .
" It is a strong perception and it needs to be countered with a positive agenda and intellectual confidence , " it said , suggesting Labour lacked " a clear progressive agenda " .
Malcolm Wicks , the Prime Minister ’s envoy on international energy matters , who is leading the initiative , told a press conference : “ We are not some partisan faction within the Labour Party .
We have to be honest about it : we are in something of a malaise . ”
He admitted that a betting man would not bet on Labour winning the next election .
" We have got to come up with fresh thinking and fresh policies if we are to be credible as I believe we can be in terms of the next election , ” he said .
Charles Clarke , the former Home Secretary , who has called for Mr Brown to stand down , insisted the new group was about stimulating ideas - not destabilising the Prime Minister .
" It is unfortunate and also inaccurate to interpret it as an act which is inspired by a desire to change the leadership .
It is not , " he said .
" My views are well known on this subject and I am not resiling from them or repeating them .
I do n't think Gordon Brown would regard this as an enemy act .
I think he wants to engage in this kind of debate and we need more of it . ”
Ideas put forward by the 10 individual members of the group include reducing the role of the Navy and RAF to fund Army operations , a minimum alcohol price , scrapping child - related tax credits to provide universal services for young people , earmarked taxation and more charges for public services .
Although the group will avoid direct criticism of Mr Brown , Labour MPs are privately discussing his future again .
He received a rough ride on Monday when he addressed their weekly private meeting and urged them to make any repayments demanded by Sir Thomas Legg , the former Whitehall mandarin auditing the claims of all MPs .
Some Labour insiders say the anger of the party ’s MPs about the Legg review , ordered by Mr Brown in May , has increased the chances of a new push to topple the Prime Minister .
But others say that backbenchers , who have staged two unsuccessful attempted coups , would need heavyweight support from Cabinet ministers to succeed , and there is little sign of that at present .
Some MPs believe the party will have a “ final window of opportunity ” to change its leader before the election after next month ’s Pre-Budget Report .
TheLorax Unicellular Fungi
Join Date : Nov 2008
This is a very timely thread .
We do need to do something or our children and grandchildren will not have a quality of life anywhere near what we have .
We need licenses to fish and hunt .
We need licenses to sell liquor and tobacco .
We need a license to own a gun
We need a license to drive a car
We need a license to breed cats and dogs
We do n't need a license to breed .
Why is that ?
I agree having children is a right however it is a right that should be earned or future generations will suffer even more .
A limit of two seems more than generous based on the fine fix we 've gotten ourselves into .
We need to be honest about where we 're standing at present .
We have n't been able to manage and provide for all the people we have and we do n't have the resources or the technology to provide for any more .
__________________
" In the end we will conserve only what we love ; we will love only what we understand ; we will understand only what we have been taught . "
- Baba Dioum , Senegalese ecologist
Telstra will not cooperate with Federal Government efforts to split the company , describing Senator Conroy 's regulatory reform legislation as " unjust " .
In a late response to a Senate Inquiry into the Telecommunications Legislation Amendment Bill 2009 , Telstra said it will refuse to structurally separate " while ever proposals fail to give fair value to shareholders " .
In sum , Telstra has argued :
That Telstra 's 63 percent share of the market does not equate to market " dominance " .
That the " unjust " threat of being denied access to future mobile spectrum will reduce mobile competition , deny Telstra customers an upgrade path and reduce the amount of finance the Government can raise from spectrum auctions .
That there is little incentive for Telstra to structurally separate while ever Senator Conroy still has the capacity to deny it mobile spectrum .
That any regulatory reform legislation should be delayed until after the Federal Government 's NBN Implementation Study is complete , giving the company more time to negotiate its position with the Government .
That the most likely buyers of Telstra 's stake in Foxtel would be News Corp and Consolidated Media Holdings , reducing competition in the media sector .
That the regulator reform bill allows the ACCC to wield power in an unaccountable fashion .
On structural separation
Telstra argued that the Government should delete Section 33 of the proposed changes to the Telecommunications
Act , in which it was threatened with exclusion from future mobile spectrum auctions unless it structurally separated or sold off its investments in its HFC cable network and Foxtel .
Telstra argued that the Government has given it no guarantees around access to mobile spectrum should it choose to structurally separate , which subsequently gives it little incentive to cooperate .
" There is no certainty that - if Telstra submits a structural separation undertaking , the ACCC accepts that undertaking and Telstra then implements that undertaking - Telstra will be allowed to bid for LTE / 4G spectrum , " the submission said .
" The Minister retains the power to exclude Telstra from LTE spectrum when it becomes available . "
On functional separation
Telstra made a veiled threat to refuse to take part in the NBN process should functional separation be forced upon it .
" One outcome is certain , functional separation will , for many years , divert Telstra management and resources away from migration to the NBN , " the submission said .
Telstra used the example of British Telecom 's functional separation - which took nine years to complete - to argue against this option .
Functional separation " doubles the risk of customer service and billing problems , and , with millions of lines involved , doubles the potential for service chaos , " the carrier said .
Most delays , Telstra added , would be due to " the requirement to re-engineer and / or duplicate IT systems " .
On being denied mobile spectrum
Telstra warned that exclusion from mobile spectrum for 4G / LTE services would create " a potential 4G duopoly between Singtel Optus and Vodafone Hutchison Australia " .
The carrier argued that Australia enjoys a competitive mobile network market , as proven by the ACCC 's approval of the Vodafone / 3 merger .
On forced divestments
Telstra said its shareholders had " invested significant sums " in its Foxtel and HFC cable assets .
" To require them to divest their interests in these assets just as they are becoming profitable is unjust and raises questions of sovereign risk , " the submission said .
Telstra also warned that any sell down in its interests in Foxtel would likely result in News Ltd and Consolidated Media Holdings stepping in to take its place , reducing competition in the media sector .
Further , Telstra said any concerns about a lack of competition in the HFC cable market was bunk .
" The competition arguments for the divestiture of the HFC network have always foundered on the simple fact that there is an alternative network - the Optus HFC cable - in place , " the submission said .
" The imminent arrival of the NBN surely suggests that changing the ownership structure of the Telstra HFC will in no way affect the competitive dynamics on the ground . "
On new ACCC powers
Telstra argued that the legislation affords competition watchdog the ACCC ( Australian Consumer and Competition Commission ) greater powers without the required amount of accountability with it .
" This Bill is highly unusual in that it gives the regulator significant powers without setting out very careful prescriptions on how those powers should be used , " the submission said .
Proposed changes
While standing firm on structural separation , divesture of assets and threats to deny it access to mobile spectrum , Telstra was careful to leave the door open to further negotiation .
" I want to stress that while Telstra continues to support the Government 's vision for the NBN , we believe the Bill to be unnecessary , " Telstra CEO David Thodey said in a statement to the ASX .
" Telstra continues to negotiate with the Government in a positive and constructive manner on the NBN , " he said .
The carrier also included its own proposed changes to the regulation reform bill in its submission .
Of particular interest are Telstra 's proposed changes related to functional separation - which implies that the company is not prepared to take any voluntary action to separate or divest , leaving it to the Federal Government to decide whether to enforce functional separation upon it .
Telstra asked that the functional separation section be amended to included the following principles :
The tourist - inundated ruins of Machu Picchu and other heritage sites around the world are under pressure as never before , according to a New York - based preservation group The World Monuments Fund
Credit : AFP / GETTY IMAGES
Gulf states should implement a monetary union and single currency in phases , Kuwait ’s central bank governor said in comments published on Sunday , casting further doubt on a 2010 target date .
“ Due to the limited progress achieved so far …
I believe that the best way is to work out an administrative plan for the monetary union and single currency and implement it in stages , ” Sheikh Salem Abdulaziz al - Sabah told Awan newspaper .
ADVERTISEMENT
The six -nation Gulf Cooperation Council ( GCC ) plans to launch monetary union and a single currency in 2010 , although many experts believe the target date is too ambitious and unrealistic .
Kuwait was one of four GCC members which in June signed an accord to create a joint monetary union council , a prelude to establishing a Gulf central bank and launching monetary union and a single currency .
OPEC kingpin Saudi Arabia , Qatar and Bahrain also signed the pact , while the remaining two members , the United Arab Emirates and Oman , did not .
The UAE was upset at the Saudi capital Riyadh being selected to host the future GCC central bank , while Oman withdrew from the monetary union in 2007 saying it was not ready to meet the preconditions .
Sheikh Salem said the administrative plan should focus on the institutional requirements of the union including financial , trade , statistical and common market policies .
ADVERTISEMENT
He also said that printing banknotes for the new currency would take three years to complete .
The GCC states have agreed on a number of monetary union requirements but failed to reach consensus on others .
They have also failed to fully implement a customs union launched at the beginning of 2003 .
The governor said Kuwait has no plan at the moment to revert to pegging the dinar to the dollar , more than two years of linking it to a basket of international currencies .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ At this moment , we do n’t see a need or benefit to abandon our policy of pegging the dinar to a basket of currencies , ” Sheikh Salem said .
In 2003 , Kuwait ended three decades of pegging the dinar to a basket of currencies and linked it to the US dollar in preparation for the GCC monetary union , but reverted to the basket in May 2007 to fight soaring inflation .
ADVERTISEMENT
Sheikh Salem said he expects inflation in the oil - rich emirate to drop below five percent this year from over 10 percent in 2008 .
In February , the latest available figures , inflation was recorded at 5.9 percent .
Getting a Pennsylvania No-Fault Divorce
You have decided it ’s time to move on and put an official end to a marriage that ’s really been over for some time now .
It does not have to cost much .
It does not have to be difficult to do .
It does not have to stress you out .
You ’re just looking forward to a new and better life .
And you do not have to do this alone .
I ’m Attorney Mike Davis and I ’ll help you every step of the way .
First of all , in addition to my being your lawyer , you definitely are not alone in making this significant decision in your life .
Divorce used to be expensive , draining emotionally and even embarrassing .
In the past , you had to go to Court and explain , in detail , why you wanted to be divorced .
Because of this , many , many unhappy souls stayed in loveless , unfulfilling , dead end marriages .
And it was the fault of our 200 year old divorce laws .
Now , with a simple , uncontested , no - fault divorce , once the two of you decide to end old lives and begin new ones , it can be accomplished quietly , inexpensively and without leaving home or work .
Now unhappily married folks can move on , quietly and reasonably comfortably .
HOW MUCH ? – $ 219 total …complete !
$ 219 will cover my fees and the court filing fees .
Different places have different court charges .
Do n’t worry .
I have it covered for you .
$ 219 is all you will have to pay .
My A+ rating statewide with the Better Business Bureau backs me up on that .
– $ 219 total …complete !
$ 219 will cover my fees and the court filing fees .
Different places have different court charges .
Do n’t worry .
I have it covered for you .
$ 219 is all you will have to pay .
My A+ rating statewide with the Better Business Bureau backs me up on that .
INSTALLMENT PAYMENTS – Ca n’t swing all $ 219 at once ?
No worries .
$ 25 will get you started and get you through the first step .
And when you get the next step and you find that you need to spend your funds on something else , again , no problem .
Send the next step when you are ready .
I will never contact to tell you that you must send me your next step or payment .
– Ca n’t swing all $ 219 at once ?
No worries .
$ 25 will get you started and get you through the first step .
And when you get the next step and you find that you need to spend your funds on something else , again , no problem .
Send the next step when you are ready .
I will never contact to tell you that you must send me your next step or payment .
HOW LONG ? –
At this point , your divorce will go one of two directions , depending on when the two of you began living at different addresses .
If you have been separated less than one year , 90 days must pass after the divorce is filed and your spouse gets a copy .
Then you both will sign a document – and keep in mind that I will prepare all of the paperwork and carefully explain exactly what you must do with it and when – and then I can ask the judge to grant your divorce .
– At this point , your divorce will go one of two directions , depending on when the two of you began living at different addresses .
If you have been separated less than one year , 90 days must pass after the divorce is filed and your spouse gets a copy .
Then you both will sign a document – and keep in mind that I will prepare all of the paperwork and carefully explain exactly what you must do with it and when – and then I can ask the judge to grant your divorce .
SEPARATED OVER ONE YEAR ? –
If you have resided under separate roofs for every day of at least the past 12 months , your divorce is filed , your spouse gets a copy and there is NO waiting period and only one signature required from your spouse .
Do n’t worry about needing proof of your separation time .
All the Court needs is your sworn statement on an affidavit I ’ll provide to you .
( Of course , it must be accurate or your divorce would be defective . )
– If you have resided under separate roofs for every day of at least the past 12 months , your divorce is filed , your spouse gets a copy and there is NO waiting period and only one signature required from your spouse .
Do n’t worry about needing proof of your separation time .
All the Court needs is your sworn statement on an affidavit I ’ll provide to you .
( Of course , it must be accurate or your divorce would be defective . )
ALMOST THERE – I then assemble all of the papers signed by each of you together with some other documents required by the Court and send them to the Court with the request that your divorce be granted and your marriage officially ended .
– I then assemble all of the papers signed by each of you together with some other documents required by the Court and send them to the Court with the request that your divorce be granted and your marriage officially ended .
IT ’S OVER – The Court will , within a few weeks , depending on the Judge ’s schedule , send me your final decree and I will then send it out to you .
SIMPLE AND CHEAP –
As you can see , there ’s not really that much to it – if you have a lawyer who knows what needs to be done , when and how – so that ’s why I do n’t have to charge much .
Each time you receive paperwork from me , there will be simple instructions with it .
Sit down with what you receive from me , take your time and read through it .
It ’s a lot easier than figuring out a new phone , for example .
I have had many thousands of clients over the decades .
They all got through it .
That means you can too .
Many people who have bought divorce kits on line and become frustrated with them have become my clients .
They all wished they had come to me first as doing so would have saved them money , time and aggravation .
I do not sell a kit .
I sell you my services as your attorney , for $ 219 , and you will get your divorce .
Official : Terror Plot Suspect Admits al Qaeda Ties , May Plead Guilty
Three - Day FBI Interrogation Said to Reveal Denver Man Had Received Explosives Training
The Denver man at the center of an alleged New York bomb plot , Najibullah Zazi , has admitted he has ties to al Qaeda and is in negotiations to plead guilty to a terror charge , a senior law enforcement official told ABC News .
The official said Zazi had received explosives training and his possible guilty plea would be part of a deal to cooperate with the government .
CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE COVERAGE OF THE NEW YORK TERROR PLOT AND OTHER TERRORISM STORIES .
The 24 - year old Zazi had insisted he had " no ties , no connection to al Qaeda " in interviews with reporters earlier this week after his name surfaced in connection with the investigation .
But after two eight - hour interrogations at the FBI offices in Denver on Wednesday and Thursday , Zazi told a different story this morning , the law enforcement official said .
The plea negotiations were first reported by the New York Daily News .
Zazi's lawyer , Art Folsom , told ABCNews.com
Friday night that no plea deal " has been offered . "
He said Zazi will go through a fourth day of questioning Saturday at the FBI offices .
Folsom refused to answer questions about the specific discussions taking place , but said his client is continuing to cooperate with investigators .
Folsom called the reports " completely unfounded . "
Zazi has been under investigation for almost a year , according to law enforcement and intelligence officials .
The CIA reportedly first learned of his alleged al Qaeda ties when Zazi visited Pakistan and officials said they later learned of " deeply troubling " conversations that were picked up on government intercepts .
Zazi and Folsom had maintained his trips to Pakistan were only to visit his wife .
A spokesperson for Folsom said the FBI has requested that Mohammad Zazi -- Najibullah Zazi's father -- meet with investigators at FBI headquarters in Denver this afternoon .
New York Terror Raids
Law enforcement officials in New York have questioned at least 12 men about their connections to Zazi , who arrived in New York after a 1,777 mile drive from Denver .
His trip to New York triggered a series of raids by heavily armed police and federal agents .
Authorities told ABCNews.com that Zazi's computer contained bomb - making directions and an explosives recipe that would have produced homemade bombs of the same size and type used in the terror attacks on the London subways in July 2005 .
No one was arrested in the New York raids and no explosives were found , officials said .
Officials said Zazi , his lawyer and federal prosecutors were in discussions that would involve the suspect pleading guilty to a counter of material support for terrorism .
Authorities say if Zazi fully cooperates , his knowledge of possible targeting and other plots aimed at the United States could provide an intelligence windfall .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
As Germany took its customary place in the finals , the 17th World Cup that it will contest , Klose said : “ We dealt with the pressure here .
It was not a top - class game , but we used our chance in a difficult place to play soccer . ”
There are other places that come under that description .
Italy , the reigning world champion , had to come from behind twice to tie Ireland , 2 - 2 , at Croke Park in Dublin .
Normally the home of Gaelic football , whose hierarchy regards soccer as the alien upstart , Croke Park was rocking to the fervor of believing that the men in green could turn over the Italians .
But Italy makes an art of going the long way around qualifying .
Its final goal , with about 20 seconds of time left on the clock , was scored by Alberto Gilardino , who , like Palermo in Buenos Aires , was sent on as a substitute when the match was running against his team .
“ The lads played with quality and character , ” commented Marcello Lippi , the unruffled Italy coach with the Paul Newman looks .
“ They had calmness to construct this equalizer in the 90th minute , and it was a deserved one . ”
Italy qualifies ;
Ireland goes into the playoffs that give group runners - up like Russia , Bosnia , France and perhaps Portugal , Greece , Croatia or Ukraine a chance of sneaking into the finals in November .
Those countries dare not presume that their teams will reach South Africa .
Danes , however , know they are there after Jakob Poulsen ’s goal won the Scandinavian derby against Sweden .
Scandinavians do n’t cry , and do n’t paint the town red , right ?
Wrong .
Copenhagen belonged to Brazilians last week when Rio de Janeiro was granted the 2016 Olympic Games .
But where the president and the first lady of the United States lost a sporting contest , Poulsen ’s long shot won one .
In keeping with our penchant for stories about idiosyncratic investors who trade in odd securities found off the beaten track , we bring you perhaps the best unknown activist investment of 2009 .
With a far away land , a young protagonist , an odd treasure , an unexpected twist and a narrow escape , it ’s a bullwhip and a fedora short of being an Indiana Jones movie .
In the role of young protagonist is Nicholas Bolton , a 27 - year old investor who made A$ 4.5M ( $ 4 M ) almost bringing down BrisConnections , the developer of a A$ 4.8B ( $ 4.3B ) Australian toll road .
What ’s most amazing is that he achieved this with an initial stake worth just A$ 47,000 ( $ 42,000 ) .
In so doing , he became the bête noire of his fellow BrisConnections investors , attracted the attention of the Australia Securities and Investments Commission ( similar to the SEC ) and drew the ire of the Australian media , who variously described him as a “ meddling kid , ” “ Australia ’s foremost prat , ” “ the ultimate poster - boy for the much - maligned Generation Y ” and “ the best proof that karma does not exist . ”
How did he do it and why all the vitriol ?
Read on .
BrisConnections : The Temple of Doom
Several unusual elements make the Nicholas Bolton versus BrisConnections story reasonably complex .
Bear with us , to understand the story it ’s necessary to understand the BrisConnections security in detail .
BrisConnections , backed by Deutsche Bank , Credit Suisse Group , JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Macquarie Bank , raised A$ 1.23B ( $ 1.16B ) in July last year through the sale of an unusual equity security called a stapled unit .
The BrisConnections stapled unit is a unit in the trust holding the toll road assets and a share in the corporate trustee .
The trust unit and the share must trade together , and hence are said to be stapled .
The reasons for creating such a security are beyond the scope of this post , but suffice it to say that stapled securities offer certain tax benefits .
What really makes this story interesting is that the BrisConnections stapled units were issued on an installment basis .
Installment means that on application purchasers paid A$ 1 ( $ 0.90 ) for each stapled unit and were then obliged to make two further installments of A$ 1 ( $ 0.90 ) each , payable nine months and 18 months after the IPO .
In a world of rapidly rising stock prices , installment securities present no problem .
When stockmarkets are in decline , however , the securities can trade down dramatically as investors attempt to avoid paying further installments .
The BrisConnections ’ IPO tanked spectacularly , dropping 60 % on the first day of trading before falling into terminal decline .
A few months before the first installment was to fall due , the units had traded down to A$ 0.001 ( that ’s 1/10th of a cent ) .
At a unit price of $ 0.001 , a BrisConnections unit became a very dangerous security for those not realising that the units came with two A$ 1.00 installments for each $ 0.001 paid .
That meant , for example , that a purchaser of $ 1,000 of the units owed $ 2 M in installments and a purchaser of $ 10,000 owed $ 20 M .
It seems that there were many purchasers at $ 0.001 who were unable to fulfil their obligations and then decided that they would rather not own BrisConnections units .
Unfortunately for them , they had run out of greater fools .
As Charlie Munger might say , they were like the mouse who cries , “ Let me out of the trap , I ’ve decided I do n’t want the cheese . ”
A month out from the first installment , there were ~70 M units on the ask at $ 0.001 – the minimum price at which a security can trade on the Australian Stock Exchange – and no bids .
Enter Nicholas Bolton .
Bolton : Raider of the Lost Ark
Bolton had started acquiring BrisConnections units through an investment company , Australian Style Investments , in November last year .
Before too long , he ’d spent A$ 47,000 to acquire a 15 % stake and become BrisConnections largest unitholder .
He ’d also taken on a A$ 94 M liability , money that he did not have .
What he did next comes straight from the World Poker Tour .
No , he did n’t fold .
He went all in , upping his stake to 19.9 % .
Why 19.9 % ?
Under Australian law , a purchaser of 20 % of a company ’s stock is obliged to make a takeover bid to all remaining stockholders .
By sitting at 19.9 % , Bolton had the option of making a bid for the remaining stock , but not the obligation .
He then approached BrisConnections about refinancing the liability .
When BrisConnections failed to respond , he moved to have management removed and the trust dissolved .
The application achieved its end :
It got the attention of management .
It was , however , a long shot .
Bolton needed the support of 75 per cent of his fellow investors to have the dissolution resolution passed .
It was also not clear that it would prevent the fund from collecting the first installment .
Under Australian law , the trust had 21 days to call a general meeting and 45 days to hold it , by which date the notice demanding the first installment fee would have been issued .
If BrisConnections management was nervous about the dissolution , they did n’t show it in the media .
The chairman , a Mr. Trevor Rowe , described the application as “ frivolous , ” while a spokesman described it as “ a mere sideshow to a $ 5B infrastructure project that is promising to provide 11,000 jobs . ”
They also made it known that a liquidation of the trust would not extinguish the first A $ 1 liability owing on each unit .
BrisConnections advisers where not so sanguine : one , Macquarie , co-underwriter and financier of BrisConnections , brought an injunction action against him seeking to prevent him from holding the meeting .
In a two - minute hearing , the judge did not uphold any of Macquarie ’s claims , or grant the injunction to stop the meeting of unitholders from proceeding .
It was swift justice , and it seemed to set the scene for something very rare : a highly entertaining general meeting .
The Last Crusade
After succeeding against Macquarie and BrisConnections in an extensive court battle , it seemed that BrisConnections was a general meeting away from dissolution .
Bolton held 19.9 % of the units on issue , and a sizeable number of the other holders had purchased their units at $ 0.001 .
Perhaps sensing that Bolton had the momentum , management told those investors present at the meeting were told their units would be worthless if BrisConnections was liquidated , as BrisConnections would have ” zero value ” as a company .
Bolton , however , was not one of the investors present at the meeting .
Why ?
He had already voted against the resolutions he had proposed and defended at court .
BrisConnections chairman told the startled unitholders present at the meeting that Australian Style Investments had voted against all seven resolutions when its proxies were received several days before the meeting .
Accordingly , the special resolution fell short of the required 75 % voting threshold .
The unitholders might have seen Bolton as a savior after he went to court to ensure the vote took place , but they were cursing his name by the end of the day .
What had happened to cause Bolton to vote against his own resolution ?
Unknown to the investors at the meeting , Bolton had already sold his voting rights to Thiess John Holland , the design and construction contractor for the Airport Link .
The price ?
A$ 4.5 M .
It seems this had been Bolton ’s strategy all along .
Rowe , the chairman , described to Inside Business a discussion he had with Bolton as he was searching for a buyer for his voting rights :
I called [ Nicholas Bolton ’s ] adviser and asked him what he had in mind .
He mentioned some numbers to me .
I said I thought they were pretty excessive and I gave him a lower number .
And he said well Mr Bolton needs $ 5 million otherwise he is not going to do this .
And we thought about it and we decided that we would not engage further .
…
I said to him when he proposed a number which I thought was preposterous that it ’s more like a two to three [ million ] number than a seven and half [ million ] number . … I did n’t engage in a negotiation .
Rowe did n’t want to cough up for the votes .
Thiess , however , was happy to part with A$ 4.5 M to prevent the A$ 4.8B project from falling over .
BrisConnections other investors were unhappy .
A hedge fund that was BrisConnections ’s second biggest investor at 13 % , threatened legal action , telling the The Sydney Morning Herald :
He ’s not going to get ( the $ 4.5 million ) , I can promise you that .
…
He ’s just ruined his corporate life forever . …
I ’d trust Mr Bolton like I ’d trust a rabbit with a lettuce leaf .
Post mortem
To date , we are not aware of any proceedings being started against Bolton .
It seems he got away with the A$ 4.5 M .
Not a bad payday for an initial $ 47,000 investment and a little negotiation .
What about the liability ?
Did Bolton know that the securities came with that huge downside ?
It seems he did .
He contained the liability to his investment vehicle , Australian Style Investments .
The A$ 4.5 M was paid to an another entity of Bolton ’s , Australian Style Holdings , to quarantine it from the $ 120 M liability in Australian Style Investments .
The Weekend Financial Review also reported that Bolton had been searching for an opportunity like BrisConnections for a while : A company in which he could take a large interest quickly and easily .
In a confidential strategy document emailed to Ernst & Young and Deloitte in early December last year , Bolton detailed a plan to increase his holding in BrisConnections up to 49.9 per cent of the listed units and then recapitalize the company .
Those advisers rejected his takeover plan , so he adjusted his strategy in late December or early January to a liquidation .
He told one newspaper he was “ playing a game ” from the start ” and “ the result of that game was to extract a benefit from the carcass of BrisConnections : ”
I took a commercial approach to this before buying in .
I saw an opportunity to improve the position of unit holders through our entry in the company , and the actions we were planning to undertake .
It was a commercial transaction , intended for commercial gain , for unit holders and for myself .
To the extent there was an altruistic outcome it was unintended , in that my interests were aligned with the interests of all other unit holders .
But there was always a commercial intention on our part .
We did n’t seek the tag of white knight , and it does n’t fit .
[ Let ] me say it would be commercially remiss and foolish of me , on a matter of indifference , not to take a dollar or to leave a dollar .
It ’s a commercial decision .
Conclusion
What ’s the lesson ?
It ’s better to be lucky than good ?
Well , yes , but that ’s doing a disservice to young Nick .
We think the lesson is that there ’s value in the control or influence of a company beyond the underlying intrinsic value of the stock .
It ’s why we have in the past followed activist investors into stocks when it ’s possible that there ’s no underlying asset value , and it ’s why we ’ll do it again in the future .
What happened to the other investors ?
Well , it ’s a happy ending for them too .
Macquarie Bank has now thrown them a lifeline and agreed to buy their obligations if they give up their holding and 100 per cent of their units for free .
So that ’s our nominee for the best unknown activist investment of 2009 .
Let us know if you ’ve got a better one .
[ Full disclosure : We do n’t have a holding in BrisConnections . ]
From TPM Reader MA …
I think Fox has made a mistake in this tiff with the White House .
By conceding that their evening talk lineup is biased , they ’ve made it easier to nail them down on the specifics of their news lineup .
For starters , Megyn Kelly is a big part of their daytime “ news ” lineup , and is perhaps the most biased anchor on the network besides Beck .
More importantly , they ’ve actually entered a debate about what their programming is , perhaps for the first time .
Before they just said “ fair and balanced ” and then chuckled to themselves .
But now they are part of an actual debate and thus have to defend their record .
For example , would someone ask the Fox news spokesperson why Fox ’s news anchors continue to refer to suicide bombers by the Bush administration ’s favored term “ homicide bomber ? ”
The final budget outcome for the 2008 - 09 year was a deficit of $ 27.1 billion , the Federal Government has revealed .
This was a $ 5 billion improvement on the $ 32.9 billion deficit forecast in the May budget and marked a " tentative step forward " for the nation 's economy , Treasurer Wayne Swan said .
The better - than - expected result reflected lower than anticipated spending of $ 2.2 billion and higher cash receipts of $ 2.8 billion .
In a nutshell : the 2008 - 09 budget outcome
In a statement released today , Mr Swan said the outcome was the result of a number of factors .
The Grim Reaper can cut life short and , under the right circumstances , whittle those still standing down to the size of pygmies .
That ’s the controversial conclusion of a new study , published in the October Current Anthropology , that found that stature declined as death rates rose in three small - bodied populations over a 115 - year period .
“ We provide the first evidence that pygmy body sizes vary considerably over time , that they correlate strongly with mortality rates and that increasing mortality rates lead to even greater reductions of body size , ” says Jay Stock of the University of Cambridge in England .
Stock and Andrea Migliano , both anthropologists at the University of Cambridge , say that their findings support a scenario in which most females are able to reproduce at relatively young ages , probably in response to high mortality rates ,
This physical trait then becomes more common from one generation to the next .
Early - maturing bodies divert physiological resources away from growth , yielding small bodies as a side effect , the researchers hypothesize .
Critics of this argument suspect that environmental challenges , such as nutritional deficiencies or cramped forest quarters , prompted the evolution of short - statured populations .
Researchers have traditionally defined pygmies as populations with an average adult male height of no more than 155 centimeters , or about 5 feet , 1 inch .
Hunter - gatherer groups classified as pygmies live in various regions , including Africa , Indonesia , the Philippines and the Andaman Islands , which lie southeast of Burma .
Stock and Migliano analyzed data from 11 British government and anthropological studies of Andaman Islanders conducted between 1871 and 1986 .
Investigations included a range of health and physical measures for 604 individuals from three pygmy groups — the Great Andamanese , the Onge and the Jarawa .
Data also included population approximations for each group across time .
Despite describing a small number of people who may have been assessed with varying degrees of accuracy , these studies provide the only long - term glimpse of growth changes within different pygmy groups , Stock says .
British colonies were first established on the Andaman Islands in 1858 and remained until 1947 .
Onge and Jarawa pygmies , who lived on separate islands , retreated into forests to avoid the British .
Great Andamanese pygmies befriended the newcomers .
As a result , Great Andamanese individuals were exposed to infectious diseases against which they had no defense , including influenza , tuberculosis , measles and syphilis .
Their approximate numbers dropped from 6,000 in 1858 to 600 in 1900 .
A low of 19 Great Andamanese individuals was recorded during the 1960s , but the population survives .
British historical records show that average heights for the Great Andamanese dropped markedly during the period of increased mortality , Stock and Migliano say .
From 1879 to 1927 , the average height of men who were measured decreased at a rate equivalent to 4.7 centimeters , or nearly 2 inches , every 100 years .
Measured height declines for women were equivalent to 1.8 centimeters , or almost three - quarters of an inch , every 100 years .
Data from the 19th century were unavailable for the other two pygmy groups that avoided the British .
But Onge men and women displayed average height increases from 1927 to 1962 , after British attempts to interact with them had stopped .
Onge population numbers declined from 1901 to 1951 , although not as steeply as among the Great Andamanese .
Jarawa individuals were first measured in 1985 .
Average heights of 155 centimeters for men and 147 centimeters , or about 4 feet , 10 inches , for women exceeded all average heights recorded for the other two pygmy groups .
Population estimates for the Jarawa held stable during the colonial period , the researchers say .
A related 2007 study led by Migliano reported that pygmies in Africa and the Philippines tend to stop growing by early adolescence , have low life expectancies and begin reproducing at younger ages than taller hunter - gatherers .
That pattern of findings also fits the idea that pygmy - sized bodies occur as a by - product of an evolved tendency for women to become fertile early in life , Stock says .
Anthropologist Brian Shea of Northwestern University calls such evidence " interesting but irrelevant to the origin of small body size in human pygmy groups . "
Stock and Migliano document short - term , environmentally induced changes in height that would affect the size of any population , Shea contends .
This process can't explain the origin of pygmies , he says .
He and a colleague have measured differing limb proportions in East African and West African pygmies .
Other researchers have found slowed growth during childhood for Africa 's Mbuti pygmies , apparently due to reduced levels of a key growth hormone .
Such data suggest that these groups have evolved small bodies in direct response to as yet unidentified , long - term challenges in distinctive habitats , Shea says .
Despite past high mortality rates , Stock and Migliano have no solid evidence that any Andaman Island pygmies mature exceptionally fast , remarks anthropologist Barry Bogin of Loughborough University in England .
Historical accounts indicate that Andaman Island females married at ages as young as 11 , but those sources do n't indicate whether the girls were sexually mature at marriage , Bogin notes .
Stock and Migliano found no evidence of malnutrition , but they can't rule out that that a lack of one or more essential nutrients in the diets of Andaman Island pygmies impeded growth , he adds .
" Longitudinal studies of pygmies and other short - statured people , with detailed nutritional and health information , are the only way to study this issue , " Bogin says .
* Image : * German anthropologist Egon von Eickstedt posed with Onge hunter - gatherers during a trip to the Andaman Islands in 1928 ./ Haddon Library , University of Cambridge
See Also :
Think you ’re a rock - star with mushy , vaguely head - shaped vegetables and a knife ?
Think again – these pumpkin carvings will blow your mind .
( I was going to call this post “ The Great Cutter Roundup ” , but I was afraid it would draw a bunch of emo gloom - cookies .
Scott Cummins – PumpkinGutter .Com
The gallery below is just a tiny fraction of the amazing pumpkins you ’ll find in Scott ’s PumpkinGutter .
Com gallery .
He shows you what most of them look like when lighted from the inside , and has lots of great photos showing pieces while they ’re being worked on , so make sure you hit the link and check it out .
[ nggallery id =21 ]
Ray Villafane – Sculptor for DC Comics
Ray Villafane , a sculptor for DC Comics , was the winner of the Food Network ’s Pumpkin Carving Challenge in Oct 2008 .
The six and half hour event pitted four pumpkin carvers against each other in a three part competition .
Part one involved a traditional Jack o Lantern .
Part two : 3D sculpture .
The final part , which was worth half of the points was the freestyle competition .
Ray won every section and blew away the competition .
Not only did he get bragging rights and a neat little medal , but he also got a check for $ 10,000 dollars .
His stuff is simply unbelievable .
( Also check out his sculpture work for DC on his website .
Too cool . )
[ nggallery id =22 ]
Star Wars Pumpkin Series
Several years ago , Dayna Flores captured this carved Star Wars pumpkin collection while visiting Beloit , Wisconsin .
The carver uses craft pumpkins and adds a new one to the series every year .
You can see the full collection on Dayna ’s Flickr set .
Pumpkin Carving for the Rest of Us
If you ’re not a pumpkin Picasso like Scott or Ray , do n’t hang up your trowels , knives and scoops just yet .
If you do n’t have the chops to freestyle it like those gourd gurus , you can still create some really impressive pumpkins with the help of pumpkin carving templates .
Check out PumpkinStencils101.
Com for help on how to get started using templates , and then keep reading for some gloriously geeky template and tutorial sources .
Fantasy Pumpkins
FantasyPumpkins .
Com has a wide - array of freely available stencils available for download , organized by level of difficulty , in addition to an amazingly in - depth walk - through tutorial on carving the death star .
These are just some of the patterns you can find there :
[ nggallery id=23 ]
The Kastan Family
The Kastan Family website also has a nice collection of movie - related carvings and patterns .
( Make sure to check the archives – they have several years cataloged , although not every pumpkin has a pattern . )
Some of what you ’ll find there :
[ nggallery id=25 ]
Cylon Pumpkin
The website EvilMadScientist .
Com shows you how to create a Cylon Jack - O - Lantern in this fantastically detailed tutorial , from the pumpkin - carving down to the circuitry .
If you decide to try this out , make sure you check out the open source Larson Scanner Kit ( named after Glen A. Larson , the man responsible for producing both the original Battlestar Galactica and Knight Rider TV shows ) that details several improvements over the original in the tutorial .
Check out the video that shows how well the EvilMadScientist .
Com tutorial works :
If you ’re lazy , busy , or not particularly electrically adventurous , Maker Shed sells a kit for only $ 17 , although by doing it yourself , you could have the satisfaction of having done it from scratch and sticking it to the man .
Or toaster / skin-job .
Robotic Snap- O- Lantern
If the Cylon Jack - O - Lantern is n’t enough of a challenge , check out the Robotic Snap - O - Lantern tutorial , also by EvilMadScientist .
Com .
[ nggallery id =26 ]
See it at work here :
Extreme Pumpkins
If sick - and - twisted is more up your alley than geek pop culture , check out ExtremePumpkins .
Com , where your carving skills are less important than your desire to shock and gross - out trick - or - treaters .
Think you ’ve got something grosser and sicker than the rest ?
Submit your photo for a shot at fabulous prizes in their annual contest .
Or if you prefer just to gawk , take a stroll through their previous contest winner galleries .
The site also offers free templates and stencils so you can re-create this mass veggiecide on your own porch .
[ nggallery id =24 ]
ThinkGeek Pumpkin Carving Contest
Remember to submit your own orginal pumpkin carving stencil for a chance to win massive bragging rights and a free Tauntaun sleeping bag ( complete with intestinal lining ) or a handful of other only - slightly - less - awesome prizes .
Lots of people have already started posting their geeky pattern contest submissions so if nothing in this post worked your nerdbone ( nerdbone ? wtf ? ) just right , check out the comments in the contest link , where you ’ll find awesome stuff like this gem from meizme :
Well i read in your blog timmy was upset that lumberjacks lost to the zombies for the new ninja so i thought i would make a lil something to cheer him up …
http://img196.imageshack.us/img196/4396/lumberjackvszombies.jpg
Remove the black and peal the skin of for grey , leaving the white .
My wife thinks when H1N1 comes in contact with the irradiated moon dust that will soon be entering our atmosphere Earth from the bombing we will experience a zombie pandemic .
Lumberjacks will save the world .
This is her vision of the future .
PS : I R Still waiting for squeeze bacon !
Pumpkin carving with stencils or templates can be fun to do solo , or as a neat bonding activity with your wee nipperkins and geeks - in - training .
If the patterns and ideas here are n’t quite the right fit , check out the links below for additional free template downloads .
More Patterns & Links
And finally , if all this pumpkin carving stuff sounds fun , but too much messy work for you , carve a pumpkin from the comfort of your computer desk with the Virtual Jack - O - Lantern by Theoworlds .
Got your own source for inspiration or patterns , or a really kick - ass pumpkin you ’ve lobotomized into pulpy glory ?
Leave it in the comments .
When Nick Clegg responded to a pamphlet I presented at the Liberal Democrats ' conference , ( Imagining the New Britain ) , it brought back to me another era , another report , and another young and idealistic political leader .
It was Tony Blair who , years ago , spoke at the launch of my book , True Colours , published by the Institute of Public Policy Research .
Ahead of its publication , I had travelled to several countries , commissioned surveys , and concluded we needed courageous and visionary leadership to make the UK more equal , at ease with diversity , Europe and immigration , and to find a common purpose .
Blair 's words , as ever , were fulsome and fake .
He did n't mean any of it , that smooth political transvestite , Mrs Thatcher in a suit .
His Millennium Dome was an embodiment of misconceived , shallow ideas about national identity .
Unloved , almost bulldozed and erased from history , the folly reinvented itself as an entertainment hub and is up and away .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
By contrast , the government responsible for it is inept and dishonest , unable to lead a nation in crisis .
Gordon Brown 's frequent summonses to plucky Britishness echo in an empty space .
Cameron , personally open , has astutely changed the image of his party to embrace some modernities .
But on Europe his policies are darkly right - wing , and most old Tories grumpily go along with him only to get back in power .
We need national renewal and enlightened politics .
The Liberal Democrats are principled on human and civil rights , justice , migration , taxation and unjust wars .
If there is a hung parliament – I hope there is – they could have real influence .
That and not any partisan reason persuaded me to introduce the paper at their conference .
In the European and local elections , vast numbers of voters rejected political parties that offered socially responsible democracy and chose xenophobes instead .
Progressives have never had it so bad .
In this age of uncertainty , they have a grave responsibility to pull Europe back from its penchant for fascism during hard times .
In Berlin last week , I spoke with an erudite peer who sees the perils of cumulative gloom overcoming our society as political and economic leadership loses its grip .
There are several parts to this tale of decline .
First , Britain weakened its industrial base .
Then came the near subsidence of the glass city , the financial sector , followed rapidly by the expenses row and collapse of faith in our precious democracy .
I would add the loss of Empire and the catastrophic failure to start up a new one in Iraq .
That fiasco has left the right feeling impotent and fuming , and the left loaded with guilt and shame .
Globalisation , despite the good it does , pushes people towards uncompromising identity politics , communal and national .
Terrorism , tightening social and state control and ruthless market forces have generated shapeless fury .
Up come the goosestep extremists and demagogues , racists and xenophobes , Stalinists and Islamicists , all offering remedies laced with arsenic .
I never read the raving racists online but those who do tell me how revolting it is getting out there in the blogosphere .
Ugly populism is fast food for the disillusioned .
For the centre - left leadership , the predicament is whether to pander to demagoguery or assuage genuine frustrations .
Over the past three decades , governments have deepened income inequality and therefore resentment .
In high - migrant areas , extra funds are urgently needed to ease pressure on other inhabitants .
Our least productive districts are those with static populations , but the most deprived should not pay for the indisputable economic benefits of immigration .
Unquestionably , multiculturalism – once an effective policy tool – is now failing to connect , to counter resurgent white racism or self - exclusion .
When difference collides with equality , which one prevails ?
That central tension between key values has never been tackled by politicians who prefer laissez - faire and fudge , until a storm breaks , blowing away reason and judgement .
But though it is hard not to despair , I feel the sap of optimism rising too .
Britain somehow finds its spirit in the most hopeless periods .
Look what happens when citizens unite on an issue as they did over the 42 - day detention proposal : if you unjustly incarcerate Muslims , you incarcerate us all , we said , a powerful message that broke the will of government .
Popular consent , I believe , can be galvanised for the greater good .
A renewed national identity united old enemies in South Africa and Germany , and Anglo - Franco Canada promoted a one - nation consciousness which accommodates diversity .
History mattered ; so too national memories .
The future mattered more , and these nations sought to drop the baggage that would hold them back .
Britons need to be drawn to such a collective enterprise .
Who do we think we are ?
Who do we think we can be ?
What will bring our different tribes closer together ?
How can we become a more equal and less unhappy population ?
How can we deal with other countries as equals rather than sad and irrelevant ' imperialists ' or unthinking US acolytes ?
These are the big questions encircling us .
We need to find the right answers , and quickly too .
Thesis comes to life in cardboard computer case ENVIRONMENT
This is n't built to last
Houstonian Brenden Macaluso has designed a cardboard PC .
It 's not for sale or being mass produced , yet .
﻿ Houstonian Brenden Macaluso has designed a cardboard PC .
It 's not for sale or being mass produced , yet .
﻿ Photo : Mayra Beltran , Chronicle Photo : Mayra Beltran , Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close
Thesis comes to life in cardboard computer case 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Brenden Macaluso does n't consider himself an environmentalist .
He 's a designer at heart .
But the Houston resident hopes the cardboard computer casing he created will encourage others to rethink what sustainability means in design .
“ I wanted to address three things :
How do we manufacture things , how do we use them and how do we ultimately dispose of it ? ” he said .
The cardboard - housed computer , born of his graduate thesis at the University of Houston , is an extreme example of implementing sustainable design to the entire life cycle of a product , he says .
Aside from using a recyclable material , the case requires less time , labor and parts to produce .
And when it 's time to trash it , he says , there will be fewer parts to send to landfills .
The cardboard case , which can be assembled without fasteners and screws , eliminates the need for those parts and the manufacturing processes used to create them .
“ We do n't realize how much effort it takes to do .
A computer is something that will be disposed of and we 'll dispose of it because of its finite life , so why do we put so much effort into producing it ? ” he asked .
And the quick disassembly makes it easy to separate items from other components and toss them in the recycling bin , eliminating the need to separate screws , metals , plastics and other materials that can go into a case , he notes .
A cooling fan
Of the 2.25 million tons of TVs , cell phones and computer products tossed each year , 18 percent are recycled and 82 percent are trashed , usually in landfills , according to the Environmental Protection Agency .
Macaluso's cardboard - housed computer , dubbed “ Recompute , ” is n't for sale or being mass produced yet , though he 's talking to manufacturers and retailers about getting his computer in stores before the holiday season .
He 's heard worries about the cardboard overheating , trapping dust or easily succumbing to liquids .
To that Macaluso says the case is designed to take advantage of the corrugation of the cardboard , essentially ventilating the entire thing .
The processor has its own cooling fan built in and the power supply and mother board are isolated from each other to keep heat from one affecting the other .
It can also be sprayed with air for quick cleaning , he said , adding that he assumes most people will take care not to spill liquids on their computer .
EunSook Kwon , the director of the industrial design program at the University of Houston who oversaw Macaluso 's thesis project , expects arguments about whether the case is really sustainable , given that it seems designed to be easily disposable .
“ It is controversial .
I think that 's the beauty of this project , ” she said .
“ Sustainable design is not supposed to be the perfect solution but it is a new way of thinking and using materials . ”
The same thinking can be applied to other products , she noted .
Macaluso figures that if most people really planned to reuse their metal cases , they already would be doing so .
Instead , most people find it easier to simply buy a new one .
“ We already know that the computer will be thrown out , so I designed an object that does just that , ” he said .
“ If we were already reusing cases and replacing hardware ( and software ) at a mass scale , we would not have nearly the problems that we have now . ”
Build it yourself ?
The idea has caught the eye of local tech enthusiasts .
Macaluso is discussing potential business models with the Houston Technology Center , a local business incubator , such as selling build - it - yourself kits for an undetermined price at local retail outlets .
The kits could include the basic case components .
Cardboard cases , in fact , are nothing new .
But Macaluso thought the design out from beginning to end , from air flow to the recycling , said Marc Nathan , head of entrepreneur development at the Houston Technology Center .
The case will appeal to geeks with lots of old parts lying around who want make their own computer and environmentalists who like the “ green ” factor , he said .
“ He 's not just an inventor who came up with something cool , he is a designer who created something through a very specific thought process , ” Nathan said .
“ He has thought this through . ”
When and if the cases will hit store shelves is uncertain .
But meanwhile , the public can check out this experiment in sustainable computing at the University of Houston College of Architecture Green Building Components exhibition , which runs through Sept. 18 .
purva.patel@chron.com
Afghan policemen carry a casualty from a blast site outside a NATO military base in Kabul September 8 , 2009 .
A suicide car bomber detonated his explosives outside a NATO military base at the international airport in the Afghan capital on Tuesday , a police source told Reuters .
[ Agencies ]
This project is for contributions to MySQL contributed by Facebook .
The base code is MySQL 5.0.84 and MySQL 5.1 with a GPL license .
Our contributions have a BSD license .
Some of our changes include ports of GPL code from other MySQL branches .
Currently Launchpad repositories are not being updated , and our development trees are at :
https:/ /github. com/facebook/ mysql-5 . 1
And 5.6 at :
https:/ /github. com/facebook/ mysql -5 . 6
Even to so sensationally talentless a soothsayer as this one , writing hours before the big event , it seems a safe bet that the most dangerous member of the panel got away with it on Question Time last night .
But then he always does , does n't he , that slippery eel Jack Straw ?
In a bewitching display of transference , the country awoke yesterday in a frenzy of concern about the perils posed to what passes as British democracy by Nick Griffin , an obnoxious creep , yes , but fundamentally a mirthless joke with the same prospects of affecting public life one iota as Andrew Neil has of being cast as the lead in a Cary Grant biopic .
Meanwhile , this newspaper devoted its front page to news of Mr Straw 's latest assault on the kind of democratic principle we once regarded as sovereign , and all too few eyelids will have blinked in alarm .
The Injustice Secretary 's attempt to win the power to render public inquests public no more , and have them held under such blanket secrecy that even the deceased 's family would be excluded , is n't merely a scandal .
It is an outrage that would , in a less ovine and apathetic nation , lead to the overturning of ministerial cars and the lobbing through Whitehall windows of Molotovs .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Unusually , the fact of this one is arguably less offensive than the method .
Perhaps it 's just being inured to attacks on civil liberties and human rights after a dozen years under a government that cannot glance at them without sending its valet off for the hobnail boots .
The list is so long and familiar ( right to silence , right to trial by jury , habeas corpus , DNA storage etc , etc ) that the tolerance level rises , as it does to arsenic .
This one is certainly poisonous enough .
To deny the grieving their right to learn how and why a loved one died , and who was responsible , is as wickedly cynical and self - serving an aim as the reasoning behind it is transparent .
The next time a family of heartbroken Brazilians come to town to hear how an unarmed relative was gunned down on the Tube , it would be spiffing for the Government to express deep regret that the demands of " national security " dictate that neither they nor media and public can hear whatever evidential crumbs the Metropolitan Police deigns to flick from its tunic .
When next a British serviceperson is killed by American " friendly fire " , what a relief to spare the Pentagon the trouble of refusing to assist the inquest in any way .
The desire of our ally to evade embarrassment must always trump that of British nationals to win posthumous justice for next of kin .
The need to protect the police from impertinent inquiries about homicides will always come a close second to the paramount need to protect spooks and ministers from insolent questioning about security fiascos of the kind that enabled the bombings of July 2005 .
This much we have known for a while , so it would be faux naïf to swoon like a crudely propositioned Victorian maiden every time the pattern is confirmed .
All one can do is hope , with virtually zero confidence , that David Cameron means it when he promises to reverse this foaming tide of disdain towards the rights of humble subjects .
What startles even this grizzled student of New Labour autocracy is the method Mr Straw deployed , in vain , to get this one on the statute book .
Twice before he had tried , and twice been rebuffed .
As recently as May , having reintroduced it back in January , he withdrew the measure from the Coroners and Justice Bill , apparently accepting that the political opposition was too fierce .
" It is clear the provisions still do not command the necessary cross- party support , " he said .
Within six months of that grudging admission , he elected to circumvent that opposition by burying these proposals deep within the Bill , although not deep enough to evade the prying eyes of the Lords , who soundly rejected them .
In one sense , there is something pleasingly holistic about this approach .
How better to pass law granting unjustifiable secrecy than by stealth ?
In another sense , so arrogant and blatant violation of democratic principle induces violent nausea .
But then so does that laureate of sneakiness Jack Straw .
Barbara Castle , whose Blackburn seat he inherited , once said , without warmth , that she hired him as a special adviser in the mid 1970s for " his guile and low cunning " , and the old girl knew her onions there .
His gift for dodging responsibility verges on genius .
Time and time again the hand of censure has brushed his collar , and each time he has slipped it and vanished into the night .
Over his complicity as Foreign Secretary in the rendition and subsequent torture of terrorist suspects , he escaped by the skin of his teeth .
What deniability he had – and his story changed , in the most legalistic of language , after an initial blanket denial – rested entirely on being given the benefit of a gigantic doubt that he never asked the most obvious questions , or turned his deaf ear to the answers if he did .
As Martin Bright wrote in the Independent on Sunday , his self - alleged lack of curiosity about the outsourced torture of British nationals is astonishing .
The man 's entire career serves as a gruesome paradigm of the poverty and enfeeblement of Westminster politics .
The granddaddy of the professional politician , he blazed the trail so well worn now by gliding seamlessly from leftie student activist to legal qualification to unelected adviser to MP to Cabinet member , quietly jettisoning every belief he once professed along the way to speed the journey .
The one thing we can be sure Mr Straw believes in is Mr Straw .
His ambition is unquenchable .
When his one serious mistake ( deflecting transatlantic glory from Mr Tony Blair by cuddling up to Condi Rice ) cost him the Foreign Office , he accepted humiliating demotion just to stay in the game .
His transfer of allegiance from Blair to Brown , whose leadership " campaign " he managed ( and hats off for winning that one ) , was comical in its fervency .
Even now , be sure that he is scheming to position himself as the Jim Hacker compromise candidate should Labour somehow locate the energy required to ditch the PM .
Tragically , there would be worse electoral choices .
As viewers doubtless observed on BBC1 last night , he is adept at promoting an image of calmly authoritative blandness , hence his comparative popularity , and a grandmaster of televisual smoothness .
He is as slimy as an oil slick , and always quick to move on once he 's coated the vulnerable birdies with filthy tar .
An utter disgrace to every high office he has held , Jack Straw has , typically enough , evaded the widespread loathing attracted by Blair , Brown , Mandelson , Campbell and the rest , despite being one of only three ministers to remain in the Cabinet since 1997 .
In an all - star team containing Pele , Maradona , Cruyff and Zidane , only the more obsessive fan would notice Patrick Vieira unflamboyantly putting in the hard work in defensive midfield .
But viscerally loathed he should be , for the damage he has done us in the cause of personal ambition , and for the damage he hopes to do yet by bringing this pernicious law back to the Commons .
Perhaps in time he will be .
A painful inquest into the death of New Labour approaches , and whatever Jack Straw 's feelings on the matter this one will be held in public .
I guess I should share my thoughts on the many ( read : eight ) classes currently available in Aion , based on my impressions of them this past Beta weekend .
Keep in mind that , though I tried giving as many classes a fair try , I did not have time to play every one , nor did I have time to level any one class very high ( busy weekend ) .
A quick history of my class usage in MMO’s .
Everquest : Magician ( Utility / Nuke )
Final Fantasy XI : Warrior / Thief ( Tank )
Everquest 2 : Warden , Brigand , Wizard ( Healer , Utility / DPS , Nuke )
World of Warcraft : Mage ( Nuker / Water dispenser )
Lord of the Rings Online : Burgular ( Utility )
As you can see , I have the most experience with ranged , usually magical dps classes .
Let ’s get started shall we :
CLASSES !
Aion lets you choose one of four Archtype classes
Mage : ranged dps
Warrior : melee dps/tank
Scout : melee dps
Priest : healing
Mage : I first played a mage , given my history and love of things going boom from a distace .
As expected , enemies went boom and I was happy .
I particularly enjoy the use of spellbooks , if only for the aesthetic .
Frankly I ’m sick of MMO ’s just slapping a staff or dagger in a mage ’s hand , it always looked awkward to me .
At level 9 , you “ ascend , ” or gain your wings and specialized class .
Post - Ascention Mage classes :
Spiritmaster : I chose for my mage to choose the road of summoning , at the cost of lower direct ranged dps .
The spirits you summon ( first fire , then wind , then earth ) were fun , varied , and were visually appealing .
Unfortunately , they do not enjoy fast travelling , so when you teleport , use the flight master , or even sprout your own wings and take off , your pet will dispel itself .
Increased MP regen while flying .
Sorcerer :
Though I did n’t actually play the sorcerer during the Beta , I think I ’ve played enough DPS oriented mage classes to make a rough stab at it .
I expect the class to excel at blowing things up from a half mile away and being the ubiquitous ( squishy ) targets of the party .
Increased damage while flying .
Warrior :
I had n’t seriously played a warrior in some time , so I was hesitant at first when I created a warrior .
Soon , though , I was wading through enemies , hacking left and right , and had some good fun being hard to kill .
Warriors are pretty simple , they have medium strength attack skills , but their real strength is high defense and pretty good defensive skills .
Post - Ascention Warrior classes :
Templar :
Ok , I did n’t actually play this one either , but I expect it ’s pretty close to traditional tanking .
Increased physical defence while flying .
Gladiator :
This dps oriented warrior class struck me more of as a strict balance of damage and defense than a powerful melee class .
I ’d say Gladiator strikes a good balance , is not too hard to play , and recommend it to newcomers to the MMO scene .
Increased damage while flying .
Scout :
Ok so , I like stealth characters .
A lot .
Aion ’s scout is so fragile that you really have to get the jump on an opponent to have a successful battle .
Early on , their damage is pitful , even after getting dual weild , but their damage skills are exceptional , of course .
Post - Ascention Scout classes :
I did n’t play either of these , but that ’s because I started a scout last and not until the last day of the Beta .
Assassin : ( I ’m guessing ) stealth based , high dps , backstabby .
Higher crit rate while flying .
Ranger : ( guessing ) ranged physical damage , pets , etc .
Have increased range while flying .
Priest :
It ’s been a while since I played a healer class , and I think Aion will be the game to reintroduce me to the role .
I had more fun playing with my priest than with any other class .
Though they do less damage than say , a warrior , their ability to heal themselves makes battle far more survivable .
Post - Ascention Priest classes :
Quick note : priest subclasses wear chain mail , and I believe this is the best innovation ever .
Chanter : Melee oriented buff / debuff class , more of a utility than a core healer .
Primarily use staffs .
Increased mantra range while flying .
Cleric : Probably the class I will play if i decide to play the release version of Aion .
I had the most fun with my cleric , which is interesting , since I ’ve played a priest in WoW and in Lord of the rings , and did n’t have as much fun with either .
Clerics have heavy heals and some ranged dps ( for soloing ) , use maces and shields ( though I ’d like to see a weapon called “ ___ ’s hammer ” actually look like a hammer , not a mace ) , and heal themselves faster while flying .
Pretty much , I ’m leaning Gladiator or Cleric in the final release , but the classes seem pretty balanced as of right now .
I ’l talk more about the classes after the next Beta .
- patch
The community behind the Fedora Linux distribution has announced the availability of the Fedora 12 beta .
Fedora 12 , which is codenamed Constantine , is scheduled for official release in November .
The new version ships with updated software and adds a number of improvements to key system components .
It also brings a lot of nice virtualization improvements .
One of the major goals for Fedora 12 is to boost the quality of the distro on netbook devices .
Changes that help fulfill that goal have been made throughout the entire system .
The 32 - bit x86 packages are now compiled for i686 by default and have a number of optimizations that will provide a performance increase on computers with Intel 's Atom processor ( - mtune=atom ) .
You can see an interesting discussion about the implications of this change in the IRC logs from a Fedora Engineering Steering Committee meeting .
Power management improvements are also a high priority for this release and could help extend netbook battery life .
The developers are integrating a background service called " tuned " that will monitor system usage and adaptively adjusts configuration in order to maximize energy efficiency .
There is also an ongoing effort in the Fedora community to track down programs that are needlessly energy - intensive and correct the problems .
A new SystemTap - based tool called " scomes " helps determine how individual changes to the system will impact a number of metrics relating to resource consumption .
A special Moblin spin will be introduced with Fedora 12 .
This will allow users to install a complete Fedora installation with Intel 's custom Moblin user experience .
Upstream Moblin is already based on Fedora , so there is a lot of synergy between the two projects .
The Fedora 12 Moblin spin is n't available yet , but users who want to get an early look can optionally install the Moblin environment in the desktop version of the Fedora 12 beta .
You can find installation instructions and additional details in a Fedora mailing list post .
We looked at the Moblin user interface earlier this year and tested Ubuntu 's Moblin variant on a Dell Mini 10 v this month .
Moblin shows a lot of promise , but much remains to be done before it 's ready for broad adoption .
Virtualization
Fedora 12 brings significant virtualization improvements with a number of intriguing new KVM features .
Red
Hat has been working on a new kernel memory management feature called kernel same - page merging ( KSM ) that allows identical memory pages to shared between multiple processes .
This is very advantageous for virtualization because it will significantly reduce the memory overhead when users are running multiple virtualized environments with similar contents .
KSM is planned for inclusion in Fedora 12 .
Using huge pages can considerably increase virtualization performance in KVM .
Some improvements to libvirt in Fedora 12 will make it easy for users to take advantage of hugetlbfs , increasing performance by as much as 20 percent in some cases .
Another new KVM feature in Fedora 12 is guestfish , a tool built on top of libguestfs that makes it easy to manipulate the contents of a KVM guest disk image .
You can see some sample uses at the libguestfs website .
Packaging
Fedora 11 included an optional plugin called yum - presto that allows the package management system to use delta RPMs for updates .
This means that you only have to download the changes for the updated packages and not the entire package .
This feature is now included by default in Fedora 12 .
Additionally , the adoption of XZ compression will reduce package size .
These improvements will make updates and package downloads go faster .
PackageKit , the package management framework , has also received some intriguing enhancements in Fedora 12 .
A new customization for the bash shell will detect when the user attempts to run a command from a package that is not installed and will offer to automatically install the package .
This is not fully integrated yet , but users who want to test it can install the Packagekit - command - not - found package .
A new PackageKit browser plugin will make it easy for users to install software by clicking on a link on a webpage .
This is very similar to Ubuntu's " apt:/ / " URLs and OpenSUSE 's one - click installers .
The plugin is designed to work in Firefox and Epiphany .
Web developers can take advantage of it by using the HTML object tag and specifying package metadata in param subelements .
PackageKit developer Richard Hughes offered some additional details and an HTML snippet in a blog entry last year .
Conclusion
Fedora 12 has a lot of compelling technical improvements under the hood .
The new virtualization features and netbook - related enhancements are particularly impressive and will bring a lot of value to the distro .
Fedora 11 had a lot of rough edges , but the new version appears to be a strong improvement .
For more detasils , see the official release notes .
The beta is available for download from the Fedora website .
This article was written by Jordan Robinson and originally appeared at AltMuslimah .
It ’s a hard lesson for many of us to learn : how to be confident , strong and bold while maintaining a healthy balance of humble demure with friends , family and elders .
It ’s usually a lesson that involves us trying to prove our maturity , leadership and independence , cheered on by a culture that glorifies youthful exuberance , and then getting cut down to size on life ’s many chopping blocks .
The new film Bronx Princess captures this struggle well .
The coming - of - age story premiered on PBS last week and can be seen streaming live here until October 22nd .
Bronx Princess ’ producers , Musa Syeed and Yoni Brook , provide audiences with a fascinating and beautiful portrait of what it ’s like to grapple with personal growth : to be at one moment headstrong and in the next , humbled .
The story focuses on Rocky Otoo and her family as she finishes high school in the Bronx and begins college in Carlisle , Pa .
It follows her transition from life at home to independence at Dickinson College .
Between the Bronx and rural Pennsylvania , she makes a stop in Ghana to see her father , a newly minted tribal chief , whom she has n’t seen for two years .
This means Rocky , who we find in the film is quite imperious , is not just a princess unto herself , but actual royalty in her family ’s native country , Ghana .
And while Ghana is n’t New York , universal themes abound and the film easily follows fascinating threads be they in her family ’s Bronx apartment or her father ’s Ghanaian palace .
Yes , Rocky and her family are Muslim .
But you wo n’t be repeatedly reminded of this in the film because , frankly , there is n’t much overt discussion of it .
This is because , and I am happy to announce , films can include Muslims or be about them and still revolve around universal themes .
Indeed , films with Muslims do not require a story arc that traverses bizarre tribal customs coupled with irrational political rage to be real and reflective .
And another thing : Muslim women are n’t living cowered over there in the corner .
The irony of Rocky ’s name is all too real .
While she is now more philosophical and quietly contemplative about life , in the film , she does n’t shy from picking fights .
And everyone was fair game .
We learn this last part rather quickly .
The film begins with a quarrel between Rocky and her mother about things that many of know us know all too well – wanting to be with friends , but parents reminding us family responsibilities come first .
Feeling like we know what ’s best , but our parents reminding us that we really do n’t , but would like to .
The beginning also provides an overview of Rocky , which helps us understand her frustration and the frustration of those around her .
She is smart , popular and with it .
She ’s a member of Model U.N. , a star forward on the basketball team , an outspoken student at her prep school .
She even regulates lunch tables letting those who are unwelcome know where they stand .
Yeah , she ’s pretty mean sometimes .
It also becomes apparent that there is tension between Rocky and her mother because of a perceived achievement gap – Rocky is the first woman in her family to go to college and her mother worries that she ’ll be book smart , but lack the necessary “ sense ” to survive in the world .
And then there ’s Ghana , where much of the film takes place .
Rocky visits her father in Ghana and is excited to see him because of the frustration she feels with her mother .
She thinks her father will absolve her of her mother ’s critiques because he “ gets ” her unlike her mother .
But she discovers that her father does get her , but what he gets , she does n’t like .
He sees her immaturity , her meanness , self - centeredness .
And much to her chagrin , he lets her know , like her mother does , that she needs to change .
But what the film does well is show not only how she needs to change , but the actual change that occurs from lessons learned and the thoughtful revolution that occurs on her part even while she pushes back against friends and family .
This part is illustrated well at the end of the film .
Lessons of leadership — personal sacrifice , putting those you speak for before yourself — are seen in Rocky as she confidently lets her classmates and professor at Dickinson College know that leadership is n’t about you and leading from the front , but actually being in the background and the one who reflects the needs of those who follow .
And Rocky really believes this .
She is now a student leader that is imbued with the wisdom of her parents and the lessons she has learned over the past few years as she has transitioned from New York City to rural Pennsylvania .
She is self - reliant rather than self - obsessed and fully aware of how growth does n’t end one day and sagacity begin the next , but go hand - in - hand .
This is infuriating : According to today ’s New York Times , most low - wage workers in America are victims of routine theft .
The thieves : wealthy employers , who steal on average 15 % of their low - wage employees ’ pay by routinely underpaying them for their work , according to a new report .
Huge numbers of America ’s low - wage workers do n’t even earn minimum wage for their work .
Only 20 % of these wage - slaves dare to complain or consider starting or joining a union–and of those who do , nearly half suffer illegal punishment at the hands of their bosses and / or companies , either suspended or fired .
And of course , the companies never worry that the government will do anything to them for illegally stomping on America ’s vulnerable , because you know , government is a bad , bad thing .
We live in Dickensian times again , folks , except that ours is a degraded Dickens : our Dickensian victims do n’t evince any of the pathos of Dickens ’ 19th century characters , because officially , none of this is even happening .
And if it is happening , it ’s their own damn fault .
So to repeat : the average low - wage worker is the victim of corporate theft every week –his wealthy company steals 15 % of his wages as a matter of routine .
It happens all the time–most workers say their company robbed them as recently as last week !
I ’ve been studying this kind of 21st century Dickensian exploitation in America for several years now , because so many “ going postal ” shootings over the past 25 years took place in companies where this kind of exploitation is rampant–from the massacre in Alabama earlier this year , where both the shooter and his mother were part of an infuriating class - action lawsuit against Pilgrim ’s Pride chicken for stiffing low - wage employees out of their earnings ( Pilgrim ’s Pride billionaire founder Bo Pilgrim eventually sought and was granted bankruptcy protection ) , to the very first modern workplace massacre in Louisville , Kentucky , where the shooter was fighting a long , losing battle against management over numerous violations and government warnings which the company casually dismissed –until the day of the massacre .
For me the most incredible moment in today ’s New York Times article on how badly low - wage workers get fucked was how surprised the researchers were to learn how often it happens :
“ We were all surprised by the high prevalence rate , ” said Ruth Milkman , one of the study ’s authors and a sociology professor at the University of California , Los Angeles , and the City University of New York .
Reading this article reminded me again of a common meme among the smug “ I see through the bullshit ” / “ I ’m neither right nor left ” cheeseheads that we at The eXile and eXiled Online always had to hear : before the 2008 crisis , the answer to why there are n’t larger uprisings in America was always , “ The working class has been bought off .
Everyone just wants a plasma TV . ”
Now that it ’s no longer merely leftwing to recognize how foolishly deluded that kind of thinking was , this meme has morphed into an equally idiotic “ they do n’t rise up because there ’s no way to win ! ”
It ’s as though ours is the first generation ever to face bad odds when fighting for our rights .
The problem , as I see it , is that everyone ’s looking for a way to avoid looking at this for what it is .
Instead everyone ’s energy is spent looking for a cheap shortcut around what is really a straight - forward horror story , our horror story .
And the cleverest of all keep falling into that safe , comfortable trap of cheap cynicism– the “ soporific ” that Nietzsche warned of .
To quote Ray Midge in Dog of the South : “ We ’re worse than our fathers , Dupree .
We do n’t even look like them . ”
Mark Ames is the author of Going Postal : Rage , Murder and Rebellion from Reagan ’s Workplaces to Clinton ’s Columbine .
Click the cover & buy the book !
After a short three - month beta program , Microsoft is officially releasing Microsoft Security Essentials ( MSE ) , its free , real - time consumer antimalware solution for fighting viruses , spyware , rootkits , and Trojans .
MSE is yet another layer of defense the company is offering to help its customers fight the threats that plague Windows PCs .
Microsoft Security Essentials is available for Windows XP 32 - bit ( 8.61MB ) , Windows Vista/7 32 - bit ( 4.28 MB ) , and Windows Vista /7 64 - bit ( 4.71 MB ) .
The final build number is 1.0.1611.0 .
Microsoft warns that MSE should not be installed alongside any other antimalware application .
Indeed , MSE 's installer disables Windows Defender completely , which makes sense as it is a sort of superset to Windows Defender .
It builds upon Windows Defender by offering both real - time protection and on - demand scanning for all types of malware .
Although you wo n't be asked for personal information or to register for anything , you 'll need to pass the Windows Genuine Advantage validation to install MSE .
In short , while Microsoft 's security updates are available for free to pirates , active protection from Redmond is n't .
One might notice the " Essentials " branding that Microsoft is clearly pulling from Windows Live Essentials .
MSE wo n't be included in WLE , however , even though non-Windows Live applications like Silverlight are included in the suite .
Furthermore , there is no download link for MSE included in the final release of Windows 7 , but there is for Windows Live Essentials .
This is a curious decision given that Redmond wants to push MSE out to all those who currently do not have a security solution ( between 50 and 60 percent of Windows users , according to the company ) .
Nevertheless , it can be quite easily explained : Microsoft wants to avoid antitrust issues from competing security giants .
Now that you 've got the necessary background information , let 's take a closer at the different features of MSE .
The GUI
Microsoft Security Essentials has one of the simplest and clearest GUIs we 've seen for an antimalware solution .
This is not something we would call " obtrusive " or " bloated " like many of the security products currently on the market .
It may not be the most elegant design , but that 's not what one should be looking for in a security solution anyway .
An antimalware solution needs to clearly communicate important information when you 're using it ; barring a need for user response , it should make itself scarce .
When everything is running as it should , MSE makes sure users know all is well , with a green - colored highlighting across the UI and via a green taskbar icon .
When something is amiss , MSE makes sure users know they 'll need to take action , with red-color highlighting across the UI and via a red taskbar icon .
Microsoft Security Essentials updates itself very quietly in the background .
In fact , we were never once bothered by its updating system ; the only prompts we received were when the application actually needed our attention , like when it detected a threat that needed to be cleaned .
Signatures are updated more or less daily through Microsoft Update , though new signatures can be published as often as three times a day .
The core antimalware engine is scheduled to update itself with new features and bug fixes on a monthly basis .
The History tab is useful for reviewing how well the program is working , and tweaking decisions you 've already made on previous detections .
It gives a great overview of what the program has found and also gives more information on each potential threat .
MSE has a surprising number of settings to work with .
Considering the simplicity of the product , it 's still very customizable .
Power users enjoy having tons of features to tweak , and we think they 'll be satisfied with the settings that can be changed in MSE .
It does n't offer as many options as some other security suites , but given its features , the settings that can be adjusted are exactly what one would expect .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : South Austin
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
I made it to my abortion with five minutes to spare .
Keep up the good work !
As a game developer , I ’m concerned with performance .
Yes , we ’re living in next - gen land , and there ’s a lot of performance – but then somebody comes along and squeezes every last drop out of a platform you develop for , and you better do that too .
As such , I ’m occasionally involved in discussions about the merits of using C++.
As such , one topic that comes up in every single discussion is the ‘ hidden cost ’ of using C++.
And the reply is inevitably “ There ’s no such thing !
It ’s all in the source code ! ”
Well , yes , it is .
But let me explain what I mean by it .
In C , if I have a line of code like this :
a = func ( b , c ) ;
I can take a rough guess at the cost of the function by the name of it .
The only other part I need to have a mental model of the performance is the overhead involved .
And in C , the cost of a function call is pretty fixed .
The only ‘ surprise ’ that can happen is that it ’s inline and thus faster than you expected .
Not so in C ++.
Is it a function call , a member function call , or is it an anonymous constructor ?
Are b and c implicitly invoking copy constructors for other classes as part of type coercion ?
Is that a normal assignment , or an assignment operator ?
Is there a cast operator involved ?
And once I have answered those questions , I have to look at all the classes involved .
If they have a non-empty destructor , cost is added .
Should those destructors be virtual , more cost is added .
Virtual cast operators ?
Add some more .
As the end result , your overhead can grow dramatically .
Especially those virtual calls are quite costly .
The total runtime of a loop can easily vary by 10 x or more based on those parameters .
Of course , they are not really hidden – if I look at the source code , I can easily see them .
The real hidden cost is that now , instead of looking at one piece of source – the function itself – I need to look at up to four different classes .
Add possible ancestors to find out if a call is virtual .
That is the hidden cost .
The mental model for a simple function call became incredibly large and complex , and every function call is potentially as complex .
Which makes reasoning about performance a rather hard thing to do .
Worse , it makes profiling harder than necessary .
All the type coercions that happen at the API level will show up as separate functions , not attributed to the callee , but the caller .
All that translates ultimately into either worse performance or longer development time .
Neither one is something you like to hear about .
Prince Charles says he is n’t ‘ stupid ’ after quizzed about his rule as king
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Mercedes - Benz has no plans to end its relationship with the McLaren Formula 1 team because of its planned buy - out of Brawn GP , but the German car manufacturer has said that its partnership with the Woking - based outfit will change .
The Stuttgart - based car maker has agreed a three - year plan to buy into the Brawn GP team , although a final contract has not yet been signed .
The deal has cast doubts about the future of the McLaren and Mercedes relationship , but Daimler boss Dieter Zetsche said that his company was not planning to walk away from the team once their exclusive partnership deal ends after 2011 .
" Ending the relationship is not an option but we may have a different relationship , " he told AUTOSPORT 's sister website autocar.co.uk .
Zetsche also admitted that the future of their relationship would depend on where F1's costs headed over the next few years .
" We [ Mercedes ] want to see significantly lower budgets in F1 and the changing of regulations , " said Zetsche .
The move appears to leave McLaren choosing whether it wants to become just a Mercedes - Benz customer team from 2012 , or go and seek a partnership with another manufacturer .
Zetsche revealed that part of the motivation for the future tie - up with Brawn was fuelled by a row with McLaren about developing its own supercar .
" For a long period we had a lack of alignment on road cars , but we have now found a clear solution and we wo n't participate , " he said on the same day that Mercedes - Benz unveiled its own SLS supercar .
* This week 's AUTOSPORT carries a full analysis of why Mercedes - Benz is linking up with Brawn , and what the deal means for McLaren 's future .
Mr Barrow added that the news on Lloyds had not helped the pound , but said that recent weakness in both the pound and the dollar was largely down to the fact that both countries had undertaken QE on a major scale .
" The market is punishing these two currencies for quantitative easing , and room for the pound and dollar to recover is probably some way off , " he said .
However , he doubted that the pound 's weakness had much to do with monetary policy in the eurozone , arguing that the ECB was unlikely to tighten policy this year or next .
Before the 1950s , the future confronting the human race was bleak .
With the global population increasing and becoming more dependent on energy - dense technologies to sustain its food supplies and rising living standards , there seemed no escape from the catastrophe that would come eventually when the coal and the oil ran out .
But few worried unduly .
It was only after an escape from the nightmare presented itself with the harnessing of nuclear processes and the prospect of unlimited energy that people began to worry .
People can be very strange .
Toward Higher Energy Densities
For reasons that have mainly to do with politics and the media ’s thirst for sensationalism , nuclear energy has been a subject of much disinformation and alarmism for several decades .
In fact , nuclear is safer , cleaner , and potentially cheaper and more abundant than any other proven source of energy that the human race has come up with .
But beyond this , its real significance is that it represents the next natural step in the evolutionary progression that has marked the history of energy development .
From unaided muscle power , through the use of animals , wood , wind and water , to coal , and oil , finding better ways of doing the work involved in living has reflected the harnessing of more concentrated energy sources .
A lot is written about how much energy can be obtained from this source or that source .
But if you really want to do things more easily and efficiently — and open up ways to doing new things that were inconceivable before — what counts is energy density .
How much can be packed into a given volume .
It ’s easy to calculate how much energy it takes to lift three hundred people across the Atlantic , and how much wood you ’d need to burn to release that much energy .
Okay , now try building a wood - burning 757 .
It wo n’t work .
The mountain of logs will never get itself off the ground .
You need the concentration of jet fuel .
Some people argue that we do n’t need nuclear power because we already have other ways to generate electricity .
This misses the whole point .
It would be like somebody in an earlier century telling Michael Faraday that we did n’t need electricity because we already had other ways to heat water .
What made electricity so different was its ability to do things that were unachievable to any degree with existing technologies , and the whole field of electrical engineering and electronics that we take for granted today was the result .
A similar distinction sets nuclear processes apart from conventional sources .
All forms of hydrocarbon and other chemical combustion involve energy changes in the outer electron shells of atoms .
The energies associated with transitions of the atomic nucleus are thousands of times more intense , and hence represent a breakthrough to the next regime of energy control that the growth of human populations and wealth creation require .
The so - called alternatives do not .
Our present use of nuclear energy , as a replacement for conventional heat sources to generate electricity by steam turbines , is just a first , exploratory step into a qualitatively new realm of capability , opening up prospects of obsoleting most of today ’s cumbersome and polluting industries in much the same way as the introduction of electricity revolutionized the coal - based methods of the nineteenth century .
As an example , at the hundred - million - degree temperatures of a nuclear plasma , all atoms are stripped of their electrons and become raw , highly charged nuclei that can be manipulated simply and efficiently by electric and magnetic fields .
This implies ways for economically extracting the trace elements that exist in all forms of rock , desert sand , seawater , and construction debris without need of geologically concentrated ores to make it worthwhile , hence replacing or streamlining much of our present mining and primary metals extraction industries .
Also , it gives a total recycling method for all types of waste .
Or consider the chemicals industry .
The conventional way of getting reactants to split up or combine is to brew them together for hours , days , or even weeks in big vats , usually under heat to supply the energy that the reactions require .
But heat is a broadband source spread over a wide range of wavelengths , which means that energy is available at favorable wavelengths for many different reactions among the molecules involved , and so a mix of compounds will be formed .
The typical result is that only a fraction of the reactants go into producing the product that was desired , which raises its cost , and the marketing department tries to find uses for the sludge that ’s left over .
In laboratories , lasers are being used to drive chemical reactions with narrowband energy at just the absorption wavelength of the molecule required , transforming all of the materials into useful products in milliseconds .
Recombining reactants from a tuned plasma state offers the same possibilities on an industrial scale .
The Way to Go : South Korea ’s nuclear park at Yongwang , with 6 x 1,000 - megawatt reactors
The availability of cheap , high - temperature process heat opens the way to desalinating seawater inexpensively in large quantities and pumping it to where it needs to go to irrigate currently useless land .
Furthermore at such temperatures , water “ cracks ” thermally into its constituent atoms , yielding a potentially unlimited supply of hydrogen as a base for a whole range of synthetic liquid fuels to replace gasoline .
My guess is that , given the will and the vision , we could be making our own hydrocarbons more cheaply , and possibly with higher efficiency , long before the last barrel of the natural stuff is pumped out of the ground .
Looking farther ahead and more speculatively , we have the prospect of ending all our materials - shortage problems permanently by transmuting elements on a bulk scale .
All atoms can be broken down into their elementary particles , and the particles reassembled into atoms of whatever we want — a whole new science of structure - building that stands to nuclei as present - day chemistry does to molecules .
Eventually , we ’ll make our materials the way nature does in stars , with unlimited energy as a by - product .
And when we ’ve developed the technologies here on Earth we can ship them up to orbit and to the Moon , and that ’s how we ’ll build our space colonies and starships .
Or would you rather be a fish ?
What About Safety ?
One of the fears implanted in the public mind has been that nuclear power is inherently dangerous .
Every form of human activity carries some attendant risk .
The only meaningful way that society can judge the acceptability of a given risk is by weighing it against the benefits , and comparing the result with those obtained by similarly treating the alternatives .
Despite the hysterical media reactions to the accidents at Three Mile Island and Chernobyl , nuclear power remains probably the least threatening to human life of all major industrial technologies .
Because the energy density of nuclear fuels is much greater , the amount needed to achieve the same result is correspondingly less .
Over five thousand times as much coal has to be mined , transported , and processed as uranium to produce the same amount of energy — 200 trains a year , each consisting of 100 cars , to feed a 1,000 Megawatt plant , compared to four car loads of uranium oxide .
Fatalities resulting worldwide from mining operations alone every year are numbered in thousands , but like automobile accidents they occur in ones and twos spread over time in many places , and are largely invisible .
In the Western world , nuclear power generation has never killed anybody .
At Three Mile Island no one was killed , no one was hurt , and no member of the public was ever in any danger .
We were not at the brink of a major catastrophe .
A bizarre set of circumstances coupled with inappropriate operator responses led to a loss of coolant and damage to the reactor core that included the melting of some fuel .
The safety systems responded the way they were supposed to by shutting the system down .
The outer layers of containment were never challenged , let alone breached , putting conditions well within the worst - case scenario that the plant had been designed to withstand .
At one point there was speculation that an accumulation of hydrogen gas might explode .
Had it done so , there would have been simply a chemical detonation — certainly nothing of a thermonuclear nature as was suggested by the headline H - BLAST IMMINENT that appeared in some newspapers .
It was established later that an explosion could n’t have happened since there was no oxygen present ; but even if it had , the shock would have been comparable to that imparted by a sledge hammer , which would hardly damage a reactor vessel with steel walls twelve inches thick .
The engine block of a car absorbs more stress thousands of times every minute .
Even if the vessel had cracked , any dangerous material would still have had to get through a four - foot concrete shield and an outer steel containment shell to reach the environment .
Yes , some radioactive gas accumulated in the containment building and was subsequently vented to the outside .
But the predictions of tens of thousands of cancer deaths as a consequence were absurd .
The maximum increase in radiation dose measured immediately above the plant was in the order of eight millirems over the course of several days .
A routine dental X - ray delivers three times as much in seconds .
When a dam bursts , a drilling platform collapses , or a gas storage tank explodes , you do n’t have days for the luxury of holding press conferences and talking about evacuating .
Chernobyl did n’t say anything about nuclear engineering .
It did say something about priorities under a militarist totalitarian system in which public safety does n’t figure highly in policymaking .
What happened was that the reactor ’s graphite core caught fire after the safety systems had been turned off for experimental work to be conducted , and the resultant explosion ejected radioactive material due to the lack of a comprehensive containment structure .
Reduced containment suggests a design intended primarily to serve military needs , where the fuel has to be removed frequently to avoid the contamination by fission products that would prevent purification to the level that weapons - grade material requires .
In civilian power reactors the fuel rods are changed typically every three years , and the obstruction caused by containment structures becomes less of a hassle .
So what the circumstances point to is a facility built primarily for defense purposes being used to supplement the power grid at a time of low political tension and reduced military demand .
It ’s difficult to see how anything comparable could happen with Western nuclear plants in the way that some critics have claimed .
Besides operating inside multi-layer containment to ensure defense in depth , Western reactors do n’t possess graphite cores — such a basis for design was expressly rejected by the U.S. in 1950 , precisely because of the risk of one igniting in the way that happened .
Two features are essential for a nuclear power reactor to function : a “ moderator ” substance , which surrounds the fuel and in effect keeps the nuclear chain reaction running ; and a coolant to carry away the heat produced and deliver it to the steam generator that drives the turbines .
The Chernobyl design used graphite as the moderator and water as the coolant .
This means that if the coolant flow fails the reactor will continue to produce heat at full power ( because of the presence of the moderator ) , with consequent rapid escalation to an emergency — as in fact occurred .
Western designs , by contrast , use water as both the moderator and the coolant .
So if the coolant should fail , the moderator is automatically lost also , and the chain reaction ceases , leaving only the residual fission products as sources of heat to be disposed of , which represents typically five percent of the normal power output .
The actual attributed deaths at Chernobyl numbered thirty - eight , from immediate effects and acute radiation poisoning among firefighters and rescue workers .
The figure of hundreds of thousands of long - term cancers that was bandied around came not from any physical diagnoses but from statistical computer exercises using theoretical assumptions that have been shown to be wrong .
Studies twenty years later show nothing to support these predictions .
But What If ? . . .
More people seem to be realizing that a nuclear power plant cannot explode like an atom bomb .
The detonating mechanism for a bomb has to be built with extreme precision for the bomb to work at all , and a power plant contains nothing like it .
Besides that , the materials used are completely different .
Natural uranium contains about 0.7 percent of the fissionable U - 235 isotope , which has to be enriched to more than 90 percent for bomb - grade material .
For the slow release of energy required in power reactors , the fuel is enriched to only 3.5 percent .
It simply is n’t an explosive .
So what about a meltdown ?
Even if TMI was n’t one , might n’t the next accident be ?
Yes , it might .
The chance has been estimated — using the same methods that work well in other areas of engineering where there have been enough actual events to verify the calculations — as being about the same as that of a major city being hit by a meteorite one mile across .
Even if it happened , simulations and studies indicate that it would n’t be the calamity that most people imagine .
If the fuel did melt its way out of the reactor vessel , it would be far more likely to sputter about and solidify around the massive supporting structure than continue reacting and burrow its way down through the floor .
The British tested an experimental reactor in an artificial cave in Scotland for over twenty years , subjecting it to every conceivable failure of the coolant and safety systems .
In the end they switched everything off and sat back to see what happened .
Nothing very dramatic did .
The core quietly cooled itself down , and that was that .
But what if the studies and simulations are flawed and the British experience turns out to be a fluke ?
Then , might n’t the core turn into a molten mass and go down through the floor ?
Yes , it might .
And then what would happen ?
Nothing much .
We ’d have a lot of mess down a hole in the ground , which would probably be the best place for it .
But what if there was a water table near the surface ?
In that case we ’d create a lot of radioactive steam that would blow back up into the containment building , which again would be the best place for it .
But what if some kind of geological or structural failure caused it to come up outside the containment building ?
It would most likely expand high into the sky and dissipate .
But what if . . .
Now we ’re beginning to see the kinds of improbability chains that have to be dreamed up to create disaster scenarios for scaring the public .
Remembering the odds against any major core disintegration in the first place , what if there happened to be an atmospheric inversion that held the cloud down near the ground , and if there was a wind blowing toward an urban area that was strong enough to move the cloud but not enough to disrupt the inversion layer ?
. . .
Then yes , you could end up killing a lot of people .
The statistical predictions work out at about 400 fatalities per meltdown .
Perhaps not as bad as you ’d think .
And that ’s if we ’re talking about deaths that could n’t be attributed directly to the accident as such , but which would materialize as a slight increase in the cancer rate of a large population over many years , increasing an individual ’s risk from something like 20.5 percent to 21 percent .
Since air pollution from coal burning is estimated to cause 10,000 deaths annually in the U.S. , for nuclear power to be as dangerous as coal is now would require a meltdown somewhere or other every two weeks .
But if we ’re talking about directly detectable deaths within a couple of months from acute radiation sickness , it would take 500 meltdowns to kill 100 people .
On this basis , even having 25 meltdowns every year for 10,000 years would cause fewer deaths than automobiles do in one year .
What About The Radiation , Then ?
It ’s true that even an unmelted - down nuke under normal operation and in proper working order releases some radiation into the environment .
But then , so does a shovelful of dirt from your back yard , the air you breathe , everything you eat , the water you drink , and even your body tissues .
There ’s hardly anything that does n’t emit some radiation from trace elements that it contains , all of which adds up to a natural background thousands of times stronger than anything contributed by the nuclear industry .
The emission from the granite that Grand Central Station is built from exceeds the permissible limit set for industry .
Grand Central Station would n’t get a license as a nuclear plant .
This is not meant to suggest that large doses of radiation are n’t harmful .
Napalm bombs and blast furnaces are not very healthy either , but it does n’t follow that heat in any amount is therefore hazardous .
You would n’t last long at the no-dose temperature of absolute zero .
The science of toxicology has long recognized the phenomenon of “ hormesis , ” in which substances that are lethal in high doses , turn out to be beneficial , if not actually essential to health , in small doses , as a result of stimulating the body ’s immune and repair mechanisms .
In the last few decades it has become increasingly clear that this applies to ionizing radiation as well .
By just about every measure that biologists use to assess the well - being of living things — vitality ; longevity ; number of offspring ; the number of them that survive ; healing of injuries ; susceptibility to disease and speed of recovery — everything from bacteria through plants , bugs , invertebrates , to mammals and people fares better when the environmental radiation is moderately increased .
Depending on the type of organism , the optimum seems to be around ten times the natural background ; beyond that the effects become less benign , then harmful , and eventually lethal .
And this makes intuitive sense .
When it comes to temperature , pressure , humidity , light , internal and external chemical concentrations , and just about everything else that makes up their environments , living things are designed , created , evolved — whatever you subscribe to — to exist within a distinct comfort zone , beyond which too little can be as bad as too much .
It would seem odd if the same did n’t apply to radiation too .
Nevertheless , we are constantly being told that any level of radiation is harmful , however small .
A simple prediction from this would be that cancer in areas with higher background levels ought to be greater .
But the fact is , they ’re not .
The cancer rate in Colorado , for example , with twice the nation ’s average radiation , due to the cosmic rays at that altitude and the high radioactivity of the rocks that occur there , when corrected for such factors as age and occupation , is only 68 percent of the average .
The relationship remains negative — i.e. the higher the radiation background , the lower the cancer rate — across the country as a whole , with a spectacular correlation coefficient of minus 39 percent .
That ’s about the same as the correlation of lung cancer with cigarette smoking — but the other way around .
What About The Waste ?
Well , after the foregoing heresies , would it come as a complete surprise if I were to suggest that the ease of getting rid of the waste is one of nuclear power ’s major benefits ?
Because the amount of fuel needed for the same amount of energy is much smaller , so is the amount of waste produced .
And the waste that is produced is n’t as hazardous as people are led to believe .
It ’s considerably less dangerous than many other substances that are handled routinely in far greater quantities with far less care , which the world accepts as a matter of course .
Around 95 percent of the spent fuel that comes out of a power reactor can be reprocessed into new fuel and put back in — saving in a typical plant ’s 40 - year lifetime the equivalent of eight billion dollars ’ worth of oil .
Burning it up in this way is the sensible thing to do , and the industry was designed on the assumption that this would be the case .
What ’s left after reprocessing constitutes the “ high level ” waste that needs to be disposed of .
A large , 1,000 - MW plant produces about a cubic yard of it in a year — small enough to fit under a dining - room table .
A coal plant of equal capacity produces ten tons of waste every minute .
A facility to reprocess spent nuclear fuel in the U.S. was commenced as a joint venture by government and industry at Barnwell , South Carolina .
But work was halted in early 1977 essentially for political reasons , while at the same time the utilities were cut off from the military reprocessing facilities that had been handling domestic wastes safely for twenty years .
Thus , 100 percent of what comes out of reactors is having to be treated as if it were high - level waste , to be stored in ways that were never intended , and this is what gets the publicity .
It ’s a needlessly manufactured political problem , not a technical one .
The rest of the world continues to reprocess its spent fuel regardless .
But is n’t it true that the high - level waste remains radioactive for tens of thousands of years ?
So what do you do with that ?
Yes , the high - level waste contains fission products that have long half - lives .
But these are not what constitute a possible biological hazard .
They just provide big numbers that get the public ’s attention .
For obviously , if the energy release is spread out over that long a time , its intensity ca n’t be very great .
Rusting iron has a long half - life ; TNT has a short one .
The principal danger is from the short - lived isotopes , such as iodine 131 , with a half - life of eight days .
To allow these to decay to levels that can be safely handled , the spent fuel is put into cooling ponds at the reactor site for six months before being shipped for reprocessing .
So what do you do with what ’s left ?
Current proposals are to reduce it to a powder , vitrify the powder into a highly stable glass , seal the glass into steel canisters , and bury them in a concrete repository two thousand feet underground — although some scientists have urged that the repository be made accessible , since the “ wastes ” contain many rare isotopes that could be invaluable after the current phobias have abated .
Beyond this somewhat mundane approach , more recent theoretical and research developments point to the feasibility of artificially stimulating these long - life fission products to decay instead in ways that will take only minutes , using low - cost equipment that can be operated on - site , without need for costly transportation and long - term bulk storage .
By definition these are unstable nuclei , after all , like rocks balanced on the edge of a precipice , waiting for a nudge to send them in a direction that they ’re already set to go .
Such a solution has a feeling of “ appropriateness ” about it — using nuclear technology to resolve an issue that is of an inherently nuclear nature .
Let ’s make no bones about it .
We are talking here about a significant concentration of radiation that would have to be confined and handled with great care .
If all the electricity used in the United States were produced by nuclear power , the high - level waste produced each year would be enough to kill ten billion people — more than the present population of the planet .
Sounds scary , does n’t it ?
But the U.S. also produces enough barium to kill a hundred billion people , enough ammonia and cyanide to kill six trillion , enough phosgene to kill twenty trillion , and enough chlorine to kill four hundred trillion .
There ’s no doubt enough gasoline around , too , in cars , garages , storage refineries , and under filling stations to kill us all several times over , and enough pills in hospitals , pharmacies , and family medicine closets .
But we do n’t worry about it , because there ’s no way in which the population is going to line up to be administered their dose or otherwise be evenly exposed to any of these substances .
This is even more true of nuclear waste sealed deep underground .
Every foot of overlying rock reduces the radiation by a factor of ten , which means there ’s no hazard to anyone above ground from the buried material .
What danger there is comes from the risk of some of it finding its way out of the repository and into a person through being ingested or inhaled .
Unlike chemical toxins , which remain lethal forever , radiation from nuclear waste decays with time .
After ten years of burial , it would be about as toxic as barium if ingested ; if inhaled , a tenth as toxic as ammonia and a thousandth as toxic as chlorine .
After a hundred years these figures fall to one ten - thousandth , one hundred - thousandth , and one ten - millionth respectively .
Nature ’s biological waste - disposal program puts a thousand million tons of ammonia into the atmosphere every year , and we use chlorine liberally to clean our bathtubs and swimming pools .
For comparison , a year ’s operation of a 1,000 - MW coal plant produces 1.5 million tons of ash — 30,000 truck loads , or enough to cover one and a half square miles to a depth of 40 feet — that contains large amounts of carcinogens and toxins , and which can be highly acidic or alkaline depending on the sulfur content of the coal .
Also , ironically , more unused energy is thrown away in the form of trace uranium in the ash than was obtained from burning the coal .
Getting rid of it is a stupendous task , and it ends up being dumped in shallow landfills that are easily leached out by groundwater , or simply piled up in mountains on any convenient site .
And that ’s only the solid waste .
In addition there is the waste that ’s disposed of up the smokestack , which includes 600 pounds of carbon dioxide and ten pounds of sulfur dioxide every second , and the same quantity of nitrogen oxides as 200,000 automobiles .
So in answer to questions about the “ unsolved problem ” of nuclear waste , is this supposed to be a solved one ?
An equivalent - size nuke , by contrast , produces nothing in addition to its cubic yard of high - level waste , because there is n’t any chemical combustion .
No ash , no gases , no smokestack , and no need for elaborate engineering to generate and control enormous air flows .
Because of its compactness , nuclear power is the first major industrial technology for which it is actually possible to talk about containing all the wastes and isolating them from the biosphere .
A study of the consequences of the U.S. going to all - nuclear electricity concluded that the total additional health risk that the average citizen would be exposed to , covering everything from uranium mining through transportation , power generation , to final disposal of the wastes , would be equivalent to that of raising the speed limit by six thousandths of one mile per hour .
The risks eliminated , of course , would be far greater .
What About Terrorists ?
Fears are expressed that the spread of nuclear power would make available the resources and materials for politically unstable nations and terrorists to make bombs .
To whatever degree such possibilities may exist in today ’s world , domestic nuclear power is pretty much irrelevant .
Any group that has the determination and funds to make a bomb can do so in any of at least a half - dozen ways that are cheaper , simpler , faster , and less hazardous than going through the complications of using new or used power plant fuel , and require no access to civilian generating technology .
Expertise is available that can be bought for a price , and with laser isotope separation techniques the materials to produce bomb - grade materials exist in rocks everywhere .
Slowing the introduction of nuclear power to developing nations does nothing to reduce potential weapons threats .
It does , however , retard their economic development and thus help perpetuate the differences in health and living standards that perhaps make resorting to such threats more likely .
Solar Dreaming
If the way forward into the future calls for higher energy densities , the notion that we can depend on solar or wind ( which is another form of solar ) represents a move backward .
To get an idea of just how dilute a source solar is compared even to coal , consider a lump of coal capable of yielding a kilowatt - hour of electricity , which would weigh about a pound , and ask how long the Sun would have to shine on it to deposit the same amount of energy that the coal will release when burned .
The area of its shadow , which measures the sunlight intercepted , would be about fifteen square inches .
In Arizona in July , with a 24 - hour annualized average insolation of 240 watts per square meter , it would take 435 hours , or almost three weeks , for this amount of surface to receive a kilowatt - hour of sunshine .
For the average location in the U.S. , allowing for bad weather and cloud cover , a reasonable estimate would be twice that .
But to obtain a kilowatt - hour of electricity , at the ten to twenty percent efficiency attainable today , which appears to be approaching its limit , we ’d be talking somewhere between thirteen and seven months .
The Sun shining on forests for tens or hundreds of years affords an enormous concentration of energy over time that Nature performs for free .
Subsequent geological compaction into coal adds another dimension of concentration in space , which humans carry further by their activities of mining and transportation .
Hydroelectric power is another form of highly concentrated solar .
The Sun evaporates billions of tons of water off the oceans , which fall on wide areas of land and drain through river systems to strategic points suitable for building dams .
Once again , most of the work involving the concentration of energy in time and space on enormous scales is done for nothing by Nature .
I wonder if the people who talk glibly about attempting to match such feats artificially really comprehend the scale of the engineering that they ’re proposing .
A 1,000 - MW solar conversion plant , for example — the same size as I ’ve been using for the comparisons of coal and nuclear — would cover 50 to 100 square miles with 35,000 tons of aluminum , two million tons of concrete , 7,500 tons of copper , 600,000 tons of steel , 75,000 tons of glass , and 1,500 tons of other metals such as chromium and titanium — a thousand times the material needed to construct a nuclear plant of the same capacity .
These materials are not cheap , and real estate does n’t come for nothing .
Moreover , these materials are all products of heavy , energy - hungry industries in their own right that produce large amounts of waste , much of it toxic .
So much for “ free ” and “ clean ” solar power .
The comparison does n’t end there .
When a power engineer talks about a one - thousand - megawatt plant , he means one that can deliver a thousand megawatts on demand , anytime , day or night .
A nuclear plant can do this ; so can a conventional fossil - fuel plant .
But a solar plant can only operate when the Sun is shining , which straightaway gives it a maximum availability of 50 percent — low enough to be considered prohibitively uneconomic for any other type of power plant .
To ensure supply when the demand is there , some kind of regular supply would have to be available as a backup anyway , making the whole idea of solar as a replacement unrealistic .
The only other way would be to provide some kind of storage system that the solar plant would be able to charge up during its operating period , and then draw on when demand exceeds supply .
At present there is n’t any really satisfactory way of storing large amounts of electrical energy .
What ’s usually proposed instead is to convert it to potential energy by pumping water up to a high reservoir , and letting the water flow back down through turbines in the nonproductive periods .
A sleight - of - word commonly slipped in by solar advocates when pushing for this kind of option is to continue referring to the facility as a “ thousand megawatt ” solar plant .
However , the power industry ’s normal criterion expects a practicable storage system to be capable of recharging at five times the nominal rating .
This means that for “ thousand megawatt ” to mean the same as it does for every other kind of plant , the solar facility would have to have a peak capacity of six thousand megawatts , adding vastly to the size , complexity , cost , and environmental effects implied by the figures above .
Decentralizing by putting solar panels on everyone ’s roofs would n’t reduce the cost or the amount of materials , but simply spread them around .
In fact things would get worse , for the same reason that McDonalds use less oil to cook two tons of fries than eight thousand households that make a half a pound each .
The storage problem would n’t go away either , but would become each homeowner ’s responsibility .
In a battery just big enough to start a car , gases can accumulate that one spark can cause to explode — sometimes with lethal consequences , as some unfortunates have demonstrated when using jumper cables carelessly .
Imagine the hazard that a basement full of batteries the size of grand pianos would present , which a genuinely all - solar home would need to get through a bad spell in , say , Minnesota in January .
And who would do the maintenance and keep the acid levels topped up ?
Then we have the problem of keeping the roof panels clean and free from snow and wet leaves , not in the summer months , but when the roofs are slippery and frozen .
Even today , the biggest cause of accidental deaths in the country , after automobiles , is falls .
If we build all those houses with bombs in the basements and skating rinks on the roofs , it seems to me we ’d better add in a lot more hospitals and emergency rooms too , while we ’re at it .
As a science - fiction writer , I ’m certainly enthusiastic about the thought of our expanding into space — for the right reasons .
Solar power satellites has never struck me as one of them .
The intensity of solar radiation outside the atmosphere is about six times that on the surface , which is n’t a lot really .
I do n’t see how it could justify the expense of putting huge amounts of technology into orbit to reconcentrate energy diluted by ninety - three million miles ’ worth of the inverse square law , when we can generate it at the Sun ’s original density right here .
One study that I read estimated 10,000 shuttle launches to build a satellite capable of powering New York City — and on top of that would be the cost of ground equipment to receive the beamed power .
Similar considerations apply equally to wind power , which seems to be the current fad of the political savants who would lead us into the twenty - first century .
The picture above shows the South Korean nuclear park at Yongwang , which has six one - thousand - megawatt reactors .
Matching that capacity with wind generators would require a wind farm 175 miles wide extending from San Francisco to Los Angeles .
Direct solar would require somewhere around 20 square miles of collector area alone , i.e. without allowing any spacing for steerable geometry or the maintenance access that would be necessary for a practical plant design .
This is n’t to say that solar does n’t have its uses .
It can be beneficial in remote places far from a supply grid , such as isolated farms or weather stations , and if somebody who lives in the right place finds it worthwhile to shave something off his electricity bill , there ’s nothing wrong with that .
But the problem that matters is n’t simply a domestic one of keeping the living room at 75 degrees and heating the bath water .
The real issue is that of running the aluminum smelters , steel mills , fertilizer plants , cement works , factories , and transportation systems that keep a modern industrial society functioning .
Solar and its variants can never make a significant contribution .
And that is precisely the reason why those who do n’t want a modern industrial society are so much in favor of it and would like to see everything else forcibly shut down .
Malthusian Nightmares
And here , finally , we come to what the controversy is really all about .
In a word , population control .
The availability and cheapness of energy is probably the single best measure of the wealth and living standards that a society has attained , and will be reflected in the size to which its population can grow .
But not everyone agrees that letting populations grow to the level that advanced technology can support is a good thing .
In particular , the empowered and advantaged , whose influence has a lot to say about how the world is run and how the public ’s perceptions are shaped , would prefer not to see their place in the sun at the top of the social pyramid being crowded by overproducing rabble spilling up from the levels below .
There ’s nothing especially new about this .
No previous economy has ever been able to support more than a privileged minority at reasonable standards of comfort and affluence .
In early days there were a few privileged families , later an entire class , and in more recent times a minority of privileged nations .
When a privileged group becomes entrenched , two things tend to happen .
First , a rationale is constructed , based on religion , contrived science , or some other belief system , to justify the existing social order and induce the masses to accept their inferior lot .
Second , reasons are found why the progress that has enabled the privileged to get where they are has gone as far as it can and should stop right now .
Today we see it as promotion of the essentially Malthusian ideology that sees a planet with finite resources straining to support an exponentially growing population until either nature imposes limits through its traditional agencies of famine , disease , and war , or we impose artificial ones by rationing energy and curtailing growth , and the majority accept simpler lifestyles .
Anything else will simply produce more people than we can we can reasonably support , and hasten the day when everything runs out .
This is a legitimate view to hold .
But it ’s a social and political issue , and should be openly recognized and treated as such .
Trumped up phony science will eventually be refuted , and the main casualty will be trust in any science — which is already happening .
Human Factors
The fears are misplaced .
Applying observed dynamics of animal populations to human societies is to deny the qualities that set humans apart .
Unlike animals , who simply consume resources and react to their circumstances with fixed behavior patterns , humans create new resources and are capable of adapting their behavior to the new conditions that they bring about .
In primitive agricultural societies , with no life insurance , retirement pensions , social security , or machines to do the work , children are an economic asset .
And in conditions of high infant mortality , with all manner of risks lying in wait between cradle and grave , having large families to ensure at least one or two strong sons to run the farm and provide for one ’s old age makes a lot of sense .
But with urbanization and industrialization , children become expensive to house , feed , and educate , and family sizes plummet .
In addition , traditional values give way to more liberal attitudes and lifestyles that do n’t presume early marriage and the raising of families to be the only respectable aim in life in the first place .
The result is that as populations reach higher levels of security and well - being , they become self - limiting in numbers in ways that Thomas Malthus never dreamed of .
In the meantime , while the old ways and customs continue to exist alongside rising longevity and falling mortality , of course populations are going to increase .
So it was in Europe in the 18th to 19th centuries , in North America in the 19th –20th , and today it ’s happening across the Third World .
It ’s a sign that things are getting better , not worse .
A resource is not a resource until the knowledge and the means exist to make use of it .
Human civilization is a continuation at the level of applied intelligence of the evolutionary process that invented the photosynthesis industry , opening up the entire surface of the oceans as a biomass factory ; the first space suit in the form of the amniotic egg , which enabled life to launch itself out of the oceans and colonize the alien environment of dry land ; and the hemoglobin molecule to harness oxygen as a higher - power energy source .
New technologies create new resources — and always on a scale that dwarfs everything that went before .
Tomorrow ’s needs never have to be met by yesterday ’s methods .
The harnessing of steam , the discovery of electricity , and the exploitation of oil all opened up eras of wealth creation that were as qualitatively distinct from each other as they were from the economies of the Middle Ages based on wood , wind , and water .
The average Englishman today enjoys a better standard of living , materially , than Queen Victoria did .
Most Americans are millionaires by the standards of a century or so ago .
All of the world ’s peoples would like to think that a century from now their children will be living that way .
They could be , too .
The human race possesses the knowledge and the ability to ensure that every child born on the planet could look forward to a healthy and well - fed body , an educated mind , and the opportunity to become the best that he or she is capable of .
But when the demand is translated into energy needs — providing a globally stabilized population of , say , ten billion with energy per person probably greater than that of the U.S. today — the amount is utterly beyond any approaches that are merely variations of what we have .
Only continued evolution into the next logical realm of energy control can do it .
So , can we make nuclear energy work , safely , cleanly , and efficiently ?
Sure we can .
When we take a long , hard look at the alternatives , we see that we have to .
Fortunately for all of us , the Neanderthals who first learned how to tame fire thought the same way .
The Best of James P. Hogan
Those who hold others accountable must be held accountable .
Too often there is a culture within law enforcement that diminishes transparency and accountability , while demanding accountability from those law enforcement is charged with protecting and serving .
Elected city , county and state leaders must restore this balance by abolishing the death penalty , reforming sentencing practices , establishing police civilian review boards to hold rogue officers responsible , revising the training that police currently receive and bringing a new level of responsibility and transparency to policing in communities across the Commonwealth .
While these efforts reach beyond death penalty abolition , they nonetheless play a role in the criminal justice system that too often ends in government - sanctioned executions .
In the early years of our existence , KCADP grappled with requests to support issues other than abolition .
The Board decided that our narrow focus – to abolish the death penalty – allowed us to endorse only those policy issues that directly impact citizens being sentenced to death .
For example , KCADP joined other Louisville organizations that were calling for a Police Citizen Review Board to hold police accountable for their behavior , especially in the Black community .
That effort , led by the Kentucky Alliance Against Racist & Political Repression , failed .
Recent events cause us to consider again the people ’s demands for racial justice and accountability for police when they engage in racist behavior .
This behavior can be the beginning of the process in which innocent people are convicted , imprisoned , and sometimes sentenced to death .
As of July 31 , 2020 the National Registry of Exonerations reports that there have been 2,653 exonerations since 1989 .
On March 7 , 2017 , the Registry reported : “ Most innocent defendants who have been exonerated in the United States in the past 28 years are African Americans — almost half of the nearly 2,000 individual exonerations that we know about . ”
The Registry further reported that in the years 2017 – 2019 “ Official Misconduct ” contributed to the conviction of 284 defendants , 65 % of those exonerated in those three years .
This can have grave consequences beyond depriving someone of freedom by unjustly locking them up for years .
In a society that executes its citizens , official misconduct committed by police or prosecutors can also result in the taking of innocent human life .
The Death Penalty Information Center maintains a database of the 170 people who have been exonerated after being wrongfully convicted and sentenced to death .
Official misconduct is cited in 43 of the 170 cases as a cause for the conviction and death sentences these defendants received .
Of these 43 cases , 56 % ( 24 ) are identified as Black ; if those identified as Latino are included , then the percentage of exonerated persons of color condemned to death due to official misconduct rises to 65 % ( 28 ) .
In Kentucky , the Department of Public Advocacy ’s Kentucky Innocence Project has worked hard to establish the innocence of several Kentucky prisoners .
This webpage – https://dpa.ky.gov/who_we_are/KIP/Pages/Exonerations.aspx
– lists twenty “ success ” stories .
Official misconduct was cited as cause for the conviction in six of these 20 cases .
Nearly one - third of those exonerated were victims of police and other official misconduct .
Of these six persons , two are Black , one - third of the total of wrongfully convicted persons in a state whose Black population is seven percent .
We cannot estimate how many Black people and other people of color are currently incarcerated , or have been executed , for crimes they did not commit .
KCADP concludes that race is often a deciding factor in the conviction , incarceration and sentencing to long prison terms , and even death , of defendants facing trial .
Long before trial , misconduct by police and prosecutors has an impact on trial outcomes .
Thus , KCADP must add its voice to the current protests by Black Lives Matter and others who are demanding new ways of policing , new instruments by which the police will be held accountable in Kentucky , and transparency throughout the criminal justice system .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
More
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Tumblr
Reddit
Email
Print
" These are the times that try men 's souls . "
In 1776 , when the great Revolutionary War author Thomas Paine wrote those words , it was clear he was talking about owning Steve Slaton .
He probably had Green Bay or Tennessee in his Eliminator Challenge game , too .
From 1776 to 1783 , Paine wrote a series of pamphlets about the Revolutionary War called " The Crisis , " which was , it should be noted , insanely popular .
The series , not the war .
In it , he discussed the challenges and questions facing the average fantasy football owner while the country was being torn apart .
The pathos and anguish one must endure when not only fighting for his freedom but also recognizing that he spent a top - five draft pick on Matt Forte .
At least , that 's how I interpret his stuff .
If research , drafting , scouting , making shrewd trades and waiver pickups all while making the best lineup decisions are paramount to successfully seceding from England , er , beating your opponent , there is no greater skill than patience in helping you do all those things .
They say it 's a virtue , patience is ; and this week , more than ever , they are right .
Thomas Paine believed in life , liberty and drafting WR / WR when he had a late first - round pick .
Hulton Archive / Getty Images
Easy to say , of course , when you 're not sitting there at 0 - 2 , getting crushed in a league and being filled with panic .
And yet , I am .
I played against Drew Brees and Adrian Peterson in Week 1 . Frank Gore and Andre Johnson faced me in Week 2 , as my quarterback , Tom Brady , threw for the same number of touchdowns as Ben Franklin .
I can't remember a week when there were so many " if you had that guy , you won " performances , what with Gore , Chris Johnson , Andre Johnson , Matt Schaub and George Washington .
But as I sit at 0 - 2 in this league , with Brady and Slaton among others on my roster , I look it over and say , " I like this team . "
The scheduling gods have been cruel so far .
That disadvantage will even out , and I will win some weeks when I 'm not supposed to , I am sure .
Still , I can't tell you how angry I was while watching football this past weekend .
I 've mentioned many times that when watching games , I root much harder for my fantasy recommendations than I do for my real - life teams .
Getting calls correct such as being high on Schaub , Fred Jackson and Willis McGahee were counteracted by being dead , dead wrong on Philip Rivers , Carson Palmer and Ronnie Brown .
Ugh .
I live and die with every pick I make , and the " wrongs " crush me a lot more than the " corrects " make me feel good .
If you rewind the game tape and look closely , you actually can see Brown saying " F you , TMR " as he crossed the goal line the second time Monday night .
I understand the desire to want to trash everything and start over .
To say , " We can't take this anymore , so fine , I 'll stay British . "
Or to say , " To hell with the season , " and sign up to play free fantasy hockey and free fantasy basketball , both with free live scoring and auction draft capabilities , now on ESPN.com . "
I understand , empathize and relate to you , my friend .
But you need to not panic .
To resist the temptation to overhaul or just to chuck it .
You must continue to fight and just tweak your roster .
To insist on not having taxation without representation .
To grab a musket and head into Week 3 while reloading for the battles ahead .
Ownership percentages listed in parentheses are for ESPN.com standard leagues ( 10 teams ) .
I know some people wish this were for 12 - team or deeper leagues , but this column is geared toward 10 - team ESPN.com standard leagues because , you know , ESPN signs my paychecks .
I , specifically , am not fighting for freedom .
Do n't look back in anger
Here are some guys ( in the order in which I would grab them ) who were mentioned in last week 's column and are still available in many leagues .
To read about them , click here .
Steve Smith , WR , Giants ( 25 percent ) ; Mike Bell , RB , Saints ( 42 percent ) ; Todd Heap , TE , Ravens ( 21 percent ) ; Nate Burleson , WR , Seahawks ( 25 percent ) ; Isaac Bruce ( 17 percent ) ; Michael Clayton ( 4 percent ) .
" Say , Baby , Have n't I Seen You Somewhere Before ? "
Pickups of the week
Laurent Robinson , WR , Rams ( 1 percent ) : Mentioned in last week 's " Mendoza line " section , he makes the jump here based on a six - for - 54 - plus - a - score day .
After spending weeks locked in a closet watching film and breaking down game tape , I 've come to the conclusion that the Rams will be down and throwing a lot .
Bobby Wade , WR , Chiefs ( 1 percent ) :
In the preseason , one of my deep sleepers was Bobby Engram .
The thought process was solid .
Engram is a slot receiver , and in a Todd Haley system , the slot guy gets solid looks ( see Breaston , Steve in ' 08 ) .
Plus , we saw how often Matt Cassel looked to Wes Welker last season in New England .
With Tony Gonzalez off to Atlanta , Cassel will need a safety valve , and there could be some decent value for a guy it wo n't cost much to acquire .
The thinking was dead - on .
It was just the wrong last name .
Days after he was scraped off the waiver wire , Kansas City sticks Bobby Wade onto the field , and he responds with a six catches - for - 72 day ( on nine targets ) .
The Chiefs have attempted 63 passes in two weeks , and let me ask you this :
If you were a coach , would you hand off a lot if Larry Johnson was whom you had to hand off to ?
There you go .
Tashard Choice , RB , Cowboys : With Marion Barber looking like he could be out for a week or two , Choice would get a lot of play for a Cowboys team thatleads the NFL in rushing yards .
Just sayin' .
Justin Forsett , RB , Seahawks ( 1 percent ) :
He was a stud during the preseason , and I mentioned him briefly in my " Love / Hate update . "
I know they really like him up in Seattle and are trying to find ways to get him onto the field .
Julius Jones is still the starter , and his struggles are at least partially due to a very banged - up offensive line .
But if Jones loses his gig , my guess is it 's Forsett and not Edgerrin James who will take it .
He 's a good pass - catcher and has been playing on third downs ( six receptions for 57 yards ) to go along with five carries for 35 yards , and 92 yards on just 11 touches against a good defense with your starting quarterback out is something to note .
I 've put him this high up on the list because I feel his upside is that strong .
Through two weeks , Byron Leftwich has outscored Tom Brady , Aaron Rodgers and Kurt Warner , among many others .
Luc Leclerc / US
Presswire
Byron Leftwich , QB , Buccaneers ( 5 percent ) : A funny thing happened on the way to fantasy obscurity .
Someone forgot to tell Byron Leftwich .
Or forgot to tell the Bucs to play defense .
Or , more than likely , just did n't care .
If Laurent Robinson is the poster child for " junk time still counts , " Byron Leftwich is the Fathead of it .
He 's averaging 17 fantasy points a week through his first two games and has thrown for at least 275 yards in each contest .
As long as you do n't have to actually watch him play ( it 's not pretty , I can tell you that much ) , he 'll be reasonably productive .
Correll Buckhalter , RB , Broncos ( 17 percent ) :
If there 's one thing I screwed up in last week 's column , it was not mentioning him .
After Week 1's performance ( 10 touches , 57 yards )
I was told Knowshon Moreno would be getting more of the work , so I ignored Buckhalter , just as 83 percent of you have so far .
And Moreno did get more work , getting 19 touches to Buckhalter 's 10 .
But that does n't mean Buckhalter wo n't have value .
Yes , he had one big 45 - yard touchdown run .
But take that out , and you still have nine touches for 61 yards .
Devery Henderson , WR , Saints ( 44 percent ) : Last week , I said I was n't buying Robert Meachem or Henderson .
Well , one week later and , um , I 'm half right .
Honestly , I still think once Lance Moore is 100 percent healthy , Henderson will lose a lot of value ( so if I were in a deeper league and could sell high a bit , I totally would ) , but right now , the Saints ' offense is ridiculous , and there 's a decent chance I 'll start at running back for them next week .
Henderson had three catches for 71 yards , which was mostly on one play .
But because that one play can come again at any time for the Saints , he makes the list .
Mario Manningham , WR , Giants ( 5 percent ) :
Another guy who was on last week 's " I 'm not buying " list , and I 'm still not sold on the Giants ' high - flying passing attack .
But injuries to Domenik Hixon and Hakeem Nicks plus scores in two straight weeks are enough to have me recommend putting Manningham on your roster and dealing with the gloating of my podcast co-host , Nate Ravitz .
Julian Edelman , WR , Patriots ( 0 percent ) :
You may think I 'm a corporate shill sometimes , and I definitely cop to being an enthusiastic user of our product , not to mention a company man .
But even the most cynical of you have to admit this was pretty good .
Anyone watching our Sunday morning show " Fantasy Football Now " ( 11:30 a.m. ET until kickoff here on ESPN.com ) saw us announce that Wes Welker would be inactive and then saw Tim Hasselbeck say ( and me agree ) that you must go out and add Edelman , who'd had a huge preseason and whom Brady would target often with the expected Jets pressure .
He got eight catches for 98 yards on a day when much did n't go right for New England , and if Welker misses any amount of time , Edelman will have a lot of value .
Brent Celek , TE , Eagles ( 17 percent ) : A touchdown in Week 1 and more than 100 yards in Week 2 , Celek is yet another reason tight end is such a deep position this season .
And with it looking more likely that Donovan McNabb will miss Week 3 , Celek makes an interesting play as Kevin Kolb 's safety valve against Kansas City .
Johnny Knox , WR , Bears ( 1 percent ) : Another Mendoza guy from last week , he had another strong week .
His nine targets are even more impressive to me than his six receptions , but with 70 - plus yards for two straight weeks , a touchdown last week and Seattle on the schedule for Week 3 , it makes things interesting .
Just below the Mendoza line
It 's a baseball saying , but it 's appropriate here as well .
Here are some guys who should n't be picked up ( except in deeper leagues ) but whom I like and you should keep an eye on .
Malcolm Kelly , WR , Redskins : Mentioned during the preseason , Kelly is a big target , and because the Redskins can't play the broad side of the barn at wideout , he is as good a guess as any for someone Jason Campbell might be able to complete passes to .
I 'm a bit down on my Redskins , if you can't tell .
Four for 44 , and they get the Lions next .
Just saying .
Brandon Stokley , WR , Broncos : Honestly , I do n't know what the hell to do with Stokley .
Second straight week of solid value ( five receptions , 70 yards ) , but almost all his Week 1 value came from a fluke play .
Kyle Orton is looking for him , but being gut - level honest , I can't imagine a scenario in which I 'd feel confident starting him at any point during the next few weeks .
Sort of like , I know the colonies should win the Revolutionary War , but I still am taking the British in Country Pick ' Em . Just too big a favorite .
Which is why Stokley is here in the Mendoza section instead of among the pickups .
His teammate , Jabar Gaffney , also had a good game and , as a veteran of Josh McDaniels ' system , bears watching .
Pierre Garcon , WR , Colts : I still like Austin Collie more , but Garcon did catch the winning touchdown Monday night .
...
Hank Baskett , WR , Colts :
He 's worth noting because he has talent , is now on the Colts and is married to Playboy model Kendra Wilkinson .
Three things that do n't necessarily apply to me .
Chris Brown could eventually work his way into fantasy relevence .
Andy Lyons / Getty Images
Chris Brown , RB , Texans :
He 's here in the Mendoza section as a guy to keep an eye on , but if you own Slaton , you should think hard about grabbing him .
Because although I do n't think Slaton is in any danger of losing his job , it 's worth noting that while Slaton struggled again on the road at Tennessee , Brown had 25 yards on eight carries .
Great ?
Not at all .
But better than 34 yards on 17 attempts , which is what Slaton put up .
Other random notes : Clearly , if McNabb is to miss any more time , Kolb can put up numbers .
... Like all the Browns , Robert Royal performed poorly in Week 2 , but he scored in Week 1 , and more often than not , Brady Quinn will be looking for a dump - off guy .
... With Troy Williamson gone for the season , the six catches for 106 yards and a score of Mike Sims - Walker appear more interesting .
...
Same goes for his teammate , tight end Marcedes Lewis ( 3 for 62 and a touchdown in Week 1 ) .
...
And among defenses , the Redskins will play Detroit this week , and if you are looking ahead , the Bengals ' defense / special - teams unit has put up seven points in two straight weeks and will play the Browns in Week 4 .
I 'm not buying it
Here are some Week 2 stars whom I am not buying based on the fact that I do n't feel they 'll continue to get the opportunity or because of the circumstances in their Week 2 games : Jason Avant , Jacoby Jones , Kelley Washington , Jason Snelling , Dante Rosario , Jerramy Stevens , Maurice Stovall and Matt Spaeth .
Welcome to Dumpsville , population : you
Truthfully , there are few guys I love this week more than currently rostered players .
But I definitely like this week 's pickups more than these guys .
Here are some guys you can cut to make room for the pickups ( along with their current ownership percentages ) :
Jason Campbell ( 22 percent ) ; Brady Quinn ( 11 percent ) ; Jerious Norwood ( 53 percent ) ; Earnest Graham ( 31 percent ) ; Rashard Mendenhall ( 47 percent ) ; Sammy Morris ( 58 percent ) ; Le'Ron McClain ( 85 percent ) ; Anthony Gonzalez ( 87 percent ) ; Patrick Crayton ( 89 percent ) ; Ted Ginn Jr. ( 87 percent ) ; Bobby Engram ( 61 percent ) ; Josh Morgan ( 84 percent ) ; Kevin Curtis ( 47 percent ) ; Chris Chambers ( 57 percent ) ; Ben Watson ( 22 percent ) ; Bo Scaife ( 16 percent ) ; New England D/ST ( 46 percent ) ; Carolina D/ST ( 68 percent ) .
So , for those of you sitting at 0 - 2 , hang tough .
As Thomas Paine wrote , " By perseverance and fortitude we have have the prospect of a glorious issue ; by cowardice and submission , the sad choice of a variety of evils . "
Now come on .
You can't tell me he 's not talking about fantasy football .
Matthew Berry -- The Talented Mr. Roto -- ca n't believe Jordan won " Big Brother . "
He is also the creator of RotoPass.com , a Web site that combines a bunch of well - known fantasy sites , including ESPN Insider , for one low price .
Use promo code ESPN for 10 percent off .
Cyberstalk the TMR | Be his Cyberfriend
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Japan has come out of recession after its economy grew by 0.9 % in the April - to - June quarter .
The growth comes after four consecutive quarters of contraction .
Correspondents say the rise is due to a huge government stimulus package and it is unclear whether the momentum will be sustained when this is concluded .
Recent figures show other economies coming out of recession , including Germany , France and Hong Kong , a sign the global slowdown is easing .
Despite Japan exiting recession , the country 's main share index , the Nikkei , fell back as the rate of growth was not as large as analysts had hoped .
If Japan 's latest quarterly rate were maintained for a full year , the economy would grow 3.7 % , but this was less than market expectations of 3.9 % .
The Nikkei ended down 329 points or 3.1 % to 10,269 .
' Positive contribution '
Any boost to Japan is also a boost to its major partners .
But that does not mean the nascent economic recoveries in Europe and Japan are the same
Does Japan offer hope to other economies around the world ?
Japan officially fell into recession last year and there was a dramatic fall in growth in the January - March period as the world economic slowdown hit Japanese exports hard .
Government stimulus measures totalling $ 260 bn ( £ 159 bn ) helped to boost the economy , including cash handouts and subsidies to buy energy - efficient cars and home appliances , the BBC 's Roland Buerk in Tokyo says .
Manufacturers also benefited from recovering demand in China and other markets , with overall exports up 6.3 % during the quarter .
But Japan could still face a long road to sustainable recovery , our correspondent says , with domestic private consumption rising only 0.8 % despite the stimulus measures .
Seijiro Takeshita , director of Mizuho Financial , Japan 's second largest banking group , told the BBC that the Japanese economy was now staging a " true comeback " .
" We are definitely getting out of the excessive pessimism that we have been seeing ... however , a lot of big questions remain , namely private consumption , " he said .
" We know this time it was good , but that was due to a lot of government stimulus spending . "
European recovery ANALYSIS Mariko
Oi , reporter , BBC Asia Business Report Appetite for Japanese cars is slowly recovering around the world , thanks to government schemes to encourage people to replace their old vehicles .
Overall Japanese exports grew 6.3 % in the second quarter from the previous three months .
That 's reduced stockpiles of goods , and encouraged firms to start producing again .
Consumers are also starting to spend thanks to the stimulus package worth $ 260 bn .
But people are still losing jobs .
The unemployment rate continues to rise , and is expected to hit a record 5.8 % next year .
That is why analysts say it will be a long road to a sustained recovery .
Japan still gloomy despite growth Recession ends but markets fall Japan is heavily reliant on its exports .
The slowdown in the US has hit it hard as American consumers have limited their spending .
In a recent Bank of Japan report , the central bank underlined its cautious view of the economy .
While it said conditions in the Japanese economy had stopped worsening , it warned that unemployment would stay high and consumer spending low .
Last month , the bank forecast that Japan 's economy would shrink by 3.4 % in the 12 months to 31 March 2010 .
The French and German economies both grew by 0.3 % between April and June , bringing to an end recessions in Europe 's largest economies that have lasted a year .
Analysts had not expected the data , suggesting recovery could be faster than previously expected .
And Hong Kong recorded growth of 3.3 % in the three months from April to June .
That data was also better than had been expected , with the government subsequently increasing its forecast for growth in the whole year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Taking on String Theory ’s 10 - D Universe with 8 - D Math
A bizarre set of of 8 - dimensional numbers could explain how to handle string - theory ’s extra dimensions , why elementary particles come in families of three — and maybe even how spacetime emerges in 4 - dimensions .
by Anil Ananthaswamy
BALANCING FAMILY AND PHYSICS
Tevian Dray ( far left ) and Corinne Manogue ( far right )
It ’s typically loud and
frustrating .
At the dinner
table , most often .
- Corinne Manogue on working with Dray
Strange Brood
SPOT THE QUARK
The geometric structure F 4 , pictured here , could one
day help us visualize how the eight - dimensional
octonions describe quarks in our 4 - D world .
If this octonion stuff
is right , it tells you
uniquely what to do with
the extra-dimensions and
how to handle them .
- Tevian Dray
Collapsing Dimensions
This may suggest that
spacetime is n’t a fundamental
property of the universe ,
but only emerges in its four -
dimensional description .
Comment on this Article
Please read the important Introduction that governs your participation in this community .
Inappropriate language will not be tolerated and posts containing such language will be deleted .
Otherwise , this is a free speech Forum and all are welcome !
Please enter the text of your post , then click the " Submit New Post " button below .
You may also optionally add file attachments below before submitting your edits .
HTML tags are not permitted in posts , and will automatically be stripped out .
Links to other web sites are permitted .
For instructions on how to add links , please read the link help page .
You may use superscript ( 10 100 ) and subscript ( A 2 ) using [ sup ] ...[ / sup ] and [ sub ] ...[ / sub ] tags .
You may use bold ( important ) and italics ( emphasize ) using [ b ] ...[ /b] and [ i ] ... [ /i ] tags .
You may also include LateX equations into your post .
Insert LaTeX Equation [ hide ]
LaTeX equations may be displayed in FQXi Forum posts by including them within [ equation ] ... [ / equation ] tags .
You may type your equation directly into your post , or use the LaTeX Equation Preview feature below to see how your equation will render ( this is recommended ) .
For more help on LaTeX , please see the
LaTeX Equation Preview
preview equation
clear equation
insert equation into post at cursor
LaTeX equations may be displayed in FQXi Forum posts by including them within [ equation ] ... [ / equation ] tags .
You may type your equation directly into your post , or use the LaTeX Equation Preview feature below to see how your equation will render ( this is recommended ) .
For more help on LaTeX , please see the LaTeX Project Home Page
Your name : ( optional )
Post Text Preview [ hide ]
Add / Edit Attachments Attachments [ hide ]
You may optionally attach up to two documents to your post .
To add an attachment , use the following feature to browse your computer and select the file to attach .
The maximum file size for attachments is 1MB .
Add attachment # 1 :
Add attachment # 2 :
Once you 're done adding file attachments , click the " Submit New Post " button to add your post .
Recent Comments
STEVE wrote on February 26 , 2015
2^0 = Q ( Real ) , 2^1 = C( Complex ) I , 2^2 = H( quaternions ) IJK , 2^3 = O ( octonions )
Is there a next level ?
2^4 = Hextonian ? 16 dimensions ?
ijklmnopqrstuvw
15 - Point Projective Space ?
http://demonstrations.wolfram.com/15PointProjectiveSpace/
BASHIR YUSUF wrote on December 14 , 2010
dimensions and the shape seems to be a key of understanding of the natures fundamentals
BASHIR YUSUF wrote on December 13 , 2010
The core Idea we postulate it is that the nature has same fundamentals .
In this scientific article we
will explore the broad area in physical science in different aspect and compare to existing known
scientific theories .
There are no remarkable contradictions with accepted theories , instead
integrates and interprets to a better Unified theory .
Gravity is the basic interaction and the Photon is the ultimate elementary particle that every
thing is made of .
Sphere ...
read all article comments
Ask Tevian Dray and Corinne Manogue what it is like to be a married couple working towards a unified theory of fundamental particles and they ’ll tell you to ask their children .
" They have been known to complain about the dinner - table conversation , " says Dray .
Manogue puts it in context : " Tevian is very much the mathematician and I ’m very much the physicist .
I have a tendency to see the physics that we are striving for , but through a glass , darkly , " she says .
" I have some sense of where we want to go , but it is cloudy , and kind of befuddled .
The first thing that happens is I say , ’we want to do this . ’
His reaction is , ’ I have no idea what you are saying . ’
And so we go through a very tumultuous period , where he is trying to get me to articulate clearly enough what I mean so that he can do the mathematics .
It ’s typically a loud and frustrating time .
At the dinner table , most often .
" Together Dray and Manogue are trying to tackle a profound question in physics :
Why is our universe described so well by the standard model of particle physics ?
The standard model works in four dimensions — three of space and one of time — and has been extremely successful at explaining how elementary particles interact with each other .
And yet there are vagaries that the standard model can’t make sense of , such as why these particles have the masses that they do , or why they group together in families of three with similar properties , but different masses .
Dray and Manogue , who are both at Oregon State University in Corvallis , are convinced that the answer lies in the mathematics of higher dimensions — no less than 10 dimensions , in fact .
If the idea that the universe contains 10 dimensions sounds familiar , it ’s because it ’s often bandied about by string theorists .
In the mid-1980s , superstring theory was going through a revolution .
Physicists had developed equations to describe fundamental particles as strings vibrating in 10 dimensions .
But these equations were extremely difficult to solve .
At the time , Manogue was working with David Fairlie of Durham University in the UK , and together they realized that a bizarre system of numbers , called the , could come to the rescue .
Octonions are a strange brood , forming an eight - dimensional number system ( see sidebar : " The Crazy Old Uncle of Algebra . " ) .
By contrast , the lovable real numbers that we ’re all comfortable with live in one dimension — that is , they can be written out along a one - dimensional number line ; while the complex numbers that some of the more mathematically - inclined dabble with , make up a two - dimensional number system .
In the standard model , particles can be split into , which make up matter , and , which are associated with the fundamental forces of nature .
Fairlie discovered that octonions are handy for writing out the equations for how bosons move .
Working with Fairlie and with Anthony Sudbury of the University of York , UK , Manogue later discovered that the very same octonions could also be used to describe the behavior of fermions .
Using octonions , Manogue and Dray can now describe the electrons and their cousins , theandparticles , and also thein 10 dimensions .
It ’s a fantastic achievement , but Dray emphasizes that there ’s still a long way to go .
" What we can not do in our language at all is have them do anything other than sit there , " says Dray .
" If I stand up in front of a physics audience and say , ’here ’s my electron , and by the way , I do n’t yet even know how it interacts with electric fields , ’ I ’ll get laughed at .
" That ’s exactly the objection that Fairlie raises about the work .
" There is no answer to questions of particle interactions , " he says .
He points out that the peculiar mathematics of octonions introduces new problems .
In particular , octonions are see sidebar ) .
However , all known physical processes are associative , so using octonions to characterise particle interactions will be tricky , Fairlie says .
Despite this stumbling block , Manogue and Dray continue to plug away .
They have used their octonions to encode the momentum and spin properties of these particles , explain why neutrinos are " left - handed " ( that is , why the neutrinos ’ spins are always oriented in one particular sense relative to the direction in which they move and never in the opposite sense ) , and even provide clues to why the particles cluster into families of three .
These properties seem to be inherent in the language of octonions .
" Dray and Manogue are among the few really good physicists who think hard about the octonions and what they might mean for physics , " says John Baez , a mathematical physicist at the University of California , Riverside .
" As far as I ’m concerned , these questions remain mysteries .
But Dray and Manogue have found some tantalizing clues .
" The next step — using a $ 51,393 grant from FQXi — is to try to use octonions to identify quarks and also to figure out how particles get their charge .
" At that stage we might be able to make some experimentally verifiable predictions , like there is no Higgs , " says Manogue .
Their ultimate goal is to show that the standard model is just a natural consequence of describing the fundamental particles in 10 dimensions .
It if works , octonions could also help solve one of the biggest puzzles facing string theorists :
How their hypothetical six extra dimensions of space are folded up so that we only experience four - dimensions in our universe .
Currently , string theorists have an infinity of possibilities for how this folding might happen .
But Manogue and Dray have discovered that choosing one particular octonion to focus on from their arsenal , while neglecting the rest , " collapses " the 10 dimensions down to four dimensions , in a simple way .
Interestingly , it does n’t matter which octonion you choose , you always end up with a working four - dimensional universe .
" If this octonionic stuff is right , it tells you uniquely what to do with the extra dimensions and how to handle them , " says Manogue .
Octonions may also be hinting at another deep truth about the structure of the universe .
In 10 dimensions , octonions can be used to describe a particle ’s momentum , but not its position .
But after the description is collapsed down from 10 to four dimensions , particles can be described in both ways .
This may suggest that spacetime is n’t a fundamental property of the universe , but only emerges in its four - dimensional description .
" That would be incredibly profound , I think , " says Manogue .
Best Blueberry Scones with Lemon Glaze
I ’ve never been a fan of scones until I met Kathy , the owner of a cooking school that I used to teach at .
One afternoon , I walked in with my arms full of ingredients to prepare for a cooking class that I was teaching later that evening .
Just as I was putting ingredients in the refrigerator , Kathy handed me a blueberry scone that just came out of the oven .
I almost did n’t try it , because the scones I knew were dry , dense , flavor - less and so hard you could use it as pumice stone .
And I ’m so not kidding .
I stood there in the studio kitchen , wondering where I could hide this scone without Kathy noticing , and then she looked at me and hollered , “ Try it !
The blueberry scone is still warm from the oven ! ”
Well , dang it .
If I threw the scone out at that moment , she ’d notice for sure .
In fact , even if I was sly and just dropped the blueberry scone in the trash can , it would probably have clunked so loudly like a rock that she ’s sure to hear .
I grabbed a big glass of water as my chaser and broke into it with my hands .
Soft. Moist .
Warm .
Blueberry Scone .
Then I took a bit .
Ohhhhhh …. moist , rich , delicate .
The moist , rich and delicate qualities has everything to do with mixing the scones by hand with a wooden spoon , which prevents you from over working the dough .
Oh , yeah , and maybe a little teeny tiny bit to do with the butter and sour cream in the recipe too .
One more thing , I ’m going to confess that the original name for the lemon glaze is really lemon curd .
But I have an unnatural phobia to the word “ curd . ”
It just does n’t sound appealing and if you try to feed my kids anything with the word “ CURD ” in it , there ’s a 99 % chance that they ’ll fling it back in your face .
Betty Crocker Test Kitchens made my recipe and created a how - to video .
By Paul Bedard , Washington Whispers
While they still believe Congress will not succeed in passing a healthcare reform package shaped the way the president and Democrats want , opponents of government - run healthcare are laying the groundwork for lawsuits to stall and eventually kill any Democratic legislative victory — just in case .
A broad group of conservatives has begun to explore how to file such lawsuits , who would file them , and what components of the legislation would be challenged , if not all of it .
Because the effort is in the initial stages , none of those involved would allow Washington Whispers to identify them .
The first task , the conservatives say , is to find people or groups " with standing " to file the suits .
They do n't expect , however , that identifying groups or employers will be difficult if the mandate to require people to buy health insurance ends up in the final bill .
Most of the conservatives involved say that the mandate amounts to a tax and that it will be fought on constitutional grounds .
Also , the lawsuits wo n't be filed just in federal court in Washington .
Sources say the suits will also be filed in most states and in as many courts as possible to avoid putting all eggs " in just a few baskets . "
Check out our gallery of Whispers political caricatures .
An semi-armless teenager who acted as getaway driver on a jewellery heist , driving at 100 mph during a police pursuit " despite needing somebody to change the gears for him " , has escaped jail , the Telegraph reports .
John Smith , 18 - who has no arms below the elbow - was in charge of a Ford Focus during the robbery of Ernest Jones in Hempstead Valley shopping centre near Rainham , Kent , on 17 December last year .
At 2 am , the three other members of the gang smashed the shop window with a claw hammer and made off with £ 174,445 worth of jewellery .
Cue a high - speed chase along the A2 towards London , until Smith lost control of the car and crashed on the approach to the Blackwall Tunnel .
Despite " heavy damage " to the vehicle , Smith attempted to continue , but a police car forced him against the tunnel wall .
Recorder Charles George QC of Maidstone Crown Court told Smith that " his disability and the fact he did not take part in the raid itself enabled him to suspend the custodial sentence " .
Accordingly , he sentenced Smith to a 12 - month youth custody order , suspended for two years , slapped a six - month electronically - tagged curfew on the teen and ordered him to attend a Probation service " Think First " programme .
Two other partcipants in the heist , who pleaded guilty to burglary , were jailed .
Tyrone Tassell , 21 , from Walthamstow , copped 32 months , " less 224 days already served on remand or under a tagged curfew " .
Sunni Sacco , 19 , address unknown , earned two years in a young offenders ' institution , " less 241 days served on remand or under tagged curfew " .
The third ne'er - do - well , Craig Phillips of Islington , is subject to a two - year supervision order and a six - month electronically - tagged curfew . ®
Bootnote
The reason for Smith 's armlessness is not given .
The Daily Mail says he " cannot dress himself and lives at home with his mother " and clarifies that he is " not thought to have been wearing prosthetic arms during the chase " .
Making his major exhibition debut in London , New York - based tattoo artist Scott Campbell recently opened his latest exhibition , entitled “ Always Almost There ” , at the Lazarides Gallery .
The show featured Campbell ’s signature style in the form of laser etching on multi-layered creations .
“ Always Almost There ” runs through October 30th , 2009 .
Lazarides Gallery
8 Greek Street , Soho
London W1D 4DG
+ 44 ( 0 ) 203 214 0055
Source : Arrested Motion
Some of the most interesting parts of the world are the tiny republics or autonomous regions that exist within other countries , somewhat independent bodies that are able to form a fair amount of domestic policy on their own but never end up showing up on a world map .
Gagauzia is one of these , and most when hearing it for the first time would wonder if it was n't a made up name , like Krakozhia from The Terminal or the Plaid Tongued Devils Klezkavania .
But Gagauzia is a real place , and you can see it somewhere near the centre of this map .
Zoom in a bit , and let 's look at the capital .
It 's called Comrat .
There it is !
It 's part of Moldova .
But you 'd never know it from Google Maps , as no matter how much you zoom in it never shows up ( other republics / autonomous regions of this type show up under Google Maps though , such as Kalmykia , the only Buddhist state in Europe ) .
So we 'll have to use Wikipedia to show exactly where it 's located .
You can see that it 's composed of one main part , and three smaller areas .
So why is there a region inside Moldova called Gagauzia ?
Because it 's a region populated by the Gagauz , a people that speaks a language extremely similar to Turkish .
Unlike other Turkic minorities located in other countries though , the Gagauz are not Muslim but rather Orthodox Christian .
Here 's a video of some of their chants .
The proximity of the language with Turkish can be seen in this video from a Turkish series that visited Gagauzia for this episode .
If you know any Turkish you can check out the Gagauz test Wikipedia .
I find Gagauz to be even more legible than Azeri , used in Azerbaijan ( also closely related to Turkish ) .
In a lot of places it simply looks like Turkish with a few consonants removed :
büük ( Tur. büyük ) - big
topraa ( Tur. toprağı ) - its area / land
or a slightly different word order with the verb coming second in the sentence instead of at the end :
2004 - däkı halk sayımına , Мoldovada yaşêêr 147,5 bin gagauz .
The direct Turkish translation ( though Turkish would use slightly different terminology ) of this would be
2004 ' daki halk sayımına ( göre ) , Moldova ' da 147,5 bin gagauz ( lar ) yaş ıyor .
English : according to the census in 2004 , there are 147.5 thousand Gagauz in Moldova .
You also see a lot of words that look almost the same , like the word hem ( and ) , which means also or both in Turkish .
Gagauz also has the Romanian ț ( sounds like ts ) , and more loanwords from that language , giving words like :
ofițial diller ( official languages ) , which would be resmi diller in Turkish .
Or biblioteka for library instead of the Turkish kütüphane .
Gagauzia only has a population of 150,000 and according to Google News pretty much does n't exist ( 11 hits for Gagauzia compared to 4,589 for Iceland with only twice the population ) , but it still still has a bit of a role to play on the world stage , because :
1 ) There 's always the possibility that Moldova and Romania will find a way to unite some day in the future , and that would bring in 150,000 ( mostly )
Turkish - speaking citizens into the EU , but Orthodox Christians this time .
2 ) The establishment of Gagauzia as an autonomous region came through an extremely peaceful process , compared to the region in the east of Moldova ( Transnistria ) , which achieved a certain independence of its own through a more typical method that we saw last year in Georgia as well : obtain Russian support , declare independence , fight a war and end up with a de facto but not de jure independent republic , and with bad blood between both sides and a frozen conflict as a result .
3 ) Gagauzia also has a lot to teach other countries about territorial integrity and running a state / country : Gagauzia does n't have complete territorial integrity , but this does n't matter when two peoples are n't constantly at war with each other .
When the threat of war does n't enter into the equation it makes it that much easier to sit down , talk and let cooler heads prevail .
For some more posts on Gagauzia , see here .
( CNN ) --
Four teenage boys in Tampa , Florida , were charged as adults Wednesday on allegations of sexually assaulting a 13 - year - old boy .
Lee Louis Myers , 14 , from Tampa , Florida , is one of the defendants in the case .
Charged with four counts each of sexual battery were Randall John Moye , 14 ; Raymond A. Price - Murray , 14 ; Lee Louis Myers , 14 ; and Diamante J. Roberts , 15 .
CNN is naming the defendants because they were charged as adults .
Hillsborough County prosecutors allege the four boys raped the 13 - year - old victim multiple times over two months with a broomstick and hockey stick .
At a bond and arraignment hearing , the defendants appeared before Hillsborough County Judge Wayne Timmerman to hear the counts against them read in court .
Prosecutor Kimberly Hindman described to the court how two defendants held down the victim while the other two defendants violently sodomized him with the sticks .
" The victim screamed and cried , telling them to stop , " Hindman said .
The prosecutor said the victim's screams could be heard outside the boys ' locker room at Walker Middle School , in southern Tampa , where the alleged assaults took place .
Multiple people witnessed the attacks , but no one reported the incidents , including the victim , Hindman said .
Do n't Miss 4 accused of assault in locker room
4 accused of assault in locker room WFLA : Local coverage , video from CNN affiliate
The school began an investigation after a fight that began on the football field and continued until a coach broke it up in the locker room , said the prosecutor .
During the fight , the victim said , " I 'm tired of them getting on me , " Hindman said .
When school officials questioned the defendants , all four admitted in a written statement that they had sexually assaulted the victim .
The defendants " all implicated themselves in a sexual - battery incident , " Hindman said .
The victim did not acknowledge the attacks until questioned .
School officials contacted authorities , who initially charged the four as minors with sexual assault and false imprisonment .
Several students witnessed the incidents over the two months , said the prosecutor , who added that she could not understand why no one reported the attacks .
The victim made a statement in court , telling the judge how his father was angry and his mother could n't stop crying when they heard about the attacks .
Defense attorneys told the judge their clients were good students and had never been in trouble before .
Attorney Tim Taylor , representing Randall Moye , said his client 's family is among the finest in the community .
Taylor presented six character witnesses , including his client 's mother , Jeanne Myers , who said her son wants to attend college .
The prosecutor asked her about her son's written statement about the attacks .
Myers said her son described clowning around in the locker room with a hockey stick .
She added that he told her about holding down the victim for a few seconds .
The victim finished the academic year at home instead of returning to school , authorities said .
The judge set bond for each defendant at $ 15,000 , with ankle monitors for all but one , who has left the area .
The four boys were taken into custody in court and booked into the adult jail .
The judge warned the four to have no contact with one another , the victim or any witnesses in the case .
The defendants could spend up to 120 years in prison if convicted on all four counts .
All About Tampa • Florida • Sexual Offenses
WASHINGTON  People who use marijuana for medical purposes and those who distribute it to them should not face federal prosecution , provided they act according to state law , the Justice Department said Monday in a directive with far - reaching political and legal implications .
In a memorandum to federal prosecutors in the 14 states that make some allowance for the use of marijuana for medical purposes , the department said that it was committed to the “ efficient and rational use ” of its resources and that prosecuting patients and distributors who are in “ clear and unambiguous compliance ” with state laws did not meet that standard .
The new stance was hardly an enthusiastic embrace of medical marijuana , or the laws that allow it in some states , but signaled clearly that the administration thought there were more important priorities for prosecutors .
“ It will not be a priority to use federal resources to prosecute patients with serious illnesses or their caregivers who are complying with state laws on medical marijuana , ” Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said in a statement accompanying the memo , “ but we will not tolerate drug traffickers who hide behind claims of compliance with state law to mask activities that are clearly illegal . ”
Our goal is not to settle your case .
As personal injury lawyers , our goal is to get you the compensation you truly deserve to cover your medical bills , vehicle damages , lost wages and more .
Virginia based Law Firm & Personal Injury Attorneys that do n’t settle for less .
With offices in downtown Norfolk and Newport News , our team of hard - nosed attorneys are tough as nails , and bring decades of smart , fearless legal representation to your case .
Ho scelto Dario Franceschini perché non credo che accresca il credito del PD offrire l’immagine di un partito che rinnova e cambia i propri dirigenti troppo spesso .
Piero Fassino
The situation there is so bad , according to a local lawyer , Uriel Márquez Valerio , that inmates managed to invite a musical group into the prison in 2005 to celebrate the birthday of a drug trafficker , who several weeks later found a way to escape .
In recent weeks , the authorities have managed to catch three of the 53 escapees from May and have thrown 51 prison officials , including the director , into jail while the investigation into collusion in the escape continues .
The prime piece of evidence against the prison employees was the surveillance system they were supposed to use to monitor inmates .
The video , leaked by law enforcement officials and now available on YouTube , recorded the jailbreak in detail .
It was clearly an inside job , one that prompted Interpol to issue an international alert for 11 of the escapees , who were deemed “ a risk to the safety and security of citizens around the world . ”
One of the escapees , Osvaldo García Delgado , a 27 - year - old trafficker with the nickname Vampire , said after he had been re-arrested that the Zetas planned the breakout .
Carefully plotted for weeks , the operation was designed to release some top Zeta commanders .
Scores of lower - level Zetas were taken along as well .
The Vampire told police interrogators that the prisoners were awakened early one morning and told to dress in their best clothes .
He expressed surprise that the guards were doing no guarding that day but instead had become instrumental players in the escape plan .
The men carrying out the escape were dressed in federal police uniforms and drove what appeared to be police vehicles , with lights , sirens and official - looking decals affixed to the sides .
There was a helicopter flying overhead as well , giving the operation the air of legitimacy .
Since drug cartels frequently recruit law enforcement officials as allies , it is never clear in Mexico whether they will in fact enforce the law  or whether they are impostors .
In this case , the authorities later disclosed that the uniforms worn by the gunmen who carried out the escape were either outright fakes or outdated outfits .
The vehicles , which screeched away from the scene with sirens blaring , were not actual police - issue either , the authorities said .
All that said , investigators have not ruled out the possibility that corrupt law enforcement officials helped carry out the operation .
Queensland Police want to send a father of four to jail for up to 20 years on child - abuse charges over a video the Federal Government 's own censors have classified as MA15 +.
Chris Illingworth , 61 , from Maroochydore , was charged late last year with accessing and uploading child - abuse material after he published , on a video - sharing site , a video of a man swinging a baby around like a rag doll .
A scene from the clip and , inset , Chris Illingworth .
Despite having no involvement in the creation of the three - minute clip , he was committed to a trial by jury in the District Court on July 8 .
He faces a maximum penalty of 10 years ' imprisonment for each of the two charges .
Illingworth 's solicitor , Chelsea Emery , of Ryan and Bosccher Lawyers , has said that , if the case goes ahead , every Australian who surfs the net could be vulnerable to police prosecution .
Lambda calculus was developed by Alonzo Church in the 1930s and published in 1941 as The Calculi Of Lambda Conversion .
It became important , along with Turing machines , in the development of computation theory , and is the theoretical basis of all functional programming languages , such as Lisp , Haskell , and ML .
Functions in lambda calculus are very different from those in imperative programming languages ( such as Java and C ) .
In an imperative programming language the evaluation of a function can have side effects , affecting future evaluations of that function or other functions .
In lambda calculus a function does not return a result based on its parameters — instead the function and its parameters are reduced to give an answer , which mathematically is equivalent to the question .
On Aug. 14 , the Japanese news agency Kyodo reported that the missiles were variants of the Soviet - origin Scud B ballistic missile .
Kyodo , quoting a Western source , said the missiles were launched in southwestern Syria in late May .
" North Korea , Syria and Iran have test - fired new short - range ballistic Scud missiles they jointly developed , " Kyodo said .
" But the test in Syria in May resulted in failure . "
Kyodo said one of the missiles veered off - course and landed in the Syrian town of Manbij near the border with Turkey .
The report said more than 20 people were killed and 60 injured .
The second missile was said to have landed near the border with Iraq .
There were no reports of injuries .
The sources said Iran has been financing a missile development program to upgrade the Scud B , with a range of 300 kilometers .
They said the project , believed to have begun in 2007 , was meant to enhance a Scud B variant with a modern guidance system .
Pyongyang was believed to have supplied the engine while Iran and Syria worked to improve the warhead and guidance systems .
The sources said warhead and guidance technology was provided by China and Russia .
But another source said the May test was that of an enhanced model of the Scud D. Scud D , with a range of 700 kilometers , contained a separating warhead .
The sources identified several entities involved in the missile development .
They included North Korea 's Ryonhap - 2 Trading Co. , Syria 's Scientific Studies Research Center and Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps .
Iran has also been financing North Korea 's Taepo Dong intermediate - range missile program , the sources said .
They said Iranian military delegations have attended virtually all of the Taepo Dong tests over the last three years .
The estate of Jack Kirby , co-creator of Marvel comic book heroes like Captain America , The Fantastic Four , X - Men , The Avengers , Iron Man , Hulk , The Silver Surfer and Thor , has sent notices terminating copyright to publishers Marvel and Disney as well as film studios that have made movies and TV shows based on characters he created or co-created including Sony , Universal , Fox and Paramount says Bleeding Cool via Deadline Hollywood Daily .
Notable is that the estate has hired Marc Toberoff to litigate , the man who not that long ago helped “ Superman ” creator Jerry Seigel regain his share of copyright in the characters and their use in comics and other media from DC Comics and Warner Bros .
Pictures .
He also successfully won copyright cases for properties like “ Get Smart , ” “ The Dukes of Hazzard ” and “ The Wild Wild West ” .
If successful , the rights reversion would n’t come into effect until 2014 .
However Marvel / Disney would still own the trademarks meaning a negotiation will quite likely be made well before the deadline for Marvel to continue publishing comics based on his work .
New Haven , Conn . -- A team of Yale University researchers has discovered a " repulsive " light force that can be used to control components on silicon microchips , meaning future nanodevices could be controlled by light rather than electricity .
The team previously discovered an " attractive " force of light and showed how it could be manipulated to move components in semiconducting micro- and nano - electrical systems -- tiny mechanical switches on a chip .
The scientists have now uncovered a complementary repulsive force .
Researchers had theorized the existence of both the attractive and repulsive forces since 2005 , but the latter had remained unproven until now .
The team , led by Hong Tang , assistant professor at Yale 's School of Engineering & Applied Science , reports its findings in the July 13 edition of Nature Photonics 's advanced online publication .
" This completes the picture , " Tang said .
" We 've shown that this is indeed a bipolar light force with both an attractive and repulsive component . "
The attractive and repulsive light forces Tang 's team discovered are separate from the force created by light 's radiation pressure , which pushes against an object as light shines on it .
Instead , they push out or pull in sideways from the direction the light travels .
Previously , the engineers used the attractive force they discovered to move components on the silicon chip in one direction , such as pulling on a nanoscale switch to open it , but were unable to push it in the opposite direction .
Using both forces means they can now have complete control and can manipulate components in both directions .
" We 've demonstrated that these are tunable forces we can engineer , " Tang said .
In order to create the repulsive force , or the " push , " on a silicon chip , the team split a beam of infrared light into two separate beams and forced each one to travel a different length of silicon nanowire , called a waveguide .
As a result , the two light beams became out of phase with one another , creating a repulsive force with an intensity that can be controlled -- the more out of phase the two light beams , the stronger the force .
" We can control how the light beams interact , " said Mo Li , a postdoctoral associate in electrical engineering at Yale and lead author of the paper .
" This is not possible in free space -- it is only possible when light is confined in the nanoscale waveguides that are placed so close to each other on the chip . "
" The light force is intriguing because it works in the opposite way as charged objects , " said Wolfram Pernice , another postdoctoral fellow in Tang 's group .
" Opposite charges attract each other , whereas out - of - phase light beams repel each other in this case . "
These light forces may one day control telecommunications devices that would require far less power but would be much faster than today 's conventional counterparts , Tang said .
An added benefit of using light rather than electricity is that it can be routed through a circuit with almost no interference in signal , and it eliminates the need to lay down large numbers of electrical wires .
###
Funding for the project includes a seed grant from the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency and a Young Faculty Award from the National Science Foundation .
Citation : DOI : 10.1038 / NPHOTON.2009.116
The gefilte fish is dead .
Donate via the donation button on the top left or I 'll shoot this cute panda .
Do n't you love pandas ?
Current Total # of Donations Since 2002 : 1181
Subscribers to date at $ 5 / month : 100 sign - ups ; 91 cancellations ; Total= 9
Supporter subscribers to date at $ 25 / month : 16 sign - ups ; 10 cancellation ; Total= 6
Patron subscribers to date at $ 50 / month : 20 sign - ups ; 13 cancellations ; Total= 7
This page best viewed by you .
Contents © 2001 - 2013
All rights reserved .
Gary Farber .
( The contents of e-mails to this email address of Gary Farber are subject to the possibility of being posted . )
[ digg - reddit - me ] A low - key blogging day today .
Further events complicated my normal week - night blog writing , as my brother was hospitalized yesterday .
He ’s doing fine .
But to some extent , it impressed upon me the reality of some small portion of this health care debate .
To get to my brother ’s room , I had to walk through the hospital – through security measures in the pediatric section , and then further security measures in the Intensive Care Unit of the pediatric section – and then to his room where I saw him , looking wan , but apparently much better than in the morning , with maybe a half - dozen tubes giving him drugs and liquid and food and another half - dozen wires monitoring his oxygen levels and heart beat and who knows what else .
The nurses had to do tests on him every hour .
And as I visited in the evening , I did n’t see the doctors who are figuring out what ’s wrong and directing the treatment .
The whole set - up must be outrageously expensive .
And with my brother lying there , getting better , every cent is worth it .
As a society , we have made a choice to spend some large portion of our wealth on protecting our families , ourselves – on following our natural human instinct to care for those who are not well .
We have made a choice to maximize life at the expense of wealth .
But we must acknowledge that our system has limits .
If my father did n’t have a generous health insurance plan , he could never have afforded for my brother to be treated this way .
The hospital would treat him anyway – and then they would go after my father for everything he had .
About a third of all Americans would be in this position – on the verge of bankruptcy – if an emergency required serious medical attention .
And while hospitals have an ethical obligation to treat anyone who needs treatment , studies have shown that those without sufficient insurance get significantly worse treatment .
When people argue that health care is not a right , they must do so in the face of those who need treatment .
And if you consider health care to be a right , then health insurance must be a necessary responsibility for each citizen .
We do need to reign in increasing health care costs ; we also need to preserve our system ’s willingness to spend .
But what we need most of all is a reasoned debate about what type of system we have and what type of system we want – and it does n’t seem that America is capable of that .
To that , I do n’t know the solution .
Without further ado , here are the must - reads of the week :
1. Disappearing .
Evan Ratcliff explains in Wired the difficulty of disappearing in our modern world – and how even the smallest slip - up can bring the authorities to your door .
It ’s an interesting look at the desire to start over – and how technology today makes it both easier and harder .
2. The Super - Rich .
David Leonhardt and Geraldine Fabrikant examine the implications of the current recession on the super - rich – including John McAfee of McAfee Anti-Virus fame , whose net worth went from $ 100 million to $ 4 million in the downturn .
Not that anyone should feel bad for the guy .
The piece looks at the historical implications of our recent massive inequality and what this downturn ’s implications are for such inequality in the long - term .
The prognosis : the super - rich will stay richer than they were in the 1950s and 1960s , but their relative wealth will decline a bit .
3. Harry Potter and theological libraries .
Michael Paulson in the Boston Globe explains how Harry Potter is becoming a serious subject of theological debate :
[ S] cholars of religion have begun developing a more nuanced take on the Potter phenomenon , with some arguing that the wildly popular series of books and films contains positive ethical messages and a narrative arc that is worthy of serious scholarly examination and even theological reflection .
The scholars are primarily interested in what the books have to say about the two big issues that always preoccupy people of faith – morality and mortality – but some are also interested in what the series has to say about tolerance ( Harry and friends are notably open to people and creatures who differ from them ) and bullying , the nature and presence of evil in society , and the existence of the supernatural .
Scholarly interest in the Harry Potter books began long before the series was finished , and shows no signs of slowing .
There have been several academic books , with titles such as “ The Ivory Tower and Harry Potter : Perspectives on a Literary Phenomenon ” and “ Harry Potter ’s World : Multidisciplinary Critical Perspectives . ”
The American Academy of Religion last fall offered a panel at its annual convention titled “ The Potterian Way of Death : J. K. Rowling ’s Conception of Mortality . ”
And there is a raft of articles in religion journals with titles including “ Looking for God in Harry Potter ” and “ Engaging with the spirituality of Harry Potter , ” as well as the more complex , “ Harry Potter and the baptism of the imagination , ” “ Harry Potter and the problem of evil , ” and the crowd - pleasing “ Harry Potter and theological libraries . ”
4. Fighting for the Public Option .
Ezra Klein makes a persuasive argument against simply giving up on the public option , but he still comes down on the side of those willing to give it up :
For all that , it ’s one thing to fight for an uncertain , but promising , policy experiment .
It ’s another thing to sacrifice health - care reform on its altar .
In July , Families USA released a paper explaining “ 10 Reasons to Support Heath - Care Reform . ”
The public plan is one of the reasons .
But only one of them .
And it ’s not even the most convincing .
5. Crazy is a Preexisting Condition .
Rick Perlstein , author of Nixonland , has an editorial in the Washington Post examining the “ crazy ” that he sees as an essentially American part of the political process .
Read the whole piece :
So the birthers , the anti-tax tea- partiers , the town hall hecklers — these are “ either ” the genuine grass roots or evil conspirators staging scenes for YouTube ?
The quiver on the lips of the man pushing the wheelchair , the crazed risk of carrying a pistol around a president — too heartfelt to be an act .
The lockstep strangeness of the mad lies on the protesters ’ signs — too uniform to be spontaneous .
They are both .
If you do n’t understand that any moment of genuine political change always produces both , you ca n’t understand America , where the crazy tree blooms in every moment of liberal ascendancy , and where elites exploit the crazy for their own narrow interests .
6. Watching an Abortion .
Sarah Kliff for Newsweek , who is pro-choice , watched her first abortion and reported on her feelings .
Rather moving and honest .
A welcome inclusion into our fraught debate .
[ Image by me . ]
Like Loading ...
The Obama Administration may think its decision to cold shoulder the Dalai Lama on the Tibetan leader 's upcoming trip to Washington is smart politics .
But if the leader of the free world does n't stand up for religious freedom , who will ?
The news broke earlier this week when an Obama aide told the Tibetans that the President wants to meet Chinese leaders before he meets the Dalai Lama .
This is par for the course for an Administration that gave only lackluster support to Iran 's democrats and has made ...
" It 's almost Armageddon if the Japanese and Chinese do n't buy our debt , ” Robertson said in an interview .
" I do n't know where we could get the money .
I think we 've let ourselves get in a terrible situation and I think we ought to try and get out of it . "
Robertson said inflation is a big risk if foreign countries were to stop buying bonds .
“ If the Chinese and Japanese stop buying our bonds , we could easily see [ inflation ] go to 15 to 20 percent , ” he said .
“ It 's not a question of the economy .
It 's a question of who will lend us the money if they do n't .
Imagine us getting ourselves in a situation where we 're totally dependent on those two countries .
It 's crazy . ”
Watch the Interview With Julian Robertson ( Pt. 2 )
Slideshow : The Biggest Holders of US Government Debt
Robertson said while he does n’t think the Chinese will stop buying US bonds , the Japanese may eventually be forced to sell some of their long - term bonds .
Utility withdraws from the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity , the troubled coal industry group
Duke Energy , the North Carolina - based electric utility announced on Wednesday it would be leaving the clean coal lobbying group , the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity ( ACCCE ) , over differences with the organization ’s opposition to clean energy and climate legislation being considered by Congress .
[ social_buttons ]
Officials from Duke Energy said that “ While some individual members of ACCCE are working to pass climate change legislation , we believe ACCCE is constrained by influential member companies who will not support passing climate change legislation in 2009 or 2010 . ”
Duke said that ACCCE ’s position is not consistent with Duke Energy ’s work to pass economy - wide and cost effective climate change legislation as soon as possible .
“ As the debate evolved , it became clear that there were some influential members who would never support climate legislation no matter what , ” Duke spokesman Tom Williams told the press this morning .
ACCCE is no stranger to controversy .
From its vague and misleading television commercials and Christmas carol - singing lumps of coal , to its failed attempts at astroturfing with fraudulent phone calls and forged letters , the group seems to have a strategy of do everything at any and all costs to scare the public and muddy the science and reality of so - called “ clean coal . ”
“ It is clear that ACCCE does not have the best interests of the American public at heart , ” said Bruce Nilles , Director of the Sierra Club ’s Beyond Coal Campaign , in a statement released today .
Nilles said that ACCCE ’s only goal is to preserve the status quo for coal , and that they ’ll do whatever it takes to do so .
“ The defection of Duke Energy is a clear sign that this front group has gone too far — even for energy companies like Duke that are heavily invested in coal and are attempting to build even more polluting coal plants , ” said Nilles .
In May , Duke also left the National Association of Manufacturers ( NAM ) for differences it had with the group ’s climate and energy agenda .
Duke Energy owns and operates 36,000 megawatts of base - load and peak generation that it distributes to its 4 million customers .
Image via NIOSH under a Creative Commons License
About 18 months ago Doug Ellison from UnmannedSpaceflight.com created a flyover of the Columbia Hills on Mars using data from the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter and Spirit , the Mars rover .
He ’s now done a 2.0 version to mark Spirit ’s recent birthday — she ’s been on Mars for 3 Martian years .
Ellison made the skies a little hazier to mark the moderate dust storm that occurred recently and put Spirit in her current predicament , stuck in the sandy soil near Home Plate .
Additionally , he added music and an intro credit page to avoid it being badly credited , ( which happened when it was posted on Astronomy Picture of the Day in May of 2008 ) as well as a map at the end to show where Spirit has been all this time .
If you saw the first version , this one is even better .
If you have n’t seen it before , prepare to be amazed .
Not to leave out Opportunity , below you ’ll find some incredible drive mosaics put together by James Canvin , also from UnmannedSpaceflight.com .
Oppy is putting the pedal to the metal to reach Endeavour Crater and is covering a lot of territory these days .
[ / caption ]
This looks like a very interesting location , with rocks and scarps and all sorts of interesting stuff littering the dunes .
James told me this mosaic was created with three different images and colorized by using R21 filters ( red & blue then with artifical green made by mixing the two ) .
Canvin told me that the crater near the center - left , off in the distance , is Nautilus .
The rocks in the near - field are the surroundings to Nereus crater to which is Oppy was right next to and is out of frame to the left .
The rover has already driven in the direction of the center of the image ( this is a ‘ drive direction ’ mosaic after all ! ) , and a much larger mosaic of this is still being downlinked from the rover , which should be even more spectacular .
Sources : Doug Ellison , Martian Vistas
A lot of conservative Democrats , not to mention Republicans , express two big concerns about health reform .
They 're worried that reform will cost too much .
And they do n't want a government - run insurance plan .
It 's about to get a lot harder to make those two arguments simultaneously .
According to a pair of Capitol Hill sources , preliminary estimates from the Congressional Budget Office suggest that a strong public option -- the kind that the House of Representatives is putting in its reform bill -- should net somewhere in the neighborhood of $ 150 billion in savings over ten years .
The sources cautioned that these were only the preliminary estimates , based on previous discussions -- that CBO had not yet issued final scoring on language in the actual bill .
But the sources felt the final estimate would likely be close .
Exactly how the plan produces those savings is , obviously , a key question .
The reason -- well , a reason -- centrists and conservatives do n't like a public plan is that they fear it will use the government 's bargaining leverage to force doctors , hospitals , and drugmakers to accept unfairly low reimbursements .
Private insurance would go out of business , since they could n't compete ; meanwhile , providers and producers of medical care would struggle to stay afloat .
Passive smoke raises heart risk
Bans on smoking in public places have had a bigger impact on preventing heart attacks than ever expected , data shows .
Smoking bans cut the number of heart attacks in Europe and North America by up to a third , two studies report .
This " heart gain " is far greater than both originally anticipated and the 10 % figure recently quoted by England 's Department of Health .
The studies appear in two leading journals - Circulation and the Journal of the American College of Cardiology .
Heart attacks in the UK alone affect an estimated 275,000 people and kill 146,000 each year .
Big impact Earlier this month it was announced that heart attack rates fell by about 10 % in England in the year after the ban on smoking in public places was introduced in July 2007 - which is more than originally anticipated .
But the latest work , based on the results of numerous different studies collectively involving millions of people , indicated that smoking bans have reduced heart attack rates by as much as 26 % per year .
If you are a smoker , the single biggest thing you can do to avoid a heart attack is to give up , which could also protect the heart health of friends and family
Ellen Mason of the British Heart Foundation Second - hand smoke is thought to increase the chances of a heart attack by making the blood more prone to clotting , reducing levels of beneficial " good " cholesterol , and raising the risk of dangerous heart rhythms .
Dr James Lightwood , of the University of California at San Francisco , led the Circulation study that pooled together 13 separate analyses .
His team found that heart attack rates across Europe and North America started to drop immediately following implementation of anti-smoking laws , reaching 17 % after one year , then continuing to decline over time , with a 36 % drop three years after enacting the restrictions .
Dr Lightwood said : " While we obviously wo n't bring heart attack rates to zero , these findings give us evidence that in the short - to - medium - term , smoking bans will prevent a lot of heart attacks .
" This study adds to the already strong evidence that second - hand smoke causes heart attacks , and that passing 100 % smoke - free laws in all workplaces and public places is something we can do to protect the public . "
Ellen Mason , of the British Heart Foundation , said : " These studies add to the growing evidence that a ban on smoking in public places seems to have a positive impact on heart attack rates , which is clearly good news for our nation 's heart health .
" The statistics also show how quickly the benefits can be felt after a smoking ban is implemented and indicate how dangerous second - hand smoke can be to the heart .
" If you are a smoker , the single biggest thing you can do to avoid a heart attack is to give up , which could also protect the heart health of friends and family . "
Latest figures show at least 70,000 lives have been saved by NHS Stop Smoking Services in the 10 years since they were established in England .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A new understanding of how anesthesia and anesthesia - like states are controlled in the brain opens the door to possible new future treatments of various states of loss of consciousness , such as reversible coma , according to Hebrew University of Jerusalem scientists .
In an article published in the Journal of Neuroscience , the scientists , Marshall Devor , the Cecile and Seymour Alpert Professor of Pain Research , graduate student Ruth Abulafia and research associate Dr. Vladimir Zalkind describe their discovery of an area of the brain that participates in the control of " alert status . "
Loss of response to painful stimuli and loss of consciousness are the most striking characteristics of surgical anesthesia and anesthesia - like states , such as concussion , reversible coma , and syncope ( fainting ) .
These states also exhibit behavioral suppression , loss of muscle tone , a shift to the sleep - like " delta - wave " EEG pattern , and depressed brain metabolism .
It has been widely presumed that this constellation of dramatic functional changes reflects widely distributed suppression of neuronal activity in the brain due to dispersed drug action , or to global oxygen or nutrient starvation .
However , new results revealed by the Hebrew University scientists suggest a radically different architecture -- that a small group of neurons near the base of the brain , in the mesopontine tegmentum , has executive control over the alert status of the entire cerebrum and spinal cord , and can generate loss of pain sensation , postural collapse and loss of consciousness through specific neural circuitry .
This conclusion derives from the observation that microinjection of tiny quantities of certain anesthetic drugs into this newly discovered " center of consciousness " in laboratory rats induced a profound suppressive effect on the activity of the cerebral cortex .
It is not certain that these results will translate reliably from rats to man .
But if they do , there are at least two implications of considerable interest .
First , this knowledge could contribute to the ability of medical science to treat disorders of consciousness and its loss , such as insomnia , excessive sleepiness and even coma .
Perhaps by direct electrical stimulation of the cells in question , it might prove possible to arouse a patient from coma .
Second , the discovery of a specific cluster of neurons that control the brain 's state of consciousness can be expected to lead to the beginnings of an understanding of the actual wiring diagram that permits a biological machine , the brain , to be conscious .
Human and Robots : Visions of the Future
The future is not written yet and who knows whether robots are dangerous or not .
What is for sure is that humans , being the curious beings , will develop new advanced generations of robots .
It happens so that people and robots go together in this life side by side , in some spheres of life they are even interchangeable and who knows into what this opposition “ Human and Robots ” will translate .
Robots and humans that live and prosper together …
Or robots will realize they do n’t need that much …
For now it is up to out fantasy to express what we think will happen in human - robot relations in the future .
This is a collection of 3d computer generated images of various creative 3d artists that shows their vision .
The level of detail of these computer graphics shows that our technology will lead us to the point where these fantastic photographs will be the reality .
Personal Robot 04 , Author : Franz Steiner ( software : 3ds max )
Who will win in this game of chess ?
When there is the opposition of the mechanical creature and the human intellect it is not easy to predict the outcome of the game .
You can make books , but you will never be sure about the results , they are unpredictable .
Personal Robot 08 , Author : Franz Steiner ( software : 3ds max )
In the process of the humming work robots can be of a great use for people .
With them less time would be spend for the most complicated tasks and the crunch times would take place not so often .
The only question that is left â€ “ to find such a robot .
Personal Robot 02 , Author : Franz Steiner
I ’m not sure that it is more pleasant to work in the company of robots , but it definitely has certain advantages .
One of the main is the high efficiency of the process of work , furthermore not a lot of time is spent for the idle talks , spreading silly rumors and gossiping .
Personal Robot 06 , Author : Franz Steiner ( software : 3ds max )
This robot looks like a housekeeper who takes care of everything around .
In its duties are household activities and it copes with all the everyday duties without any difficulties in a short time and without procrastinations .
Mecha , Author : tinypants
This robot looks like the one that was made either in correspondence to the model of a human being or using the humanâ€™s corpus as the basis .
A little bit creepy and at the same time intriguing .
Anyway , the excellent model and the great work !
I ’m Robot , Author : Widyantara
Some time ago , when I was a human being I was dreaming about the perennial youth , the thoughts that were so peculiar for every woman .
My dreams turned into life immediately after my passing and I have obtained the desired eternity : now I ’m a robot .
Personal Robot 07 , Author : Franz Steiner ( software : 3ds max )
When you touch gently the lips of your beloved your heart begins to beat speedily , the mind is hazed with pleasant feelings and you fly away .
These minutes can fly not so that you ’d notice , but they are so sweet and inimitable .
Personal Robot 05 , Author : Franz Steiner ( software : 3ds max )
Love is a curious thing , one never knows when it happens so that you will be overtaken with this feeling and who will be the matter of your sleepless nights .
It can be a bonny girl from the next door , a handsome boy from the night - club or even a cyber creature .
Feagler retired as a Plain Dealer columnist in January after more than 45 years in Cleveland journalism .
On Pearl Harbor night , nearly 70 years ago , my parents bundled me into the car and we drove over to the Yermans ' house .
The Yermans were friends of our family .
Their kid , Franklin , was in the Army .
We did n't know anybody else in the Army .
We sat around the radio and listened to the sketchy news reports of battles in places we had never heard of .
But that was soon to change .
The next day , the president announced that we were at war .
And he meant it .
Because then , when you said war , you were serious .
The kind of war that war was -- we were all in it .
Pretty soon , we knew lots of people who were in the Army .
Some enlisted ; some got drafted .
Things were rationed -- butter , tires , gasoline .
We saved fat in a coffee can .
We did n't know why , but they told us it was for the war effort .
We turned our pots and pans in to the scrap drive .
For the war effort .
Our mothers went out and got jobs , because the guys were trickling off into the Army .
Meat was at a premium .
When my mother went to our family butcher to ask for a little more round steak , he would look at her and say :
" What 's the matter , lady ?
Dontcha know there 's a war on ? "
We knew .
The war had started on 12/7/1941 .
And we knew fairly soon what would end it .
Two red , bloodstained trails on the globe -- one leading to Berlin , the other to Tokyo .
Get there and it will be over .
And the battle cry was , " Remember Pearl Harbor ! "
The war on terrorism , when again we were attacked , started on 9/11/2001 .
It 's a convenient date to remember -- 9/11 -- almost like a mini-market chain .
A lot of us can remember where we were and what we were doing when those planes hit the Twin Towers .
The world stopped .
Then the world started again .
With little change in anybody 's lives .
Except for the relatives of the victims and the soldiers .
For the rest of us , this war has been merely a nuisance .
We do n't save fat , unless it 's trans fat out of a diet book .
The butcher is kind to us .
And so is the electronic gas pump that
fuels our gigantic SUVs or ALTs or whatever they call them .
After Pearl Harbor Day , a lot of us put our cars up on blocks .
We did n't expect to drive again until the red trails hit their targets .
Two more things before I get to the main one .
There are no songs from this war which began at 9/11 .
If there is such a thing as a good war and a bad war , a good war ought to produce good music .
A war with a purpose ought to have people in canteens crooning about how much they miss you and how they are keeping the home fires burning .
The current war -- no , let me correct myself , this ongoing misadventure in Iraq , started by the worst president in modern history , who was a puppet of Dick Cheney , with his five deferments -- does not produce melody .
Perhaps it does n't touch our heartstrings .
I think war ought to be at the top of our minds .
It was in my youth when all my aunts and uncles and my parents hugged goodbye at the train station in the Terminal Tower .
When we walked away from one another , we were betting all we had -- win , lose or draw -- on America .
If we are going to continue to fight these kinds of wars , we all have to have a risk .
There has to be some kind of draft .
Maybe a lottery .
You draw a number , I do n't care if you are in an MBA program at Harvard .
You go !
But , of course , we should n't continue to fight these kinds of wars .
War is our big export item .
We go to Wal - Mart for cheap imports and export our kids to fight other peoples ' wars .
Now our next stop is Afghanistan .
Everybody knows the people who plotted 9/11 are in Pakistan .
So why are we fighting in Afghanistan , a rocky , barren country that has defeated all invaders from Genghis Khan through the Russians ?
Now it 's our turn ?
It is generally conceded we never should have gone to Iraq .
Nobody has answered the question , " What 's our purpose in Afghanistan ? "
How come everyone is watching " American Idol " ?
How come no one is asking , " Dontcha know there 's a war on ? "
The University of Tennessee is at least considering breaking out its orange football jerseys for Saturday 's game at Alabama .
Official word from UT this morning is that a decision has n't been made on the team 's jerseys for Saturday .
But if the Vols are not sure they 're wearing the standard white on Monday , that should tell you something .
I 'll also note that several sources close to the Vols have indicated all along -- and are continuing to say -- that such a move is likely to happen for this Alabama game .
The idea has been mentioned for a while in Knoxville with this game in mind .
The discussion goes back to the NCAA 's recent decision to change a rule that forced teams to wear contrasting home - and - away jerseys .
Tradition in the SEC is that the home team gets to make the distinction ( for instance , LSU always wearing white in Tiger Stadium ) .
But the rule being changed would allow Tennessee -- assuming Alabama agrees -- to renew an old tradition of this series and sport the orange in Bryant - Denny Stadium .
The Knut Hamsun jubilee year came to my attention two months after I moved to Oslo .
I arrived on a warm , sunny day in early October .
A cold drizzle arrived two days later and stayed until early January , when it was replaced by snow .
I had received a fellowship to study Norwegian literature for a year , and I spent the autumn months looking for something to do other than pore over essays on contemporary Norwegian fiction at the National Library , or pour down cup after cup of coffee at Wayne ’s , a Swedish Starbucks knock - off down the street .
In December , I learned of an event at Oslo ’s Literature House : “ The Complicated Legacy , ” a daylong seminar on Knut Hamsun , the great Norwegian novelist whom Isaac Bashevis Singer once called the progenitor of “ the whole modern school of fiction in the twentieth century . ”
At the time , I knew very little about Hamsun — I had read his novel Hunger in college , but that was it — much less what made his legacy so complicated .
I was curious , and the promise of free lunch and coffee further intensified my curiosity .
The seminar , it turned out , was a run-up to the 150th anniversary of Hamsun ’s birth , in 2009 .
To commemorate the occasion , Norway ’s Ministry of Culture had declared a national jubilee year , designated , with characteristic Scandinavian economy , Hamsun 2009 .
Jubilee years are serious affairs in Norway , state sponsored and publicly funded , with budgets in the millions of dollars .
I was late to the seminar , and I slipped quietly into the lecture hall , a room like a large black box theater .
It was surprisingly packed — especially for 10 AM on a Monday .
Did n’t these people have jobs ?
I decided to stand until the speaker , a bald man in a black turtleneck with a white beard , finished his lecture .
I did n’t have to stand long .
He said approximately ten words , something about the intersection of life and art , and then called for questions .
A small , older woman in the front row stood up .
She started to ask a question in Norwegian , tinctured with a heavy German accent , stumbled over a few unintelligible phrases , then abandoned her question in favor of a comment .
Hamsun , she said , “ had Jewish friends . ” I began to see where this was heading .
Hamsun was n’t against Jews personally .
“ It was the idea of Jews he was against . ”
Knut Hamsun burst onto the then thriving Scandinavian literary scene with Hunger , published in 1890 .
A short , spastic novel , Hunger follows an unkempt and unnamed flâneur , a would - be writer who does very little writing as he scrounges and freezes and eventually starves his way through the streets and gutters of Kristiania , Oslo ’s name at the time .
Hunger ’s influence was far - reaching : the novel inspired a young Pasternak ; it led Henry Miller , who called Hamsun “ the Dickens of my generation , ” to start the work that became Tropic of Cancer ; André Breton applauded the book ’s insights and quoted it at length in his Surrealist Manifesto .
As Paul Auster put it , in a 1970 essay , Hunger ‘s gaunt , fin de siècle protagonist , dragging himself along , “ walks straight into the twentieth century . ”
Well into that century , Hamsun remained a literary force in Europe .
In 1920 he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature for his novel Growth of the Soil .
Little read today , the book received significant attention in interbellum Europe .
Hemingway recommended it to Fitzgerald .
Maxim Gorky , in a 1927 letter to Hamsun , called it a “ work of genius , ” adding that “ at this moment you are the greatest artist in Europe . ”
A couple years later Thomas Mann wrote , in his contribution to Hamsun ’s star - studded seventieth - birthday Festschrift , “ Never has the Nobel Prize been awarded to one worthier of it . ”
The novel ’s audience was not restricted to the literati ; it had prominent fans in other sectors too .
In 1943 , Hamsun gave his Nobel medal to one of those fans : Josef Goebbels .
Hamsun wanted to thank the Nazi propaganda minister for the hospitality he had enjoyed during a recent trip to Germany .
Ten years earlier , a 74 - year - old Hamsun had taken to supporting the Nazis in Norwegian newspapers .
When the Nazis invaded Norway in April 1940 , Hamsun urged his countrymen to surrender .
Not long after his meeting with Goebbels , Hamsun paid a visit to Hitler himself .
Two years later , when Hitler committed suicide , Hamsun took the opportunity to compose an unsolicited obituary , which was published in Norway ’s most prominent broadsheet , Aftenposten .
In the obituary , Hamsun mourned the loss of the Führer and praised him as “ a preacher of the gospel of justice for all nations . ”
The Allies liberated Norway the next day .
The stated purpose of Hamsun 2009 , in the stilted , bureaucratic syntax of the jubilee year ’s website , is “ to care for , make visible , and utilize ” Hamsun ’s legacy , “ complicated ” as it may be .
On February 19 , the fifty - seventh anniversary of Hamsun ’s death , I joined several hundred very cold Norwegians in the gray afternoon outside the granite portico of the National Theater in downtown Oslo for the mission statement ’s first enactment .
Hamsun 2009 ’s opening day ceremony was tagged “ Hunger and Soup . ”
Despite a slow start , the ceremony delivered what it promised : street - theater performances of scenes from Hunger and free soup ( cream of broccoli or tomato ) ladled into small paper cups by women in period costume .
When I arrived , the soup was on hand , but the street theater was , for some reason , delayed .
A brass band housed in a gazebo nearby struck up a nineteenth - century marching tune , as if something were about to happen , then cut it short .
Then they did it again .
It started to snow .
Still no street theater .
After several musical false starts , the performers showed up .
The Norwegians and I sloshed through the streets of downtown Oslo , a mess of slush atop a hard layer of ice .
Policemen in bobby cop helmets and trenchcoat blues herded us , like unhappy schoolchildren , from one urban mise en scène to the next .
By the time we had reached the scene in which the protagonist attempts — in vain , of course — to sell “ a short profile of Correggio ” to a newspaper editor , I could feel neither face nor toes , and my shoes were filled with water and crushed bits of ice .
The newspaper scene was set in the capacious lobby of Gyldendal , Norway ’s biggest publishing house , and there I noticed a flyer announcing a lecture by the Hamsun biographer Ingar Sletten Kolloen .
It was starting in five minutes in one of Gyldendal ’s auditoria .
Surely this was a sign .
I was not meant to venture back out into the cold .
Kolloen , whose two - volume , nearly one - thousand page biography of Hamsun , Dreamer & Dissenter , will be published in a condensed English version this fall , turned out to be a large man with a round face and small wire - frame glasses , hinting at an owlish intelligence .
His talk , “ Hamsun and the Capital , ” delivered to a full house , was interesting though unremarkable — that is , until the end .
As Kolloen finished his cheery chronicle of Hamsun ’s love - hate relationship with Oslo , his face darkened .
It was a shame , he said , his voice quivering for effect , that the city council had “ not rewarded the man who did more than anybody else to bring Oslo onto the world scene , just because of a bit of insanity during the war . ”
A frisson of unease ran through the audience .
Apparently everybody but me knew what was coming .
“ Oslo ! ” he enjoined , raising a plump finger in the air .
“ Give Knut Hamsun what he deserves — a street . ”
He paused for a moment — bright owl eyes fixing the audience .
Then he brought his fist down on the podium and with the fervor of a Baptist preacher bellowed “ Hallelujah ! ”
In the eyes of Norwegians , Hamsun ’s betrayal was Judas - like in scope .
Other traitors , like the much - loathed leader of Norway ’s collaborationist government , Vidkun Quisling , or his Gestapo henchman , Henry Oliver Rinnan , were nobodies or , at best , failures before the war .
They were simple opportunists .
Hamsun was different .
He was Norway ’s great voice , the intellectual face of a country short on intellectual renown .
When he stabbed his countrymen in the back , the knife sank in much deeper .
It ’s telling that Vyacheslav Molotov , the Soviet foreign minister , a man not exactly known for his kind and forgiving manner ( “ I have never seen a human being who more perfectly represented the modern conception of a robot ” – Winston Churchill ) , showed more sympathy for Hamsun than did many Norwegians .
When , during a 1944 meeting in Moscow , Molotov suggested that the 85 - year - old novelist should be spared the firing squad after the war , the Norwegian justice minister in exile responded , “ You are too soft , Mr. Molotov . ”
The minister was hardly alone in this opinion .
But Scandinavian cool and PR concerns about executing a Nobel laureate prevailed .
Hamsun lived for seven years after the war in disgrace .
Like his American counterpart Ezra Pound , he was institutionalized , though only briefly , then ordered to pay a fine .
His books came back to him , thrown over the fence of his estate by his disgusted countrymen .
Then , in 1952 , a blind , deaf , hunched nonagenarian , Hamsun died .
As recently as 2003 Norway ’s King Harald stirred up a media frenzy by quoting a few snatches of Hamsun at a palace dinner party .
The lines , from Hamsun ’s unrepentant postwar apologia , On Overgrown Paths , included the maxims “ prosperity is born of progress ” and “ in a hundred years all is forgotten . ”
The remarks occupied the country ’s op - ed pages for weeks .
Did this imply that the king , a member of the war generation , was forgiving Hamsun ?
Kolloen , the Hamsun biographer , describes the novelist ’s legacy well .
Hamsun is Norway ’s gjennferd ( restless ghost ) and its verkesår ( festering wound ) .
The question of renaming a street in Hamsun ’s honor is an old proxy for Norway ’s struggle to come to terms with the man who was at once its greatest novelist and its greatest traitor .
For every prominent Norwegian writer , along with many less - than - prominent Norwegian writers , there ’s a street in Oslo .
( And it ’s literally the writer ’s street ; in Norway , streets take the genitive . )
The single conspicuous absence is Knut Hamsun .
The 2009 jubilee brought the issue renewed immediacy .
Advocates point to the precedent set by the 2006 Ibsen Jubilee .
That celebration culminated in the rechristening of Drammen ’s Road — named for a dull town outside Oslo , best known by the popular epigram “ Better a dram an hour than an hour in Drammen ” — as Henrik Ibsen ’s Street .
Norwegians take the Hamsun ’s Street debate seriously .
This spring , I joined in by asking for thoughts at a family dinner party in an Oslo suburb .
My innocent query set off the closest I ’ve seen to a heated argument among my usually reserved Norwegian relatives :
“ Is n’t it about time we honor Hamsun for his writing ? ” an aunt suggested .
In high Scandinavian style , everybody nodded politely , whether or not they agreed .
Except for my cousin .
“ But he was a Nazi , ” she said , a hint of outrage in her voice .
Another aunt broke in .
“ Yes , but it ’s his writing we want to honor . ”
From another cousin , a riposte : “ And how do we do that without honoring the Nazi ? ”
Eyes narrowed .
Lips tightened .
Before things got out of hand , my grandfather , who was a teenager during the war , mercifully restored decorum .
“ Could somebody pass the potatoes ? ”
In spite of Hamsun ’s status as national “ verkesår , ” and vocal opposition to Hamsun 2009 ’s public funding , the usual argosy of jubilee fare has been deployed .
There ’s a new edition of Hamsun ’s collected works , in twenty - seven volumes , and a commemorative stamp .
There have been stage tributes ( Hamsun - inspired plays ; Hamsun ’s own plays were n’t very good ) , interpretive tributes ( Hamsun ’s poetry as cringe - worthy choir music ) , and operatic tributes ( “ Young Hamsun , ” a love story ) .
At the dramatic reading of an 1891 polemical lecture , by a minor TV actor , I watched no fewer than five audience members in my immediate vicinity don sunglasses and promptly fall asleep .
At the educational event “ Knut Hamsun for Children , ” which promised free soda and pastries , I was politely asked to leave .
I saw this coming .
But I was curious to know if parents would actually bring their children to such an event .
They did .
I attended lectures , delivered by tweed - jacketed professors , with titles like “ Knut Hamsun and Nihilism ” and , in reference to the anti-hero of the early novel Mysteries , “ Nagel as Nazi . ”
Eight years after the war ’s end , Thomas Mann observed that Hamsun ’s fascism “ could surprise none . ”
What seemed in more peaceful times “ an interesting point of view aesthetically speaking ” — from the homespun Nietzscheanism of his early novels to the Blut und Boden philosophy of the later ones — became “ a very political position in 1933 . ”
Following Mann , it grew fashionable among postwar Norwegian academics to scour Hamsun ’s fiction for signs of fascism to come .
The witch - hunt quickly took on the quality of a wild goose chase .
Hamsun 2009 even bankrolled the creation of a Knut Hamsun memorial wine , both a red and a white , thankfully outsourced to the shores of Italy .
None of the Wine Monopoly franchises ( Norway ’s nationalized answer to liquor stores ) in downtown Oslo deigned to stock the wine .
To find it , I had to travel to a branch at a sprawling shopping mall well outside of town .
They only had the white , a Sicilian Grillo , which , at $ 18 , was cheap by Norwegian standards .
I drank it one evening with a friend in a park downtown .
Afterward , a frowning Pakistani man laden with shopping bags full of recyclables came by and collected the empty bottle .
I did n’t have the heart to tell him that this particular bottle , not mass - produced , was n’t refundable .
Hamsun 2009 has managed “ to care for , make visible , and utilize ” the writer ’s legacy , but only in transient ways .
Theater , opera , lectures , stamp , wine : these shuttle Hamsun ’s legacy into the public sphere , but for a limited time and for a limited audience .
Absent from Hamsun 2009 is a memorial as permanent and visible as a street .
The result is a qualified memorial .
We honor Hamsun , it proclaims , but only in part .
There is one permanent memorial .
The country ’s first major Hamsun museum , which looks something like a Bauhaus grain elevator , opened in August .
Not in Oslo though ; on Hamarøy , a rocky , sparsely populated peninsula two hundred miles north of the Arctic Circle , where a teenage Hamsun , who came from a long line of peasant farmers , spent some of the worst years of his life in thrall to a tyrannical uncle .
At the top of the list of potential Oslo memorials for Hamsun 2009 lies Christian Frederik ’s Square , an out - of - the - way wedge of concrete better known to locals as Plata , or the Slab .
Other candidates include downtown boulevards ( honor the man in full ) , minor side streets ( a tacit demotion ) , and , as one newspaper half - jokingly suggested , Knut Hamsun ’s Taxi Stand .
The proposal to rename Christian Frederick ’s Square was quickly voted down when it was brought before the city council last year , but the local neighborhood council , which governs street naming in its district , has since taken up the standard .
Part of what makes Plata so remarkable is just how unremarkable , at first glance , it appears .
There ’s a concrete plaza and a fountain and a lawn with some trees .
Pedestrian traffic is neither especially heavy nor especially light .
There ’s a cafe off to one side , with parasols and outdoor seating .
At this point , you notice the guy lying face down in the grass with his arms splayed , like a man drowned in a swimming pool .
The rest of Plata then comes into focus : the year - round , day - and - night tableau vivant of heroin addiction , a permanent huddle of junkies , spoons balanced over lighters , syringes in arms .
I visited Plata in mid-May .
Articles about the bid to turn Plata into Knut Hamsun ’s Square quoted the familiar sources : politicians , spokespeople .
What , I wondered , did the people who would literally have to live with Hamsun ’s name think ?
I approached a small group of regulars who were n’t shooting up at the moment .
Could I ask them their thoughts on Plata ’s potential renaming ?
“ It has another name already , ” a small man without a shirt , who told me his name was Øystein , said .
He could n’t remember what it was , but he figured that , to his set , it would remain Plata .
And what did they think about naming the square after a traitor ?
A woman with red-rimmed eyes , who , wizened and pockmarked , looked like a thirty - year - old whose skin had aged an additional twenty years , declared that she had read Growth of the Soil once .
“ A fantastic book , ” she said , her head lolling a little .
Would she be okay with Plata being named after its author ?
“ Yes , of course .
It was a fantastic book .
I ’d like that . ”
Øystein did n’t see it that way .
His father , he told me , had been in the resistance .
No Nazi would ever have a street in his city .
What about the idea , popular among Norwegians , of yet again qualifying Hamsun by naming a street after one of his novels or characters ?
( Suggestions include Hunger Square and , despite the “ Nagel as Nazi ” lecture , Nagel ’s Street ) .
What if the neighborhood council decided to call Plata — and here I stumbled ; I did n’t want to say Hunger Square , that seemed too sick —
Nagel ’s Square or something like that ?
Øystein thought about that for a moment .
“ That ’s an interesting idea , ” he said .
A man sitting across from me , whose gaze appeared fixed on something in the middle distance , nodded languorously .
Whether that meant he liked the suggestion was unclear .
Then he nodded off .
“ He ’s fine , ” Øystein said , slapping him on the back .
The man ’s eyes shot open .
Squinting , he took in his surroundings , as if through a fog , then closed his eyes again , smiling .
In mid-June , the Hamsun 2009 festivities moved to Grimstad , a small fishing town in southern Norway that was a hotbed of resistance during World War II .
Hamsun lived there for much of his life — his estate sits just outside of town — and he was tried there after the war .
Earlier this year , Grimstad ’s town council voted — eighteen to seventeen — to christen a Knut Hamsun ’s Square in the center of town .
On June 19 , the square was officially renamed and a new bust of Hamsun unveiled .
Four days later , on a Monday afternoon , a small Nazi flag , affixed to a twig , was found duct - taped to its plinth .
Back in Oslo , the Hamsun ’s Street debate remains unresolved .
I find this useful , because choosing to separate Hamsun ’s life and work would so clearly be a missed opportunity .
The chairman of the Nobel Committee in 1920 praised Hamsun for the unresolved dialectic of his novels , a combination of “ the good and the bad , the beautiful and the ugly . ”
This is precisely what a Knut Hamsun ’s Street in Oslo would remind us of .
Good writing can make us reevaluate our thinking .
Good writing by less - than - good people can make us reevaluate how we reevaluate our thinking .
Unfailingly diplomatic abroad , Norwegians remain surprisingly nationalistic at home .
Rather than confront the ugliness of the past — or of the present for that matter — Norway tends , in Kolloen ’s words , to “ shove it under the rug . ”
Its small resistance movement spawns blockbuster movies ; Norway ’s Home Front Museum barely mentions the 90,000 Norwegians convicted of collaboration .
An op - ed in Aftenposten , the same newspaper that published Hamsun ’s eulogy to Hitler , proposed yet another solution : a Hamsun ’s Street whose sign would read , “ Knut Hamsun : Winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature , 1920 .
Traitor to his Nation , 1940 - 1945 . ”
That ’s not a bad idea .
Countries need their troublesome writers , and they need them intact .
Like a dead virus , a dead writer can serve as excellent inoculation against the dangers of a selective national memory .
If you like this article , please subscribe or donate to support n+1 .
There are , according to the estimate for this month , 6,790,062,216 people in the world .
It 's hard enough to say the number , never mind picture those people .
You could round it up to a less tongue - twisting 6.8 billion , but does that make such a frightening figure any easier to compute ?
When you try , do you see faces , or just more brain - frying strings of digits ?
The sheer vastness of the data we gather in our attempts to understand the world around us has been challenging statisticians since the earliest censuses .
The " size of Wales " approach to number - crunching is popular among headline writers ; but is it helpful , for example , to imagine the global population in terms of 75,445 Wembleys , or , indeed , 2,341 Waleses ?
The numbers are still too big .
It 's the same with the news we read and hear each day .
What does it mean when we 're told that unemployment has risen by 281,000 ?
Is that a huge number ?
Or just a big one ?
The stories are about people , but it is often hard to see beyond the figures .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
So what if , rather than grapple with endless triplets of zeros , we shrank the world , and all the potentially flummoxing data we mine from it , down to a more manageable size ?
What if the world were a truly global village of , say , 100 people ?
What would those faces look like , and who would those people be ?
It 's a question that has piqued the curiosity of several would - be demographers , including , most famously , the late US environmentalist Donella Meadows .
In 1990 , she published The State of the Village Report , which was released as a poster at the 1992 Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro .
At around the same time , a Canadian retired geography teacher called David Smith started work on If the World Were a Village , which was eventually published in 2002 .
Both works conveyed a vivid sense of global perspective .
Smith 's research , for example , revealed that a world village of 100 people would be home to 61 Asians , as well as 16 severely undernourished people - and 189 chickens .
Of course , little Britain barely gets a look - in in that reduction : we are equivalent to just about a single person .
So what would happen if we gave our country ( with a population of 61 million , give or take a Rutland or a West Somerset ) the same treatment ?
If England , Wales , Scotland and Northern Ireland were condensed to a single community of 100 people , what would that community look like ?
To find out , The Independent put pencil to paper , ear to phone and finger to calculator , and trawled acres of spreadsheets and data - sets published by government and other statistical authorities to produce a snapshot of Britain in the 21st century .
Look around you .
Are the people you see representative of the country they call home ?
If not , this is what Britain really looks like .
If Britain were a village of 100 people ...
17 of the 100 villagers would be under the age of 15 , while another 16 would be 65 or over ( three of them 80 or over ) .
There would be 80 adults ( aged 16 or over ) , of whom 40 would be married and 11 would live alone .
There would be 42 households in the village , of which 13 would be home to just one person .
( Six of these would belong to lone pensioners , of whom five would be female . )
Of the 19 villagers aged between 20 and 34 , four would live with their parents .
The village would welcome one new baby this year .
The baby would expect to live for 76 years and six months ( if it was a boy ) , or 81 years and seven months ( if it was a girl ) .
One person would die this year .
Ninety - two of the villagers would be white .
Two would be black , two Indian , one Pakistani , one of mixed race and two would be of other races .
Ten people would have been born outside the village , three of whom would live in London .
Six people would be gay or lesbian ( probably ) .
84 of them would live in England , eight in Scotland , five in Wales and three in Northern Ireland .
Eight people would live in Greater London ( one of them in Croydon ) .
There would be 51 women and girls , and 49 men and boys .
If Britain were a village of 100 people , and its land mass were scaled down by the same proportion as its population , the village would cover an area the size of 99 football pitches .
Fifty - three of these football pitches would be English , 32 Scottish , nine Welsh and five Northern Irish .
Agricultural land would occupy 20 football pitches , on which 54 sheep , 17 cows , eight pigs and 273 chickens would roam .
There would be one farmer .
London would cover just over half a football pitch .
All built - up areas and gardens would occupy the equivalent of six football pitches .
Seventy - two people would identify themselves as Christian ( although only 10 people in the village would go to church regularly ) .
Fifteen people would say that they were not religious , while there would be two Muslims , one Hindu and 10 people who practised other religions .
Each person would generate 495 kg of waste every year .
The village as a whole would generate 163kg of waste every day , of which just 47kg would be put out for recycling .
If Britain were a village of 100 people , 17 of the villagers would smoke , of whom 11 would like to give up .
Nineteen adults and three children would be classified as obese ( that is they would have a Body Mass Index of 30 or greater ) .
Sixteen men and eight women would usually exceed the Government 's daily sensible drinking benchmark ( 3 - 4 units per day for men ; 2 - 3 units a day for women ) .
Eight men and four women would have taken an illicit drug in the past year .
Eight people would have asthma .
Eight adults would be suffering from depression today ( but as many as 20 would suffer from depression at some point in their lifetime ) .
One person would have dementia .
The villagers would have 118 mobile phones between them ( 66 of which would be pay - as - you - go ) .
There would be 55 telephone landlines .
There would be 90 televisions ( an average of more than two per household ) .
Twenty - one villagers would have watched Andy Murray beat Stanislas Wawrinka under floodlights at Wimbledon this year ; 32 people would have watched Susan Boyle lose ' Britain 's Got Talent ' .
Of the 42 households in the village , 32 would have satellite , digital or cable television .
Twenty - seven households would have access to the internet ( 24 of those would have a broadband connection ) .
Thirty people would have a Facebook account .
Sixteen of the villagers would be at school – of whom one would be in private education .
One of the 16 pupils would leave school this year .
Twelve of them would , when the time comes , go into higher education .
Nine of them would achieve five or more GCSE or equivalent passes at grades A *-C .
One person in the village would be illiterate .
There would be one teacher .
Seven people would be in further education .
( In 1990 , there were only four . )
Of the 62 villagers of working age , 45 would have jobs ; nine of them would be in the public sector .
They would earn an average of £ 388 a week ( including part - time workers ) .
Of the 13 villagers of working age who were n't working , four would be unemployed ; three would be looking after family and / or home ; three would be excluded from the workforce by sickness ; two would be students ; and one would have taken early retirement .
The 80 adults in the village would share a personal debt of £ 2.4 m ( £ 30,480 each , on average ) .
Six would be claiming housing benefit ; five would own their homes but have negative equity .
The richest 10 people in the village would receive 30 per cent of the total income .
Between them , they would earn more than the poorest 50 combined .
The poorest 10 people in the village would receive 2 per cent of total income .
Two adults would not have access to a bank account .
Fifty - six of the 100 villagers would claim to have given to charity within the past four weeks .
Overall , the village would donate £ 17,393 to charity this year .
Twenty people would claim the state pension ; 12 would be women .
Five villagers would be employed in the food industry .
Five men and four women would have had multiple sex partners in the previous year .
If Britain were a village of 100 people , there would be 74 voters .
Only 26 of those voters would have gone to the polls at this year 's European elections .
Of the 42 households in the village , 18 would have at least one pet .
Between them , those households would have 38 pets ( not including fish ) , including 13 dogs ( comprising 10 pedigrees , one cross and two mongrels ) and 13 cats ( 12 of which would be moggies , or non-pedigrees ) .
Three of the villagers would be vegetarians and a further five would be partly vegetarian .
Between them , the villagers would spend £ 2,955 a week on food and non-alcoholic drinks .
They would spend £ 1,154 a week on food eaten outside the home , of which £ 355 would go towards alcohol .
Seventy - eight of the villagers would have a passport .
Fifty - five would have a driving licence .
There would be 56 motor vehicles in the village , including 44 cars and two motorbikes .
Of the 42 households in the village , 18 would have one car , 13 would have two or more cars and 10 would not have a car at all .
In the past year , the people of the village would have made 107 trips abroad , spending £ 60,055 between them .
To see more of Laurent Taubin ’s work , visit www.unsitesurinternet.fr
By Charles Haviland
BBC News , Colombo
The army celebrates its 60th anniversary on Saturday
The Sri Lankan parliament has approved an additional 20 % budget for the country 's military for the remainder of this year .
The government says the cash boost is necessary despite the end of the long - running war in May because the security forces still need strengthening .
That was the government 's argument as it pushed for an additional $ 300 m to be added to the military budget .
The extra cash is on top of the record $ 1.6 bn already allocated this year .
The money was approved by parliament which also extended by a further month the country 's state of emergency , nearly five months after the end of the war .
The extra revenue is to fund the armed forces ' fuel and medical supplies and provide compensation for those who were injured or died .
The army , navy and air force will all benefit .
An opposition politician , speaking in parliament , asked why the extra military budget was needed given the end of the conflict .
Parts of the island remain heavily fortified .
The authorities say they must prevent any resurgence of the defeated Tamil Tiger rebels .
There are plans to set up two major new military bases in areas captured from the Tigers and to increase military surveillance of the north which will last long after the planned resettlement of Tamil displaced people currently interned in camps .
The country is plastered with posters glorifying the armed forces , most of them in the majority Sinhalese language whose speakers constitute the vast bulk of the military .
Saturday is the 60th birthday of the army .
If you ’re not subscribed to my feed click HERE for a bonus comic .
I ’ve had the privilege of working at two different video game studios with my insanely talented friend Mel .
The dude has some serious pencil scribblin’ skills .
Well , he has challenged himself to post a sketch every day for the month of August and so far he is kicking ass and taking names .
Check out his sketch blog HERE and leave him note .
Panic attacks are possible anytime and for any person depending on their circumstances and the way their neuro center responds to any trigger that causes extreme distress .
Panic attack cases and syndromes vary from person to person .
So the symptoms , causes and the ways of dealing with them differ from person to person .
A history of one person to another is totally different and thus the panic attack syndrome comes to be totally individual and unique .
Often times self hypnosis and positive hypnosis therapies can be done to control severe panic attack .
There are varied treatments for panic attack but not the most common ones but the alternate medicine ones are the kind to likely make the biggest impacts to a person .
Panic attacks are characterized by sudden feeling of terror for no apparent or real reason .
Usually these reasons are not justified in a practical sense but come with syndromes that are really hard to garner with .
Sudden panic attacks like this can be so extreme that you could feel like you are nearly dying .
Some people get the awful pit on the stomach feeling for no justified reasons .
It could come being in a crowded place , enclosed spaces , in the presence of an animal or anywhere at all .
It gets accompanied by sudden pounding of heart , restriction in breathing , chest spasms , etc .
Often times the repeated reactions happen with the same action but sometimes panic attack can just be a result of some pent up terrified feelings about something unknown or being in some unknown territory .
We all know that deep breathing and relaxation can ground us back .
But in case of severe panic attacks this just does n’t seem possible enough .
We have to have clinical counseling done in most cases .
Breathing techniques do follow a great deal in giving us the adequate space to put control over the unknown but it also requires practice .
In cases of severe panic attacks it just does n’t go too quickly .
Medical doctors say that panic attack can even cause dizziness , lightheadedness , chest pains , muscle sores , spasms , feeling of numbness , sense of getting smothered , nausea , hot flashes or sudden chills , tingling in hands or feet , dreamlike sensations , need for escaping , fear of dying , sudden fear of losing control , perceptual distortions , unimaginable horror images or thoughts , etc .
It can go up to several minutes or on repeated succession for several days , disrupting your normal way of life .
This way panic attack syndrome can bring you some of the most difficult times that you can think of .
They can come without a warning but they had actually been building up within you for quite sometime as a trigger of some traumatic incident or some trauma related sides .
It can disrupt your sleep and overall normal sense of daily life .
They can bring you or lead you into high blood pressure or even heart attack .
Certain medications , strong caffeine , alcohol and such stressful items for your body could just be hastening your panic attack syndrome .
Often some calming herbs , medicines and avoidance of trigger food and environment can keep things in control .
Insurgent attacks produced the highest monthly death toll among Iraqis in 13 months , according to Iraqi government figures obtained Tuesday by The Times , with August marred by suicide bombings in the north and a high - profile assault on government ministries in Baghdad .
The increase in violence stoked concern that security is deteriorating with the June 30 withdrawal of most U.S. troops from the cities and the approach of national elections in January .
A total of 456 Iraqi civilians and security personnel were killed in attacks in August , the government figures show .
It was the deadliest month since July 2008 , when 465 Iraqis died violently , though the tally was far lower than at the height of the civil war in 2006 and 2007 when monthly tolls sometimes soared past 2,000 .
The attacks in August , as well as a similar spate of bombings that resulted in 355 Iraqi deaths in April and 438 in June , have fed the sense that security could unravel as political factions contend for power .
Advertisement
After the Aug. 19 suicide truck bombings at the Iraqi foreign and finance ministries , which killed about 90 people , government officials said that the security forces had been infiltrated .
Prime Minister Nouri Maliki has blamed elements of late dictator Saddam Hussein ’s Baath Party for the attacks .
The U.S. military has said that the violence has failed to reignite the sectarian war .
The violence also has a political dimension as Maliki ’s opponents point to the bloodshed as proof that he has failed to maintain security gains after the U.S. pullback from the cities , which was stipulated in a security agreement that the United States and Iraq reached late last year .
Abbas Bayati , a Shiite Muslim lawmaker close to Maliki , defended the government ’s record and said that the country was not slipping back into chaos .
Advertisement
“ These acts are not able to deteriorate our security situation nor to return us back to square one , ” he said .
“ In fact it is the opposite .
There is a positive movement by all sides and political blocs to confront this terrorism . ”
Maliki ’s political opponents disagreed .
“ We are saying , who guarantees that the upcoming stage will not witness worse than what has [ just ] happened , ” said Sunni Muslim lawmaker Salim Abdullah Jabouri .
Advertisement
--
ned.parker@latimes.com
Salman is a Times staff writer .
Nicaraguan police hand over Saul Antonio Turcios Angel , a Salvadoran citizen who is regarded as boss of the criminal gang MS - 13 , or Mara Salvatrucha , to Interpol under tight security measures at Sandino International Airport in Managua , capital of Nicaragua , Sept. 4 , 2009 .
Turcios Angel , 29 , who is described by Interpol as " highly dangerous , " was arrested last week in the northwestern Nicaraguan town of Chichigalpa .
MS - 13 has a vicious reputation and is active in the United States in drug trafficking and other organized crime .
( Xinhua / Jairo Cajina )
【 1 】 【 2 】 【 3 】 【 4 】 【 5 】 【 6 】 【 7 】 【 8 】
1 . House will make a big deal about keeping / putting a public option in HR3200 because it competes with insurance companies and will keep insurance rates low .
2 . The White House will refer to the President 's speech last week where he spoke favorably of the public option .
3 . The Senate will kill the competitive public option in favor of non-competitive " co-ops " .
Senate leaders like Kent Conrad have said the votes to pass a public option were never there in the Senate .
4 . The bill will come to a House - Senate Conference Committee without the public option .
5 . House Democrats will be told to support the conference report on the legislation to support the President .
6 . The bill will pass , not with a " public option " but with a private mandate requiring 30 million uninsured to buy private health insurance ( if one does n't already have it ) .
If you are broke , you may get a subsidy .
If you are not broke , you will get a fine if you do not purchase insurance .
This legislative sausage will be celebrated as a new breakthrough and will be packaged as health insurance reform .
However , the bill may require a Surgeon General 's warning label : Your Money or Your Life !
The bill that Congress passes may pale in comparison to the bill that millions of Americans will get every month / year for having or not having private health insurance .
It will take four years for the new legislation to go into effect .
During that time , we are going to build a constituency of millions in support of real health care , a constituency which will be recognized and a cause which is right and just : Health Care as a Civil Right .
Join our efforts .
Sign the petition .
Contribute .
Insure a democratic future .
Thank you .
Dennis
---
Dennis J. Kucinich ( OH - 10 )
U.S. House of Representatives
Favorite Answer
DVDs and Music CDs released on Tuesdays for several reasons .
Sales Figures are released on Monday
Consumers know when to look for new releases
If a Tuesday release is selling well , there still is time to order
more before the weekend . [ 3 ]
Shipments of music usually begin to arrive in stores on Thursday .
That
gives the stores time to coordinate special midnight sales on Monday
evening , as opposed to Sunday , which is usually a shorter work day
This practice appears to have been followed for 20 years . :)
How much do you know about the splendid alfonsin ?
No , me neither .
At first I thought he must be the mannish hero of some cheap boys ' novella - a Pimpernel in the face of organised crime , a Zorro jumping on the cat - stroking villainry of world domination , a musketeer with liberty carved into his very eyeballs .
Somewhat disappointingly , in one sense , it 's a fish .
And I know this : if trawlers used to catch 60 tonnes of them in a single hour back in the 1970s and now they catch only one tonne in an hour , something has happened to the alfonsin that he must consider entirely the opposite of splendid .
You or I might get to eat a splendid alfonsin ( also known as splendid alfonsino , which is even more heroic ) ; but we 're unlikely to see one alive , as they generally live on or near the ocean floor at depths that can reach 1.3 km .
For a long while after the dawn of commercial fishing , such species remained out of reach , out of sight and out of mind .
No more .
As more accessible stocks dwindled , and demand continued to rise with the growing human population and affluence , ever more well - equipped fishing vessels began to target these deep - ocean species with a range of methods , the most destructive of which entails dragging five - tonne pieces of iron at the front of trawls over the sea floor - fine , if it 's just sand and silt , but not so great if it 's a deep - sea coral reef .
Three years ago , following a heap of pushing and prodding and repeated false starts , the UN General Assembly eventually acknowledged the possibility that soon some of these species might vanish out of sight forever unless steps were taken to protect them .
Deep - water bottom - dwellers are often slow to grow and slow to reproduce .
The orange roughy can live to at least 149 .
This makes them highly vulnerable to overfishing , unlike species that reproduce with great fecundity when they 're barely out of the fry stage .
Conservation groups pressed the UN for a straightforward moratorium on bottom - trawling except in places where good management regimes were already established .
Enough member governments demurred to force a weakening , but what emerged was , by the standards of these things , not a bad set of measures : scroll down to " A / RES/61/105 " at this research guide .
Governments promised to protect vulnerable marine ecosystems ( VMEs ) , either by themselves or through regional fisheries management organisations ( RFMOs ) .
Where no competent RFMO existed , they would create one .
Countries would bar vessels that flew their flags from bottom - fishing in international waters where it had not been proven that no harm would come to VMEs .
The precautionary principle was everywhere and most of these rules had to be put in place pretty quickly , by the end of 2008 .
That 2006 resolution also instructed the UN secretary general to monitor the situation and provide a status report .
It had to be ready for this year 's UN General Assembly , which opens in the middle of next week .
At this moment , officials from UN member governments are in New York poring over the secretary - general 's report [ 329 Kb pdf ] .
It 's unlikely that any of the bottom - trawling countries will find much to keep them awake at nights .
The main reason is encapsulated in a couple of sentences so strangely juxtaposed in sentiment that they could belong to different centuries ; you 'll find them on page seven .
The first states that submissions for the report were solicited , and did in fact arrive , from member governments , RFMOs and non-governmental organisations - which in this case mainly means conservation groups such as the Deep Sea Conservation Coalition ( DSCC ) .
The second states that the people compiling the report based it on submissions from governments and RFMOs , as well as unspecified " other relevant information " .
So - er - what happened to the rest of the submissions ?
The DSCC 's take on this is that " the secretary general 's report collated the information received on what has been done , but in doing so does not clearly show what has not been done " .
For an example of what the coalition means , let 's take the area managed by the North East Atlantic Fisheries Commission ( NEAFC ) .
The report says that NEAFC decided to prohibit gillnets and entangling nets ( which work pretty much as their name suggests ) in water deeper than 200 m ; very good .
It also agreed to " reduce all deep - water fishing effort " by one - third .
According to the DSCC , what the report omits is that gillnets and entangling nets are a minor source of catches , the majority coming from trawls - which are not banned ; and that under the effort - reduction measure , the reported catch actually rose from 20,000 tonnes in 2004 to 90,000 tonnes in 2007 .
And so on ; there is more , much more of this .
The secretary general 's report is long ( 67 pages ) , detailed and acronym - dense , and unless you readily know your PECMAS from your SIODFA you 'll not find it easy going ; nor will you the detailed DSCC submission [ 597 Kb pdf ] .
But what it really boils down to is this .
The UN resolution three years ago said , in a nutshell , " do n't fish the sea bottom unless you know you can do it sustainably " .
What seems to have happened in many areas of the world is that member governments have put into place regimes that say " we do n't have any information to say that 's not sustainable , so we 'll presume it 's okay to continue " .
Lobbyists for fishermen may at this point wish to express concern about livelihoods ; two things are worth bearing in mind .
Firstly , all governments signed up to this ; anyone who does n't like it should complain to them .
Secondly , the resolution does n't ban bottom - fishing ; it just says do n't do it unless you know it wo n't destroy deep - sea ecosystems , such as ocean vents , or the very fish stocks you 're trying to catch .
UN member states do n't have to accept the secretary general 's report .
They 're discussing it this week , and it will come up again during the General Assembly ( agenda item 77 b , in case you 're interested ) .
If they 're serious about making fishing sustainable , they might ask how it is that catches can rise by a factor of more than four under measures that are supposed to cap them .
They might ask why it is that in the entire north west Pacific , fishing nations have agreed to protect just one part of one seamount among many that are likely to support vulnerable ecosystems .
They might ask why protocols designed to encourage captains to move on when they realise they 're having an " encounter " with a vulnerable marine ecosystem stipulate they can bring up 100kg of live coral or 1,000kg of sponges before realisation has to dawn .
Then again , they might not ask any of this ; in which case , we had better enjoy the splendour of the alfonsin and all its cousins while we still can .
What is it with cats and keyboards ?
A Florida man accused of downloading child pornography is blaming his cat 's erratic keyboard mashing for the crime .
Keith Griffin was charged Wednesday with 10 counts of possession of child pornography after detectives found more than 1,000 images on his computer , the Associated Press reports .
But Griffin alleges he had no knowledge of the illicit images and says his cat was behind the downloads .
Griffin told investigators that his cat had a habit of sitting on his computer 's keyboard .
He said that on several occasions he came back to his computer to find that strange material had been downloaded .
Police did n't buy Griffin 's story and he is currently being held in the Martin County Jail .
The cat reportedly is being cared for by a family friend .
Maybe Griffin should consider investing in some anti-kitty computer software .
PawSense claims to be able to recognize and prevent cat typing .
-- Brendan Bigelow
Video : jmcole79 via YouTube
A new report says more civilians were killed in Gaza than Israel admits
An Israeli human rights group says many more Palestinian civilians were killed in the Israeli military 's campaign in Gaza than the army admits .
B'Tselem said detailed research with careful cross-checking showed 1,387 Palestinians died , over half of them civilians and 252 of them children .
This contradicts an Israeli army report stating fewer than 300 civilians died in fighting in December and January .
Israel says it launched the assault to halt rocket attacks from Gaza .
The overall B'Tselem total broadly tallies with the official Palestinian death toll and the findings of other non-governmental organisations , although the proportion of civilians it identifies is lower .
The group says the extent of civilian deaths does not prove , in itself , that Israel violated the laws of war .
However , it says it raises grave concerns about the military 's behaviour when taken in the context of " numerous testimonies " from troops and Palestinians .
Amnesty International has already accused Israel of committing war crimes during its offensive .
The Israeli army has admitted " rare mishaps " during the campaign but denies troops violated international humanitarian law .
' Serious introspection '
B'Tselem said the findings had been compiled during months of research , including visits to the families of those killed .
It said it was unable to compare its figures with the official Israeli ones because the military refused to provide its list of fatalities .
The group said the results should compel the Israeli government to launch an independent investigation into its three - week offensive .
The complexity of combat in a densely populated area against armed groups that use illegal means and find refuge within the civilian population ... cannot legitimise such extensive harm to civilians by a state committed to the rule of law
B'Tselem statement Earlier this year the Israeli army said that 1,166 Gazans were killed in the conflict , a quarter of whom were civilians .
Its figures indicated that the toll included 709 militants from Hamas and other groups , and 295 non-combatants .
According to B'Tselem , 1,387 Palestinians were killed by the Israeli military , including 773 civilians , 330 combatants and 248 civilian police - whom Israeli officials classify as militants .
B'Tselem has counted 252 children under the age of 16 who were killed - the military puts that figure at 89 - and 109 women over 18 .
" The extremely heavy civilian casualties and the massive damage to civilian property require serious introspection on the part of Israeli society , " B'Tselem said , adding that it considered the army 's internal probe insufficient .
The group acknowledged the challenges of combat in the densely crowded Gaza Strip , and criticised the " illegal and immoral actions " by Palestinian militants accused of hiding among the civilian population .
But this " cannot legitimise such extensive harm to civilians by a state committed to the rule of law " , B'Tselem added .
The Israeli military had no immediate comment on the report , but has previously rejected such criticism .
It has said the aim of the campaign " was target the Hamas terror organisation and not citizens of the Gaza Strip " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
The introduction of e-book readers to challenge Amazon ’s Kindle has brought new price competition to the market .
The launch of Sony ’s $ 199 Reader and Interead ’s $ 249 Cool - er prompted Amazon to drop the price of its introductory - level Kindle 2 to $ 299 from $ 359 within months of its debut .
But prices still have a long way to go before e-book readers get beyond the early adopter demographic , according to a study released this week by Forrester Research .
Even among frequent readers with a household income above $ 75,000 , current prices put e-book devices firmly in the expensive luxury category .
Forrester ’s survey of 4,700 online consumers in the U.S. found average consumers believe the value of e-book readers to be between $ 50 and $ 99 , well below the cheapest reader on the market today .
Only 14 percent of consumers said that prices of $ 199 or higher fall even within the “ It ’s expensive but I might consider it ” range , according to Forrester .
“ The maximum addressable market for e-readers as they are currently priced is substantial — but to reach the largest market possible , the prices will need to come way down , ” Forrester analyst Sarah Rotman Epps wrote in a blog post about the report .
“ And even then , e-readers are never going to be as big a market as MP3 players , which 110 million U.S. consumers own . ”
So how quickly will e-book reader prices come down ?
Probably not very .
The most expensive component in an e-book reader is the electrophoretic electronic paper display ( EPD ) that gives the screen its ink - on - paper look .
Most of the technology underlying EPDs is controlled by E - Ink , a spinoff of the MIT Media Lab that was acquired in June by Prime View International of Taiwan .
Nearly all EPDs used in e-book readers today are made by E - Ink , including those in the Kindle , the Sony Reader , the Cool - er , and the Plastic Logic reader slated to launch next year .
Most of the devices themselves are assembled on an OEM basis by Prime View .
Beyond the display , most of the other components in an e-book reader , such as the battery , the NAND flash memory chips and processors , are off - the - shelf .
While the cost of manufacturing EPDs will surely come down as volumes increase , prices are n’t likely to decrease substantially until someone besides E - Ink starts making them .
The one component in an e-reader where manufacturers have some cost flexibility is the wireless broadband module ( GigaOM Pro , subscription required ) .
The Cool -er and the low - end Sony Reader lack wireless modules , allowing the manufacturers to take some cost out of the finished good .
But sacrificing the wireless module also means giving up one of the most attractive features of the Kindle and other high - end devices : the ability to download e-books directly from the device .
Asking consumers to pay the full price of an e-book reader is not necessarily the only model available to device makers , however .
Plastic Logic , for instance , is looking to target enterprise buyers by tailoring its reader for business applications , much as Research In Motion targeted corporate buyers in the initial phase of BlackBerry sales .
Today , most BlackBerrys are purchased by consumers .
Another option is for 3G wireless providers to subsidize the cost of e-book readers to consumers in exchange for extended service commitments , just as they do today with the mobile phones .
Perhaps the best model for device makers , though , is to add functionality to e-book readers , such as support for subscription services , social networking and document annotation , which could add value even if prices can’t come down .
If e-book readers can become more than single - purpose devices for reading the latest Stephen King novel , they may not need to break the $ 100 price barrier to catch on with consumers .
רחובות תל אביב - ציורים ציור נאיבי של העיר תל אביב מהדימיון , אקריליק על בד 200X150 ס " מ , אוסף פרטי ציור נאיבי של העיר תל אביב כשברקע בניינים עתידיים שאמורים לקום בשנים הקרובות אקריליק על בד 200X150 ס " מ , אוסף פרטי ציור נאיבי של העיר תל אביב בצורה של כדור אקריליק על בד , 100X100 ס " מ , אוסף פרטי כיכר השעו ן 2009 , 200X80 ס " מ , אקריליק על בד , אוסף פרטי טיילת תל אביב 2009 , אקריליק על בד , 200X60 ס " מ , אוסף פרטי כיכר אתרים , 200X70 ס " מ , אקריליק על בד , 2009 , אוסף פרטי הקריה - מרכז עזריאלי 2009 , אקריליק על בד - 200X80 ס " מ נתיבי איילון 2009 , אקריליק על בד , 200X 60 ס " מ , אוסף פרטי פארק הירקו ן 2009 , 200X80 ס " מ , אקריליק על בד , אוסף פרטי שדרות רוטשילד 2009 , אקריליק על בד , 230X130 ס " מ , אוסף פרטי רחוב ביאלי ק 2008 , 220X120 ס " מ אקריליק על בד , אוסף פרט י
הטיילת - תל אביב , אקריליק על בד , 150X50 ס " מ , אוסף פרטי המושבה האמריקאית תל אביב , אקריליק על בד , 140X60 ס " מ , אוסף פרטי מוזיאון תל אביב ורחבת בית אריאלה , הגימנסיה הרצליה ברחוב הרצל שעל חורבותיה הוקם מגדל שלום , אוסף פרט י
כיכר דיזינגוף , אקריליק על בד , 140X60 ס " מ , אוסף פרט י
גן מאיר , 2008 אקריליק על בד , 140X60 ס " מ , אוסף פרטי שדרות בן ציון - הבימה אוסף פרט י
נתיבי איילון 2008 , אקריליק על בד , 150X50 ס "מ , אוסף פרט י
שדרות רוטשילד 2008 , אקריליק על בד , 140X60 ס " מ , אוסף פרט י
גן מאיר 2008 , אקריליק על בד , 140X60 ס " מ
תל אביב - 2007 נווה צדק , אקריליק על בד , 150X50 ס " מ , אוסף פרטי גן מאיר , אקריליק על בד , 140X60 ס " מ , אוסף פרטי גן העצמאות , אקריליק על בד , 150X50 ס " מ , אוסף פרטי USA פארק הירקון , אקריליק על בד , 150X50 ס " מ , אוסף פרטי לבונטין , גן החשמל , אקריליק על בד , 140X60 ס " מ , אוסף פרטי גן מאיר , 2009 , אקריליק על בד , 140X60 ס " מ , אוסף פרטי שדרות בן ציון - הבימה בלילה - 2008 אוסף פרטי המרפסת בפינסקר פינת אידלסון - משקיפה לבניין האופרה , אקריליק על בד , 120X120 ס " מ אוסף פרטי מרפסות באוהאוס תל אביב , אקריליק על בד , 120X120 ס " מ אוסף פרטי רופי ן
6 - מרפסת באוהאוס עגולה , אקריליק על בד , 120X120 ס " מ , אוסף פרטי שדרות בן ציון , אקריליק על בד , 120X120 ס " מ , אוסף פרטי מרפסות באוהאוס , אקריליק על בד , 120X120 ס " מ , אוסף פרטי מרכז עזריאלי - אקריליק על בד , 2000 , אוסף פרטי חוף הילטון , אקריליק על בד , אוסף פרטי אלנבי פינת בן יהודה , 1997 , שמן על בד , 170X170 ס " מ , אוסף פרטי טקסט - דניאל כהנא - לוינזון , אוצר התערוכה פנורמה תל אביבית שהוצגה בגלריה העירונית בגבעתיים מכון המים - מרץ 2008 רפי פרץ צייר , תל - אביבי מציג בתערוכה סדרת ציורי נופים אורבאניים של מקומות מרכזיים בעירו .
הוא " מסייר " בעיר תוך שהוא בוחר בציוני דרך ארכיטקטוניים וגיאוגרפיים מוכרים , אתרי בילוי ומסחר ומציג אותם מנקודת התבוננות גאה , כשהם מעוטרים בדגלי גאווה או צבועים בצבעי הגאווה מתוך תחושת שייכות .
עבודותיו מאופיינות בשמחת חיים עליזה וצבעוניות והן מתארות גם התרחשויות של בילוי ומפגשים של הקהילה ההומולסבית בעיר .
פרץ מצייר את תל- אביב בה חיים זוגות רבים של גברים הממלאים את הרחובות , הגינות , חוף הים , הבתים , המרפסות ובעצם את רחבי העיר .
הוא מתאר את הגברים באופן שבלוני , כשהם דומים ואחידים .
הבחירה בזהות הצורנית תורמת להעצמת העדריות של הקהילה הגאה .
בנושא זה מתקשרת יצירתו של פרץ ליצירתו של האמן הישראלי יוחנן סימון שעסק בתכנים חברתיים של הקיבוץ , כמערכת חברתית אשר חיזקה את הקבוצה והשתיקה את הפרט .
סימון גר ועבד בקיבוץ ומתוך כך היטיב לבטא את הדגם האנושי של " הקיבוצניק " , שחי ועבד בקיבוץ כחבר בקבוצה בה כולם שווים .
נראה כי פרץ המכיר היטב את הקהילה הגאה החיה בתל - אביב מבקש להיות גם אמן חברתי המבטא באמצעות יצירתו את המאבק האישי מחד והקהילתי מאידך אל מול הממסד .
הוא מתאר את הגברים החברים בקהילה כשהם מגיעים מכל קצוות העיר וחוברים למאורע המאגד אותם , כמו טקס או אקט פולחני האמור לבטא תחושת שייכות .
לטענתו העולם הגברי הופך לקיים בזכות הציור .
נושאי ציוריו הם חיי השגרה בזוגיות ההומוסקסואליים במקומות ובמצבים יומיומיים יחד עם השאיפה למשפחה וזוגיות חד מינית , שוויון והכרה פומבית .
עבודותיו מציגות מבנים היסטוריים מוכרים כשהוא מעמיד את חברי הקהילה בזוגיות מושלמת ויחסים אידיליים לצידם , כאשר העמדה זו משקפת את הכמיהה לכוח הטמון ביחד של חברה .
פרץ מבקש להציג את ההוויה של תושבי העיר ואת האהבה האדירה המקננת בליבם .
בבחירתו את המקומות ההיסטוריים בתל - אביב הוא עושה גם מחווה לאמן נחום גוטמן אשר אהב את העיר חי וצייר אותה ואת הקסם הטמון בה במשך כל חייו .
כתושב אשר קבע את מקומו בתל - אביב , ממפה פרץ את הטריטוריה שלו וכמו מסמן את הגבולות .
העיר תל - אביב הופכת למושא אהבה כאשר היא מתקשטת בצבעוניות עשירה ומספקת אנרגיה של עיר המבקשת להיות עיר ללא הפסקה .
אהבה ראשונה עם גבר הוציאה מפרץ בשנת 1999 את סדרת הציורים הנאיביים שעוסקים באהבה , בהתרגשות מעשייה של פעולות יום - יומיות משותפות בסביבה הביתית האינטימית .
בציורי המרפסות מתאר פרץ משפחה חד מינית החיה בתל - אביב ובכך מותח פרץ את גבולות הציור בין אמנות וארוטיקה ובין עולם נאיבי ואידילי למציאותי בו קיימת כמיהה לזוגיות ומשפחתיות .
בציורים אלה משמשת תל- אביב כרקע חשוב המסמל את המקום בו קיים חופש התרבותי .
פרץ מקפיד לתאר את ייחודם וסגנונם של הבתים והמרפסות האופייניים לסגנון ה -" באוהאוס " , כל אלה ממבט על ומזוויות בלתי שגרתיות .
הפורמט המלבני של עבודותיו המבקש לחקות פנורמה מציג עיר מגוונת העומדת על סף חגיגות המאה .
מוזמנים לבקר באתר הבי ת
http://www.gaypaintings.com
Austrian Composer Peter Ablinger has transformed a child speaking so that it can be played as MIDI events on a mechanically - controlled piano , making the piano a kind of speech speaker .
Via Matrixsynth , the readers at Hack a Day get fairly involved with how this may be working .
It seems not quite accurate to describe this as vocoding in the strictest sense , so much as a simple transformation to a ( much ) lower frequency resolution – that is , the 88 keys of the piano .
Ablinger , for his part , describes the events as “ pixels . ”
It ’s pretty extraordinary that without a bandpass filter , you get something approximating the noisy sibilance of the speech , but this seems to be the result of having lots of events ( that is , lots of resolution in terms of time ) .
Edit : Listening again , the short answer to how you can hear so much of the voice through the piano seems to be , you can ’t ; the original is almost certainly mixed in .
It ’s nonetheless an interesting effect , and I ’d like to hear the piano on its own .
In other words , the basic process is , 1 ) convert the sound spectrum of the recorded voice to a series of MIDI events , and 2 ) play back the translated MIDI file .
You can see that the MIDI playback is accomplished with Pd ( Pure Data ) running on a Windows Linux / KDE netbook , though it ’s not clear what was used to do the original conversion .
( The screen shot with side - by - side audio and MIDI appears as though it may be for demonstration purposes , only . )
Correction :
The work is absolutely done in custom software developed by the composer in Pd ( Pure Data ) .
It ’s an ideal tool for the job , and free and open source .
I would n’t dare try to replicate the results here , but this is fantastic inspiration for playing with sound in Pd .
One Windows tool that ’s capable of the job is TS Audiotomidi , as observed by Hack a Day spacecoyote .
Whether or not that ’s what ’s at work here – and it may well be – that utility is itself interesting .
Edit : Yeah , far more likely the whole thing was done in Pd.
And Pd should be up to the task .
TS - AudioToMIDI
Of course , this is to say nothing of the lovely work done on the mechanical piano .
It ’s a beautiful piece .
Here ’s hoping some government bureaucrats got the message of the declaration .
Now , we just need a chorus of something really loud – say a thousand trumpets – shouting out the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
Text editing with text tool is done in the canvas like you do in Adobe Photoshop and not in a separate window .
Tag support for brushes and patterns .
And you can even filter these resources based on the tags .
You can save your images in only one format namely the native GIMP file format ( XCF ) .
If you want to save in a different file format such as PNG or Jpeg , you have to use the " Export " feature .
GIMP now supports rotating brushes .
Additional features of GEGL incorporated .
A new plugin for loading Jpeg2000 images .
GIMP version 2.7.0 has been released .
GIMP 2.7 is the first step towards GIMP 2.8 which will be a stable release .
GIMP follows the Linux kernel approach to version numbering in that all odd numbered versions are unstable and even numbered versions are considered stable .
Some of the notable features in GIMP 2.7.0 are as follows : Complete list of changes can be found at developer.gimp.org
Please note that GIMP 2.7 is a development release and is considered unstable .
However , if you decide to install GIMP 2.7 in Linux , you have to compile it from its source code which can be downloaded at ftp.gimp.org GIMP team also rolled out GIMP 2.6.7 which provides lots of bug - fixes , and it contains an important fix for using GIMP with the latest GEGL and babl releases .
Read the full release notes for GIMP 2.6.7 .
The Sierra Club , Defenders of Wildlife and other environmental groups have condemned the fence under construction along the U.S. - Mexican border .
They claim it will disturb the habitat and movements of sensitive wildlife like pygmy owls and jaguars .
And they allege it may only drive illegal immigrants into still remoter , more ecologically fragile terrain .
The Sierra Club ’s Carl Pope even contends the fence could lead to the “ destruction of the borderlands region . ”
Funny , I thought the border was already under assault from massive narcotics trafficking and the recent outburst of barbaric , deadly drug - linked crime ; hundreds of tons of litter and trash dropped by illegal immigrants ; polluting maquiladora plants ; the mysterious and tragic deaths of female maquiladora workers ( near Ciudad Juarez ) ; and expanding habitat loss from the explosive growth of border settlements .
The border fence is indeed likely to disrupt certain wildlife populations , particularly mammals , reptiles and amphibians .
The barriers may well block the movements , migration and gene flow of ground - dwelling species .
In addition , there will be a linear loss of habitat in a narrow band alongside the fence .
These impacts could potentially approach those of a restricted - access interstate highway with fencing to prevent collisions between wildlife and vehicles .
Since environmentalists get riled up about building freeways across natural habitat , they are being consistent in getting riled up about the border fence .
But they are being woefully inconsistent — even hypocritical — in not getting riled up about the ecological damage caused by rampant , unsustainable U.S. population growth that illegal immigration exacerbates .
The wildlife habitat eliminated to accommodate an additional 3 million people annually is on a scale far vaster and more widespread than the border fence .
And it mounts year after year with no end in sight , as long as our population continues to soar .
U.S. population grew by 33 million in the 1990s , more than any single decade in our history .
This decade is on track to surpass that record .
About 75 percent of this growth is due directly or indirectly to immigration , and more than half of 2000 - 2007 immigration was illegal .
At 306 million today , according to the Census Bureau , the United States is on a trajectory to reach 440 million in 2050 and between 500 million and 1 billion by 2100 .
This will have ruinous environmental consequences .
In overpopulated California , our numbers surged by nearly 50 percent from 1970 to 1990 .
They grew another 14 percent in the 1990s .
Already at 38 million to 39 million , Californian ’s population is projected to balloon to 60 million by 2050 .
Unless immigration is substantially lowered , it wo n’t crest even there .
Not surprisingly , California has more wildlife in jeopardy than any other state .
More than 800 species are now in peril — including half of all mammals and one - third of all birds .
Of these 800 species , 134 are threatened or endangered , facing imminent extinction without urgent action .
A 2007 California Department of Fish & Game report , “ California Wildlife : Conservation Challenges , ” concluded that the state ’s biodiversity is already under tremendous pressure from today ’s enormous human population .
Further population growth can only worsen the pressure .
“ Increasing needs for housing , services , transportation and other infrastructure place ever - greater demands on the state ’s land , water , and other natural resources , ” the report noted .
In the United States as a whole , 371 terrestrial ecological communities are listed as globally rare .
An exhaustive survey by The Nature Conservancy reported that almost one - third of all plants and animals are at risk .
If our country keeps adding 30 million or more new residents a decade — equal to eight times the city of Los Angeles — pressures on these precarious living resources can only increase .
Yet these troubling statistics generate nary a peep from the environmental establishment , because they are held hostage by their fear of being demonized as low - brow nativists by their political bedfellows —
Democrats , liberals and beneficiaries of mass immigration .
And at least one prospective donor threatened the Sierra Club that “ if they ever came out anti-immigration , they would never get a dollar . ”
They did n’t , and he came through with two donations totaling more than $ 100 million , “ dwarfing all previous individual contributions to the club , ” according to a 2004 Los Angeles Times exposé .
Until mainstream environmental groups prove they ’d rather be environmentally correct rather than politically correct and expedient , all the wailing and gnashing of teeth over the border fence can be dismissed as mimicry .
Like their fellow mimics in the animal kingdom , these imposters are mimicking those who are genuinely committed to saving wildlife and wilderness .
— Leon Kolankiewicz is a wildlife biologist and senior writing fellow for Californians for Population Stabilization .
ALSO CHARGED : Brett Beamsley flashed the Mongrel Mob salute at onlookers while driving away from court .
The first man convicted under the Wanganui bylaw banning gang patches is the city 's Mongrel Mob president , whose bashing sparked the patch ban .
Peter Randal Nahona , 45 , unemployed , was arrested on September 2 wearing a gang hat and sweatshirt in Jones St .
In February 2006 , he was beaten by Hells Angels members at a Wanganui East service station , sparking violent confrontations between the gangs .
Police raided both gang 's headquarters and made 24 arrests after the outbreak of violence .
Mayor Michael Laws said yesterday that Nahona 's conviction was ironic .
" It was his vicious beating by Hells Angels members in early 2006 that convinced the council to act . "
The message was getting through that the police and courts would uphold the new law , he said .
The bylaw came into effect last week .
Nahona signed a notice at Wanganui District Court indicating he was pleading guilty to wearing gang insignia , but was not in court yesterday when Judge Michael Radford fined him $ 500 plus $ 130 court costs and ordered the items of clothing be destroyed .
Three other men appeared in court yesterday charged under the new law .
Mongrel Mob member Brett Allen Beamsley , 45 , flashed the gang 's salute at onlookers while driving away from court .
He entered no plea to accusations of wearing a bulldog insignia the gang 's symbol on September 2 .
Beamsley has the letters MMM for Mighty Mongrel Mob tattooed across his face .
Wanganui District Council had originally sought to have tattoos included in the ban , but Parliament 's law and order select committee considered this unworkable .
John Phillip Ratana , a 21 - year - old Tribesmen gang member , also entered no plea .
Police allege he wore a black leather vest with the gang 's insignia when stopped for speeding on September 1 , the day the bylaw came into force .
Both men were remanded at large until September 22 .
Bryan Vincent Moore , accused of wearing a Hells Angels MC Hastings T - shirt on Monday , did not appear in court and his case was adjourned until September 15 .
The maximum penalty under the new law is a $ 2000 fine .
Acting police area commander Inspector Greg Hudson said all four arrests were made without incident .
" I think [ the arrested men ] just accepted it .
I understand that some of them basically forgot the rule was in place . "
He said clothing seized by police would be held as evidence until conviction , and then burned .
D_LaMz
Join Date : Sep 2006 Posts : 437 Location : Houston , TX
Zombie Killer AR15
Quote : Originally Posted By valyrian357 :
Also , it is not an automatic firearm .
I saw this on arfcom .
I just though this was funny and cool and the same time .
Some of you guys might like it .
Some one you might think to seriously about it .
Also , it is not an automatic firearm .
In an unusual display of honesty CalPERS Actuary Says " Pension Costs Unsustainable "
The CalPERS chief actuary says pension costs are " unsustainable , " and the giant public employee pension system plans to meet with stakeholders to discuss the issue .
" I do n't want to sugarcoat anything , " Ron Seeling , the CalPERS chief actuary said as he neared the end of his comments .
" We are facing decades without significant turnarounds in assets , decades of -- what I , my personal words , nobody else 's -- unsustainable pension costs of between 25 percent of pay for a miscellaneous plan and 40 to 50 percent of pay for a safety plan ( police and firefighters ) ... unsustainable pension costs .
We 've got to find some other solutions . "
Dwight Stenbakken of the League of California Cities told the seminar that pension benefits are " just unsustainable " in their current form and difficult to defend politically .
" I think it 's incumbent upon labor and management to get together and solve this problem before it gets on the ballot , " he said .
" I actually think it is sustainable , " said Terry Brennand of the Service Employees International Union .
He said the basic problem is investment losses , not high benefit levels .
" What is sustainable ? " said Lou Paulson of the California Professional Firefighters .
He said proposals to extend the retirement age for firefighters from 50 to 55 would result in more injuries with advancing age , driving up workers ' compensation costs .
Sustainability In Eyes Of Beholder
Politically Unfeasible Solutions
Long Beach Pension Costs Unsustainable
It is no secret the current pension plan has taxed Long Beach 's budget .
Now three council members are looking for solutions that could include giving public employees a choice between pension plans .
" The current pension costs are unsustainable long term and changes need to be made , " said 3rd District Councilman Gary DeLong .
" There needs to be a significant amount of discussion before deciding what those adjustments should be .
This is the beginning of that process . "
First District Councilman Robert Garcia , 2nd District Councilwoman Suja Lowenthal and DeLong are presenting the possibility of allowing public employees to choose between the current pension plan or a new hybrid plan .
The council will consider recommending that the city manager work with employee unions to study the pension option and report back to the council within 30 days .
The second option to the current " defined benefit " pension system would be a hybrid retirement plan , which is part pension and part 401 ( k ) .
Employees could decide how much to contribute to their defined plan while paying and collecting less for pensions .
Growth In State Workers Simply Indefensible
What 's wrong with this picture ?
Jobs are disappearing by the millions across the United States , and California is particularly hard - hit , with unemployment reaching a record 11.6 percent .
Yet even as state revenue plunges , The Sacramento Bee reported that the state government has continued to expand during the deep recession , adding 4,000 new jobs since July 2008 .
Even as Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger laid claim to being the biggest tightwad of any recent state executive .
Even as lawmakers of both parties announced we were in a new era of fiscal sobriety .
Instead of more state jobs , California needs far fewer .
Since 1997 , the number of full - time state government employees has gone from 284,000 to about 340,000 .
If the productivity revolution that 's transformed the private sector finally manifested itself in government , there is simply no reason the state could n't still function with its 1997 levels of staffing .
Businesses handle procurement , record - keeping , claims and payroll processing , inventory management and housing with fewer employees than ever .
Why can't government follow suit with its identical tasks ?
There is no good reason why , only a political reason : the power of public employee unions .
And now here 's the sad kicker to this story : Schwarzenegger 's spokesman said he 's “ proud of where we are on hiring . ”
The governor needs reminding that pride goeth before a fall , or maybe in this case before a collapse .
If the state is ever going to live within its means — with an honest , gimmick - free budget — it has to first stop growing .
Eliminate Unnecessary Service and Privatize the Rest
PATCO Revisited
The best thing for San Francisco commuters is if every one of the union workers never works another day for BART in a Ronald Reagan vs. PATCO type of decision .
More government unions need to be dissolved , 100 % of them to be precise .
Amalgamated Transit Union Local 1555 is a good place to start .
Smoke signals helps robots fly better ( Image : Simon Walker , Animal Flight Group , Oxford University )
A LOCUST flight simulator could be the key to perfecting the ultimate surveillance machine : an artificial flying insect .
The simulator can model the way wings of varying shapes and surface features beat , as well as how they change their shape during flight .
The device was created using extremely high - speed flash photography to track the way smoke particles flow over a locust ’s wings in a wind tunnel – a technique called particle flow velocimetry .
This allowed researchers at the University of Oxford to build a computer model …
Conserving Crop Diversity
and a Way of Life in Ecuador
The ethnobotanical garden near Cotacachi will educate local schoolchildren and tourists about native crop diversity .
( D1471 - 1 )
Can conservation of traditional crops , in an area considered one of the cradles of world agriculture , contribute to the livelihoods of the local people ?
An ARS researcher is working with an international team of scientists to do just that in rural indigenous communities in Ecuador .
For thousands of years , in the northern Andean highlands of Ecuador , people in the Quichua - speaking communities surrounding the town of Cotacachi have cultivated crops across a wide range of elevations , climates , and soils .
The result is a microcenter of agricultural diversity , a region where fields and gardens offer 30 varieties of corn , 40 varieties of beans , and a stunning diversity of chile peppers , squashes , potatoes , cape gooseberries , passion fruits , and other crops little known outside the Andes .
As in many rural areas , life in Cotacachi is changing .
Many families now depend on income earned elsewhere , and men , in particular , often work away from family farms .
Cape gooseberry items , including , clockwise from left : fresh fruit , a branch of a plant , dehydrated fruit , and marmalade .
Cape gooseberry is a traditional crop in the Cotacachi area of Ecuador .
( D1474 -1 )
The changes have prompted concerns among local people that the traditional way of life in Cotacachi , along with many of the indigenous crops , may be lost .
At stake are crop varieties that are the basis of local food security and culture as well as a rich source of genes for plant breeding programs , says Karen A. Williams , a botanist in the Plant Exchange Office of the ARS National Germplasm Resources Laboratory in Beltsville , Maryland .
Williams has been working in Ecuador periodically since 1995 , when she went there to help reestablish Ecuador ’s national peanut germplasm collection , fill gaps in the USDA collection of peanut germplasm , and strengthen U.S. - Ecuadorian collaborations in genetic resources .
Partnering with an indigenous community organization , the Union of Indigenous and Peasant Communities ( UNORCAC ) ; Bioversity International , an international organization with a mandate to advance conservation and use of genetic diversity worldwide ; and the Ecuadorian National Agricultural Research Institute ( INIAP ) , ARS ’s equivalent in Ecuador , Williams helped set up and now advises a program designed to promote conservation and increase use of local crops in the area .
The Cotacachi project was in large part responsible for UNORCAC being awarded the Equator Prize from the United Nations Development Program in 2008 in recognition of efforts to conserve agricultural biodiversity .
The owner of a rural lodge near Cotacachi , Ecuador , picks maize from her garden .
Visitors to the lodge learn about traditional crops , dishes , and farming practices .
( D1467 -6 )
The project , funded mainly by the USDA Foreign Agricultural Service , involves several innovative approaches designed to add value to indigenous crop varieties by promoting alternative uses , raising local awareness about the value of the indigenous crops , and increasing the availability of local varieties to farmers .
Efforts began in 2002 with a survey of more than 300 farm families on the crop varieties grown and their specific characteristics .
Scientists at Ecuador ’s National Department of Plant Genetic Resources ( INIAP - DENAREF ) have saved samples of much of this genetic treasure trove in the National Germplasm Bank at the INIAP Santa Catalina Experiment Station near Quito .
Farmers worked with the scientists to evaluate the local varieties in a community garden in Cotacachi , and a catalog was produced to document the vastness of the diversity .
Seed fairs have been held so that farmers could display and exchange crop varieties and recoup some varieties they had lost .
The project included construction of a food - processing plant to develop and package salsas , marmalades , and other products made from local crops .
The products — sold in area hotels , small grocery stores , and delicatessens — include Andean blackberry marmalade , spicy pepper paste , dried cape gooseberries , and roasted black squash seeds .
Farmer cooperatives , organized and trained through the project , provide the produce for the processing plant .
A community - run ethnobotanical garden , established as part of the project , supplies midwives with medicinal plants , serves as an educational resource for schoolchildren , and generates income , enabling visitors to see the diversity of local Andean plants in exchange for small donations .
Students at the local bilingual ( Quichua - Spanish ) schools learn about their agricultural heritage and the importance of using and conserving traditional crops , following a guide developed in cooperation with teachers .
Promoting Agrotourism
A major part of the effort is focused on developing offerings for tourists based on local culinary traditions and the crops that inspired them .
Cotacachi is near the popular tourist destinations of the Cotacachi - Cayapas Nature Reserve , with its stunning volcanic lagoon , and the town of Otavalo , home to a world - renowned handicrafts market .
The project has provided financing for construction of three rustic rural lodges that , along with a dozen previously built lodges , are owned by local families who offer rooms to visitors .
The lodges are adjacent to the homes of the families , who prepare meals made with vegetables , fruits , tubers , and grains from dooryard gardens that have been expanded with additional crop varieties .
Visitors learn about traditional crops and farm practices , and the income they provide to farm families is an incentive for continuing crop conservation .
Tourists can also attend agriculturally related festivals , such as Inti Raymi , the Festival of the Sun , which is held at harvest time every year .
At the ethnobotanical garden , tourists learn about the diversity of crop and medicinal plants grown in nearby communities .
The garden is in full view of the spectacular Cotacachi and Imbabura volcanoes , and its design is compatible with the cultural views of the local people .
The Role of Women
During the 6 years of the project , organizers have worked with 3,000 Ecuadorian farm families from dozens of communities .
But much of the work has focused on the women of Cotacachi , who play a fundamental role in Andean agriculture .
Revitalization of home gardens has provided women with a greater diversity of crops — essential to feeding their own families and to providing surpluses that can be sold at the town market .
Workshops on nutrition and traditional cooking reinforced use of native crops with younger housewives .
A book of traditional recipes was compiled to revitalize the heritage of foods in the region .
Women have formed cooperatives that use the crops to produce a variety of items sold to tourists .
They use native variegated lima beans called “ tortas ” to make handcrafted necklaces and bracelets and fiber from the cabuyo plant — a relative of agave — to make traditional sandals and decorative weavings with crop motifs .
“ Women ’s vital contributions to food security and income generation in the communities of Cotacachi have been recognized and enhanced as a result of this project , ” says Williams .
—
By Dennis O'Brien , Agricultural Research Service Information Staff .
The research is part of Plant Genetic Resources , Genomics , and Genetic Improvement , an ARS national program ( #301 ) described on the World Wide Web at www.nps.ars.usda.gov.
Karen A. Williams is with the USDA - ARS Plant Exchange Office , National Germplasm Resources Laboratory , 10300 Baltimore Ave. , Beltsville , MD 20705-2350 ; phone ( 301 ) 504-5421 , fax ( 301 ) 504-6305 .
" Conserving Crop Diversity and a Way of Life in Ecuador " was published in the August 2009 issue of Agricultural Research magazine .
Mr Lula has said that the " climate of unease " in Latin America disturbs him
Brazil 's leader has called on US President Barack Obama to meet South American leaders to calm fears about the US military presence in Colombia .
Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva expressed his concerns in a phone call to President Obama , Brazil 's foreign minister said .
He wants guarantees that US troops will be restricted to fighting drugs and terrorists within Colombia only .
The US and Colombia are finalising an agreement to give the US military greater access to seven bases .
' Winds of war '
Brazil 's Foreign Minister Celso Amorim said President Lula told Mr Obama it was " very important " that he attend a South American summit in Argentina starting next Friday .
The Unasur meeting has been specifically called to address the Colombian bases issue .
On Tuesday , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton tried to calm fears by saying the US would not establish its own bases and would not increase troop levels in Colombia , where 800 US soldiers and 600 US contractors are already based .
Mrs Clinton said the accord would respect Colombian sovereignty and other countries would not be affected .
Venezuela and Ecuador had expressed fears the move amounted to preparation for an invasion of their countries by US forces .
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez warned that " the winds of war were beginning to blow " across the region .
If you feel you ’re not doing enough for the environment by replacing your incandescent light bulbs with LED lights and composting your kitchen scraps , maybe you ’re ready to make a deeper commitment to environmental stewardship .
Some of these strategies may seem a little radical , but they are among the most valuable actions you can take to protect and preserve Earth ’s environment .
Have Fewer Children — Or None
Overpopulation is arguably the world ’s most serious environmental problem because it exacerbates all of the others .
The global population grew from 3 billion in 1959 to 6 billion in 1999 , an increase of 100 percent in just 40 years .
According to current projections , the world population will expand to 9 billion by 2040 .
This represents a slower growth rate than that of the last half of the 20th century , but it will nevertheless leave us with many more people to accommodate .
Planet Earth is a closed system with limited resources — only so much fresh water and clean air and only so many acres of land for growing food .
As the world population grows , our finite resources must stretch to serve more and more people .
At some point , that will no longer be possible .
Some scientists believe we have already passed that point .
Ultimately , we need to reverse this growth trend by gradually bringing the human population of our planet back down to a more manageable size .
This means more people must decide to have fewer children .
This may sound pretty simple on the surface , but the drive to reproduce is fundamental in all species .
The decision to limit or forgo the experience is a difficult one for many people because of emotional , cultural , and religious traditions and pressures .
In many developing countries , large families can be a matter of survival .
Parents often have as many children as possible to ensure that some will live to help with farming or other work and to care for the parents when they are old .
For people in cultures like these , lower birth rates will only come after other serious issues such as poverty , hunger , poor sanitation , and freedom from disease have been adequately addressed .
In addition to keeping your own family small , consider supporting programs that fight hunger and poverty , improve sanitation and hygiene , or promote education , family planning , and reproductive health in developing nations .
Use Less Water — And Keep It Clean
Fresh , clean water is essential to life — no one can live long without it — yet it is one of the scarcest and most endangered resources in our increasingly fragile biosphere .
Water covers more than 70 percent of the Earth ’s surface , but most of that is salt water .
Freshwater supplies are much more limited and today a third of the world ’s people lack access to clean drinking water .
According to the United Nations , 95 percent of the cities worldwide still dump raw sewage into their water supplies .
Not surprisingly , 80 percent of all illnesses in developing countries can be linked to unsanitary water .
Especially if you live in a dry climate , you should use only as much water as you need , avoid wasting the water used , and strive to protect water supplies .
Eat Responsibly
Eating locally grown food supports local farmers and merchants in your own community as well as reducing the amount of fuel , air pollution , and greenhouse gas emissions required to move the food you eat from the farm to your table .
Eating organic meat and produce keeps pesticides and chemical fertilizers off your plate and out of rivers and streams .
Eating responsibly also means eating less meat and fewer animal products such as eggs and dairy products , or perhaps none at all .
Eating less meat is a matter of good stewardship of our finite resources .
Farm animals emit methane , a potent greenhouse gas that contributes to global warming , and raising animals for food requires many times more land and water than growing food crops .
Livestock now uses 30 percent of the planet ’s land surface , including 33 percent of farmland worldwide , which is used to produce animal feed .
Every time you sit down to a plant - based meal instead of an animal - based meal , you save about 280 gallons of water and protect anywhere from 12 to 50 square feet of land from deforestation , overgrazing , and pesticide and fertilizer pollution .
Conserve Energy — And Switch to Renewable Energy
Walk , bike , and use public transportation more .
Drive less .
Not only will you be healthier and help to preserve precious energy resources , but you ’ll also save money .
According to a study by the American Public Transportation Association , families that use public transportation can reduce their household expenses by $ 6,200 annually , more than the average U.S. household spends on food every year .
There are dozens of other ways you can conserve energy .
You can turn off lights and unplug appliances when they are not in use and substitute cold water for hot whenever practical .
Other small steps you can take include weather stripping your doors and windows and not overheating or overcooling your home and office .
( An added bonus is that a good office temperature also boosts productivity . )
One way to start is to get a free energy audit from your local utility .
Whenever possible , choose renewable energy over fossil fuels .
For example , many municipal utilities now offer green energy alternatives so that you can get some or all of your electricity from wind , solar , or other renewable energy sources .
Reduce Your Carbon Footprint
Many human activities — from using coal - fired power plants to generate electricity to driving gasoline - powered vehicles — cause greenhouse gas emissions that heat the atmosphere and contribute to climate change .
Scientists are already seeing significant climate changes that point to the likelihood of serious consequences .
Some scenarios foresee increasing drought that could further reduce food and water supplies and , at the same time , rising sea levels that will submerge islands and coastal regions and create millions of environmental refugees .
Online calculators can help you measure and reduce your personal carbon footprint , but climate change is a global problem that requires global solutions and , so far , the world ’s nations have been slow to find common ground on this issue .
In addition to lowering your own carbon footprint , let your government officials know that you expect them to take action on this issue — and keep the pressure on until they do .
Edited by Frederic Beaudry
Without much fanfare , Samsung has released a TV / tablet combo in Korea that seems to deliver on all the untapped promise in Toshiba 's JournE touch tablet .
Dubbed the LED TV Couple , Samsung has paired a 55 - inch LED baclkit LCD TV with a brand new 7 - inch touchscreen tablet , which communicates with and controls a full home theater over 802.11n WiFi .
The tablet offers a visual program guide , including video previews of TV shows , along with access to media stored on a PC -- which can in turn be " tossed " up to the full TV -- and even a few widgets .
But the real money is in the pair 's ability to stream live TV and Blu-ray content from the home theater to the tablet , making that next trip to the kitchen for munchies so much less painful .
No word on a US or Europe release , but we hope to see a lot more of this pair in the near future .
Peep them in action after the break .
India 's rapid economic growth has hugely increased its emissions
By Sanjoy Majumder
BBC News , Delhi
India 's greenhouse gas emissions will more than triple over the next two decades , a report has projected .
But the document , compiled by experts for the government , also says India 's per-capita emissions will be much lower than major industrialised countries .
The report will form the basis of India 's negotiating position at a UN climate change conference in December .
India , like China , has refused to commit to cuts until developed nations also pledge to meet targets .
According to the report , India 's greenhouse gas emissions will rise from about 1.2bn tonnes at present to between 4bn and 7bn by 2030 .
' Modest ' increases
Releasing the document , India 's environment minister Jairam Ramesh said it demonstrated his country 's seriousness towards climate change .
At the same time he argued that the world should not worry about the threat posed by India 's carbon emissions , since its per-capita emissions would never exceed that of developed countries .
The report , which was prepared by several Indian independent institutions , will form the basis of India 's negotiations at the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen in December .
It says that the country 's greenhouse gas emissions will increase over the next two decades but at a modest level .
At present India accounts for about 5 % of global carbon emissions .
China , the US and Russia are placed higher .
There is growing international pressure on India to sign up to emission cuts at the December summit , something which it is refusing to do .
Arrival of interstellar hydrogen , helium , and oxygen atoms as seen in the IBEX - Lo sky maps .
The Sun 's gravitation deflects the interstellar wind away from its original arrival direction , i.e. coming from the nose of the heliosphere .
( Image by the University of New Hampshire and Boston University )
( PhysOrg.com ) -- NASA 's Interstellar Boundary Explorer , or IBEX , spacecraft has made it possible for scientists to construct the first comprehensive sky map of our solar system and its location in the Milky Way galaxy .
The new view will change the way researchers view and study the interaction between our galaxy and sun .
The sky map was produced with data that two detectors on the spacecraft collected during six months of observations .
The detectors measured and counted particles scientists refer to as energetic neutral atoms .
This animation portrays how the entire sky is flattened to the two - dimensional maps that IBEX presents .
Credit : NASA / Goddard Space Flight Center
The energetic neutral atoms are created in an area of our solar system known as the interstellar boundary region .
This region is where charged particles from the sun , called the solar wind , flow outward far beyond the orbits of the planets and collide with material between stars .
The energetic neutral atoms travel inward toward the sun from interstellar space at velocities ranging from 100,000 mph to more than 2.4 million mph .
This interstellar boundary emits no light that can be collected by conventional telescopes .
The new map reveals the region that separates the nearest reaches of our galaxy , called the local interstellar medium , from our heliosphere -- a protective bubble that shields and protects our solar system from most of the dangerous cosmic radiation traveling through space .
This animation zooms in from a view of the Milky Way Galaxy to our heliosphere .
It sets the scale for our home in the galaxy .
Credit : NASA / Goddard Space Flight Center
" For the first time , we 're sticking our heads out of the sun 's atmosphere and beginning to really understand our place in the galaxy , " said David J. McComas , IBEX principal investigator and assistant vice president of the Space Science and Engineering Division at Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio .
" The IBEX results are truly remarkable , with a narrow ribbon of bright details or emissions not resembling any of the current theoretical models of this region . "
NASA released the sky map image Oct. 15 in conjunction with publication of the findings in the journal Science .
The IBEX data were complemented and extended by information collected using an imaging instrument sensor on NASA 's Cassini spacecraft .
Cassini has been observing Saturn , its moons and rings since the spacecraft entered the planet 's orbit in 2004 .
The IBEX sky maps also put observations from NASA 's Voyager spacecraft into context .
The twin Voyager spacecraft , launched in 1977 , traveled to the outer solar system to explore Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus and Neptune .
In 2007 , Voyager 2 followed Voyager 1 into the interstellar boundary .
Both spacecraft are now in the midst of this region where the energetic neutral atoms originate .
However , the IBEX results show a ribbon of bright emissions undetected by the two Voyagers .
IBEX simultaneously creates 14 maps of the sky at different energies .
This animation shows several different maps , revealing an unexpectedly bright ribbon - like emission in each .
Credit : Southwest Research Institute ( SwRI )
" The Voyagers are providing ground truth , but they 're missing the most exciting region , " said Eric Christian , the IBEX deputy mission scientist at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. " It 's like having two weather stations that miss the big storm that runs between them . "
The IBEX spacecraft was launched in October 2008 .
Its science objective was to discover the nature of the interactions between the solar wind and the interstellar medium at the edge of our solar system .
The Southwest Research Institute developed and leads the mission with a team of national and international partners .
The spacecraft is the latest in NASA 's series of low - cost , rapidly developed Small Explorers Program .
NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center manages the program for the agency 's Science Mission Directorate at NASA Headquarters in Washington .
This image illustrates one possible explanation for the bright ribbon of emission seen in the IBEX map .
The galactic magnetic field shapes the heliosphere as it drapes over it .
The ribbon appears to trace the area where the magnetic field is most parallel to the surface of the heliosphere ( the heliopause ) .
Credit : Adler Planetarium / Southwest Research Institute ( SwRI )
More information :
N. A. Schwadron , M. Bzowski , G. B. Crew , M. Gruntman , H. Fahr , H. Fichtner , P. C. Frisch , H. O. Funsten , S. Fuselier , J. Heerikhuisen , V. Izmodenov , H. Kucharek , M. Lee , G. Livadiotis , D. J. McComas , E. Moebius , T. Moore , J. Mukherjee , N.V. Pogorelov , C. Prested , D. Reisenfeld , E. Roelof , G.P. Zank , " Comparison of Interstellar Boundary Explorer Observations with 3 - D Global Heliospheric Models , " Science Express , Oct. 15 , 2009 .
H.O. Funsten , F. Allegrini , G.B. Crew , R. DeMajistre , P.C. Frisch , S.A. Fuselier , M. Gruntman , P. Janzen , D.J. McComas , E. Möbius , B. Randol , D.B. Reisenfeld , E.C. Roelof , N.A. Schwadron , " Structures and Spectral Variations of the Outer Heliosphere in IBEX Energetic Neutral Atom Maps , " Science Express , Oct. 15 , 2009 .
D.J. McComas , F. Allegrini1 , P. Bochsler , M. Bzowski , E.R. Christian , G.B. Crew , R. DeMajistre , H. Fahr , H. Fichtner , P.C. Frisch , H.O. Funsten , S. A. Fuselier , G. Gloeckler , M. Gruntman , J. Heerikhuisen , V. Izmodenov , P.J anzen , P. Knappenberger , S. Krimigis , H. Kucharek , M. Lee , G. Livadiotis , S. Livi , R.J. MacDowall , D. Mitchell , E. Möbius , T. Moore , N.V. Pogorelov , D. Reisenfeld , E. Roelof , L. Saul , N.A. Schwadron , P.W. Valek , R. Vanderspek , P. Wurz , G.P. Zank , " Global Observations of the Interstellar Interaction from the Interstellar Boundary Explorer - IBEX " , Science Express , Oct. 15 , 2009 .
Provided by JPL / NASA ( news : web )
Explore further NASA launches probe to study edge of solar system ( Update )
Although the toddler was too young to be arrested or interviewed , her details will be kept on computer files held by the constabulary , although they will not be added to the national police database .
Since 1976 ...
Temas produces industrial components used by the leading companies of the European market for their applications .
Temas is outstanding in giving technical assistance , designing and manufacturing conductive gaskets for electromagnetic shielding .
Our shielding solutions are primary components for the correct operation in full compliance under law requirements for electric , electronic and telecommunications field , for civil and military uses ...
Just you wait until I 'm older !
The three - month - old tiger given a ' friendly ' bite by his German Shepherd ' brother '
When he reaches his full size this three - month - old tiger will be a force of nature to reckon with .
But for now tiger cub Kinwah is prepared to accept a rather nasty nip from his German shepherd Rumble who has taken on the role of protective older brother .
The young cat spends his times cuddling up next to the older dog who has taken the him under his wing at a zoo in Australia .
Kinwah was born at Mogo Zoo in New South Wales , Australia , and has been hand - reared by zoo owner zoo keeper Sally Padey since he was two weeks old .
Rumble give his young charge a nasty nip on the head as they play around at the zoo
The decision to hand - rear Kinwah was made after it was established that he had a problem with his hip joint .
According to Sally , raising mischievous Kinwah is like having a child - and one that is currently experiencing the ' terrible twos ' .
Sally , who lives at the zoo among the 200 animals , keeps Kinwah in her own backyard and her German Shepherd dogs .
Best of friends :
Three - month - old tiger cub Kinwah with German shepherd dog Rumble
Three - month - old tiger cub Kinwah with owner Sally Padey who has hand - reared the cub since she was 2 weeks old
Kinwah climbs all over a compliant Rumble to retrieve a tennis ball from his mouth
A man has had a lucky escape after spending a night stranded in a tree in Western Australia 's remote Kimberley as crocodiles circled below him .
Police say Stan Martell was fishing on Friday night on the Lynne River when he fell asleep .
He woke to find his boat had become jammed under a mangrove tree trunk .
The boat filled with water and he was forced to clamber up the tree , leaving behind his satellite phone and emergency radio beacon ( EPIRB ) .
Mr Martell has told the ABC he spent the night worrying that the tree branch would break .
" I crawled up as high as I could , and just sat there like a koala bear all night , " he said .
" But was a bit wary about the crocs .
I saw two crocs right where I was , one was a big one , and one was about 10 foot .
" I did n't want to go swimming anywhere , so I just sat there watching my boat and thinking , I can't believe this has just happened .
" In that sort of situation , you 've only got a split second to make up your mind what you 're going to do , and that tree that brought me undone actually saved me too . "
It was not until the next morning that he was able to climb down and activate his EPIRB .
Senior Sergeant John Kazandsis , of Wyndham Police , says it is unlikely Mr Martell would have been rescued had he not had an EPIRB .
" The feedback from the sea rescue guys is that he was fine , he appeared to be in good health , and it just reinforces the value of keeping an EPIRB onboard and being able to get hold of help when you need it , " he said .
" If he did n't have the EPIRB or any other form of communication , I really do n't want to think about what the outcome could have been .
" The crocodiles that he could see were sitting in the water but crocodiles do climb up on the banks and you just can't be sure of what 's around you . "
Mr Martell was rescued by a volunteer marine rescue team the next morning .
He is now recovering in Kununurra , uninjured but badly shaken .
Images of five of the six Apollo landing sites were captured by NASA 's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter ( LRO ) within weeks of reaching the moon .
The team hopes to see its first images of the Apollo 12 landing site next month .
LRO is currently orbiting the moon on an elliptical path that takes it some 30 km over the moon 's south pole and 200 km over the north pole , but later this year it will enter a circular orbit at an altitude of about 50 km .
( Illustration : NASA Goddard Space Flight Center Scientific Visualization Studio )
The lunar module Eagle , which was used to carry Apollo 11 astronauts Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin down to the lunar surface on 20 July 1969 is clearly seen in the image on the left .
When LRO settles into its final orbit later this year , it will deliver images that are at least twice as sharp as this one .
The lunar module Falcon from the Apollo 15 mission is visible in the image on the right .
Apollo 15 astronauts , who reached the moon on 30 July 1971 , were the first to use a lunar rover to explore the surface .
Click here to see their trek superimposed on a map of London .
( Image : NASA / GSFC / ASU )
This image of Apollo 11 astronaut Buzz Aldrin in front of the lunar module Eagle provides a sense of scale to interpret the LRO images taken from orbit .
The lunar module is about 4 metres wide .
( Image : NASA / Neil Armstrong ) Advertisement
Good lighting conditions made the 1971 Apollo 14 site particularly easy to spot , says Mark Robinson , who heads up the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Camera team at Arizona State University in Tempe .
Well - worn tracks can be seen in the soil to the left of the lunar module Antares ( arrow ) .
Click here to see the Apollo 14 crew 's trek superimposed on a map of London .
( Image : NASA / GSFC / ASU )
A footpath connects the Apollo 14 landing site to an experiments package that the crew members set up .
The experiments station , which transmitted data back to Earth for years after the mission , boasts a reflector that can be used for laser - ranging measurements of the Earth - moon distance ( see Mirrors on the moon ) and a range of experiments used to study the lunar environment and interior .
( Image : NASA / GSFC / ASU )
For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 ( 5 U.S.C. App. ) , $ 115,874,000 , of which not to exceed $ 150,000 may be used for certain confidential operational expenses , including the payment of informants , to be expended at the direction of the Inspector General .
For necessary expenses for intelligence analysis and operations coordination activities , as authorized by title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 121 et seq. ) , $ 347,845,000 , of which not to exceed $ 5,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses ; and of which $ 208,145,000 shall remain available until September 30 , 2011 .
For necessary expenses of the Office of the Chief Information Officer , as authorized by section 103 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 113 ) , and Department - wide technology investments , $ 338,393,000 ; of which $ 86,912,000 shall be available for salaries and expenses ; and of which $ 251,481,000 , to remain available until expended , shall be available for development and acquisition of information technology equipment , software , services , and related activities for the Department of Homeland Security : Provided , That of the total amount appropriated , not less than $ 82,788,000 shall be available for data center development , of which not less than $ 38,540,145 shall be available for power capabilities upgrades at Data Center One ( National Center for Critical Information Processing and Storage ) : Provided further , That the Chief Information Officer shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives , not more than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act , an expenditure plan for all information technology acquisition projects that : ( 1 ) are funded under this heading ; or ( 2 ) are funded by multiple components of the Department of Homeland Security through reimbursable agreements : Provided further , That key milestones , all funding sources for each project , details of annual and lifecycle costs , and projected cost savings or cost avoidance to be achieved by the project .
For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Management , as authorized by sections 701 through 705 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 341 through 345 ) , $ 307,690,000 , of which not to exceed $ 3,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses : Provided , That of the total amount , $ 5,000,000 shall remain available until expended solely for the alteration and improvement of facilities , tenant improvements , and relocation costs to consolidate Department headquarters operations at the Nebraska Avenue Complex ; and $ 17,131,000 shall remain available until expended for the Human Resources Information Technology program .
For necessary expenses of the Office of the Secretary of Homeland Security , as authorized by section 102 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 112 ) , and executive management of the Department of Homeland Security , as authorized by law , $ 149,268,000 : Provided , That not to exceed $ 60,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses , of which $ 20,000 shall be made available to the Office of Policy solely to host Visa Waiver Program negotiations in Washington , DC : Provided further , That $ 20,000,000 shall not be available for obligation for the Office of Policy until the Secretary submits an expenditure plan for the Office of Policy for fiscal year 2010 .
II
Security , enforcement , and investigations
U.S. customs and border protection
Salaries and expenses
For necessary expenses for enforcement of laws relating to border security , immigration , customs , agricultural inspections and regulatory activities related to plant and animal imports , and transportation of unaccompanied minor aliens ; purchase and lease of up to 4,500 ( 4,000 for replacement only ) police - type vehicles ; and contracting with individuals for personal services abroad ; $ 8,075,649,000 , of which $ 3,226,000 shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund for administrative expenses related to the collection of the Harbor Maintenance Fee pursuant to section 9505 ( c ) ( 3 ) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ( 26 U.S.C. 9505 ( c ) ( 3 ) ) and notwithstanding section 1511 ( e ) ( 1 ) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 551(e ) ( 1 ) ) ; of which not to exceed $ 45,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses ; of which not less than $ 309,629,000 shall be for Air and Marine Operations ; of which such sums as become available in the Customs User Fee Account , except sums subject to section 13031 ( f ) ( 3 ) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 ( 19 U.S.C. 58 c( f ) ( 3 ) ) , shall be derived from that account ; of which not to exceed $ 150,000 shall be available for payment for rental space in connection with preclearance operations ; and of which not to exceed $ 1,000,000 shall be for awards of compensation to informants , to be accounted for solely under the certificate of the Secretary of Homeland Security : Provided , That for fiscal year 2010 , the overtime limitation prescribed in section 5 ( c ) ( 1 ) of the Act of February 13 , 1911 ( 19 U.S.C. 267( c ) ( 1 ) ) shall be $ 35,000 ; and notwithstanding any other provision of law , none of the funds appropriated by this Act may be available to compensate any employee of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for overtime , from whatever source , in an amount that exceeds such limitation , except in individual cases determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security , or the designee of the Secretary , to be necessary for national security purposes , to prevent excessive costs , or in cases of immigration emergencies : Provided further , That of the total amount provided , $ 1,700,000 shall remain available until September 30 , 2011 , for the Global Advanced Passenger Information / Passenger Name Record Program .
Automation modernization For expenses for U.S. Customs and Border Protection automated systems , $ 462,445,000 , to remain available until expended , of which not less than $ 267,960,000 shall be for the development of the Automated Commercial Environment : Provided , That of the total amount made available under this heading , $ 167,960,000 may not be obligated for the Automated Commercial Environment program until 30 days after the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives receive a report on the results to date and plans for the program from the Department of Homeland Security .
Border security fencing , infrastructure , and technology For expenses for border security fencing , infrastructure , and technology , $ 800,000,000 , to remain available until expended : Provided , That of the amount provided under this heading , $ 50,000,000 shall not be obligated until the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives receive a plan for expenditure , prepared by the Secretary of Homeland Security and submitted not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act , for a program to establish and maintain a security barrier along the borders of the United States of fencing and vehicle barriers , where practicable , and other forms of tactical infrastructure and technology .
Air and marine interdiction , operations , maintenance , and procurement For necessary expenses for the operations , maintenance , and procurement of marine vessels , aircraft , unmanned aerial systems , and other related equipment of the air and marine program , including operational training and mission - related travel , the operations of which include the following : the interdiction of narcotics and other goods ; the provision of support to Federal , State , and local agencies in the enforcement or administration of laws enforced by the Department of Homeland Security ; and at the discretion of the Secretary of Homeland Security , the provision of assistance to Federal , State , and local agencies in other law enforcement and emergency humanitarian efforts , $ 515,826,000 , to remain available until expended : Provided , That no aircraft or other related equipment , with the exception of aircraft that are one of a kind and have been identified as excess to U.S. Customs and Border Protection requirements and aircraft that have been damaged beyond repair , shall be transferred to any other Federal agency , department , or office outside of the Department of Homeland Security during fiscal year 2010 without the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives .
Construction and facilities management
For necessary expenses to plan , construct , renovate , equip , and maintain buildings and facilities necessary for the administration and enforcement of the laws relating to customs and immigration , $ 316,070,000 , to remain available until expended , of which $ 39,700,000 shall be for the Advanced Training Center : Provided , That for fiscal year 2011 and thereafter , the annual budget submission of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for Construction and Facilities Management shall , in consultation with the General Services Administration , include a detailed 5 - year plan for all Federal land border port of entry projects with a yearly update of total projected future funding needs .
U.S. immigration and customs enforcement
Salaries and expenses
For necessary expenses for enforcement of immigration and customs laws , detention and removals , and investigations ; and purchase and lease of up to 3,790 ( 2,350 for replacement only ) police - type vehicles ; $ 5,360,100,000 , of which not to exceed $ 7,500,000 shall be available until expended for conducting special operations under section 3131 of the Customs Enforcement Act of 1986 ( 19 U.S.C. 2081 ) ; of which not to exceed $ 15,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses ; of which not to exceed $ 1,000,000 shall be for awards of compensation to informants , to be accounted for solely under the certificate of the Secretary of Homeland Security ; of which not less than $ 305,000 shall be for promotion of public awareness of the child pornography tipline and anti-child exploitation activities ; of which not less than $ 5,400,000 shall be used to facilitate agreements consistent with section 287 ( g ) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1357 ( g ) ) ; and of which not to exceed $ 11,216,000 shall be available to fund or reimburse other Federal agencies for the costs associated with the care , maintenance , and repatriation of smuggled aliens unlawfully present in the United States : Provided , That none of the funds made available under this heading shall be available to compensate any employee for overtime in an annual amount in excess of $ 35,000 , except that the Secretary , or the designee of the Secretary , may waive that amount as necessary for national security purposes and in cases of immigration emergencies : Provided further , That of the total amount provided , $ 15,770,000 shall be for activities in fiscal year 2010 to enforce laws against forced child labor , of which not to exceed $ 6,000,000 shall remain available until expended : Provided further , That of the total amount available , not less than $ 1,000,000,000 shall be available to identify aliens convicted of a crime , and who may be deportable , and to remove them from the United States once they are judged deportable : Provided further , That the Secretary , or the designee of the Secretary , shall report to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives , at least quarterly , on progress implementing the preceding proviso , and the funds obligated during that quarter to make that progress : Provided further , That funding made available under this heading shall maintain a level of not less than 33,400 detention beds through September 30 , 2010 : Provided further , That of the total amount provided , not less than $ 2,539,180,000 is for detention and removal operations , including transportation of unaccompanied minor aliens : Provided further , That of the total amount provided , $ 6,800,000 shall remain available until September 30 , 2011 , for the Visa Security Program : Provided further , That nothing under this heading shall prevent U.S. Immigation and Customs Enforcement from exercising those authorities provided under immigration laws ( as defined in section 101 ( a ) ( 17 ) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1101 ( a ) ( 17 ) ) ) during priority operations pertaining to aliens convicted of a crime .
Automation modernization
For expenses of immigration and customs enforcement automated systems , $ 85,000,000 , to remain available until expended : Provided , That of the funds made available under this heading , $ 10,000,000 shall not be obligated until the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives receive an expenditure plan prepared by the Secretary of Homeland Security .
Transportation security administration
Aviation security
For necessary expenses of the Transportation Security Administration related to providing civil aviation security services pursuant to the Aviation and Transportation Security Act ( Public Law 107–71 ; 115 Stat. 597 ; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note ) , $ 5,237,828,000 , to remain available until September 30 , 2011 , of which not to exceed $ 10,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses : Provided ,
That of the total amount made available under this heading , not to exceed $ 4,395,195,000 shall be for screening operations , of which $ 1,154,775,000 shall be available for explosives detection systems ; and not to exceed $ 842,633,000 shall be for aviation security direction and enforcement : Provided further , That of the amount made available in the preceding proviso for explosives detection systems , $ 806,669,000 shall be available for the purchase and installation of these systems , of which not less than 28 percent shall be available for the purchase and installation of certified explosives detection systems at medium - and small - sized airports : Provided further , That any award to deploy explosives detection systems shall be based on risk , the airports current reliance on other screening solutions , lobby congestion resulting in increased security concerns , high injury rates , airport readiness , and increased cost effectiveness : Provided further , That security service fees authorized under section 44940 of title 49 , United States Code , shall be credited to this appropriation as offsetting collections and shall be available only for aviation security : Provided further , That any funds collected and made available from aviation security fees pursuant to section 44940 ( i ) of title 49 , United States Code , may , notwithstanding paragraph ( 4 ) of such section 44940 ( i ) , be expended for the purpose of improving screening at airport screening checkpoints , which may include the purchase and utilization of emerging technology equipment ; the refurbishment and replacement of current equipment ; the installation of surveillance systems to monitor checkpoint activities ; the modification of checkpoint infrastructure to support checkpoint reconfigurations ; and the creation of additional checkpoints to screen aviation passengers and airport personnel : Provided further , That the sum appropriated under this heading from the general fund shall be reduced on a dollar - for - dollar basis as such offs etting collections are received during fiscal year 2010 , so as to result in a final fiscal year appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $ 3,137,828,000 : Provided further , That any security service fees collected in excess of the amount made available under this heading shall become available during fiscal year 2011 : Provided further , That Members of the United States House of Representatives and United States Senate , including the leadership ; the heads of Federal agencies and commissions , including the Secretary , Deputy Secretary , Under Secretaries , and Assistant Secretaries of the Department of Homeland Security ; the United States Attorney General and Assistant Attorneys General and the United States attorneys ; and senior members of the Executive Office of the President , including the Director of the Office of Management and Budget ; shall not be exempt from Federal passenger and baggage screening .
Surface transportation security
For necessary expenses of the Transportation Security Administration related to providing surface transportation security activities , $ 142,616,000 , to remain available until September 30 , 2011 .
Transportation threat assessment and credentialing
For necessary expenses for the development and implementation of screening programs of the Office of Transportation Threat Assessment and Credentialing , $ 171,999,000 , to remain available until September 30 , 2011 .
Transportation security support
For necessary expenses of the Transportation Security Administration related to providing transportation security support and intelligence pursuant to the Aviation and Transportation Security Act ( Public Law 107–71 ; 115 Stat. 597 ; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note ) , $ 999,580,000 , to remain available until September 30 , 2011 : Provided , That of the funds appropriated under this heading , $ 20,000,000 may not be obligated for headquarters administration until the Secretary of Homeland Security submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives detailed expenditure plans for air cargo security , and for checkpoint support and explosives detection systems refurbishment , procurement , and installations on an airport - by - airport basis for fiscal year 2010 : Provided further , That these plans shall be submitted no later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act .
Federal air marshals
For necessary expenses of the Federal Air Marshals , $ 860,111,000 .
Coast guard
Operating expenses
For necessary expenses for the operation and maintenance of the Coast Guard , not otherwise provided for ; purchase or lease of not to exceed 25 passenger motor vehicles , which shall be for replacement only ; for purchase or lease of small boats for contingent and emergent requirements ( at a unit cost of no more than $ 700,000 ) and for repairs and service - life replacements , not to exceed a total of $ 26,000,000 ; minor shore construction projects not exceeding $ 1,000,000 in total cost at any location ; payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377 ( 42 U.S.C. 402 note ; 96 Stat. 1920 ) ; and recreation and welfare ; $ 6,838,291,000 , of which $ 581,503,000 shall be for defense - related activities , $ 241,503,000 of which are designated as being for overseas deployments and other activities pursuant to sections 401 ( c ) ( 4 ) and 423( a ) ( 1 ) of S. Con. Res. 13 ( 111th Congress ) , the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2010 ; of which $ 24,500,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012 ( a ) ( 5 ) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 ( 33 U.S.C. 2712 ( a ) ( 5 ) ) ; of which not to exceed $ 20,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses ; and of which $ 3,600,000 shall be available until expended for the cost of repairing , rehabilitating , altering , modifying , and making improvements , including customized tenant improvements , to any replacement or expanded Operations Systems Center facility : Provided , That none of the funds made available by this or any other Act shall be available for administrative expenses in connection with shipping commissioners in the United States : Provided further , That none of the funds made available by this Act shall be for expenses incurred for recreational vessels under section 12114 of title 46 , United States Code , except to the extent fees are collected from yacht owners and credited to this appropriation : Provided further , That the Coast Guard shall comply with the requirements of section 527 of Public Law 108 –136 with respect to the Coast Guard Academy : Provided further , That of the funds provided under this heading , $ 30,000,000 is withheld from obligation from Headquarters Directorates until the second quarter acquisition report required by Public Law 108–7 and the fiscal year 2008 joint explanatory statement accompanying Public Law 110 – 161 is received by the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives .
Environmental compliance and restoration
For necessary expenses to carry out the environmental compliance and restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of title 14 , United States Code , $ 13,198,000 , to remain available until expended .
Reserve training
For necessary expenses of the Coast Guard Reserve , as authorized by law ; operations and maintenance of the reserve program ; personnel and training costs ; and equipment and services ; $ 133,632,000 .
Acquisition , construction , and improvements
For necessary expenses of acquisition , construction , renovation , and improvement of aids to navigation , shore facilities , vessels , and aircraft , including equipment related thereto ; and maintenance , rehabilitation , lease and operation of facilities and equipment , as authorized by law ; $ 1,597,580,000 , of which $ 20,000,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012 ( a ) ( 5 ) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 ( 33 U.S.C. 2712 ( a ) ( 5 ) ) ; of which $ 123,000,000 shall be available until September 30 , 2014 , to acquire , repair , renovate , or improve vessels , small boats , and related equipment ; of which $ 147,500,000 shall be available until September 30 , 2012 , for other equipment ; of which $ 27,100,000 shall be available until September 30 , 2012 , for shore facilities and aids to navigation facilities , including not less than $ 300,000 for the Coast Guard Academy Pier and not less than $ 16,800,000 for Coast Guard Station Cleveland Harbor ; of which $ 105 , 200,000 shall be available for personnel compensation and benefits and related costs ; and of which $ 1,194,780,000 shall be available until September 30 , 2014 , for the Integrated Deepwater Systems program : Provided ,
That of the funds made available for the Integrated Deepwater Systems program , $ 305,500,000 is for aircraft and $ 734,680,000 is for surface ships : Provided further , That the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives , in conjunction with the President 's fiscal year 2011 budget , a review of the Revised Deepwater Implementation Plan that identifies any changes to the plan for the fiscal year ; an annual performance comparison of Integrated Deepwater Systems program assets to pre-Deepwater legacy assets ; a status report of legacy assets ; a detailed explanation of how the costs of legacy assets are being accounted for within the Integrated Deepwater Systems program ; and the earned value management system gold card data for each Integrated Deepwater Systems program asset : Provided further , That the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a comprehensive review of the Revised Deepwater Implementation Plan every 5 years , beginning in fiscal year 2011 , that includes a complete projection of the acquisition costs and schedule for the duration of the plan through fiscal year 2027 : Provided further , That the Secretary shall annually submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives , at the time that the President 's budget is submitted under section 1105 ( a ) of title 31 , United States Code , a future - years capital investment plan for the Coast Guard that identifies for each capital budget line item — ( 1 ) the proposed appropriation included in that budget ; ( 2 ) the total estimated cost of completion ; ( 3 ) projected funding levels for each fiscal year for the next 5 fiscal years or until project completion , whichever is earlier ; ( 4 ) an estimated completion date at the projected funding levels ; and ( 5 ) changes , if any , in the total estimated cost of completion or estimated completion date from previous future - years capital investment plans submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives : Provided further , That the Secretary shall ensure that amounts specified in the future - years capital investment plan are consistent to the maximum extent practicable with proposed appropriations necessary to support the programs , projects , and activities of the Coast Guard in the President 's budget as submitted under section 1105 ( a ) of title 31 , United States Code , for that fiscal year : Provided further , That any inconsistencies between the capital investment plan and proposed appropriations shall be identified and justified : Provided further , That subsections ( a ) and ( b ) of section 6402 of the U.S. Troop Readiness , Veterans ' Care , Katrina Recovery , and Iraq Accountability Appropriations Act , 2007 ( Public Law 110 – 28 ) shall apply to fiscal year 2010 .
Alteration of bridges
For necessary expenses for alteration or removal of obstructive bridges , as authorized by section 6 of the Truman - Hobbs Act ( 33 U.S.C. 516 ) , $ 4,000,000 , to remain available until expended : Provided , That of the amounts made available under this heading , $ 4,000,000 shall be for the Fort Madison Bridge in Fort Madison , Iowa .
Research , development , test , and evaluation For necessary expenses for applied scientific research , development , test , and evaluation ; and for maintenance , rehabilitation , lease , and operation of facilities and equipment ; as authorized by law ; $ 29,745,000 , to remain available until expended , of which $ 500,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012 ( a ) ( 5 ) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 ( 33 U.S.C. 2712 ( a ) ( 5 ) ) : Provided ,
That there may be credited to and used for the purposes of this appropriation funds received from State and local governments , other public authorities , private sources , and foreign countries for expenses incurred for research , development , testing , and evaluation .
Retired pay
For retired pay , including the payment of obligations otherwise chargeable to lapsed appropriations for this purpose , payments under the Retired Serviceman 's Family Protection and Survivor Benefits Plans , payment for career status bonuses , concurrent receipts and combat - related special compensation under the National Defense Authorization Act , and payments for medical care of retired personnel and their dependents under chapter 55 of title 10 , United States Code , $ 1,361,245,000 , to remain available until expended .
United states secret service
salaries and expenses
For necessary expenses of the United States Secret Service , including purchase of not to exceed 652 vehicles for police - type use , of which 652 shall be for replacement only , and hire of passenger motor vehicles ; purchase of motorcycles made in the United States ; hire of aircraft ; services of expert witnesses at such rates as may be determined by the Director of the Secret Service ; rental of buildings in the District of Columbia , and fencing , lighting , guard booths , and other facilities on private or other property not in Government ownership or control , as may be necessary to perform protective functions ; payment of per diem or subsistence allowances to employees where a protective assignment during the actual day or days of the visit of a protectee requires an employee to work 16 hours per day or to remain overnight at a post of duty ; conduct of and participation in firearms matches ; presentation of awards ; travel of United States Secret Service employees on protective missions without regard to the limitations on such expenditures in this or any other Act if approval is obtained in advance from the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives ; research and development ; grants to conduct behavioral research in support of protective research and operations ; and payment in advance for commercial accommodations as may be necessary to perform protective functions ; $ 1,482,709,000 ; of which not to exceed $ 25,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses ; of which not to exceed $ 100,000 shall be to provide technical assistance and equipment to foreign law enforcement organizations in counterfeit investigations ; of which $ 2,366,000 shall be for forensic and related support of investigations of missing and exploited children ; and of which $ 6,000,000 shall be for a grant for activities related to the investigations of missing and exploited children and shall remain available until expended : Provided , That up to $ 18,000,000 provided for protective travel shall remain available until September 30 , 2011 : Provided further , That up to $ 1,000,000 for National Special Security Events shall remain available until expended : Provided further , That the United States Secret Service is authorized to obligate funds in anticipation of reimbursements from Federal agencies and entities , as defined in section 105 of title 5 , United States Code , receiving training sponsored by the James J. Rowley Training Center , except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budgetary resources available under this heading at the end of the fiscal year : Provided further , That none of the funds made available under this heading shall be available to compensate any employee for overtime in an annual amount in excess of $ 35,000 , except that the Secretary of Homeland Security , or the designee of the Secretary , may waive that amount as necessary for national security purposes : Provided further , That none of the funds appropriated to the United States Secret Service by this Act or by previous appropriations
Acts may be made available for the protection of the head of a Federal agency other than the Secretary of Homeland Security : Provided further , That the Director of the United States Secret Service may enter into an agreement to perform such service on a fully reimbursable basis : Provided further , That the United States Secret Service shall open an international field office in Tallinn , Estonia to combat electronic crimes with funds made available under this heading in Public Law 110 –329 : Provided further , That $ 4,040,000 shall not be made available for obligation until enactment into law of authorizing legislation that incorporates the authorities of the United States Secret Service Uniformed Division into the United States Code , including restructuring the United States Secret Service Uniformed Division ’s pay chart .
BRUNSWICK , Georgia ( CNN ) -- Guy Heinze Jr. , the son of one of the victims of last week 's killings of eight people in a southeast Georgia mobile home , has been arrested on eight counts of first degree murder , police said Friday .
Guy Heinze Jr. faces eight first degree murder charges related to a shooting at a Georgia mobile home .
Investigators obtained an arrest warrant Friday evening for Heinze , 22 , just hours after he had been freed from jail on charges of tampering with evidence and making false statements to a police officer , Glynn County , Georgia , Police Chief Matt Doering said .
" I can assure you that this person is responsible , " Doering said at a news conference Friday evening .
The bodies were discovered last Saturday at New Hope Plantation mobile home park , north of the Atlantic coastal city of Brunswick .
Seven died in the mobile home , and the eighth died Sunday at a hospital .
Doering refused to reveal how the victims were killed or the suspected motive .
A 3 - year - old who was injured struggles on life support at a Savannah hospital , her grandmother said .
Heinze , who is unemployed , told police he was not home when the killings occurred .
Watch sheriff describe attack as " the most heinous crime we 've ever had in the community " »
According to the earlier arrest warrant , Heinze provided " investigators with false and misleading information about his whereabouts and involvement in the circumstances leading up to him calling 911 to report the deaths of his family members . "
The arrest warrant also said he removed a shotgun from the residence and hid it in the trunk of his car .
A man identified as Heinze reported the slayings .
He told an emergency dispatcher when he called Saturday , " I was out last night .
I got home just now , and everybody 's dead .
...
My whole family 's dead .
It looks like they 've been beaten to death . "
Listen to the 911 call »
Seven of the eight victims will be buried Saturday , as a 3 - year - old who was injured struggles to survive at a Savannah hospital .
The toddler 's grieving grandmother , Diane Isenhower , who lost four of her children in the rampage , said the child is on life support .
Police said seven of the victims died in the mobile home , and the eighth died Sunday at a hospital .
The funeral for Joseph L. West , 30 , is to be held at mid-month .
For the other seven , viewing was scheduled for Friday night , and a funeral is to be held Saturday afternoon at Youngs Island Church in Eulonia , Georgia .
West was the boyfriend of Chrissy Toler , 22 , who died along with her father , Russell D. Toler Sr. , 44 , and three siblings : Michelle Toler , 15 ; Michael Toler , 19 ; and Russell D. Toler Jr. , 20 .
Michael Toler had Down syndrome .
Russell Toler Sr. and Isenhower were divorced .
Also killed were Guy Heinze Sr. , 45 and Brenda Gail Falagan , 49 , police said .
Clint Rowe , whose wife is Isenhower 's sister , said the family was having trouble coping with the losses and noted that police , too , were affected .
" They 're the ones who walked in on that , so you know it wears on the police as well , " he said .
Referring to Isenhower , he added , " It has been a long week for her .
She 's lost all of her family , so naturally it would be . "
" They 're just as nice as they could be , " Rowe said of the victims .
" Friendly folks .
Down - to - earth folks . "
Watch Rowe talk about the killings »
Russell Toler Sr. , who worked at a nearby factory , was a generous man who allowed relatives facing financial and health problems to live with him .
There were 10 people in the mobile home , and their combined salaries were low , Rowe said .
Among them was Toler 's sister , Falagan , who was in a wheelchair .
Police have not said how the victims died , although autopsies were completed Monday .
The bodies were discovered Saturday at New Hope Plantation mobile home park , north of the Atlantic coastal city of Brunswick .
Police have released few details of the crime scene .
Doering acknowledged that there is fear in the community but said that releasing details of the slayings wo n't allay it .
" We , too , have that same fear .
We 're the ones that have to get out there and try to make people feel better as best that we can , " he said .
CNN 's Sean Calebs contributed to this report .
All About Georgia • Murder and Homicide
In a recent poll conducted by Daily Kos/ Research2000 , Maine voters chose to overturn gay marriage by a slim 48 % - 46 % with a margin of error of plus or minus 4 points .
Voters were asked the question :
As you may know there will be one question on the ballot this November in Maine addressing the issue of same - sex unions .
In part it will read “ Do you want to reject the new law that lets same - sex couples marry ? ”
A yes vote takes away the right of same - sex couples to marry .
A no vote keeps the right of same - sex couples to marry .
If the election were held today would you vote YES or NO on this question ?
Results below :
Marc Muty , chairman of Stand for Marriage Maine which supports overturning marriage equality responded to the numbers :
“ The poll results will likely galvanize our opponents to continue to call us fear - mongoring liars , even as legal scholars and other experts in the field — including some in our opponent ’s own camp — independently raise the serious negative effects and conflicts inherent in legalizing homosexual marriage …
As our opponents continue to duck the real issues of the campaign in favor of name - calling , and independent experts substantiate our claims about the negative consequences of LD 1020 becoming law , we have every confidence that we will win the hearts and minds of Mainers on November 3rd . ”
Unfortunately , it ’s starting to feel like California to me …
Post by ILO on 09/18/09 at 4:48 pm
MILWAUKEE PERSONAL INJURY LAWYER
If you are injured because someone else acts carelessly , recklessly or in violation of a legal duty , you may be entitled to compensation .
At Aiken & Scoptur , S.C. , our experienced Milwaukee personal injury lawyers have a proven track record of obtaining substantial settlements and verdicts for clients who have been injured in all types of accidents and other circumstances .
Decades of Experience with Personal Injury Claims in Milwaukee
Because insurance companies aggressively protect their bottom line , often the best way to get the full amount you are entitled to is to work with an attorney who is prepared to take your case to trial if necessary .
Our firm has helped clients win settlements in various fields , including the following :
The researchers said one of the most surprising findings was how successful low - wage employers were in pressuring workers not to file for workers ’ compensation .
Only 8 percent of those who suffered serious injuries on the job filed for compensation to pay for medical care and missed days at work stemming from those injuries .
“ The conventional wisdom has been that to the extent there were violations , it was confined to a few rogue employers or to especially disadvantaged workers , like undocumented immigrants , ” said Nik Theodore , an author of the study and a professor of urban planning and policy at the University of Illinois , Chicago .
“ What our study shows is that this is a widespread phenomenon across the low - wage labor market in the United States . ”
According to the study , 39 percent of those surveyed were illegal immigrants , 31 percent legal immigrants and 30 percent native - born Americans .
The study found that 26 percent of the workers had been paid less than the minimum wage the week before being surveyed and that one in seven had worked off the clock the previous week .
In addition , 76 percent of those who had worked overtime the week before were not paid their proper overtime , the researchers found .
The new study , “ Broken Laws , Unprotected Workers , ” was conducted in the first half of 2008 , before the brunt of the recession hit .
The median wage of the workers surveyed was $ 8.02 an hour  supervisors were not surveyed  with more than three - quarters of those interviewed earning less than $ 10 an hour .
When the survey was conducted , the minimum wage was $ 7.15 in New York State , $ 7.50 in Illinois and $ 8 in California .
WASHINGTON -- U.S. spy agencies are considering whether to rewrite a controversial 2007 intelligence report that asserted Tehran halted its efforts to build nuclear weapons in 2003 , current and former U.S. intelligence officials say .
The intelligence agencies ' rethink comes as pressure is mounting on Capitol Hill , and among U.S. allies , for the Obama administration to redo the 2007 assessment , after a string of recent revelations about Tehran 's nuclear program .
German , French and British intelligence agencies have all disputed the conclusions of the 2007 National Intelligence Estimate , or NIE , in recent months , according to European officials briefed on the exchanges .
Intelligence on the state of Iran 's nuclear capabilities has for years been politically fraught within Washington and among U.S. allies and international institutions like the International Atomic Energy Agency .
Rewriting an NIE is a major undertaking because it is the most comprehensive of U.S. intelligence reports and reflects the combined judgment of all 16 American intelligence bodies .
The American Dream Built on Debt , Living in Beverly Hills
For the last three decades millions of Americans have been living in Beverly Hills .
How can this be ?
Only 35,000 people reside in Beverly Hills , California .
Millions have acted like they live in Beverly Hills , where the median household income is $ 125,000 .
The median household income in the United States is $ 50,000 .
There are 116 million households in the United States .
Only 12 million households have income of $ 125,000 or more .
There are 60 million households making less than $ 50,000 .
Why should n’t the 60 million households be entitled to live like the top 10 % ?
This is America , where the American Dream of wealth and riches is achievable .
Just one small problem .
Millions chose to live like the privileged Beverly Hills elite without doing the difficult work to earn their way into the top 10 % .
They made these dreadful decisions of their own free will .
No one forced millions of Americans to borrow and spend like drunken soldiers .
It appears that the psychology of the nation transformed in the early 1980’s .
Was it the optimistic message of “ Morning in America ” preached to the country by Ronald Reagan ?
Was it the fact that the youngest Baby Boomers were turning 35 , entering their prime spending years ?
Or , was it the long - term decline in interest rates from 18 % to 1 % over two decades ?
Whatever the rationale , millions are now drowning in deep pool of debt .
Auto Nation
Where I come from is n't all that great
My automobile is a piece of crap
My fashion sense is a little whack
And my friends are just as screwy as me
Living in Beverly Hills - Weezer
I spend 500 hours per year in my car commuting on the Schuykill Expressway to and from work .
In my spare time , I ’ve calculated that I will spend at least a year of my life in traffic before I retire .
While commuting at 5 mph on the Schuykill , I ca n’t help but survey the cars I ’m sharing the road with .
There are thousands jamming the highways in the Philadelphia area .
There are 230 million cars in the U.S. and approximately 200 million drivers .
We are a car crazed nation , with the number of cars per person 40 % higher than Europe , 500 % higher than China and 6,200 % more than India .
In 1970 , when I was seven years old , the number of cars per 1,000 people was 529 .
Today it is 765 , a 45 % increase in three decades .
Suburban dwellers have a love affair with their cars .
The average price of a new car exceeds $ 30,000 today .
That is a nice chunk of change .
I have a mental block paying that much money for an asset , that losses 20 % of its value in the 1st year of ownership .
My price limit is $ 20,000 .
I finance my cars over 4 years and try to get 10 years out of them .
The 6 years of no payments goes directly into savings .
My frugality regarding cars probably harks back to my father buying used cars during my entire childhood .
Cars were a means of transportation , not a symbol of success .
It appears to me that expensive luxury cars are an attempt at filling a psychological or emotional void in people ’s lives .
We spend half our lives in cubicles or offices and the other half in our shielded houses with gates and fences to keep people at a distance .
The only time we are seen by others is on the highways and byways .
An expensive sports car tells the world you are a success .
A luxury car is a futile attempt at increasing your perceived happiness .
Your fashion sense may be a little whack , but your car is n’t a piece of crap .
This brings me to the conundrum that has confounded me as I drive to work each day .
There appears to be many more BMW and Mercedes vehicles on the road than people with enough income to own one of these vehicles .
How can this be ?
I was befuddled .
After a little research it became quite clear .
The graphs below tell the whole sordid story .
Borrow today , live like a Beverly Hills hotshot , roll the loan or lease into the next loan or lease in 3 years , and do n’t be troubled about the future .
According to the Federal Reserve , consumer non-revolving debt grew from $ 300 billion in 1980 to $ 1.6 trillion today .
About $ 1 trilion of this is auto loans .
The average automobile loan today is for 63 months , with some going as high as 84 months , compared with an average of less than 48 months in the early 1990s .
In 1997 banks financed an average 89 % of a new vehicle 's price .
The average loan amount was $ 17,000 .
In 2007 banks financed 101 % of a new vehicle ’s price , since consumers borrowed to cover the amount they were upside down on their trade - in .
The average loan amount is now $ 29,000 .
A full 40 % of all trade - ins involve upside - down car loans .
The average American car “ owner ” is in debt up to their eyeballs and upside down on their loan , but at least they look like a million bucks in the eyes of their neighbors and co-workers .
Looking marvelous is what passes for achievement today .
Of course , it takes two to tango .
A car buyer with no money would n’t be able to drive that beautiful BMW X5 or that Mercedes ML350 unless someone loans them the money to do so .
This is where the creative geniuses from Wall Street entered the picture .
Auto loans were securitized into packages and sold off to investors .
The banks and finance companies who initiated the loans did not care if the loans went bad .
Their sole intent was to move cars off the lots , not lose sleep about silly details like credit scores , income , or ability to pay back the loan .
It worked wonders for the car companies .
Annual sales rolled along at a 16 million per year clip .
Car executives and bankers made ungodly salaries and bonuses .
Then reality set in .
Many borrowers could n’t really afford their loans .
Delinquency rates have soared to all time highs in the 10 % range and are headed higher .
The securitization market froze and annual sales have plunged below 10 million units .
Another Wall Street success story .
The ability of car companies to make payments extremely low through long - term loans and leases is the reason an average Joe making $ 50,000 per year can drive a BMW and resemble someone making $ 150,000 per year .
Chrysler and Ford generated 20 % of their car sales through leases , while GM led the pack at 40 % of their sales .
Many of these leases were for SUVs and other giant gas guzzlers .
When gas prices soared in 2008 , the residual value of these gas guzzlers plummeted as the resale market disappeared .
Ford and Chrysler have written off billions .
The king of the hill , GMAC accumulated $ 33 billion of lease assets and is slowly but surely writting off $ 14 million of these “ assets ” , while the taxpayer funds their future bad leases .
Leases have made it possible for millions of Americans to drive the hottest luxurious wheels their limited cash budgets would not permit them to buy .
Auto makers loved leases because they could sell higher - priced vehicles , which generate a gusher of profits in the short - term .
By piling on inducements of their own , such as rebates or 0 % financing deals , auto makers were able to subsidize consumers ' lease payments further .
As a result , Americans have been able to have access to vehicles their parents never envisioned driving .
Leases allowed anyone to look like a rock - star , driving luxury sedans , sports cars and Hummers costing $ 40,000 to $ 60,000 .
The Wall Street Journal describes a common scenario :
For Richelle Babcock , a mother of two young boys in Ann Arbor , Mich. , leasing has made it possible to get new cars every couple of years .
A few years ago , she took advantage of a trade - in deal and other incentives Chrysler was offering and got a $ 180 - a- month lease on a 2006 Jeep Commander with a sticker price of about $ 35,000 .
There 's " no way , " Ms. Babcock says , that she would have bought the Commander outright .
" I do n't want to have to own it and drive it forever . "
Indeed , in December she turned it in and instead leased a new 2008 Commander .
Her payment roughly doubled , but that 's mainly because the lease is much less restrictive about her annual mileage .
I ’d like to ask Ms. Babcock a couple questions .
Does she have college education funds set up for her two young boys ?
Does she have an emergency fund of 6 months of living expenses ?
How much does she have in her retirement account ?
I ’m sure she would be offended by such questions .
It ’s her right to get a brand new car every two years .
These are the people who ca n’t distinguish a need from a want .
This brings me to the chapter in this horror story that really sticks in my craw .
I drive through West Philadelphia every day .
The neighborhoods are decrepit , with boarded up houses , trash strewn vacant lots , grade schools that resemble prisons , and a substantial number of unemployed folks shuffling about from morning to night .
These neighborhoods appear to have five times as many BMWs and Mercedes as my suburban upper middle class neighborhood .
According to the U.S. Census , West Philly is a predominantly Black neighborhood , with a large proportion of unmarried high school dropouts living in poverty , occupying dilapidated houses with Direct TV dishes on their roofs .
According to the U.S. Census , my neighborhood is occupied by people who are five times higher on the income scale .
The August unemployment figures from the BLS show that the unemployment rate for Black men is 17.0 % versus 10.6 % last August and versus 9.3 % for White men .
The unemployment rate for Black teenagers is 34.7 % .
With these figures , you would expect unrest , looting , and riots in West Philly .
The civil unrest has n’t happened in West Philly or anywhere else .
I think I ’ve figured out why .
Just picture a 20 year old unemployed Black man calling his homies on his iPhone urging them to drag themselves away from staring at their 52 inch HDTVs with 600 stations on their Direct TV network , hop into their BMW X5 , and drive over to the comprehensive healthcare riots .
It ’s not happening .
Our elected officials , Federal Reserve and banking cartel have chosen to buy off the poor at the expense of the middle class , so the rich can get richer .
Easy money allows the poor to live like the rich .
This explains why people in West Philly are able to drive $ 50,000 one year old BMWs , while I choose to drive an 8 year old CRV with 130,000 miles .
My choice was to finance my $ 20,000 car over 4 years at 7 % .
I had a $ 500 monthly payment for 4 years and then was able to save $ 500 per month for the next 6 years , banking $ 36,000 in savings .
The auto financing companies GMAC , Ford Credit , and Chrysler Credit offer rebate incentives , 7 year loans , and 0 % interest to entice everyone to drive BMWs and Mercedes for a monthly payment below $ 500 .
The poor are more likely drawn to three year leases with even lower monthly payments .
You can lease a BMW for $ 399 per month or lower .
Once you are lured into 3 year leases or 7 year loans , you are ensnared in a lifetime car payment , never saving a dime .
Over 4 decades , my method will leave me with $ 200,000 of savings .
A perpetual car payment will leave you with $ 0 of savings .
Millions have chosen this negligent path .
Not only did they pursue this path , they hurtled themselves down the path with gusto by borrowing against their houses to buy cars .
The numb - nuts in California and Florida were the worst offenders .
A drug addict still needs a dealer to get their fix .
Politicians in Washington with their cohorts in crime , the Federal Reserve and the banking cartel , provided the drug of easy money .
The unholy combination of a psychological need to appear successful and easy money has created a deadly recipe for those in the middle class who drive their modest cars for 10 years and save for the future .
The black magic of securitization has allowed banks and finance companies to bestow credit card cards and car loans to high school dropouts making $ 20,000 per year in West Philly with no concern about getting repaid .
They packaged this future bad debt , paid off Moody ’s and S&P to rate it AAA , and dumped it on suckers throughout the world .
Now , auto loan delinquency rates are at all time highs , 1.7 million cars were repossessed in 2008 , with another 2 million likely to be repossessed in 2009 .
The underprivileged people in West Philadelphia do n’t comprehend that politicians and bankers are actually keeping them entrapped in poverty by providing them with easy credit and persuading them that making perpetual payments for cars , TVs , and other material goods is a normal lifestyle .
When reality sets in and these people stop making their payments , no trouble for them .
As the financial system came crashing down due to the millions of bad loans made by the banking cartel , their protectors Hank ( Goldman ) Paulson and Ben ( Helicopter ) Bernanke funneled TRILLIONS of your tax dollars and your children ’s tax dollars and their children ’s tax dollars to the banks that committed these crimes .
The poor people in West Philly do n’t pay taxes , so they got to drive BMWs and watch 52 inch TVs for awhile , and are left relatively unscathed .
The middle class is paying the bill , losing millions of jobs , while seeing their 401 ks drop by 40 % and they are still driving their 10 year old cars .
Government now wants you to pay more so the poor will have health insurance when they get injured in a BMW accident .
What ’s My Payment ?
I did n't go to boarding schools
Preppy girls never looked at me
Why should they , I ain't nobody
Got nothing in my pocket
Living in Beverly Hills - Weezer
For the last three decades you did n’t need anything in your pocket to attract a preppy girl .
You just needed to whip out one of your 10 credit cards and act like a Beverly Hills hotshot .
Cash was for suckers .
Credit cards are so easy to use .
You just pull it out , buy whatever you desire at that moment and make a minimum payment every month until infinity .
We ’ve become a minimum payment nation .
If you can handle the minimum payment , it ’s yours .
In 2006 , the Census Bureau determined that there were nearly 1.5 billion credit cards in use in the U.S.
A stack of all those credit cards would reach more than 70 miles into space -- and be almost as tall as 13 Mount Everests .
Consumer credit debt has risen from $ 400 billion in 1980 to $ 2.5 trillion today .
Consumers have an average of 5.4 credit cards with $ 973 billion outstanding .
The average outstanding credit card debt for households that have a credit card was $ 10,679 at the end of 2008 .
The average American with a credit file is responsible for $ 16,635 in debt , excluding mortgages , according to Experian .
The most fascinating fact is that the top 10 U.S. credit card issuers held an 87.55 % market share of $ 973 billion in general purpose card outstanding in 2008 .
These 10 banks are coincidently the same banks that brought down the financial system ( Bank of America , Citicorp , JP Morgan Chase , Wells Fargo , Capital One , HSBC , American Express , Discover , US Bank , USAA ) .
Consumer Credit Debt
It has taken Americans three decades of overspending and under - saving to get into this pickle .
As you may notice , consumer credit debt is $ 2.5 trillion and has barely budged downward .
The pundits and economists predicting a strong economic recovery are blind to the truths of consumer debt .
With actual unemployment exceeding 16.8 % , 9 million people forced to work part - time wanting to work full - time , the work week at all time lows , and banks shutting down credit lines , consumers will be reducing or defaulting on their debt for years .
With 70 % of the economy dependent on consumer spending , there is absolutely no chance of a strong recovery .
Household debt service payments as a percentage of disposable income reached a peak of 14.2 % in 2007 and have plunged all the way to 13.5 % today .
Disposable income is plunging as people without jobs do n’t have anything to dispose of .
A paradigm shift is occurring and the mainstream media , mainstream economists , and clueless politicians running this country do not understand the implications .
Three decades of debt accumulation is not resolved in two years .
It will take decades of reduced spending , paying down debt , and writing off debt .
The Federal Reserve , banking cartel , and politicians are franticly attempting to make consumers borrow and spend with TARP , TALF , Cash for Clunkers , and numerous other debt increasing gimmicks .
The consumer is tapped out .
The median 401 k balance in the U.S. is $ 26,000 .
Boomers realize they are 60 years old and have $ 50,000 of retirement savings and $ 30,000 of credit card debt .
They are learning the brutal lesson of needs versus wants .
The implications are disastrous for those dependent on a consumer spending society ( i.e. retailers , restaurants , hotels , car makers , homebuilders ) .
There are 25 % of households in the U.S. with no credit cards .
Of those with a credit card , 30 % pay off their balances each month .
These are the people that have chosen to live within their means .
They understand the difference between needs and wants .
They appreciate the notion of delayed gratification .
You buy things when you can afford them .
You live a life of thrift and frugality , save for your family ’s future , and live within the parameters of a budget .
What a concept .
The TARP accepting banks that control 87 % of the credit card market are recording losses on an unprecedented scale .
But no need to worry , the middle class tax payers come to the rescue again .
Orwell must be rolling in his grave at the government originated Troubled Asset Relief Program .
“ Troubled ” is an Orwellian word to describe debt that was knowingly issued by banks to people who would never pay it back in order to generate outrageous fees and bonuses for the executives issuing the debt .
When the debt predictably went bad , “ Relief ” was provided to the criminal bankers on the backs of the taxpaying middle class .
Bank of America , Wells Fargo and JP Morgan are bigger than they were before the financial crisis , their executives are still making millions , their “ assets ” are still “ troubled ” , and we continue to pay the bill , as will our children and grandchildren .
Do n’t worry .
Ken Lewis , Vikram Pandit and Jamie Dimon ’s grandchildren will inherit hundreds of millions of your tax dollars from their banker grandpas .
I Wanna Be Just Like A King
Beverly Hills ...
That 's where I want to be !
( gimme , gimme )
Living in Beverly Hills ...
Beverly Hills ...
Rolling like a celebrity !
( gimme , gimme )
Living in Beverly Hills ...
Look at all those movie stars
They 're all so beautiful and clean
When the housemaids scrub the floors
They get the spaces in between
I wanna live a life like that
I wanna be just like a king
Take my picture by the pool
Cause I 'm the next big thing
Living in Beverly Hills - Weezer
The 8,000 square foot castle - like McMansions are the symbol of extravagance and excess that represent the worst of America ’s hyper - consumerism culture .
Even though the family unit has gotten smaller since 1970 , the average home size has grown from 1,400 sq ft to 2,500 sq ft .
McMansions are clearly not necessary due to family size .
Essentially , it is another example of Boomers attempting to show the world they are successful .
The bigger and gaudier the house the more flourishing you appear .
This psychological need for approval combined with the big lie pushed by the National Association of Realtors that a house is always a great investment to generate the biggest housing bubble in history .
One glance at Robert Shiller ’s chart showing home prices versus population growth and CPI , proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that we have experienced a manic increase in house prices .
It is also unambiguous that the downward spiral is not nearly complete .
The housing cheerleaders continue to forecast a housing recovery that is still 5 years in the future .
It is mind boggling that home prices could have surged that high while owner ’s equity has plunged from 70 % in 1980 to 45 % .
People did n’t earn the McMansions , they borrowed them .
The Federal Reserve created spiral in prices upward has trapped millions of late comers in houses that are worth 20 % to 30 % less than the mortgage debt that is strangling them .
Over 16 million home occupiers ( not homeowners ) are underwater in their mortgage .
The decisions to buy houses with nothing down , using option ARM loans , were free choices made by people who should have known better .
The decisions to make subprime loans to people making $ 30,000 , to make no - doc loans , and to not verify income or assets were purposefully done to enrich the bankers , mortgage brokers , and real estate agents .
The $ 10.5 trillion of mortgage debt will need to be paid down or written off over many years , before the housing market will reach equilibrium again .
The dream of living like a king in Beverly Hills has come to a shattering conclusion .
As mortgage delinquencies soar to all - time high levels , the kings are being led kicking and screaming to the foreclosure guillotine .
Neighborhoods of McMansions in California , Phoenix , Florida , and Las Vegas are weed infested crime ridden high end ghettos .
The American dream of home ownership spouted by George Bush and legislated through Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac has turned into a debt induced nightmare .
MORTGAGE DELINQUENCIES
The Alt - A reset crisis which will begin in 2010 and not crest until 2013 is coming down the tracks at a swift pace .
The credit criteria used by the banks that doled out Alt - A loans were as lax as the subprime loans that precipitated this crisis .
These loans already have delinquency rates of 33 % , even before these resets kick in .
There is no evading this calamity .
There is also no doubt how the Federal Reserve , Treasury , and government politicians will handle this next emergency .
If you have lived in a modest home , made your mortgage payments , did n’t use your home equity to buy a Mercedes ML350 , and pay your taxes , the government will seize your taxes again and dispense them to the profligate borrowers and criminal bankers .
You will pay your mortgage and the mortgages on millions of other houses .
Alt - A Loan Resets
Give Me Something I Need
No I do n't - I 'm just a no class , beat down fool
And I will always be that way
I might as well enjoy my life
And watch the stars play
Beverly Hills ...
That 's where I want to be !
( gimme , gimme ) ( gimme , gimme )
Living in Beverly Hills ...
Beverly Hills ...
Rolling like a celebrity !
( gimme , gimme ) ( gimme , gimme )
Living in Beverly Hills ...
Living in Beverly Hills – Weezer
The era of excess , gluttony , and overindulgence is coming to a wretched ending .
The unraveling is complete .
We have entered an epoch of crisis that will last for two decades .
The coming winter will be cold , bitter and harsh on most Americans .
Millions are learning that living in Beverly Hills was just a delusionary dream .
They are just no class , beat down fools and I will always be that way .
It is time to enjoy the more basic aspects of life : family , friends , enjoying what you ’ve got , and leaving the world a better place for our children and grandchildren .
It comes down to choices .
It is time for Americans to grow up and take responsibility for their actions and their futures .
They must realize that the Federal Reserve and the banking cartel are the only ones profiting from ever expanding debt .
The Rising Debt Era has not benefited the borrowers as they borrowed toys they could n’t afford .
The beneficiaries were Bank of America , Citicorp , Wells Fargo , JP Morgan and the other members of the cartel .
The 10 biggest banks in the country control 48 % of all deposits , 50 % of the mortgage market , and 87 % of the credit card market , supported and protected by the Federal Reserve and Treasury Department .
The “ too big to fail ” continue to get bigger , as the FDIC will shutter 500 smaller banks in the next year .
The banking cartel has no intentions of relinquishing power .
It will be left to average Americans to make the right choices .
Government will continue to push Keynesian Cash for Clunkers publicity stunts to keep their debt civilization going .
The consumer society needs to be put to rest .
Americans must ask themselves a few questions .
Do you really need a $ 35 Aeropostale tee shirt when you can get an identical tee shirt at Kohl ’s for $ 6 ?
They were both made in the same Chinese sweatshop by 13 year old children .
The difference is that Aeropostale will say it is a “ green ” shirt because there was no air conditioning used in the sweatshop ruining the ozone layer .
What exactly does a pair of $ 345 Botticelli shoes do that a pair of $ 35 shoes from Payless Shoe Source wo n’t do ?
Does a $ 10,000 Rolex watch tell time better than a $ 50 Timex ?
Will an $ 85,000 BMW 750LI get you to the supermarket better than a $ 15,000 Honda Civic ?
When I started researching this article , I came across a Heritage Foundation report called How Poor Are America 's Poor ?
Examining the " Plague " of Poverty in America .
The article makes it clear that the poor in America do not fit the portrayal of living in poverty when compared to real poverty in Africa and much of the developing world .
The report concludes :
The typical American defined as " poor " by the government has a car , air conditioning , a refrigera­tor , a stove , a clothes washer and dryer , and a micro­wave .
He has two color televisions , cable or satellite TV reception , a VCR or DVD player , and a stereo .
He is able to obtain medical care .
His home is in good repair and is not overcrowded .
By his own report , his family is not hungry and he had suffi­cient funds in the past year to meet his family 's essential needs .
While this individual 's life is not opulent , it is equally far from the popular images of dire poverty conveyed by the press , liberal activists , and politicians .
The main causes of child poverty in the United States are low levels of parental work , high numbers of single - parent families , and low skill levels of incoming immigrants .
By increasing work and mar­riage , reducing illegal immigration , and by improv­ing the skill level of future legal immigrants , our nation can , over time , virtually eliminate remaining child poverty .
The Heritage Foundation report missed one key aspect of being poor in America .
The politicians and banks have taken advantage of the poor ’s lack of education and ignorance regarding the perils of debt and have enslaved them in a monthly payment plantation .
The poor do n’t own the cars , electronics , homes and appliances .
They are renting them until they can no longer make the payments .
The politicians have colluded with the Federal Reserve and banks to provide bad money to the poor in order to keep them satiated and pliable .
When the debt predictably goes bad , the banks are compensated by their bought government cronies with middle class ’ tax dollars .
" When I was a child I spoke as a child I understood as a child I thought as a child ; but when I became a man I put away childish things . "
I Cor. xiii .
11 .
Americans , led by the Baby Boom Generation , have been living like spoiled children for thirty years .
They have thought like children , with instant self - gratification as their sole aspiration .
It is time to put away childish things .
Hard times have arrived .
There is no easy way out .
We have kicked the can down the road for a generation .
Tomorrow has arrived .
Our long - term structural problems have now collided with our current debt induced tragedy .
Current policies that further the expansion of debt will ultimately lead to the collapse of our economic system .
The timing is all that is in doubt .
Give me something that I need
Satisfaction guaranteed to you
What 's the consolation prize ?
Economy sized dreams of hope
When I was a kid I thought
I wanted all the things that I have n't got
Oh .
I learned the hardest way
Then I realized what it took
To tell the difference between
Thieves and crooks
A lesson learned to me and you
Give me something that I need
Satisfaction guaranteed
Because I 'm thinking about
A brand new hope
The one I 've never known
Cause now I know
It 's all that I wanted
Macy ’s Day Parade – Green Day
Materialism has not provided what we needed .
As our current crisis deepens , luxury cars and Rolex watches will seem so phony .
Childish symbols like yellow rubber wristbands and yellow , pink , and rainbow ribbon stickers on our SUVs do nothing to change the world .
When you are walking down the street , look people in the eye and say hello rather than staring at your feet or checking your latest email or text message on your “ crackberry ” .
Deeper personal relationships with family and friends will become crucial .
The thieves and crooks occupy Washington DC and Wall Street .
We do not need what they are selling .
Economy sized dreams of hope will sustain the citizens of this great country .
Instead of accumulating stuff , give your stuff to people who need it .
Donate your stuff to Purple Heart , the Salvation Army , or any other worthy charity .
Donate your time to Manna , Habitat for Humanity , or any other worthy cause .
Do n’t delegate your role in caring for your fellow citizens to the government .
Americans will soon realize that what they wanted was not what they needed .
To join the discussion of how to take back our country from the banking cartel and government central planners , go to www.TheBurningPlatform.com.
By James Quinn
quinnadvisors@comcast.net
James Quinn is a senior director of strategic planning for a major university .
James has held financial positions with a retailer , homebuilder and university in his 22 - year career .
Those positions included treasurer , controller , and head of strategic planning .
He is married with three boys and is writing these articles because he cares about their future .
He earned a BS in accounting from Drexel University and an MBA from Villanova University .
He is a certified public accountant and a certified cash manager .
These articles reflect the personal views of James Quinn .
They do not necessarily represent the views of his employer , and are not sponsored or endorsed by his employer .
© 2009 Copyright James Quinn - All Rights Reserved
Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors .
James Quinn Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
Andrea
10 Sep 09 , 18:44 Well said James !
Enter the Swine Flu " Black Swan "
This little bugger will be Exploited to raise the profits of not only big Pharma ( 10 billion ) big time but to raise the level of fear of american's who will run into the arms of the gov't .... the same gov't who can't help them anymore even if they wanted to .
The same gov't who will take their freedoms knowing a society soon to have many have not 's and a few have 's can't have the same level of freedoms ..... even in sedated america ... the chance for civil unrest will be higher than many believe .
Even more so Swine Flu = a Great opportunity for the failed policy of politicans and banksters to DEFLECT anger for the future failure of the " technical recovery " they are now selling .... i can hear the cries of " oh we were just turning the corner " being uttered by the intellectual prostitutes also known as the main - stream media .
I do n't think the swine flu will be any more dangerous than the regular flu ... however you may be surprised how the MSM's " perception management " will be able to make 1000 H1n1 deaths seem like the plague !
Remember over 40,00 die every year from the FLU .
Politicians in MASS .
are already passing the fascist legislation ..... they are ready to trump this fear opportunity up and deflect the masses future anger over poverty at 1 .
swine flu .... watch the media coverage watch how they try to paint a worse picture than their is with the " worst case scenario's " and " theory's of mutation " and who knows it just may mutate .... how convenient at this point in time .
...... and if that does n't work well enough select military personal and intelligence agency 's WILL blame some shooting on a " domestic terrorist " who is pro gun pro patriot ect .. to turn us against ourselves and demonize groups trying to organize and fight the creeping fascism .
They see a few lives as the necessary eggs that need to be broken to make an omlet ..... this should not be a big mental hurdle to jump past .
The Venezuelan President , Hugo Chavez , has told the United Nations General Assembly that its podium smelled more of hope than of sulphur , now that there was a new administration in Washington .
His speech before the General Assembly was his first since his appearance there in 2006 when he derided President Bush as the devil .
Mr Chavez said that with President Barack Obama in office , there was now a palpable new air of hope .
The Government will make a second attempt to get controversial changes to the ACC scheme through its first reading in Parliament .
Prime Minister John Key said yesterday that the Government would move the House into urgency from today to push through changes to the " boy - racer " legislation and the victim levy bill .
National is negotiating with ACT and the Maori Party for the votes to pass its ACC changes after being forced to shelve the first reading of the proposed legislation last week through lack of support .
" We 're in negotiations with our partners .
Progress is being made , but it 's a little too early to tell whether it will be this week , " Key said .
ACC Minister Nick Smith has unveiled a range of levy increases and changes to entitlements , and a move to shift the full funding of the scheme out to 2019 .
Motorcyclists bear the brunt of the levy increases , but all motorists , and most workers , will pay more from next year .
The Government will need to get the legislation sent to a parliamentary select committee soon if it is to have any hope of making the changes law by February .
If it does not , the ACC 's even steeper levy increases will take effect .
The Maori Party is pushing for tougher criteria proposed for disability payments to be dropped in return for its support , while ACT wants the Government to investigate part - privatisation .
Mr Key met with Act leader Rodney Hide last night seeking support for the ACC bill .
ACT had said it would look at supporting the bill and had put its policy to introduce competition into work place accident insurance on the table .
It is National Party policy to investigate opening up the part of the scheme that covers work - related personal injuries to private competition , and ACT was likely to push for that .
Mr Key said while his party was not philosophically opposed to competition , it would have to be the best option for the public .
Medical practitioners faced confusion with different forms and systems under different providers last time it was tried , he said .
" We 're not going to leave our medical practitioners having to fumble their way through a bureaucratic nightmare if we were to open up that account to greater competition . "
Dr Smith would not disclose details of discussions with ACT or the Maori Party but said the talks were progressing " relatively constructively " .
" I 'm quite confident we are going to come through with some pretty sensible ways forward for ACC .
" We are a minority government and policy has to adapt to the positions of other parties and that 's why we 're having discussions with Act and the Maori Party . "
There could be policy changes depending on an agreement with either party - " otherwise why would you have the discussions ? " .
" It is very important for me to get that legislation through , every week that we are delayed makes it more difficult for the public to have a say on those things , " Dr Smith said .
It was " no surprise " that Act had brought up privatisation , he said .
Although it was National Party policy to open ACC 's work account up to private competition it had not been a priority , Dr Smith told reporters .
He said the work account was more complex which may be why it was appealing to private companies .
He would not confirm it was because it was the most profitable .
Dr Smith said he was happy with how he had handled negotiations over the " complex " and sensitive ACC system .
" The nature of this issue is very challenging .
I 've got a good constructive relationship with both the Maori and the ACT Party , but these are complex issues .
They 're going to take a little while to work through . "
LABOUR OFFERS SUPPORT
Meanwhile , Labour said it would support the Government if it put up legislation to do nothing but extend the date that ACC has to be fully funded by - when the corporation will have enough money to cover future costs of claims on its books .
Labour leader Phil Goff said he wrote to Mr Key with Labour 's offer and said changing the date would give breathing room before other changes were considered .
" Our offer to date is limited to extending out the full funding period .
That gives us time , it puts the issue away from imposing costs on families who are struggling in the recession . "
The extra time may see changes to investment returns which would negate the need for the planned cuts , Mr Goff told reporters .
Labour opposed cutting entitlements .
Mr Goff said the issue had been mishandled .
" The management of ACC has been a shambles as everybody is aware , but now it looks like it is turning into a Trojan horse for privatisation .
" This process has been a real mess .
Labour is prepared to help the Government out . "
PROTEST AGAINST CHANGES
Anger over the Government 's plans continued yesterday , with protests in the main centres over proposed cuts to entitlements .
Victims of sexual abuse are angry that they would need to prove they had suffered mental trauma as a result of sexual abuse before getting ACC - funded treatment .
Motorcylists facing levy increases of up to $ 500 a year are planning a rally at Parliament .
The New Zealand Audiological Society yesterday accused the Government of turning its back on thousands of people whose hearing has been damaged at work .
The ACC proposals include a threshold of a 6 per cent hearing loss before a person is entitled for assistance for hearing aids .
Society president Lesley Hindmarsh said thousands of people with occupational hearing loss , who were previously entitled to ACC help for their hearing aids , may no longer be eligible .
" People with hearing loss have significant needs , " she said .
" The Government is sending these people a message that their needs are n't worth anything . "
Key said the changes to the sexual - abuse compensation rules were based on clinical decisions , not financial , and the Government could not get involved .
He said changes might be made to the level of increases for motorcylists .
" There 's always a possibility there will be changes there .
These are the proposed levies from ACC , not the ones that have been adopted by the Government . "
Key said the ACC had advised him that there was still a high degree of cross-subsidisation from car drivers to motorcyclists .
" There is a natural tradeoff here between increases in levies and containment of the generosity of the scheme , and I realise that is something that will cause some anxiety to New Zealanders , " he said .
" We are trying to work through what we think is the fairest and most balanced response , but all of this is up for debate , both with our political parties and ultimately with the New Zealand public . "
Key said the Government was not philosophically opposed to opening the ACC 's work - related injuries account to competition , as ACT wanted .
" We would need to be convinced that there were benefits both to the Government and the private sector . "
He said an " excess " charge of $ 50 or $ 100 for accident victims had not been considered by the Cabinet .
- with NZPA
Pictured : Heroic female medic who ignored shrapnel embedded in her shoulder to save SEVEN soldiers during Taliban attack
Hero : Lance Corporal Clarke stayed behind to treat wounded soldiers including Corporal Mather despite being injured herself after a Taliban attack
An heroic army medic treated seven injured comrades after a Taliban attack in Afghanistan despite being wounded with shrapnel herself , it emerged today .
Lance Corporal Sally Clarke , of 2 Rifles , ignored the searing pain caused by the shards embedded in her shoulder and back and set about treating the rest of her patrol .
The worst hit was Corporal Paul Mather who incredibly managed to radio instructions for jets circling above to open fire on Taliban insurgents despite bleeding heavily from wounds the size of his fist .
Corporal Mather , 28 , and Lance Corporal Clarke , 22 , from Cheltenham , were on patrol south of Sangin when insurgents fired rocket propelled grenades over a wall as soldiers dealt with an anti-tank mine .
Hot flying shrapnel sliced open Corporal Mather 's body , leaving gaping holes across his arms , legs and buttocks .
He said : ' It hurt like hell , but once the explosions stopped and my hearing came back , I managed to climb through a ditch towards a group of soldiers treating other casualties .
' I had a hole in my left bicep , so the medics applied a field dressing and tourniquet to stem the blood flow . '
Despite being entitled to get out as soon as she was hit Lance Corporal Clarke refused , insisting she would not leave the patrol without a medic .
She said : ' I did n't feel like my injuries were bad enough to go back to the hospital , particularly as I was the only medic on the ground at the time .
' I could n't leave them on their own - I came out here to support the troops on the ground and give them medical care when they needed it the most . '
Realising the jets and Apache attack helicopters above the patrol had seen the explosions and needed to know what had happened , Corporal Mather told one of the soldiers to take a smoke grenade and throw it into the compound where the grenades had come from .
' The pilot immediately picked up the smoke signal and I gave directions for a strike on to the compound , ' said Mather .
He continued to radio instructions until he was on the helicopter where he finally took some morphine to ease the pain .
Corporal Mather is now recovering at home with his parents , Phil and Rose .
He said they were looking after him well and feeding him ' pizza and ice cream ' .
Lance Corporal Clarke , who stayed on the ground and accompanied the rest of the patrol back to base , was later treated by a doctor in a medical aid post .
She is due home within weeks to visit her parents Chris and Rosemary Clarke .
Tories and Lib Dems clash over best way to boost pay for British troops in Afghanistan
David Cameron and Nick Clegg have clashed over competing proposals to increase pay for British military personnel serving in Afghanistan .
Both party leaders claim that British forces receive a rough deal while serving in what has become Britain 's bloodiest conflict since the Falklands .
Today Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg proposed a £ 6,000 pay rise for the most junior Army ranks to help boost morale .
Other privates and lance corporals should get an salary increase of £ 3,000 , he said , with an extra £ 1,000 for higher non-commissioned officers .
David Cameron's
Tory party has proposed a plan under which soldiers on active duty would be excused some taxes , while Nick Clegg ( right ) wants a £ 6,000 pay rise for even the most junior Army ranks
The Conservatives , on the other hand , have proposed a plan under which soldiers on active duty would be some excused some taxes .
The competing proposals open up a new political front as parties jostle to appeal to a public which is becoming dismayed at the high death toll in Afghanistan .
The deaths , on Monday , of Sergeant Stuart Millar , 40 , and Private Kevin Elliott , 24 , marked the 209th and 210th British fatalities since hostilities began in 2001 .
The British Army currently pays its lowest - paid recruits £ 16,681 a year - a figure described as ' shameful ' by Nick Clegg .
He wants to increase that sum by £ 6,000 to put new recruits on an equal footing with new police or firefighters .
The proposed rises would see also see average basic pay across the ranks of private and lance corporal rise to around £ 25,000 .
The pay rises - which the Lib Dems claim would cost £ 400 million - would be funded with cuts in MoD bureaucracy .
Mr Clegg said : ' Nobody can put a price on the sacrifices our troops make on our behalf , but it is clear to everyone that pay levels are shamefully low for the lower ranks .
We can't continue to reward the bravery of lions with peanuts . '
The Conservatives ' proposal to review tax rates for serving servicemen and women chimes with troops ' anger that they are made to pay income tax whilst out of the country and on duty .
British soldiers try to get some sleep in a makeshift compound in a Taliban - held area of Afghanistan .
They could be set for a salary increase or reduced taxes under Lib Dem and Tory plans
Last weekend L / Cpl Dean Byfield told Gordon Brown - who was visiting Afghanistan - that he thought it was ' unfair ' that UK troops pay income tax whilst other serving NATO troops do not .
The Tory party has already claimed credit for embarrassing the Government into introducing an up to £ 2,240 tax - free bonus for all serving soldiers in 2006 .
Today a spokesman for the party said : ' We led a campaign for soldiers not to pay tax in theatre three years ago and the Government responded with the in - theatre payment .
' We will review how the in - theatre payment is working and come forward with proposals to improve what our soldiers are getting . '
British Army servicemen and women were awarded a 2.8 per cent pay rise earlier this year when the Government accepted the recommendations of the Armed Forces Pay Review Body .
The rise - described by the Ministry of Defence as one of the best in the public sector - meant the basic pay for a private on operations rose to between £ 16,681 and £ 25,887 .
Yesterday former army officer Tim Collins said that while a further pay rise would be welcomed , more had to be done to look after soldiers generally .
He said : ' It 's not all about money .
The British Army is a vocation , men and women join really to serve their country .
It was never really about money .
What they would prefer is to be treated decently . '
A Ministry of Defence spokesman pointed out that Britain 's Armed Forces have received good pay increases every year for the past three years .
Mr Childers , who was then 25 , weighed 340 pounds in March 2007 when he was accidentally struck in the back by a freezer door .
Doctors said he needed surgery to ease his severe pain , but that the operation would do him no good unless he first had surgery to reduce his weight , which rose to 380 pounds after the accident .
Africans are buying mobile phones at a world record rate , with take - up soaring by 550 % in five years , research shows .
" The mobile phone revolution continues , " says a UN report charting the phenomenon that has transformed commerce , healthcare and social lives across the planet .
Mobile subscriptions in Africa rose from 54 m to almost 350 m between 2003 and 2008 , the quickest growth in the world .
The global total reached 4bn at the end of last year and , although growth was down on the previous year , it remained close to 20 % .
On average there are now 60 mobile subscriptions for every 100 people in the world .
In developing countries , the figure stands at 48 – more than eight times the level of penetration in 2000 .
In Africa , average penetration stands at more than a third of the population , and in north Africa it is almost two - thirds .
Gabon , the Seychelles and South Africa now boast almost 100 % penetration .
Only five African countries – Burundi , Djibouti , Eritrea , Ethiopia and Somalia – still have a penetration of less than 10 per 100 inhabitants .
Uganda , the first African country to have more mobiles than fixed telephones , is cited as an example of cultural and economic transformation .
Penetration has risen from 0.2 % in 1995 to 23 % in 2008 , with operators making huge investments in infrastructure , particularly in rural areas .
Given their low incomes , only about a quarter of Ugandans have a mobile subscription , but street vendors offer mobile access on a per-call basis .
They also invite those without access to electricity to charge their phones using car batteries .
Popular mobile services include money transfers , allowing people without bank accounts to send money by text message .
Many farmers use mobiles to trade and check market prices .
Growth is expected to remain robust , says the Information Economy Report , published today by the UN Conference on Trade and Development ( Unctad ) .
The regional mobile operator MTN forecasts an average mobile penetration of 80 % by 2012 in its 15 African markets .
But the main barrier to further expansion is cumbersome regulatory frameworks , the report adds .
" Countries with similar economic circumstances but with a liberalised market generally show higher penetration rates , " it says .
" Taxes can also act as a barrier , particularly import duties on handsets or special mobile communications surcharges .
The mobile industry has been seen as a cash cow in some countries . "
The share of the population covered by a mobile signal stood at 76 % in developing countries in 2006 , including 61 % in rural areas .
In sub -Saharan Africa , closer to half the population was covered , including 42 % in rural areas .
The income barrier to mobile ownership has been reduced thanks to more efficient network equipment and affordable handsets .
But the report says that to expand coverage into rural and remote areas , government support may be required .
" Rural areas in some countries are often economically unattractive for operators to invest in .
This is usually not due to a lack of demand but rather to economies of scale . "
Mobiles have come as a blessing to those who never had access to landlines because of poor infrastructure .
At the end of 2007 , there were eight times as many mobile phones as fixed lines in the least developed countries .
The number of fixed lines in the world has essentially been frozen around 1.2bn since 2006 and saw a slight decline in 2008 .
But a " digital divide " persists in terms of internet access .
Australia , a country with 21 million inhabitants , has more broadband subscribers than the whole of Africa .
There is also a huge gap in terms of broadband speed .
The report warns : " Urgent attention is needed to address this situation and bring the continent more meaningfully online . "
Other developing regions often boast a broadband penetration 10 times higher than in Africa , where Algeria , Egypt , Morocco , South Africa , and Tunisia account for 90 % of all subscriptions .
Broadband access in Burkina Faso , the Central African Republic and Swaziland is the most expensive in the world , costing more than $ 1,300 ( £ 780 ) a month .
Torbjörn Fredriksson , head of the ICT analysis section at Unctad , said : " Even though broadband usage is disappointing , there is a good story to tell in Africa about the astonishing growth of mobile telephony , despite the financial crisis .
" We expect this progress to remain robust as the income barrier to mobile ownership continues to drop , thanks to liberalisation , more efficient network equipment and more affordable handsets .
This is because operators have made significant investments in infrastructure across the continent .
And there appears to be continued interest among investors in expanding and upgrading these networks in Africa . "
He added : " This report stresses that despite the positive trends in mobile telecommunications in Africa , there is no room for complacency .
A long - unfinished agenda must be addressed to create a truly inclusive information society for all . "
The report also found that at the end of 2008 there were an estimated 1.4bn internet users around the world .
The growth rate of 15 % was slightly lower than in 2007 .
In developing countries , the number of users grew by a quarter and such countries now account for more than half the world 's internet users .
But while more than half of the developed world population is now online , the corresponding share is only 15 % in developing economies and 17 % in " transition " economies .
China hosted the biggest number of users ( 298 million ) , followed by the United States ( 191 million ) and Japan ( 88 million ) .
A little over one fifth of the world 's population used the internet in 2008 .
Tags
[ The Rise and Decline of the State • By Martin van Creveld • Cambridge University Press , 1999 • 439 pages ]
By " state , " our author means something more limited than do contemporary libertarians .
To libertarians , the state is a person or group exercising a monopoly over coercion in a territory .
Van Creveld has something less broad in mind .
The state … is is an abstract entity which can be neither seen , nor touched .
The entity is not identical with either the rulers or the ruled … it is a corporation in the sense that it possesses a legal persona of its own , which means that it has rights and duties and may engage in various activities as if it were a real , flesh and blood , living individual .
…
Understood in this way , the state – like the corporation of which it is a subspecies – is a comparatively recent invention .
( p. 1 )
On the surface , this sounds like a topic of interest only to legal and political theorists .
Why should the rest of us care about it ?
As our author makes clear , the rise of the state in his sense has had disastrous consequences for human life and liberty .
Any effective movement for a free society must fully understand this enemy .
Before the 17th century , political rule was personal .
The Greek city - states and the Roman Republic most closely approached the modern distinction between public and private affairs ; but even here , for example ,
[ I ] n Rome and possibly elsewhere , each time a levy [ for troops ] was held the men had to be sworn in afresh – not to the Republic , it should be noted , but to the person of the commanding consul .
( p. 30 )
Personal rule was far from ideal , since people found themselves totally at the mercy of the rulers .
Two illustrations , taken from the end of the pre-state period , show how rulers viewed their subjects .
The frequent comparison [ between subjects ] … and a flock of sheep – owned as the latter are by their shepherd and raised for his benefit – speaks for itself .
It was only after ascending the throne in 1660 that Louis XIV arrived at the point where he could distinguish between his own glory and the good of the état that he headed .
( p. 127 )
I should myself be inclined to a more nuanced view of Louis XIV – by the end of his reign Louis doubted whether he had the right to impose new taxes .
But van Creveld 's main point cannot be challenged : in some sense , subjects belonged to the king .
( Incidentally , Louis XIV ascended the throne in 1643 , not 1660 . )
As one might expect under a proprietary notion of rule , warfare also bore a strongly personal character .
Rulers such as Charles V , Francis I , and their contemporaries fought each other to determine who would rule this province or that .
The personal nature of their quarrels is indicated by the fact that the Emperor repeatedly offered to fight his rival in a duel .
( p. 159 )
One might at first sight think the various systems of personal rule disastrous for individual liberty and welcome their demise .
If personal rule " neither was able , or indeed attempted , to guarantee the security of either the life or the property of individuals , " ( p. 54 ) should we not welcome the state ?
Surely , one might think , nothing could be so bad as personal rule of this sort .
And yet , in medieval and early - modern Europe , a greater scope for individual freedom existed than has in modern times .
The power of a monarch to dominate his subjects met checks from every side .
Local lords , independent or semi- independent towns , the emperor , and the church could be played off against the king – and against one another – to give subjects refuge from oppression .
Furthermore , premodern rulers lacked the skill of their latter - day successors to extract resources from their subjects .
Governmental inefficiency is all to the good , so far as the cause for liberty is concerned .
Our author contends that a twofold process disrupted the premodern conception of rule .
First , the notion of the state as an abstract entity apart from the ruler developed .
According to the leading theorist of the new notion , Thomas Hobbes , the state 's law knew no bounds : it need recognize no competing source of authority , whether church or emperor .
Van Creveld remarks ,
Hobbes deserves the credit for inventing the " state " … as an abstract entity separate both from the sovereign ( who is said to " carry " it ) and the ruled , who , by means of a contract among themselves , transferred their rights to him .
…
Bound by no law except that which he himself laid down ( and which , of course , he could change at any moment ) , Hobbes 's sovereign was much more powerful than … any Western ruler since late antiquity .
( p. 179 )
( Incidentally , our author sees Machiavelli as a premodern figure , not the herald of a new age .
He still occupied himself with the personal . )
As the new notion of state and sovereignty took hold , the importance of the ruler as a person declined .
Sometimes , as with Louis XV , the king took little part in affairs of state .
He spent " almost half of his time hunting and the rest with Madame de Pompadour " ( p. 138 ) .
Even a monarch who took a very active role in government , Frederick II of Prussia , described himself in 1756 as " the first servant of the state " ( p. 137 ) .
" The state as an abstract entity took on bodily form and was revealed , in the world wars of the 20th century , to be an all - devouring monster . "
Once more , though , the question arises , what is so bad about regarding the state as an abstract entity ?
To grasp van Creveld 's answer , one must consider the second part of the twofold process he describes .
In the early modern period , " the relationship between … the state and its citizens was based not on sentiment but on reason and interest " ( p. 190 ) .
Under this conception , a citizen would meet undue demands with reluctance or outright resistance .
If , however , emotion could be mobilized for the new abstract entity , what our author calls a " Great Transformation " was in the offing .
Jean Jacques Rousseau acted as the prime theorist of the new order .
In his view , everyone must be subordinated to the " general will " which embodied one 's patrie or community .
" Patriotism – the active submission to , and participation in , the general will – becomes the highest of all virtues and the source of all the remaining ones " ( p. 192 ) .
With Rousseau , though , we have not yet reached the modern state in its culminating form .
He took the patrie to be local .
But when , after the French Revolution , various writers identified the general will with the nation , the process that led to disaster was complete .
How so ?
Let us see what we have amassed .
We have an abstract entity , staffed by a professional bureaucracy , to which all citizens in a nation had to give themselves without limit .
And what was the purpose of the new entity ?
War , fought with unprecedented manpower and armaments and without restraint .
To accomplish its purpose , the state gradually seized total control of the monetary system .
( Van Creveld is , with Murray Rothbard , one of the few historians who sees the centrality of this control . )
In the book 's central passage , our author notes that
[ the ] states having finally succeeded in their drive to conquer money , the effect of absolute economic dominance on the states themselves was to allow them to fight each other on a scale and with a ferocity never equalized before or since . …
The concentration of all economic power in the hands of the state would not have been necessary , nor could it have been justified , if its overriding purpose had not been to impose order on the one hand and fight its neighbors on the other .
( pp. 241–2 )
A seemingly recondite concept , the state as an abstract entity took on bodily form and was revealed , in the world wars of the 20th century , to be an all - devouring monster .
Of course , the blessings of the new order had to be spread beyond Europe .
Most of Asia , Africa , and Latin America proved no match in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries for the newly armed Leviathans , and van Creveld tells the story of imperialism in a grisly chapter .
In the book 's best - written passage , our author remarks that
[ the imperial ] system was cheap to run , the number of white administrators usually being only one per 70,000 – 100,000 natives ; as Winston Churchill … might have said , never did so few keep down so many with the aid of so little .
( p. 319 )
Are we doomed to sacrifice our lives to these Moloch states until civilization is destroyed ?
Van Creveld thinks not : he maintains that the state has now entered a period of decline .
The horrors of full - scale nuclear war have deterred states from total conflict ; and , with the demise of massive wars , the state has lost its raison d'être .
Further , financial exigencies have almost everywhere mandated cutbacks in welfare states .
Our author , surprisingly , does not view the collapse of the state as altogether desirable .
He writes that
on balance , the dangers and the opportunities are probably about equal .
Neither is the retreat of the state to be regretted , nor will tomorrow 's world be either much better or much worse than the one which is even now fading into the shadows .
( p. 421 )
Most readers , I suspect , will think our deliverance from the cancer of the state , if indeed van Creveld is right about this , is grounds for rejoicing .
Mr. van Creveld 's book displays great learning over many fields besides the author 's specialty of military history .
I note a few questionable points :
It is certainly false that in Christianity , " God , after all , is believed to possess no fewer than three different bodies " ( p. 178 ) .
The pontifex maximus was not always the chief authority over Roman religion ( p. 27 ) .
In the United Provinces , there was no single position of stadhouder .
The office was provincial , but the House of Orange took them all over ( p. 116 ) .
What 's new in Perl 5.10.1
[ Perl tips index ]
[ Subscribe to Perl tips ]
In late August , Perl 5.10.1 was officially released .
In this tip , we 'll examine what 's changed between Perl 5.10.0 and 5.10.1 .
In addition to this Perl tip , you can read the Perl 5.10.1 delta document that describes the changes in more detail .
Bug -fixes and optimisations
Perl 5.10.1 is primarily a maintenance release , which means a large collection of bug - fixes , optimisations , additional tests and tuning .
In particular , 5.10.1 runs significantly faster than 5.10.0 with many common subroutine calls .
If you 're already using 5.10.0 , you may find that upgrading to 5.10.1 will give your code a significant speed boost .
Range operators
Perl 's .. operator is now always interpreted as being in boolean context when used inside a when statement .
In practical terms , this now means that structures like the following now work :
while ( <>) { given ( $ _ ) { when ( / START_HEADER / ..
/END_HEADER / ) { next ; } # Skip header when ( /^\s*#/ ) { next ; } # Skip comments default { process_line ( $_ ) ; } } }
Under Perl 5.10.0 , the header skipping code above would never trigger , however under 5.10.1 it now works as intended .
To use given / when to match a range , an array reference should be used ( in both 5.10.0 and 5.10.1 ) :
given ( $ number ) { when ( [ 1..10 ] ) { say " In range " } default { say " Out of range " } }
Smart - match
Perl 5.10.1 introduces significant changes to the ~ ~ , the smart - match operator .
The most important changes are detailed below :
Better encapsulation
Smart - match no longer works on objects unless they have overloaded the smart - match operator .
This prevents smart - match for breaking encapsulation and poking around in the internals of your objects when you do n't want it to .
Objects that do n't overload smart - match , but do overload stringification or numerification , will be treated as strings or numbers , respectively .
No longer commutative
In Perl 5.10.0 , the ordering of the operands to smart - match did not matter .
In 5.10.1 , they do matter , with the rightmost argument primarily determining behaviour .
The following common idioms work in both 5.10.0 and 5.10.1 :
$ key ~~ %hash # Does $ key exist in %hash ?
$ value ~~ @array #
Does $ value exist in @array ?
But be careful !
The following are now always false in 5.10.1 :
%hash ~~ $ key @array ~~ $ value
In a given / when construct , the given argument is always considered to be the left operand , and the when argument is always considered to be the right operand .
The new smart - match table can be found in perlsyn .
Distributive
Where possible , the new smart - match is distributive , and will apply itself recursively across large data structures .
For example , the following expression is true when evaluated under 5.10.1 , but false under 5.10.0 :
' bar ' ~~ [ ' foo ' , [ ' bar ' , ' baz ' ] , ' qux ' ]
In the same vein , given the following code :
[ ' foo ' , ' bar ' , ' baz ' ] ~~ \&subroutine
Perl 5.10.1 will call the subroutine three times ( once for each element ) , and the whole expression will be considered true if all the results are true .
On the other hand , Perl 5.10.0 would call the subroutine only once , passing in the whole data structure .
autodie
Perl 5.10.1 includes the autodie pragma as part of the distribution , meaning it can now be used out - of - the - box in new code .
Using autodie causes
Perl 's built - ins to succeed or die , meaning you can write code like the following :
use autodie ; chdir ( $ some_dir ) ; open ( my $ fh , ' < ' , $ some_file ) ; # Process records close ( $fh ) ;
If the chdir , open or close functions fail , they 'll automatically throw an exception , removing the tiresome need to add or die ... guards to these lines .
We 've discussed autodie extensively in a previous Perl tip .
[ Perl tips index ]
[ Subscribe to Perl tips ]
This Perl tip and associated text is copyright Perl Training Australia .
You may freely distribute this text so long as it is distributed in full with this Copyright noticed attached .
If you have any questions please do n't hesitate to contact us :
Email : contact@perltraining.com.au
Phone : 03 9354 6001 ( Australia ) International : +61 3 9354 6001
Copyright Perl Training Australia .
Contact us at contact@perltraining.com.au
Infowars
September 8 , 2009
Here is an excerpt from Charlie Sheen ’s talk with Alex Jones .
Alex aired the clip on his show today .
In the clip , Charlie explains why he has written a public letter to Obama , a document “ specifically rooted in fact ” about the September 11 , 2001 , attacks .
America and the victim families ,
Sheen insists , deserve a full and honest investigation of the attacks .
The 9/11 white wash commission report — long since discredited and revealed as a blatant fraud — will no longer stand .
[ audio : http://www.infowars.com/media/20090908-CharlieSheenINT-Promises.mp3]
Alex Jones interviews Charlie Sheen .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
CNN 's Joe Johns apparently decided that their viewers did n't need to know just how much money has been raised for Rep.
Joe Wilson 's opponent for his House seat in 2010 during this segment from AC360 .
While it is true that Rob Miller raised $ 200,000 overnight , at the time this segment aired , Miller was already right about at the half million mark , and it's now pushing $ 700,000 and rising .
If he hits a million in a day or two maybe these guys will be forced to finally report it .
If you 'd like to help that happen you can donate to Rob Miller here .
UDATE : It 's now over $ 800,000 and counting and some numbers from Act Blue .
UPDATE II : Rob Miller just passed the $ 1 million mark and has posted a thank you diary at DailyKOS .
Transcript below the fold .
COOPER : The president saying apology accepted , but the controversy still growing .
Who is Congressman Wilson ?
Who thinks he went too far ?
And who actually agrees with him ?
The " Raw Politics " from Joe Johns .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
JOE JOHNS , CNN SENIOR CORRESPONDENT ( voice - over ) : This is Republican Congressman Joe Wilson .
After last night , he 's the man everyone wanted to hear from today .
WILSON : Last night , I heard from the leadership that they wanted me to contact the White House and state that my statements were inappropriate .
I did .
JOHNS : Inappropriate ?
Not everyone agrees .
In his health care speech last night , President Obama made a debatable claim that illegal immigrants would not be insured in his health care reform plan .
It was more than Wilson could stand .
WILSON : You lie !
( AUDIENCE BOOING )
JOHNS : " You lie , " that 's what he yelled .
OBAMA : It 's not true .
JOHNS : Democrats up in arms charging Wilson had disrespected the office of president of the United States .
And , suddenly , Wilson 's own office became the center of a storm .
The phone lines in his office , Twitter and Facebook pages all flooded .
His office
Web site crashed because so many people offered opinions .
So , what were people saying ?
Wilson 's staff said calls were 3 - 1 in support of Wilson , but not so much public support from leaders of his own party , even though he may have articulated some Republican anger .
( on camera ) :
What about the sentiment , though ?
There 's anger .
There 's frustration .
What about the sentiment ?
MICHAEL STEELE , CHAIRMAN , REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE : I do n't know about -- I do n't know what -- what sentiment are you talking about ?
JOHNS : The sentiment that the -- that the Democrats are shoving health care down the throats of Republicans .
STEELE : I think everybody 's concerned right now about what the next steps are in health care .
The congressman apologized for his outburst .
I think we have all moved past that .
Let 's focus on getting a good bill .
REP .
JOHN SHADEGG ( R ) , ARIZONA : I 'm not trying to excuse it .
There is a frustration in America right now .
And I think that frustration stems from the fact that president is pursuing policies quite different from what he campaigned on .
JOHNS : So , who is this guy anyway ?
Joe Wilson is not the kind of congressman you see sticking his face in front of a camera here at the United States Capitol Complex , kind of keeps to himself , comes from a very conservative district in South Carolina .
Known for handling defense issues , he's also the type of congressman who worked here on Capitol Hill before he actually ran for Congress .
He 's an attorney as well , and a lot of people were surprised at this outburst .
( voice - over ) : But not shocked .
He once lit into a Democrat on C - SPAN for claiming the U.S. gave weapons of mass destruction to Iraq .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP , C - SPAN )
WILSON : That is absurd .
And , you know , this hatred of America by some people is just outrageous .
And we need to get over that .
( CROSSTALK )
WILSON : It is a hatred of America to say something like that .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
( END VIDEOTAPE )
JOHNS : And today , after Wilson went after the president , some folks back in his home state of South Carolina said they did n't like it .
A Democrat running against Wilson even said he got $ 200,000 in donations overnight .
But in a conservative state where Wilson is a fixture , he has still got support .
And to cash in on those feelings , Wilson just this evening with a fund - raising video explaining what happened and asking for money .
So , did the president lie about illegal immigrants being insured under the Democratic reform efforts ?
The answer , technically , illegal immigrants would not be prohibited from receiving insurance under three of the plans passed by committees in the House , but they would have to pay for it on their own .
And the most important issue is who pays .
The bills that have passed the three committees say the illegal immigrants cannot receive any government money , tax credits and the like , to pay for health care .
So , several fact - checking organizations have said the president was not lying -- Anderson .
( END VIDEOTAPE )
COOPER : Joe Johns reporting .
The Station Fire in Southern California continues to expand but at a much slower rate .
Wednesday acreage was 140,000 and by Thursday it was up to 147,000 acres .
But , the area considered contained increased from 22 % to 38 % .
On Wednesday I opined about the potential for the windflow to come down from the mountains , cause compressional warming and drying and hamper the efforts .
I had thought about that potential from the circulation from Jimena , though I knew that Jimena was probably a shade too far south for any real effects .
Well , they did get some down slope winds on Wednesday night that cause flair ups and headaches for the fire fighting efforts , though I cannot say that Jimena had anything to do with it nor is it safe to suggest that any such occurence would be a result of Jimena as the storm continues to wind down .
Nevertheless , there is still over 60 % of the Station Fire not under control of containment .
The California Emergency Management Interactive Fire Map has details and locations of several brushfires around the state .
Wildfire Incident Reports continue to come in on an almost hourly basis .
There is another crisis developing indirectly due to the wildfires … that is that unscrupulous folks are creating malware to infect the computers of people looking for California Wildfire information .
So , beware … only go to known sites .
Here is a known site for you …the Los Angeles Times Photo Gallery shows recent photos from the fires .
I ’m noting that there is a change in the subject matter as we are now seeing more and more of the aftermath and devastation following the fires and less of the fires themselves .
At right is an image from the LA Times of Arnold visiting what is left of a home .
Typically , its merely a foundation and a fireplace .
Hurricane Jimena came ashore as a dying hurricane .
It was not a major hurricane at landfall as the cold waters off the west coast of Baja California took its toll .
Right now the heavy rain and thunderstorms is displaced well to the east of the center over the Mexican mainland .
It ’s not surprising that its kinda meandering about as the models were going for a northeastward track into New Mexico and then a due west course into the Pacific where it would get killed by the cold water .
That sort of flip - flop often is indicative of a pattern that reflects weak steering current .
And that appears to be the case .
As mentioned previously , it is a downward cycle of its life , is expected to drift southwest and is just so far south , its doubtful that there will be much significant effect for the firefighting in California , though maybe some adverse easterly breezes may be produced , especially at night .
TROPICAL STORM JIMENA DISCUSSION NUMBER 24
NWS TPC / NATIONAL HURRICANE CENTER MIAMI FL EP132009
800 AM PDT THU SEP 03 2009
MICROWAVE PASSES FROM TRMM AND AMSR-E HAVE HELPED LOCATE THE CENTER
OF JIMENA THIS MORNING … WHICH APPEARS TO BE VERY CLOSE TO THE EAST
COAST OF THE CENTRAL BAJA CALIFORNIA PENINSULA .
VERTICAL WIND
SHEAR HAS CAUSED ALMOST ALL OF THE DEEP CONVECTION TO BE DISPLACED
EAST OF THE CENTER OVER THE GULF OF CALIFORNIA AND NORTHWESTERN
MAINLAND MEXICO .
THE INITIAL INTENSITY IS SET TO 40 KT AFTER
CONSIDERING THE DEGRADED SATELLITE APPEARANCE AND ASSUMING A
GRADUAL REDUCTION OF THE WINDS .
STRONG SHEAR IN COMBINATION WITH LAND INTERACTION SHOULD CAUSE
CONTINUED WEAKENING OF JIMENA…AND THE TROPICAL CYCLONE IS
EXPECTED TO WEAKEN TO A TROPICAL DEPRESSION LATER TODAY …AND
BECOME A REMNANT LOW TOMORROW .
STEERING CURRENTS HAVE BECOME
WEAK …WITH AN INITIAL MOTION ESTIMATE OF 330/4 .
A TURN TOWARD THE
WEST AND THEN THE SOUTHWEST IS EXPECTED AS JIMENA BECOMES A SHALLOW
SYSTEM .
THE OFFICIAL FORECAST IS A BLEND OF THE PREVIOUS FORECAST
AND BAM SHALLOW .
THE BIGGEST THREAT WITH JIMENA IS HEAVY RAINFALL CAUSING FLASH
FLOODS AND MUDSLIDES .
IF CURRENT TRENDS CONTINUE … TROPICAL
STORM
WARNINGS COULD BE DISCONTINUED LATER TODAY OR TONIGHT FOR MEXICO .
FORECAST POSITIONS AND MAX WINDS
INITIAL 03/1500 Z 27.9N 112.6W 40 KT
12HR VT 04/0000Z 28.1N 112.9W 30 KT…INLAND
24HR VT 04/1200 Z 28.0N 113.5W 25 KT…REMNANT
LOW
36HR VT 05/0000Z 27.6N 114.1W 20 KT…REMNANT
LOW
48HR VT 05/1200Z 27.2N 114.6W 20 KT…REMNANT
LOW
72HR VT 06/1200Z…DISSIPATED
$ $
FORECASTER BLAKE
Syracuse , NY -- Syracuse , NY --
The advertisement ran last Thursday in the bottom left corner of Page 5A of The Buchtelite , the student newspaper at The University of Akron .
This was no classified .
It was a display ad covering three columns and sought immediate job applicants .
“ Looking for ANY former HS quarterback with SIGNIFICANT game experience , ” said the ad .
Potential quarterbacks were asked to contact the director of player relations for the University of Akron football program .
Welcome to the world of Walt Harris , the assistant football coach and passing game coordinator at Akron .
And , yes , he coaches the Zip quarterbacks , what ’s left of them
Harris is the former head football coach at the University of Pittsburgh ( 1997 - 2004 ) and Stanford University ( 2005 - 06 ) .
He is no stranger to facing the Orange or playing in the Carrier Dome , where he returns on Saturday when the Zips take on Syracuse at 3:30 p.m .
Some of the toughest days of Harris ’ coaching career were spent facing – and losing , often in painful fashion – to Syracuse .
Yet that may pale to the situation Harris finds himself dealing with at quarterback this season at Akron .
“ It ’s real unfortunate , ” Harris said this week of the situation at Akron .
“ That ’s the cards been dealt to us .
Our job is to make it happen . ”
Harris was out of coaching for two years after his dismissal at Stanford .
He moved back to Pittsburgh where his sons lived and bought what he called an “ antique house . ”
It was a serious fixer - upper only Harris said he ’s not exactly a serious handy man .
There was endless painting .
It got hairy at times trying to paint the 11 - and 12 - foot ceilings .
He bought himself a riding mower as a birthday present and said the yard work was tougher than the interior .
There was one memorable 10 - hour day when he tackled vines that were choking trees on his property .
For three hours , he fed debris into a $ 25,000 chipper .
“ We got a lot of mulch , ” Harris said .
“ Some people call it a labor of love .
Some might call it a money pit . ”
It reminded him of what he missed – coaching football .
Harris landed at Akron and joined the staff of J.D. Brookhart , who served as assistant coach for Harris at Pittsburgh .
He admitted it was tough being out of coaching .
“ It ’s kind of what I do .
It ’s what I ’ve done , ” Harris said .
“ I did n’t know a whole lot else .
A lot of coaches are like that .
They ’ve got so much invested in one thing .
J.D. offered me the opportunity and I jumped at it . ”
His assignment is coaching the quarterbacks .
Instead of having a senior and three - year starter , Harris finds himself with a true freshman going on the road to play an opponent from a Bowl Championship Series league in Syracuse .
Nicely has completed 26 - of - 57 passes for 298 yards with two interceptions and no touchdowns in six quarters of action since the injury to Rodgers .
Harris said Nicely played “ a little better ” against Buffalo than he did against Ohio .
“ We ’re trying to speed up his learning curve , ” Harris said .
On Saturday , Harris finds himself returning the Carrier Dome to face a team which dealt him some of his most anguishing setbacks at Pittsburgh .
Harris was 2 - 6 against the Orange .
From the outset of his first game against Syracuse in 1998 , the losses were killers .
Harris said he does n’t remember a lot of particulars from playing at the Dome , only that when he and the Panthers came to Syracuse , the Orange had a lot of talented players and what he called “ outstanding coaches . ”
And thus , he has n’t thought much about his return this week to the Big East or the Carrier Dome .
That may change a bit when he and the Zips arrive on Friday .
“ I have n’t spent much time on the nostalgia part of anything , ” Harris said , “ other than I do remember the last time I was there .
We did n’t win .
It was n’t a good feeling .
“ I ’m sure ( old recollections ) will happen .
Memories are part of life , you know . ”
But so is coaching and Harris is enjoying his return to the football field .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Two bloggers from Azerbaijan are facing up to five years in jail after posting a video of a donkey giving a news conference on YouTube .
Shortly after the video was released , Adnan Hajizade and Emin Milli were held on hooliganism charges following a scuffle in a restaurant .
Their lawyer says the arrests were politically motivated .
But authorities insist they are investigating a simple criminal case .
In the video , the donkey extols the benefits of living in Azerbaijan and praises the government for its positive attitude towards donkeys .
The video was seen by many as a send - up of government news conferences , which critics say are often little more than propaganda events .
" This incident is definitely politically motivated , " said Adnan Hajizade 's lawyer Isakhan Ashurov .
" My client did not beat anybody , quite the opposite . "
The Azerbaijani government denies that the bloggers ' arrest was politically motivated .
" People are not arrested in Azerbaijan because of political activity , " said Ali Hasanov , a senior adviser to President Ilham Aliyev , in a statement .
" There was a scuffle between some young people and some of them were injured .
" Law enforcement agencies are investigating the case and will give an impartial assessment , " he added .
' Black spot ' Speaking to the BBC , Elsa Vidal - Europe desk officer with Reporters Without Borders - said that press freedoms in Azerbaijan were almost non-existent , making it " one of the black spots of the former USSR " .
" The situation is still severe and local public servants enjoy virtual immunity from an investigation from the press when they try and expose corruption , " she said .
" There are no grounds for the bloggers to be prosecuted .
They should be released and all accusations should be dropped .
" The authorities have more to lose in jailing the bloggers than in freeing them , but who knows what will actually be said at the trial ? " she added .
The UN Human Rights Committee also raised concerns about the arrests , saying there were " extensive limitations to the right to freedom of expression " in Azerbaijan .
Supporters of the pair say the arrests might have backfired and given the video far more prominence than it would otherwise have had .
A number of websites calling for the release of the two men have gone live , along with a Facebook group with almost 1,000 members .
There is also a video petition .
" Before the arrest , only a few hundred people had seen the video , " Erkin Gadirli , a member of the bloggers ' support group , told the AFP news agency .
" Since the arrest , the video has been seen by thousands and the number continues to grow .
" The arrest has only promoted the video . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Leading contrarian investor Dr. Marc Faber wears his " ultra bearish " cap in his Australian visit , predicting another financial crisis could happen in the next five to 10 years - but even that does n't mean there are n't any investment opportunities , particularly in Asia .
Visiting Australia as a guest presenter for Treasury Asia Asset Management ( TAAM ) , Dr. Faber said that the Federal Reserve 's policy in the past decade only added to the market volatility .
By keeping rates artificially low and pumping money into the system , equities , markets and economies will face " unintended consequences " , including another financial crisis in the next five to 10 years .
This crisis has not been fully cleansed out of the system , he said .
He repeated his bearish views of the US dollar , which he believes will approach zero ( not overnight , but it will happen ) while many Asian currencies will rise on the back of a continually improving Chinese currency .
Against that environment , he highlights various investment themes including going long on gold and silver ( sovereign funds will likely buy gold when interest rates are around zero ) , corporate bonds and Asian equities ( many markets in Asia are near 20 - year lows ) .
Tapping on socio- demographic trends , Faber is bullish on healthcare stocks in Asia , infrastructure stocks , commodities , REITs in emerging economies and tourism stocks ( " every hotel will soon have a Chinese restaurant in it , " he said ) .
As uncorrelated investments to more established equity markets , Faber also sees opportunities in plantations and farmland ( in Latin America and Ukraine ) , Japanese banks and new regions including Cambodia and Mongolia .
In short , Faber believes that based on how economies and markets fared over the last few years , a new world has emerged where it is now the poor countries driving global consumption and global markets .
But for many fund managers who believe they can take a breather now that the GFC has passed , Faber believes US and European stockmarkets are still overvalued relative to the lows reached in previous recessions .
" The ultimate crisis is still ahead of us , " he said .
In 1987 , as the second version of Windows ( still based on MS - DOS ) loads up , it shows off a shiny , thrusting new Microsoft logo : the one that we all know and ... well , know .
Though it was an improvement on the first version - the interface was natty enough to attract a lawsuit from Apple - most onlookers still assumed that it was nowhere near as important as ...
Photograph : Microsoft
ROCKWOOD , Pennsylvania ( CNN ) --
Four generations of Saylors have worked the family 's dairy farm for nearly a century , but for the past three years , the cows have been doing something besides providing milk :
They 've been helping power the place .
" The farm used to get a lot of complaints , " says farmer Shawn Saylor .
" It used to stink a lot . "
Growing up on the sprawling spread 90 minutes from Pittsburgh , 36 - year - old farmer Shawn Saylor developed into a self - described science buff .
So it was no surprise that , when faced with rising energy costs , Saylor turned to technology .
He tapped into an abundant and easily accessible energy source : manure from about 600 cows .
Watch how cow poo powers the farm »
" It 's a pretty simple process .
There 's not really a lot to it , " Saylor said .
" Manure comes from the cows , and there 's energy left in the manure . "
The process is known as anaerobic digestion , and here 's how it works :
With the help of a mechanical scraper in the barn , manure drops into a 19,000 - gallon tank .
The slurry then moves into the digester , which is 16 feet deep and 70 feet in diameter .
It 's heated there for about 16 days while the bacteria break down the organic matter in order to produce methane gas .
That gas is burned in two engine generators to make electricity .
See an interactive explaining the process »
Heat created by the generators keeps the digester hot , heats the buildings around the farm and helps provide hot water .
The electricity is used to power this farm and a dozen neighboring homes , Saylor said .
And there 's still some left over , which he sells back to the grid .
Overall , the poo power helps Saylor 's bottom line .
" In savings , there 's $ 200,000 a year , in either extra income from sale of electricity or cost offsets , " he said .
" So you 're talking about system project costs of over a million dollars to build the system but a payback of five years or less . "
Before he installed the system , the pungent smell from the cows could linger for three to four days , Saylor said .
" The farm used to get a lot of complaints from motorists , which is understandable .
It used to stink a lot . "
Now , the digesters reduce 98 percent of all odor , although he admits that if the wind blows , you still " get a whiff . "
The farm 's leftover solid waste is sold to the community .
" We use it for bedding for the animals , " according to Saylor .
" A lot of people like to get it for their gardens ... because it does n't smell much . "
Farm - based digesters became popular in the United States during the Arab oil embargo in the 1970s .
But the technology did n't catch on , possibly because of the high operational costs and declining energy prices , according to the Department of Agriculture .
Although Saylor had been interested in digesters for years , his dream did n't become reality until 2006 .
That 's when he received a $ 600,000 grant from Pennsylvania 's Department of Environmental Protection .
But Saylor 's work is n't done .
He intends to make his farm entirely self - sufficient by using waste vegetable oil to make biodiesel fuel .
He said his goal is to waste nothing .
" In a biodiesel system , all the waste products can either be used or fed back into the digester to make more gas , " he said .
" I 've always looked at new technologies and believed you kind of have to work with that stuff to stay with the future . "
All About Pennsylvania • Agriculture Policy • Energy and Power Engineering
A blog about the game programming and development adventures of Aaron .
E credo che tutti avrebbero dovuto vederlo tutto , anche se - certo - il boicottaggio televisivo in teoria era una buona intenzione .
Avrebbero dovuto vederlo tutti per capire in profondità quello che ha detto la moglie , quando parlava di un uomo malato .
Rinchiuso in profondità nelle proprie menzogne , avvoltolato nella litania degli insulti a mezzo mondo , arrogante perfino con il suo consueto maggiordomo , quello che gli aveva fatto firmare il Contratto con gli italiani .
Tirato , teso , gonfio , un occhio mezzo chiuso , pieno di cortisone : più suonato di Mussolini al Lirico in quel dicembre del ' 44 .
E l'opposizione " è comunista " - non provi Vespa a smussarlo in merito - e " D' Alema è uno stalinista " , e " le nuove case di Onna sono così belle che vorrebbe viverci lui " , e lui da Vespa in realtà non ci voleva andare perché " preferiva guardarsi il Milan " , e chi parla di conflitto d'interessi è " un delinquente " , e i giornalisti che lo criticano " sono farabutti " , e lui ha introdotto in politica " una nuova moralità " , e " abbiamo dato una casa a tutti gli sfollati " , e noi " agli immigrati in mare serviamo le bibite e poi gli diamo asilo nido " ( sic ) , e stiamo dando soldi alla Libia perché costruiscano " dei campi confortevoli " , naturalmente chi lo contesta " è antiitaliano " - un po ' come i dissidenti russi che venivano sbattuti in galera perché antisovietici .
Un giorno la rivedremo , questa puntata di Porta a Porta , e magari saremo capaci di riderci su : con l'inno d'Italia sull ' ultimo video , e i mazzi di girasoli in chiusura .
Per adesso , fa solo un sacco di paura : perché qui destra e sinistra non c'entrano più niente , c'è solo un uomo anziano sulla china della follia , in piena sindrome da bunker ma ancora pieno di servi e di potere , e capace di tutto per non mollarlo mai .
While we 've long been fans of Twitter , one of the biggest digs critics take at it is that it 's full of pointless chatter .
But one of the more interesting and truly useful trends sparked by the microblogging service is the way street - food vendors have flocked to it to relay info to customers .
This is particularly helpful with vendors who switch up locations from day to day — or hour to hour .
In retrospect , it almost seems like Twitter was made for this purpose .
What better way for a roving kitchen to publish crucial intel , from the field , without a dedicated internet connection ?
For your convenience , we 've compiled a list of street vendors on Twitter , divided by region .
You 'll find it after the jump .
California
Southern California
Kogi BBQ Twitter : @kogibbq URL : kogibbq.com
Korean - inspired tacos , burritos , drinks , and more for hungry late - nighters .
Based in Los Angeles , but starting to travel more .
Read our Q&A with the truck itself .
Don Chow Tacos Twitter : @donchowtacos URL : donchowtacos.com
More Mexican - Asian fusion from Los Angeles .
Calbi BBQ Twitter : @CalbiBBQ URL : calbibbq.com /blog
And another ...
Yuri Truck Twitter : @ YuriTruck URL : yurijapanesecafe.com
Rolls , bowls , and teas .
Coolhaus Twitter : @COOLHAUS URL : eatcoolhaus.com
All - natural ice cream sandwiches designed and imagined by two architects .
Heartschallenger Twitter : @hrtschallenger URL : heartschallenger.com
An ice cream truck traveling through Los Angeles , Miami , and New York .
Or really anywhere , if you want to book them .
Joes on the Nose Twitter : @joesonthenose URL : joesonthenose.com/Aloha.html
An organic espresso bar from an orange truck in San Diego .
Green Truck Twitter : @ Green_Truck URL : greentruckonthego.com
From the packaging to the organic produce to the solar - powered commissary , this truck is all green .
Marked5 Twitter : @ Marked5 URL : Marked5.com
" Call it a mix of old school Japanese and new school American " in the Los Angeles area .
Let 's Be Frank Twitter : @letsbefrank URL : letsbefrankdogs.com
Grass - fed beef hot dogs from a trailer in both Los Angeles and San Francisco .
The Icycle Bicycle Twitter : @locali URL : localiyours.com
A custom - built adult tricycle selling vegan ice cream sandwiches , snow cones sweetened with brown rice syrup , and other frozen treats from Locali , the " conscience convenience " store .
Northern California
Creme Brulee Cart Twitter : @cremebruleecart Sugar - crusted treats in the Mission , usually at Dolores Park , torching the desserts to order .
Magic Curry Kart Twitter : @magiccurrykart Choice of chicken or tofu curry and lots of veggies ( broccoli , string beans , and carrots ) , served with rice .
Usually near the Creme Brulee Cart .
Amuse Bouche Cart Twitter : @AmuseBoucheSF
Muffins and chai for a dollar .
The self - proclaimed " home of the original recession buster breakfast . "
Mobile Pho Truck Twitter : @whatthepho
Fresh noodles and broth all over the Bay Area , including Millbrae , outside AT&T Park , and the piers .
Urban Nectar Twitter : @urbanectar URL : urbanectar.com
A juice cart selling fresh - squeezed lemonade , watermelon juice , and strawberry juice , where a portion of earnings go to a local charity .
Spencer on the Go Twitter : @chezspencergo URL : spenceronthego.com/home.html
Fine French cuisine ( grilled sweetbread with sherry , ratatouille , truffle boeuf bourguignon ) sold from a converted taco truck .
Roli Roti Twitter : @RoliRoti URL : roliroti.com
Sustainably - farmed meats grilled rotisserie style , served with organic produce .
CookieWagSF
Twitter : @cookiewagsf
A cookie / ice cream sandwich cart .
The Tamale Lady Twitter : @tamalelady Her Twitter feed is blank right now , but surely the Tamale Lady will get around to updating ( after making her pork with red sauce ) .
Left Coast Smoke Twitter : @leftcoastsmoke
A barbecue outfit rotating among several Mission District bars .
Sam's Chowder Mobile Twitter : @chowdermobile URL : samschowdermobile.com
A truck selling East Coast lobster rolls and chowder in the Bay Area .
I Love Street Food Twitter : @streetfoodsf
Tracks national street food news , but specifically the San Francisco scene .
New York City
Calexico Carne Asada Cart Twitter : @CalexicoCart URL : calexicocart.com
Three California brothers making carne asada tacos , chipotle pulled pork , and other Mexican - inspired food .
They won the 2008 Vendy Awards , an annual street food contest held in New York .
Cravings Truck Twitter : @nyccravings URL : sites.google.com/a/nyccravings.com/cravings/
Taiwanese - style fried chicken over rice with secret pork sauce and handmade steamed dumplings ( vegan , pork , or mix ) .
Dessert Truck Twitter : @desserttruck URL : desserttruck.com
Also dessert - themed .
They beat Bobby Flay in a chocolate bread pudding Throwdown .
Le Gamin Truck Twitter : @legamintruck URL : legaminmobitruck.blogspot.com
Sweet and savory crepes , quiche Lorraine , baguette sandwiches , ratatouille salad , and other European café - type foods .
Photos of food here .
Rickshaw Dumplings
Twitter : @ RickshawTruck
Dumplings and dipping sauces from a truck covered in funny slogans like " Who 's Your Edamame ? "
Treats Truck Twitter : @ The TreatsTruck URL : treatstruck.com
Cookies , brownies , bars , crispy treats and more .
Tweets the whereabouts of their main truck Sugar and its vehicular little sister Dot .
Van Leeuwen Ice Cream Twitter : @benwvl URL : vanleeuwenicecream.com
Scooping up flavors like currants and cream , pistachio , gianduja , espresso , and ginger , all made from hormone - free milk .
Wafels & Dinges Twitter : @waffletruck URL : thedinges.blogspot.com
Sweet and savory Brussels and Liege waffles .
Cupcake Stop Twitter : @CupcakeStop URL : cupcakestop.com
A mobile cupcake shop starting June 3 .
The Big Gay Ice Cream Truck Twitter : @biggayicecream URL : biggayicecreamtruck.com
" Serving the queerest dairy treats in NYC ! "
Washington , D.C .
Fojol Brothers Twitter : @fojolbros URL : fojol.com
Chicken curry and mango lassi popsicles sold from four dudes ( two are actually brothers ) in fake mustaches and psychedelic turbans .
OnTheFlyDC Twitter : @OnTheFlyDC URL : dconthefly.com D.C. - based foods ( like Julia 's Empanadas and Rocklands BBQ ) sold from zero-emission , battery - powered vehicles .
Sweetflow Mobile Twitter : @SweetflowMobile URL : sweetgreen.com
The small salad chain Sweet Greens will launch a fro-yo truck this summer selling their " Sweet Flow " with toppings .
Pacific Northwest
Brunch Box Twitter : @ BrunchBox URL : Brunch Box on Facebook Based in Portland , they specialize in sandwich and burger fare , including YouCanHasCheeseburger , a Fatty Melt knock - off ( patty stuck between two grilled cheese sandwiches ) .
Whiffies Deep - Fried Pie Cart Twitter : @ Whiffies Sweet and savory deep - fried handpies , like empanadas , usually in Portland , but also spotted around Seattle .
Koi Fusion Twitter : @koifusionpdx URL : koifusionpdx.com " Korean Oregon infusion . "
Launching this week in Portland .
Skillet Street Food Twitter : @skilletstfood URL : skilletstreetfood.com
A CIA - trained chef making " seasonally relevant , locally sourced " bistro style food ( like a fried chicken sandwich with apple / celery root slaw ) up and down the West Coast .
Marination Mobile Twitter : @curb_cuisine URL : marinationmobile.com
Korean - Hawaiian fusion cuisine served curbside in the Seattle - area .
Savor Soup House Twitter : @savorsouphouse URL : savorsouphouse.com
Soup cart in downtown Portland featuring homemade soups , stews , and grilled cheese using local , sustainable products .
Food Carts Portland Twitter : @PDXfoodcarts URL : foodcartsportland.com
Tracks the street - food scene in Portland .
New England
Cupcake Truck Twitter : @cupcaketruck URL : followthatcupcake.com/welcome.html
An old - fashioned bakery truck with fresh - baked cupcakes scooting around the New Haven , Connecticut area .
Clover Food Truck Twitter : @cloverfoodtruck URL : cloverfoodlab.com
An MIT alum who used to love the trucks around campus .
The seasonal menu includes fresh - cut french fries , juices , sandwiches , and soup .
El Charrito Twitter : @elcharrito Taco truck in Stamford , Connecticut .
Midwest
Chef Shack Twitter : @chefshack1 URL : chefshack.org
A Minneapolis - based truck operated by two chefs with 20 years of experience in notable fine dining kitchens .
Tamale Tracker Twitter : @tamaletracker URL : spotd.me/about.aspx
Since the Chicago tamale vendors can be tough to track down , some friends decided to create a Twitter account to follow them .
Texas
Food Shark Twitter : @foodshark URL : foodsharkmarfa.com
Based in Marfa , Texas , this truck sells Mediterranean - by - way - of - West - Texas food .
Like " marfalafel , " or falafel served extra spicy ( with lettuce and onion ) in a flour tortilla rather than pita bread .
South
Only Burger Twitter : @onlyburger URL : durhamcatering.com / onlyburger Burgers and fries in Durham , North Carolina .
Southwest
Sweet Republic Twitter : @sweetrepublic URL : sweetrepublic.com/events.html
The artisan ice cream shop also has a 1959 Chevy that drives around to farmers ' markets and other events in Phoenix .
Canada
Japa Dog Twitter : @japadog URL : japadog.com/en/
Vancouver - based hot dog stand where the namesake Japa Dog comes in three versions : the Terimayo ( with Japanese mayo , nori , teriyaki sauce , and fried onions ) , the Oroshi ( bratwurst with special soy sauce , green onions , and daikon ) and the Misomayo ( turkey smokie with special miso sauce , Kaiware , and Japanese mayo ) .
Two Ways to Get Your Truck / Cart Out There
Add Yourself to This List
If you 're a street vendor on Twitter but not on this list , leave a comment below with your truck or cart 's name , your twitter name , and city .
<!-- simply copy the following code and paste it into the comments below , filling in your own info .
< strong > Your Cart / Truck Name </ strong >
Twitter name : <a
href= " http://www.twitter.com/YOURTWITTERNAMEHERE ">@YourTwitterNameHere</a> URL : < a href = " YourURL " > YourURL </a>
Type of food goes here .
-->
Use '# streetvendor ' Hash Tag to Make Yourself Searchable on Twitter
We might also suggest tweeting out a #hashtag tweet that simply says #streetvendor .
That way , anyone doing a Twitter search for " #streetvendor " will see you in the results and can start following you .
( # streetvendor seems the most logical hashtag to use ; as of initial publication of this blog post , no one has yet used it . )
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
The Tourist featured secretive alien refugees and tentacle sex , attracted the interest of Quadrophenia director Franc Roddam , and inspired concept art by HR Giger .
Despite being called a masterpiece by some , this strange science fiction noir was never actually made .
Advertisement
The screenplay for The Tourist was written by Clair Noto and , like a darker , sex - charged Men In Black , revealed a secret alien world in Manhattan , including a secret alien club call the Corridor , where various aliens from all over the universe meet , have sex , and commiserate about being stuck on Earth .
Grace Ripley , a beautiful corporate executive who happens to be an alien in disguise , seeks a way to get back to her home planet while being drawn into the bizarre world of the Corridor .
The first pass at The Tourist , which began in 1980 at Universal , was plagued by personality clashes and creative differences .
Noto 's New Wave - influenced script deliberately employed a non-traditional structure , and under the eye of director Brian Gibson , various writers attempted to revise the script .
HR Giger , fresh off of Alien was asked to invent the aliens Grace would encounter in the Corridor .
But when production failed to move forward , Noto was able to exercise a rare clause in her contract and take the script to another studio .
The screenplay briefly found a home at Francis Ford Coppola 's Zoetrope Studio , where director Francis Roddam fell in love with the strange tale .
But financial issues at Zoetrope left the project stalled , and when Universal came back claiming ownership issues , it fell entirely by the wayside .
Advertisement
Today , all that 's left of The Tourist is Noto 's original screenplay , Giger 's dark artwork , and plenty of tales of development hell , though Universal still owns the rights , and every now and then interest in the script is renewed .
But for now , it 's one of those long - dormant projects that may simply never be .
Download the Script for The Tourist [ via Scriptshadow — Thanks to Zack Smith ]
The History of The Tourist [ HR Giger ]
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
Advertisement
The version of CloneZilla that I tried had no HiDPI support .
Consequently the text tha I saw upon booting the bootable USB of Clonezill was very hard to read .
By the time I had finished squinting at the screen - and wondering why the CloneZilla logo obscured some text at the bottom - the USB stick had started to run some other part of the program .
Nor was quitting the program easy - at least given that I could barely see anything .
Also , hosting on SourceForge is a bad idea , because of the site 's * horrible * pop-ups .
Relatedly : where on earth is the bugtracker ?
If this is the recommended Linux tool for image backups ( for non-enterprise use , anyway ) then goodness help us .
By By Andrew Moran Jul 19 , 2009 in Health
In recent preliminary reports published on the internet , Baxter Healthcare Corporation applied for a patent for the vaccine that would immunize the H1N1 Swine Flu .
After the application was leaked on the World Wide Web by a United Kingdom publication , justoneclickgroup , it showed that the company also applied for patents to other diseases :
“ In particular preferred embodiments the composition orvaccine comprises more than one antigen ….. such as influenza A and influenza B in particular selected from of one or more of the human H1N1 , H2N2 , H3N2 , H5N1 , H7N7 , H1N2 , H9N2 , H7N2 , H7N3 , H10N7 subtypes , of the pig flu H1N1 , H1N2 , H3N1 and H3N2 subtypes , of the dog or horse flu H7N7 , H3N8 subtypes or of the avian H5N1 , H7N2 , H1N7 , H7N3 , H13N6 , H5N9 , H11N6 , H3N8 , H9N2 , H5N2 , H4N8 , H10N7 , H2N2 , H8N4 , H14N5 , H6N5 , H12N5 subtypes . ”
Head of Virology at Baxter ’s Austrian subsidiary Otfried Kistner was part of the Austrian - based team that applied for the patent for the H1N1 Swine Flu on August 28 , 2007 .
Many countries are ordering vaccinations for the recently declared pandemic .
Some countries are even making it In August 2007 , Baxter Healthcare Corporation , the company developing the swine flu vaccination , applied for a patent on many vaccines including H1N1 Swine Flu After the application was leaked on the World Wide Web by a United Kingdom publication , justoneclickgroup , it showed that the company also applied for patents to other diseases :
“ In particular preferred embodiments the composition orvaccine comprises more than one antigen ….. such as influenza A and influenza B in particular selected from of one or more of the human H1N1 , H2N2 , H3N2 , H5N1 , H7N7 , H1N2 , H9N2 , H7N2 , H7N3 , H10N7 subtypes , of the pig flu H1N1 , H1N2 , H3N1 and H3N2 subtypes , of the dog or horse flu H7N7 , H3N8 subtypes or of the avian H5N1 , H7N2 , H1N7 , H7N3 , H13N6 , H5N9 , H11N6 , H3N8 , H9N2 , H5N2 , H4N8 , H10N7 , H2N2 , H8N4 , H14N5 , H6N5 , H12N5 subtypes .
” Head of Virology at Baxter ’s Austrian subsidiary Otfried Kistner was part of the Austrian - based team that applied for the patent for the H1N1 Swine Flu on August 28 , 2007 .
Many countries are ordering vaccinations for the recently declared pandemic .
Some countries are even making it mandatory now .
However , since the fifty countries have ordered the vaccines , Baxter has declared that it cannot accept any more requests .
Baxter Spokesman Chris Bona said , " At this time we 're not in a position to take additional orders . "
More about Swine flu , Vaccinations , Baxter healthcare group swine flu vaccinations baxter healthcare gr ...
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
On July 16 , in a speech to the Economic Club of Chicago , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates said that the “ central question ” for the defense of the United States was how the military should be “ organized , equipped — and funded — in the years ahead , to win the wars we are in while being prepared for threats on or beyond the horizon . ”
The phrase beyond the horizon ought to sound ominous .
Was Gates telling his audience of civic - minded business leaders to spend more money on defense in order to counter threats whose very existence no one could answer for ?
Given the public acceptance of American militarism , he could speak in the knowledge that the awkward challenge would never be posed .
We have begun to talk casually about our wars ; and this should be surprising for several reasons .
To begin with , in the history of the United States war has never been considered the normal state of things .
For two centuries , Americans were taught to think war itself an aberration , and “ wars ” in the plural could only have seemed doubly aberrant .
Younger generations of Americans , however , are now being taught to expect no end of war — and no end of wars .
For anyone born during World War II , or in the early years of the Cold War , the hope of international progress toward the reduction of armed conflict remains a palpable memory .
After all , the menace of the Axis powers , whose state apparatus was fed by wars , had been stopped definitively by the concerted action of Soviet Russia , Great Britain , and the United States .
The founding of the United Nations extended a larger hope for a general peace .
Organizations like the Committee for a Sane Nuclear Policy ( SANE ) and the Union of Concerned Scientists reminded people in the West , as well as in the Communist bloc , of a truth that everyone knew already : the world had to advance beyond war .
The French philosopher Alain Finkielkraut called this brief interval “ the Second Enlightenment ” partly because of the unity of desire for a world at peace .
And the name Second Enlightenment is far from absurd .
The years after the worst of wars were marked by a sentiment of universal disgust with the very idea of war .
In the 1950s , the only possible war between the great powers , the U.S. and the Soviet Union , would have been a nuclear war ; and the horror of assured destruction was so monstrous , the prospect of the aftermath so unforgivable , that the only alternative appeared to be a design for peace .
John F. Kennedy saw this plainly when he pressed for ratification of the Nuclear Test Ban Treaty — the greatest achievement of his administration .
He signed it on October 7 , 1963 , six weeks before he was killed , and it marked the first great step away from war in a generation .
Who could have predicted that the next step would take 23 years , until the imagination of Ronald Reagan took fire from the imagination of Mikhail Gorbachev in Reykjavik ?
The delay after Reykjavik has now lasted almost another quarter - century ; and though Barack Obama speaks the language of progress , it is not yet clear whether he has the courage of Kennedy or the imagination of Gorbachev and Reagan .
Forgetting Vietnam
In the twentieth century , as in the nineteenth , smaller wars have “ locked in ” a mentality for wars that last a decade or longer .
The Korean War put Americans in the necessary state of fear to permit the conduct of the Cold War — one of whose shibboleths , the identification of the island of Formosa as the real China , was developed by the pro-war lobby around the Nationalist Chinese leader Chiang Kai-shek .
Yet the Korean War took place in some measure under U.N. auspices , and neither it nor the Vietnam War , fierce and destructive as they were , altered the view that war as such was a relic of the barbarous past .
Vietnam was the by - product of a “ containment ” policy against the Soviet Union that spun out of control : a small counterinsurgency that grew to the scale of almost unlimited war .
Even so , persistent talk of peace — of a kind we do not hear these days — formed a counterpoint to the last six years of Vietnam , and there was never a suggestion that another such war would naturally follow because we had enemies everywhere on the planet and the way you dealt with enemies was to invade and bomb .
America ’s failure of moral awareness when it came to Vietnam had little to do with an enchantment with war as such .
In a sense the opposite was true .
The failure lay , in large part , in a tendency to treat the war as a singular “ nightmare , ” beyond the reach of history ; something that happened to us , not something we did .
A belief was shared by opponents and supporters of the war that nothing like this must ever be allowed to happen to us again .
So the lesson of Vietnam came to be : never start a war without knowing what you want to accomplish and when you intend to leave .
Colin Powell gave his name to the new doctrine ; and by converting the violence of any war into a cost - benefit equation , he helped to erase the consciousness of the evil we had done in Vietnam .
Powell ’s symptomatic and oddly heartless warning to George W. Bush about invading Iraq —
“ You break it , you own it ” — expresses the military pragmatism of this state of mind .
For more than a generation now , two illusions have dominated American thinking about Vietnam .
On the right , there has been the idea that we “ fought with one hand tied behind our back . ”
( In fact the only weapons the U.S. did not use in Indochina were nuclear . )
Within the liberal establishment , on the other hand , a lone - assassin theory is preferred : as with the Iraq War , where the blame is placed on Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , so with Vietnam the culprit of choice has become Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara .
This convenient narrowing of the responsibility for Vietnam became , if anything , more pronounced after the death of McNamara on July 6th .
Even an honest and unsparing obituary like Tim Weiner ’s in the New York Times peeled away from the central story relevant actors like Secretary of State Dean Rusk and General William Westmoreland .
Meanwhile , President Richard Nixon and his National Security Adviser Henry Kissinger seem to have dematerialized entirely — as if they did nothing more than “ inherit ” the war .
The truth is that Kissinger and Nixon extended the Vietnam War and compounded its crimes .
One need only recall the transmission of a startling presidential command in a phone call by Kissinger to his deputy Alexander Haig .
The U.S. would commence , said Kissinger , “ a massive bombing campaign in Cambodia [ using ] anything that flies on anything that moves . ”
No more than Iraq was Vietnam a war with a single architect or in the interest of a single party .
The whole American political establishment — and for as long as possible , the public culture as well — rallied to the war and questioned the loyalty of its opponents and resisters .
Public opinion was asked to admire , and did not fail to support , the Vietnam War through five years under President Lyndon Johnson ; and Nixon , elected in 1968 on a promise to end it with honor , was not held to account when he carried it beyond his first term and added an atrocious auxiliary war in Cambodia .
Yet ever since Senator Joe McCarthy accused the Democrats of “ twenty years of treason ” — the charge that , under presidents Franklin Delano Roosevelt and Harry Truman , the U.S. had lost a war against Communist agents at home we did not even realize we were fighting — it has become a folk truth of American politics that the Republican Party is the party that knows about wars : how to bring them on and how to end them .
Practically , this means that Democrats must be at pains to show themselves more willing to fight than they may feel is either prudent or just .
As the legacy of Lyndon Johnson and Bill Clinton attests , and as the first half year of Obama has confirmed , Democratic presidents feel obliged either to start or to widen wars in order to prove themselves worthy of every kind of trust .
Obama indicated his grasp of the logic of the Democratic candidate in time of war as early as the primary campaign of 2007 , when he assured the military and political establishments that withdrawal from Iraq would be compensated for by a larger war in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
We are now close to codifying a pattern by which a new president is expected never to give up one war without taking on another .
From Humanitarian Intervention to Wars of Choice
Our confidence that our selection of wars will be warranted and our killings pardoned by the relevant beneficiaries comes chiefly from the popular idea of what happened in Kosovo .
Yet the eleven weeks of NATO bombings from March through June 1999 — an apparent exertion of humanity ( in which not a single plane was shot down ) in the cause of a beleaguered people — was also a test of strategy and weapons .
Kosovo , in this sense , was a larger specimen of the sort of test war launched in 1983 by Ronald Reagan in Grenada ( where an invasion ostensibly to protect resident Americans also served as aggressive cover for the president ’s retreat from Lebanon ) , and in 1989 by George H.W. Bush in Panama ( where an attack on an unpopular dictator served as a trial run for the weapons and propaganda of the First Gulf War a year later ) .
The NATO attack on the former Yugoslavia in defense of Kosovo was also a public war — legal , happy , and just , as far as the mainstream media could see — a war , indeed , organized in the open and waged with a glow of conscience .
The goodness of the bombing was radiant on the face of Tony Blair .
It was Kosovo more than any other engagement of the past 50 years that prepared an American military - political consensus in favor of serial wars against transnational enemies of whatever sort .
An antidote to the humanitarian legend of the Kosovo war has been offered in a recent article by David Gibbs , drawn from his book First Do No Harm .
Gibbs shows that it was not the Serbs but the Kosovo Liberation Army ( KLA ) that , in 1998 , broke the terms of the peace agreement negotiated by Richard Holbrooke and thus made a war inevitable .
Nor was it unreasonable for Serbia later to object to the American and European demand that NATO peacekeepers enjoy “ unrestricted passage and unimpeded access ” throughout Yugoslavia — in effect , that it consent to be an occupied country .
Americans were told that the Serbs in that war were oppressors while Albanians were victims : a mythology that bears a strong resemblance to later American reports of the guilty Sunnis and innocent Shiites of Iraq .
But the KLA , Gibbs recounts , “ had a record of viciousness and racism that differed little from that of [ Serbian leader Slobodan ] Milosevic ’s forces . ”
And far from preventing mass killings , the “ surgical strikes ” by NATO only increased them .
The total number killed on both sides before the war was about 2,000 .
After the bombing and in revenge for it , about 10,000 people were killed by Serb security forces .
Thus , the more closely one inquires the less tenable Kosovo seems as a precedent for future humanitarian interventions .
Clinton and Kosovo rather than Bush and Iraq opened the period we are now living in .
Behind the legitimation of both wars , however , lies a broad ideological investment in the idea of “ just wars ” — chiefly , in practice , wars fought by the commercial democracies in the name of democracy , to advance their own interests without an unseemly overbalance of conspicuous selfishness .
Michael Ignatieff , a just - war theorist who supported both the Kosovo and Iraq wars , published an influential article on the invasion of Iraq , “ The American Empire : The Burden , ” in New York Times Magazine on January 5 , 2003 , only weeks before the onset of “ shock and awe . ”
Ignatieff asked whether the American people were generous enough to fight the war our president intended to start against Iraq .
For this was , he wrote ,
“ a defining moment in America ’s long debate with itself about whether its overseas role as an empire threatens or strengthens its existence as a republic .
The American electorate , while still supporting the president , wonders whether his proclamation of a war without end against terrorists and tyrants may only increase its vulnerability while endangering its liberties and its economic health at home .
A nation that rarely counts the cost of what it really values now must ask what the ‘ liberation ’ of Iraq is worth . ”
A Canadian living in the U.S. , Ignatieff went on to endorse the war as a matter of American civic duty , with an indulgent irony for its opponents :
“ Regime change is an imperial task par excellence , since it assumes that the empire ’s interest has a right to trump the sovereignty of a state …
Regime change also raises the difficult question for Americans of whether their own freedom entails a duty to defend the freedom of others beyond their borders …
Yet it remains a fact — as disagreeable to those left wingers who regard American imperialism as the root of all evil as it is to the right - wing isolationists , who believe that the world beyond our shores is none of our business — that there are many peoples who owe their freedom to an exercise of American military power …
There are the Bosnians , whose nation survived because American air power and diplomacy forced an end to a war the Europeans could n’t stop .
There are the Kosovars , who would still be imprisoned in Serbia if not for Gen. Wesley Clark and the Air Force .
The list of people whose freedom depends on American air and ground power also includes the Afghans and , most inconveniently of all , the Iraqis . ”
And why stop there ?
To Ignatieff , the example of Kosovo was central and persuasive .
The people who could not see the point were “ those left wingers ” and “ isolationists . ”
By contrast , the strategists and soldiers willing to bear the “ burden ” of empire were not only the party of the far - seeing and the humane , they were also the realists , those who knew that nothing good can come without a cost — and that nothing so marks a people for greatness as a succession of triumphs in a series of just wars .
The Wars Beyond the Horizon
Couple the casualty - free air war that NATO conducted over Yugoslavia with the Powell doctrine of multiple wars and safe exits , and you arrive somewhere close to the terrain of the Af - Pak war of the present moment .
A war in one country may now cross the border into a second with hardly a pause for public discussion or a missed step in appropriations .
When wars were regarded as , at best , a necessary evil , one asked about a given war whether it was strictly necessary .
Now that wars are a way of life , one asks rather how strong a foothold a war plants in its region as we prepare for the war to follow .
A new - modeled usage has been brought into English to ease the change of view .
In the language of think - tank papers and journalistic profiles over the past two years , one finds a strange conceit beginning to be presented as matter - of - fact : namely the plausibility of the U.S. mapping with forethought a string of wars .
Robert Gates put the latest thinking into conventional form , once again , on 60 Minutes in May .
Speaking of the Pentagon ’s need to focus on the war in Afghanistan , Gates said : “ I wanted a department that frankly could walk and chew gum at the same time , that could wage war as we are doing now , at the same time we plan and prepare for tomorrow ’s wars . ”
The weird prospect that this usage — “ tomorrow ’s wars ” — renders routine is that we anticipate a good many wars in the near future .
We are the ascendant democracy , the exceptional nation in the world of nations .
To fight wars is our destiny and our duty .
Thus the word “ wars ” — increasingly in the plural — is becoming the common way we identify not just the wars we are fighting now but all the wars we expect to fight .
A striking instance of journalistic adaptation to the new language appeared in Elisabeth Bumiller ’s recent New York Times profile of a key policymaker in the Obama administration , Undersecretary of Defense for Policy Michele Flournoy .
Unlike her best - known predecessor in that position , Douglas Feith — a neoconservative evangelist for war who defined out of existence the rights of prisoners - of - war — Flournoy is not an ideologue .
The article celebrates that fact .
But how much comfort should we take from the knowledge that a calm careerist today naturally inclines to a plural acceptance of “ our wars ” ?
Flournoy ’s job , writes Bumiller ,
“ boils down to this : assess the threats against the United States , propose the strategy to counter them , then put it into effect by allocating resources within the four branches of the armed services .
A major question for the Q.D.R. [ Quadrennial Defense Review ] , as it is called within the Pentagon , is how to balance preparations for future counterinsurgency wars , like those in Iraq and Afghanistan , with plans for conventional conflicts against well - equipped potential adversaries , like North Korea , China or Iran .
Another quandary , given that the wars in both Iraq and Afghanistan have lasted far longer than the American involvement in World War II , is how to prepare for conflicts that could tie up American forces for decades . ”
Notice the progression of the nouns in this passage : threats , wars , conflicts , decades .
Our choice of wars for a century may be varied with as much cunning as our choice of cars once was .
The article goes on to admire the coolness of Flournoy ’s manner in an idiom of aesthetic appreciation :
“ Already Ms. Flournoy is a driving force behind a new military strategy that will be a central premise of the Q.D.R. , the concept of ‘ hybrid ’ war , which envisions the conflicts of tomorrow as a complex mix of conventional battles , insurgencies and cyber threats .
‘ We ’re trying to recognize that warfare may come in a lot of different flavors in the future , ’ Ms. Flournoy said . ”
Between the reporter ’s description of a “ complex mix ” and the planner ’s talk of “ a lot of different flavors , ” it is hard to know whether we are sitting in a bunker or at the kitchen table .
But that is the point .
We are coming to look on our wars as a trial of ingenuity and an exercise of taste .
Why the Constitution Says Little About Wars
A very different view of war was taken by America ’s founders .
One of their steadiest hopes — manifest in the scores of pamphlets they wrote against the British Empire and the checks against war powers built into the Constitution itself — was that a democracy like the United States would lead irresistibly away from the conduct of wars .
They supposed that wars were an affair of kings , waged in the interest of aggrandizement , and also an affair of the hereditary landed aristocracy in the interest of augmented privilege and unaccountable wealth .
In no respect could wars ever serve the interest of the people .
Machiavelli , an analyst of power whom the founders read with care , had noticed that “ the people desire to be neither commanded nor oppressed , ” whereas “ the powerful desire to command and oppress . ”
Only an appetite for command and oppression could lead someone to adopt an ethic of continuous wars .
In the third of the Federalist Papers , written to persuade the former colonists to ratify the Constitution , John Jay argued that , in the absence of a constitutional union , the multiplication of states would have the same unhappy effect as a proliferation of hostile countries .
One cause of the wars of Europe in the eighteenth century , as the founders saw it , had been the sheer number of states , each with its own separate selfish appetites ; so , too , in America , the states , as they increased in number , would draw external jealousies and heighten the divisions among themselves .
“ The Union , ” wrote Jay , “ tends most to preserve the people in a state of peace with other nations . ”
A democratic and constitutional union , he went on to say in Federalist 4 , would act more wisely than absolute monarchs in the knowledge that “ there are pretended as well as just causes of war . ”
Among the pretended causes favored by the monarchs of Europe , Jay numbered :
“ a thirst for military glory , revenge for personal affronts ; ambition or private compacts to aggrandize or support their particular families , or partisans .
These and a variety of motives , which affect only the mind of the Sovereign , often lead him to engage in wars not sanctified by justice , or the voice and interests of his people . ”
When , thought Jay , the people are shorn of their slavish dependence , so that they no longer look to a sovereign outside themselves and count themselves as “ his people , ” the motives for war will be proportionately weakened .
This was not a passing theme for the Federalist writers .
Alexander Hamilton took it up again in Federalist 6 , when he spoke of “ the causes of hostility among nations , ” and ranked above all other causes “ the love of power or the desire of preeminence and dominion ” : the desire , in short , to sustain a reputation as the first of powers and to control an empire .
Pursuing , in Federalist 7 , the same subject of insurance against “ the wars that have desolated the earth , ” Hamilton proposed that the federal government could serve as an impartial umpire in the Western territory , which might otherwise become “ an ample theatre for hostile pretensions . ”
Consider the prominence of these views .
Four of the first seven Federalist Papers offer , as a prime reason for the founding of the United States , the belief that , by doing so , America will more easily avert the infection of the multiple wars that have desolated Europe .
This was the implicit consensus of the founders .
Not only Jay and Hamilton , but also George Washington in his Farewell Address , and James Madison and Benjamin Franklin , and John Adams as well as John Quincy Adams .
It was so much part of the idealism that swept the country in the 1780s that Thomas Paine could allude to the sentiment in a passing sentence of The Rights of Man .
Paine there asserted what Jay and Hamilton in the Federalist Papers took for granted : “ Europe is too thickly planted with kingdoms to be long at peace . ”
Have we now grown too used to the employment of our army , navy , and air force to be long at peace , or even to contemplate peace ?
To speak of a perpetual war against “ threats ” beyond the horizon , as the Bush Pentagon did , and now the Obama Pentagon does , is to evade the question whether any of the wars is , properly speaking , a war of self - defense .
At the bottom of that evasion lies the idea of the United States as a nation destined for serial wars .
The very idea suggests that we now have a need for an enemy at all times that exceeds the citable evidence of danger at any given time .
In The Sorrows of Empire , Chalmers Johnson gave a convincing account of the economic rationale of the American national security state , its industrial and military base , and its manufacturing outworks .
It is not only the vast extent and power of our standing army that stares down every motion toward reform .
Nor is the cause entirely traceable to our pursuit of refined weapons and lethal technology , or the military bases with which the U.S. has encircled the globe , or the financial interests , the Halliburtons and Raytheons , the DynCorps and Blackwaters that combine against peace with demands in excess of the British East India Company at the height of its influence .
There is a deeper puzzle in the relationship of the military itself to the rest of American society .
For the American military now encompasses an officer class with the character and privileges of a native aristocracy , and a rank - and - file for whom the best possibilities of socialism have been realized .
Barack Obama has compared the change he aims to accomplish in foreign policy to the turning of a very large ship at sea .
The truth is that , in Obama ’s hands , “ force projection ” by the U.S. has turned already , but in more than one direction .
He has set internal rhetorical limits on our provocations to war by declining to speak , as his predecessor did , of the spread of democracy by force or the feasibility of regime change as a remedy for grievances against hostile countries .
And yet we may be certain that none of the wars the new undersecretary of defense for policy is preparing will be a war of pure self - defense — the only kind of war the American founders would have countenanced .
None of the current plans , to judge by Bumiller ’s article , is aimed at guarding the U.S. against a power that could overwhelm us at home .
To find such a power , we would have to search far beyond the horizon .
The future wars of choice for the Defense Department appear to be wars of heavy bombing and light - to - medium occupation .
The weapons will be drones in the sky and the soldiers will be , as far as possible , special forces operatives charged with executing “ black ops ” from village to village and tribe to tribe .
It seems improbable that such wars — which will require free passage over sovereign states for the Army , Marines , and Air Force , and the suppression of native resistance to occupation — can long be pursued without de facto reliance on regime change .
Only a puppet government can be thoroughly trusted to act against its own people in support of a foreign power .
Such are the wars designed and fought today in the name of American safety and security .
They embody a policy altogether opposed to an idealism of liberty that persisted from the founding of the U.S. far into the twentieth century .
It is easy to dismiss the contrast that Washington , Paine , and others drew between the morals of a republic and the appetites of an empire .
Yet the point of that contrast was simple , literal , and in no way elusive .
It captured a permanent truth about citizenship in a democracy .
You cannot , it said , continue to be a free people while accepting the fruits of conquest and domination .
The passive beneficiaries of masters are also slaves .
David Bromwich , the editor of a selection of Edmund Burke ’s speeches , On Empire , Liberty , and Reform , has written on the Constitution and America ’s wars for The New York Review of Books and The Huffington Post .
Malicious Email Social Engineer Attack Using Social Engineers Toolkit ( Set )
Description : < div style = " text - align : justify ; " > The Social - Engineering Toolkit ( SET ) is a python - driven suite of custom tools which solely focuses on attacking the human element of penetration testing .
It 's main purpose is to augment and simulate social - engineering attacks and allow the tester to effectively test how a targeted attack may succeed .
Currently SET has two main methods of attack , one is utilizing Metasploit [ 1 ] payloads and Java - based attacks by setting up a malicious website that ultimately delivers your payload .
The second method is through file - format bugs and e-mail phishing .
The second method supports your own open - mail relay , a customized sendmail open - relay , or Gmail integration to deliver your payloads through e-mail .
The goal of SET is to bring awareness to the often forgotten attack vector of social - engineering .
SET was created by Rel1 k for social - engineer.org .
< br >< br > This video created by loganWHD demonstrates how to use the Social Engineers Toolkit to perform an email attack using a maliciously encoded PDF .
The first step is actually dumpster diving and finding an internal email list of the company .
Then he creates a malicious PDF file vulnerable to the util .
printf security bug .
Then loganWHD uses the SET to create a spoofed email about an important memo to check out the attached PDF for more details .
Once the victim opens the attachment , the exploit gets executed and of couse ...
GAME OVER ! :)
Nicely done !
< br >< br >< span style = " font - weight : bold ; " > Thanks to loganWHD from </ span>Social -Engineer.org < span style = " font - weight : bold ; " > for submitting this video to ST !
We would highly recommend </ span>visiting their site and to try out SET !< br >< br >< br ></ div >< style type =" text / css " > body { background : # FFF ; } </style >
Tags : basics ,
Disclaimer :
We are a infosec video aggregator and this video is linked from an external website .
The original author may be different from the user re-posting / linking it here .
Please do not assume the authors to be same without verifying .
Cognitive testing by telephone in elderly individuals is generally as effective as in - person testing , according to a new study by Effie M. Mitsis , PhD , Assistant Professor of Psychiatry at Mount Sinai School of Medicine and part of Mount Sinai 's Alzheimer 's Disease Research Center .
The study will appear in the International Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry .
The study is the first to evaluate the effectiveness of telephone assessment in an elderly cohort using well established neuropsychological tests .
Fifty - four healthy women with an average age of 79 were divided into two groups and subjected to a series of standard neuropsychological tests , including mental status questions such as identifying the day and time , remembering a series of words or numbers and naming tasks .
These tests are sensitive to cognitive decline and are typically used in clinical trials of Alzheimer 's Disease to monitor progression or stabilization of memory and thinking ability in elderly individuals .
Both groups received in - person assessment of cognition as well as assessment by telephone .
The results indicated that the telephone and in - person assessment were comparable , suggesting that telephone assessment may be a useful , cost - effective and time efficient alternative to in - person assessment of cognition in the elderly .
Cognitive assessment is the most effective method for early detection of dementia but it is not available in all communities .
Telephone assessment could provide the opportunity to offer an evaluation to a wider range of people , including those who live in rural areas or at great distances from medical centers .
" Although telephone assessment is not a substitute for in - person assessment as conducted by neuropsychologists , many elderly patients do n't have the resources to access a neuropsychologist or ability to spend hours getting to the doctor 's office or clinic to receive an evaluation , especially one that would potentially be conducted every few months should that person decide to participate in a clinical trial , " says Dr. Mitsis .
" A clinical trial , as those run from our Alzheimer 's Disease Research Center , requires people to return frequently for follow up .
Using telephone assessments as an alternative , especially assessments that are considered sensitive to memory decline as those used in this study , means we can catch cognitive impairment early and monitor any changes that may occur , in a larger number of individuals .
These individuals could be then referred for treatment sooner , prior to significant decline in memory and thinking , which will prolong positive outcomes in functioning . "
TEGUCIGALPA ( Reuters ) - The Honduran minister who called U.S. President Barack Obama “ that little black guy ” quit the country ’s post - coup interim government on Tuesday , citing U.S. Embassy “ pressures . ”
A U.S. embassy spokeswoman denied the United States was exerting any pressure , saying the embassy had no contact with a government it did not recognize .
Enrique Ortez ’s resignation comes just days after he was moved from the post of foreign minister to minister of government and justice in the wake of his comment about Obama .
The interim government had previously apologized to the United States .
A government spokesman said interim President Roberto Micheletti had accepted the resignation .
Ortez handed out a written statement to journalists that cited “ direct and indirect pressures from the United States embassy on our people and government . ”
Obama has called the coup illegal and his administration has demanded the reinstatement of ousted President Manuel Zelaya , canceled $ 16.5 million in military aid to Honduras and threatened to cut off $ 180 million more in civilian aid .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
How is ArmorGroup North America responding to the allegations that its Kabul embassy guards were engaging in a range of unbecoming conduct ?
The firm ( and its parent company , Wackenhut ) has so far declined to issue any comment .
Behind the scenes , however , swift action has been taken , though not against ArmorGroup employees who engaged in or approved of lewd behavior , humiliating hazing rituals , and other practices that put the embassy at risk .
Rather , says the Project on Government Oversight , one of the whistleblowers who brought these explosive allegations to the watchdog group ’s attention has been retaliated against by his employer , an ArmorGroup client :
One of the whistleblowers who helped expose the guard scandal at the U.S. Embassy in Kabul has just been forced to resign after his company — whose client is ArmorGroup , North America ( AGNA ) — came to believe that he had reached out to D.C. for assistance .
The company told POGO that the whistleblower ’s resignation was voluntary .
However , information obtained by the Project On Government Oversight ( POGO ) strongly suggests he was pressured into resigning to avoid being fired , an action often referred to as constructive dismissal .
POGO is deeply concerned about the action allegedly taken against the whistleblower .
He is being forced out at a time when three of the supervisors responsible for allowing the misconduct at Camp Sullivan have been allowed to quietly resign and escape accountability .
As per our letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton of September 1 , 2009 , POGO calls on the State Department to take immediate action to protect both the physical and employment security of whistleblowers who have stepped forward with allegations of serious misconduct involving ArmorGroup , North America and others .
According to POGO , at least one of the ArmorGroup supervisors who resigned did so following the group ’s letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Tuesday , outlining what POGO described as a “ Lord of the Flies environment ” that included “ near - weekly deviant hazing and humiliation . ”
The allegations , which have drawn widespread media attention , have already prompted action by the embassy in Kabul .
The embassy has banned alcohol at Camp Sullivan , where ArmorGroup ’s employees live , and placed the contractor ’s employees under the supervision of members of the State Department ’s diplomatic security branch .
On Thursday , Ambassador Karl Eickenberry held a town hall - style meeting with embassy employees to address concerns raised by the allegations .
At a briefing on Wednesday , State Department spokesman Ian Kelly told reporters that three separate investigations were underway into the conduct of ArmorGroup personnel .
The department ’s Inspector General has launched a probe , and Eickenberry has instructed his senior staff to review the security situation .
In addition , the State Department is dispatching a team of senior diplomatic security and contracting officials to Kabul to investigate in the next few days .
“ To be clear , there were some things going on in Kabul which we were not aware of , but frankly , we should have been aware of , ” Kelly said .
Even so , he insisted that the embassy “ has been well protected . ”
A top State Department contracting official , William Moser , made a similar claim before Congress in June , telling Sen .
Claire McCaskill ’s subcommittee on contracting oversight that despite some “ deficiencies , ” ArmorGroup ’s performance “ has been and is sound . ”
His statement , and Kelly ’s comments yesterday , are at odds with nine separate warnings the State Department issued to ArmorGroup starting just weeks after the contractor took over the embassy job in July 2007 .
The notices , some threatening termination of the contract , warned of a variety of lapses , including a failure to provide enough guards and equipment .
In one case , a State Department contracting official wrote that ArmorGroup ’s “ contract deficiencies … endanger performance of the contract to such a degree that the security of the US Embassy in Kabul is in jeopardy . ”
As recently as March , after ArmorGroup told the State Department that its staffing was “ fully contract compliant , ” the department informed the contractor that it still had “ grave concerns ” about its guard levels .
“ In inspections of the guard force operations , the State Department observed that at least 18 guards were absent from their posts at the embassy , ” according to an investigation by McCaskill ’s Senate subcommitee .
ArmorGroup North America ’s parent company , Wackenhut , has not yet addressed POGO ’s allegations publicly .
But , as of Thursday morning , the company was preparing to release a statement .
“ We ’re obliged to go through certain approval channels and once we go through those channels we will be able to release our statement , ” a Wackenhut official told me .
She said she “ was not entirely at liberty to say ” what those channels were , however .
“ We are working very closely with the State Department on this issue , ” she added .
“ And we will be able to address the various details regarding that once we release that information . ”
Follow Daniel Schulman on Twitter .
For some it is simply an eyesore , but for others graffiti has as much worth as an old master .
In Bristol , reputed home of Banksy , the street artist who has done more than any other to elevate graffiti off concrete walls and into galleries , the question is to be settled by the public .
Bristol city council is planning to let the public vote before murals on buildings , walls and fences are scrubbed clean or painted over .
If citizens decide they like it , the work will remain .
The move comes as the " Banksy v Bristol Museum " exhibition in the city closedtoday having attracted more than 300,000 visitors since June .
Queues for admission were up to six hours long over the Bank Holiday weekend .
As part of its formal street - art policy " to seek to define and support the display of public art " , the council is pledging " where people tell us that murals or artworks make a positive contribution to the local environment , and where the property owner has raised no objection " the graffiti will not be removed .
Photographs will be posted on the council 's website and the public asked to voice their opinions .
The policy was created after a Banksy work , showing a naked man hanging out of a window while his lover 's partner looks for him , appeared on a council - owned building in 2005 , sparking debate over whether it should be removed .
The council set up an online poll , with 93 % of those voting saying they wanted to keep it .
" We have said informally that if it is street art that people like we will keep it but we want to formalise it now into a policy , " said councillor Gary Hopkins , cabinet member for Environment and Community Safety .
" People want us to keep up the war against the taggers so we have had to work out a way to differentiate between the taggers and the artists " .
Predictably , fine - art aficionados loathe the idea .
" The two words ' graffiti ' and ' art ' should never be put together , " said the art critic Brian Sewell .
He added the council were " bonkers " .
" The public does n't know good from bad . "
" For this city to be guided by the opinion of people who do n't know anything about art is lunacy .
It does n't matter if they [ the public ] like it .
It will result in a proliferation of entirely random decoration , for want of a better word , " he said
" Buildings of fine quality , and there are many in Bristol , will be defaced .
The architecture must take primacy over whatever street artists may want to do . "
Bristol city council faced embarrassment in 2007 when its workers painted over a Banksy mural estimated to be worth £ 100,000 , causing public outrage .
Since then it has ordered all Banksy work to be preserved .
" A couple of pieces of art have been scrubbed off in error , but staff now know if it is a really good piece of art work they refer it on , " said Cllr Hopkins .
" Street art is part of Bristol and people have complained about Banksy in the past .
But I think public opinion has shifted . "
He said of those the Banksy exhibition has attracted , 70 % were from outside the city , " so street art has generated masses of money for Bristol " .
" Some people feel threatened by tags , so we have commissioned murals to give a positive image and that does prevent graffiti .
We also get the kids that have been involved in illegal tagging and get the artist to train them . "
The exhibition , for which the museum paid just £ 1 and which was free to the public , was kept secret until the day before it opened .
Featuring 100 works including his trademark stencil paintings , animatronics and installations , organisers were forced to introduce late - night openings to keep up with visitor numbers .
" It has been such an amazing experience , I can't believe how great the turnout has been , " said Helen Hewitt , council spokeswoman .
It has seen as many visitors in its 16 - week run as the museum normally attracts in a year .
But for Sewell , the exhibition 's popularity was another sign that " the art world has gone absolutely crazy " .
" Any fool who can put paint on canvas or turn a cardboard box into a sculpture is lauded .
Banksy should have been put down at birth .
It 's no good as art , drawing or painting .
His work has no virtue .
It 's merely the sheer scale of his impudence that has given him so much publicity . "
Cassonetti e cumuli di rifiuti in fiamme , quinta notte di roghi
Venticinque gli interventi dei vigili del fuoco fino alle 5 di stamane .
Cassonetti in fiamme anche in provincia , a Capaci , Carini , Cefalù e Villabate
( 09 ottobre 2009 )
.
Per il quinto giorno consecutivo in diversi quartieri di Palermo sono stati dati alle fiamme cumuli di rifiuti , cassonetti e campane per la raccolta differenziata .
Venticinque gli interventi dei vigili del fuoco tra le 21 di ieri sera e le 5 di stamane .
Cumuli di immondizia sono stati bruciati nei quartieri Zisa , Brancaccio e Villagrazia e in corso dei Mille .
Momenti di tensione in via Tiro a Segno , dove i vigili del fuoco sono stati insultati dalla gente esasperata ed è dovuta intervenire la polizia per sedare gli animi .
Cassonetti in fiamme anche in provincia , a Capaci , Carini , Cefalù e Villabate .
サイト内検 索 AND OR
HOME→ナビゲーション編→その入力フォームは大丈夫？
その入力フォームは大丈夫？
ショッピングカートやお問い合わせ、アンケートなどでは欠かせない入力フォーム。しかし、使いづらいものも多々見受けられます。以下のような使いづらい入力フォームは、訪問者に嫌がられ、入力フォームを設置した目的を達成できない原因になります。 入力項目が多すぎる
細かい入力制限があ る
入力内容に合っていない入力方法
どの入力項目に対応しているかわかりづらい
どれが必須入力項目なのかわかりづらい
入力方法がわかりづらい
デフォルトで入力されている値が誘導的・強要的
送信とキャンセルを間違えやすい
ボタンのラベルとアクションの不一致
1つずつしかエラーを返さない
エラーメッセージが高飛車
エラーになった後で戻ると、入力した項目が全部消える
送信したことを後悔させてしまう
ちゃんと送信できているか不安になる
返信がいつになるのかわからない
メールフォーム以外の問い合わせ手段がない せっかく入力フォームを設置するのですから、気分よく、目的を達成してもらいものですね。良い入力フォームを作るためのポイントを説明します。
入力項目は必要最小限に
その入力項目が本当に必要であればまだいいのですが、「なぜこの項目を入力しなければいけないのか？」という疑問が湧いてくるようなものはダメです。あと、アンケートであるなら調査目的もあった方がよいです。
フォーム設置側としてはついついあれもこれもと項目を増やしがちですが、入力フォームを使う目的を達成するのに必要最小限の項目数にしましょう。
なお、個人情報を収集する際は、プライバシーポリシーに関する文書をサイト内に置き、入力フォームのページからリンクを張って参照してもらう形をとるとよいです。
入力制限は最小限 に
あるところでは半角英数字、別のところでは全角カタカナといったように、いちいちIMEのON/OFFを切り替えたり、ファンクションキーで文字種を切り替えるのは面倒です。ある程度パソコン操作になれていても面倒な操作です。初心者だと、現在、どの文字種で入力が行われているのかが把握できていなかったり、文字種の変換方法がわからないといったことも考えられるでしょう。 パスワードやID、ふりがな等でどうしても一定の文字種で入力して欲しい場面があるかとは思います。その場合は、入力する前にその旨を説明しましょう。これはアクセシビリティ上の配慮のためです。
また、サーバサイドスクリプト側で制御できる場合は積極的に活用していきましょう。（特にふりがな部分）
適切な入力方法を選 ぶ
フォームの入力部品にはそれぞれ適・不適な場面があります。以下の表を参考にして下さい。
各フォーム入力部品の適・不適 入力部品 使うのに適している場面 使うのに適さない場面 単行テキストボックス 短い内容の入力 長い内容の入 力
選択肢からの選択 複数行テキストボックス 長い内容の入力 短い内容の入 力
選択肢からの選択 ラジオボタン 複数選択肢から必 ず1 つだけ選択す る
選択肢が7個程度まで
入力用スペースが十分に取れる 選択肢を設けていない場合
複数選択肢から複数選択可能
入力用スペースが十分に取れない チェックボックス 複数選択肢から複数選択可 能
チェックを入れることで二者択一の選択をする
選択肢が10個程度までで入力用スペースが十分に取れる 選択肢を設けていない
複数選択肢から1つだけ選択する
入力用スペースが十分に取れない プルダウンメニュー（単数） 選択肢の内容が予測でき、かつ必ず1つだけ選択する
入力用スペースを節約する 選択肢を設けていな い
複数選択肢から複数選択可能
選択肢の内容が予測できない
選択肢が多すぎる プルダウンメニュー（複数） 選択肢の内容が予測でき、かつ複数選択可 能
入力用スペースを節約する 選択肢を設けていな い
複数選択肢から1つだけ選択する
選択肢の内容が予測できない
選択肢が多すぎ る
入力部品と対応するラベルを明確にする
余裕があるのなら入力部品は縦並びのほうがいいです。横並びにするときは、入力部品と対応するラベルが明確になるよう、項目間に空白をもうけるなどしましょう。 また、明示的にLABEL要素で示すのも良い方法です。特に、チェックボックスやラジオボタンで有効です。入力部品だけでなく、ラベルをクリックしても、入力部品が反応します。アクセシビリティ上も良いことです。
LABEL要素で明示する場合にはLABEL要素のfor属性と入力部品のid属性が同じ値になるようにして下さい。例とHTMLソースを出します。 はい
いいえ
< input type =" radio " name = " yesor " id =" yes " checked >
< label for =" yes " >はい</label ><br>
< input type =" radio " name = " yesor " id = " no " >
< label for =" no " >いいえ</ label >< br> < input type =" submit " value= " 送信 " >
必須項目は必須と明示する
入力が必須な項目については、入力の前に必須であることを漢字で示して下さい。記号や色だけで必須項目であるのを示すのはアクセシビリティ上よくありません。
入力方法を明示す る
電話番号、郵便番号、クレジットカード番号など、ハイフンを入れるのか入れないのかわからない場合があります。入力前に入力例を示しましょう。もしくは、-で区切って入力部分を区切りましょう。
デフォルトとする値には配慮する
アンケートの場合は、中立性を保つようにして下さい。紙面で行うアンケートとは異なり、ラジオボタンで選択する場合はデフォルト値が入っていることが多いですが、（というより、(X)HTMLではラジオボタン群には１つのデフォルト値を選択しておかなければなりません。）誘導的な回答をさせるようなデフォルト値にしないで下さい。
また、会員登録や資料請求などでも、メールマガジンの購読などを強要するような選択肢は慎むべきです。
リセットボタンは不 要
入力フォームで入力することを止める場合は、ブラウザを閉じてしまうのが大半です。わざわざ、<input type=" reset " >のタグを挿入する必要はありません。すなわち、リセットボタンは不要です。
また、入力項目を訂正するために「戻る」などのボタンを付けるときは、「戻る」を先につけて下さい。これはアクセシビリティ上の配慮のためです。
ボタンのラベルと動作は一致させる
ボタンのラベルに書いてあることと、ボタンを押したときの動作は一致させるようにして下さい。「次へ」でいきなり入力完了やメール送信されても困ります。
エラーはまとめて返しましょう
入力エラーとなった場合は、エラーになった部分をまとめて返すようにして下さい。１つ１つ値をチェックしてエラーを返していると、怒られた気分が増していきます。
エラーメッセージは肯定的、かつ丁寧に示す
メッセージは否定形ではなく、肯定形で示すようにして下さい。
たとえば、半角英数字のみとなっている場合に他の文字種が入っていた場合には、「半角英数字で入力されていません。」ではなく、「半角英数字で入力して下さい。」と示すようにしましょう。
また、メッセージの言葉遣いも丁寧にして下さい。ただでさえ、エラーを犯してしまってしょぼくれているところに追い打ちをかけるような真似はダメです。
エラーになった場合には正常な入力値を保持する
エラーになった後で入力画面に戻ると、入力した項目が全部消えるなんていうのは、最悪です。訪問者によっては、「もうええわ！」と拒絶反応を示すことでしょう。
パスワードなどを一部消すのも止めて下さい。新たなエラーの原因になります。私はよくこれで引っかかります。
個人情報 はPOSTで送る
FORM要素を使う場合 にPOSTメソッドで送るメリットは、URLに送った値が出ないことです。一方、GETで送るとURLに送った値が出てしまいます。URLから個人情報が漏れるようなことがないようにして下さい。
送信ができたら完了メッセージを出そう
フォームの送信ができた場合は、入力してくれた旨を感謝する完了メッセージを出しましょう。無事に送信された旨が訪問者に伝われば安心します。
いつ返信があるのか明記する
特に商用サイトの場合に重要です。いつ品物が届くのか、会員登録が無事に済んだのか等は明記しておきましょう。
メールフォーム以外の手段も用意する
これも商用サイトの場合に重要です。問い合わせをしたいときに、メールフォームだとどこに送られるのかわかりません。電話番号、FAX番号などのインターネット以外での問い合わせ手段やメールアドレスの掲載をしましょう。そうすることで、訪問者のメールフォームに対する不安も緩和されます。
HOME へ戻る ナビゲーション編目次へ
リンクに関してはご自由にどうぞ。
