Tiger Woods ' had plastic surgery after wife battered him with a nine - iron , ' claims leading American sportswriter
It is being billed as the ' inside ' story of the car crash that led to Tiger Woods ' fall from grace .
The account , which is sweeping the internet , includes claims that Woods , 33 , underwent plastic surgery to cover up the injuries sustained when his wife Elin allegedly struck him in the face with a 9 - iron golf club after a row over text messages .
It claims the blow fractured Woods 's cheekbone and almost knocked out his two front teeth , prompting the star to seek plastic surgery .
Confrontation : Elin Nordegren hit husband Tiger Woods with a nine - iron , according to sportswriter Furman Bisher
Respected voice : Sports writer Furman Bisher , who has covered every Kentucky Derby since 1950 , made the claims on his blog
It also claims that the facial injuries are the real reason Woods has not been seen in public since the November 27 incident outside his Florida home .
But last night there was growing speculation that 91 - year - old journalist Furman Bisher had become the victim of an internet hoax .
He claims to have been given the story by a trusted source but critics say there are contradictions in the story and that it has been circulating online for some time .
According to the story published on Bisher 's blog , Woods flew to Arizona for surgery and his absence from Florida was the reason police were unable to speak with him .
The account claims that Woods and his wife Elin argued after she found text messages from nightclub hostess Rachel Uchitel .
It says : ' At one point Tiger turned away to look at the TV , and as he turned back , Elin hit him on the right side of the face with the head of a 9 - iron .
Scene of the drama : Tiger Woods ' Florida mansion ( centre ) where the row broke out on the night of Thanksgiving
Caught in the act : Woods had allegedly been texting Rachel Uchitel
' When she struck Tiger , she put a huge gash in the right side of his face next to his nose ( causing his nose to bruise some ) , and virtually knocking two of his upper teeth out , and breaking the bone on the upper right side .
' Tiger ran scared as hell out of the house ( which is why he had on no shoes ) with Elin swinging the golf club throughout the hallway to the garage ( i.e. causing the severe damage which has been reported ) .
' Tiger hopped in the Escalade [ his car ] and tried to leave ; and as we know Elin knocked out the windows in the Escalade .
' When Tiger crashed , Elin panicked and was not sure what to tell the police ( which is why there are two conflicting stories from her ) ' .
Bisher said the information about came from a colleague of the golf star 's agent , Mark Steinberg .
However , one respected U.S. golf journalist said he believed the account was a hoax as Woods 's agent Mark Steinberg was in California at the time of the incident .
But according to the Bisher story Steinberg met Woods at the Florida hospital where he was treated for his injuries .
Other bloggers said it would be unlikely for Woods to leave his mobile phone unattended knowing it contained messages from another woman .
Taliban ' being forced out ' in Operation Moshtarak
US troops try to consolidate positions in Marjah
A joint Nato and Afghan military operation is succeeding in pushing Taliban fighters from their strongholds in Helmand province , officials say .
On day three of Operation Moshtarak , senior Afghan officers said areas around Marjah and Nad Ali were being cleared of insurgents .
However , US troops in Marjah were being slowed down by snipers and home - made bombs , a BBC correspondent says .
The campaign aims to bring the areas back under Afghan government control .
However , the operation suffered a setback on Sunday when rockets fired by coalition troops killed 12 civilians .
Nato commander Gen Stanley McChrystal said that he " deeply regretted this tragic loss of life " .
In another blow to the coalition , Nato announced on Monday that five more civilians had been killed in an air strike outside of the operation - in Kandahar province .
' Low resistance '
On Monday , Afghan Brig Gen Sher Mohammad Zazai said coalition troops had largely contained the insurgents .
Day - by - day report and map
He said local residents were helping troops to locate explosives left by the Taliban .
" Today there is no major movement of the enemy , " he said .
" South of Marjah they are very weak .
There has been low resistance .
Soon we will have Marjah cleared of enemies . "
Gen Aminullah Patiani told AFP news agency " all of the areas of Marjah and Nad Ali have been taken by combined forces .
They are under our control " .
ANALYSIS Frank Gardner ,
BBC News , Kandahar
It 's day three of the joint Nato - Afghan military operation and forces have experienced both successes and setbacks .
After inserting thousands of troops by helicopter into Taliban - held territory , Nato commanders say they are so far achieving their military objectives .
Meanwhile US , British and Afghan forces are having to cope with an unexpectedly high number of improvised explosive devices ( IEDs ) .
For all the hi-tech aerial surveillance , infrared cameras and sophisticated eavesdropping at Nato 's disposal , its forces appear to have underestimated the scale of the problem of these roadside bombs .
Situation report : Day three
He added : " The Taliban have left the areas , but the threat from IEDs [ improvised explosive devices ] remains . "
Marjah resident Haji Mohammed Jan told the BBC the Taliban had tried to stop people leaving , but he and others had managed to escape .
" All we had we have left behind .
We do n't like fighting .
We are tired of it . "
Dawud Ahmadi , a spokesman for Helmand 's governor , said nearly 1,000 displaced families had arrived in the provincial capital , Lashkar Gah .
Afghan MP Fauzia Koffi told the BBC that residents were confused about the operation , because the military offensive was very different from the suggestion at a recent conference in London that elements of the Taliban should be engaged in talks .
She also said that the Taliban had not allowed civilians to leave Marjah and if civilian casualties increased it would adversely affect the opinion of the Afghan people .
' Exceptionally proud '
The BBC's Frank Gardner , at Kandahar air base , says a clear difference is emerging between Nad Ali - where British troops are operating , and Marjah to the south where US troops are focused .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
While British forces have been able to move quickly to their objectives , US Marines are advancing slowly and painstakingly , being held back by snipers and more home - made bombs than they had expected , he said .
The BBC's Ian Pannell , embedded with British forces in Nad Ali , says troops have been spreading out to try to reassure locals , listen to their complaints and assuage their fears .
He says the locals appeared happy to see the Afghan army but did not want the arrival of police , who they see as corrupt , partisan and inept .
Military intelligence experts believe most Taliban who have chosen to stay and fight are concentrated around Marjah .
In northern Marjah on Monday , an armoured column came under fire from at least three sniper teams , AP news agency reported .
HIMARS ROCKET SYSTEM US artillery rocket system developed by Lockheed Martin Carries six rockets on mobile launcher .
Range can exceed 45 km ( 28 miles )
Alternative payload is one long - range ATMS guided missile Uses include targeting artillery , air defences , light armour and in infantry support Able to launch and move quickly before retaliatory strike Prototypes used during Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Entered full US service in 2005
Afghan voices on Moshtarak
In pictures : Moshtarak day three Mark Urban 's blog Civilians die in Kandahar strike Reuters quoted US Marines as saying they had twice unsuccessfully tried to clear one bazaar area in Marjah of enemy positions .
Despite the setbacks , Nato and Afghan commanders insist they now have enough troops to hold the ground taken and will soon be bringing in hundreds of newly trained police to re-establish Afghan government control .
Operation Moshtarak , meaning " together " in the Dari language , is the biggest coalition attack since the Taliban fell in 2001 .
The operation is also considered the first big test of US President Barack Obama 's new " surge " strategy for Afghanistan .
Nato has stressed that the safety of civilians in the areas targeted is their highest priority .
However , on Sunday two rockets fired from the High Mobility Artillery Rocket System ( Himars ) in the Marjah area hit a building and killed 12 Afghan civilians .
In the second incident on Monday , Nato said the five Afghan civilians killed were mistakenly believed to be insurgents planting explosives on a road in the Zhari district of Kandahar province .
Gen McChrystal immediately suspended all use of the Himars rocket system and Afghan President Hamid Karzai ordered an investigation .
However , on Monday a senior Nato official told the BBC the rockets were not off target as initially reported .
The building was targeted as coalition forces were receiving fire from it , the official said , but they did not realise there were civilians inside .
Two insurgents along with the 12 civilians were killed , the official said .
At a news conference on Monday , Gen McChrystal said that before the operation had begun , President Karzai had stressed the importance of protecting Afghan civilians .
" This operation has been done with that in mind , " he said , adding he was " exceptionally proud " of how coalition forces were performing .
Speaking at the same conference , Afghan interior minister Mohammad Hanif Atmar urged Taliban fighters to lay down their arms and take up the government 's offer of reconciliation .
" There is no way you can win there , the Afghan people are determined to win , " he said .
HAVE YOUR SAY
The " surge " approach drove most of the insurgents out of Iraq and there is no reason why it should n't work in Afghanistan Alan Trent , London Send us your comments
The 15,000 - strong coalition force includes 4,000 US Marines , a similar number of British troops plus a large Afghan contingent .
Soldiers from Canada , Denmark and Estonia are also involved .
Two Nato deaths related to Operation Moshtarak have so far been confirmed .
On Saturday , a British soldier , Lance Sergeant David Greenhalgh of 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards , died in an improvised explosive device ( IED ) attack , while a US soldier was killed by gunfire in Marjah .
Another British casualty was announced on Monday , although not connected to Operation Moshtarak .
UK officials said the soldier from 2nd Battalion , The Duke of Lancaster 's Regiment died during an night - time patrol near Musa Qaleh in Helmand on Sunday .
At least 20 Taliban fighters were killed and another 11 detained on Saturday , the Afghan army said .
Are you in Helmand province ?
What will the military operation there achieve ?
Send us your views using the form below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
U.S. Hopes to Resume Haitian Earthquake Victim Airlifts Soon Private flights still heading out ; Fla. gov. says state is ready to help .
Jan. 31 , 2010  --
The U.S. hopes to resume suspended military flights to airlift injured Haiti earthquake victims in coming hours , a White House official said .
" The flights are on track to resume in the next 12 hours , " White House spokesman Tommy Vietor said in a Sunday evening statement .
" Patients are being identified for transfer , doctors are making sure that it is safe for them to fly , and we are preparing specific in - flight pediatric care aboard the aircraft where needed .
...
We are working with the Haitian government and the international community to meet this urgent need and save lives . "
Officials had come under criticism over the suspension of flights amid reports that they were halted over disputes involving payment , but the White House told ABC News it had nothing to do with money .
" The flights were temporarily suspended because to medevac people you need somewhere to take them , " a White House official said earlier Sunday .
In recent days , the U.S. military has run into problems finding facilities with the right medical capabilities and the capacity to treat severely wounded Haitians .
" Having received assurances that additional capacity exists both here and among our international partners , we determined that we can resume these critical flights , " Vietor said Sunday evening .
It is also logistically difficult , the White House official said , to find places to land large C - 130 military aircraft near an appropriate hospital .
So far , the state of Florida has taken in the majority of airlifted Haitians .
In an interview on " Good Morning America Weekend , " Florida Gov. Charlie Crist said " to his knowledge " no flights had been halted -- though , according to the White House , that is not the case .
In any event , Crist said he did not personally order any stop to airlifts to his state .
" It 's all hands on deck here in the Sunshine State , " Crist said .
" We 're welcoming Haitians with open arms and probably [ have ] done more than any other state and [ are ] happy to continue to do so . "
Florida has helped more than 526 people from Haiti since the earthquake , Crist said , and 171 remain under care in Florida hospitals .
Crist conceded that a letter he sent to Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius on Wednesday may have added to the confusion over airlifts .
In that letter , a copy of which was sent to ABC News , Crist said " Florida 's healthcare system is quickly reaching saturation . "
Crist asked that the federal government activate the " National Disaster Medical System to assist in distributing these critically ill medical patients to other states and to ensure states are appropriately reimbursed for their services . "
Crist told ABC
News that someone may have misinterpreted his letter and ordered a stop to flights .
" I think that 's probably what actually did occur .
That 's unfortunate , " he said .
Gov. Crist Says Florida Will Continue to Help Haitians With Medical Needs
The White House official conceded that Florida 's limited resources did play into the decision made to suspend flights .
But White House spokesman Tommy Vietor was clear that the suspension was not a long - term policy decision .
" This is an unprecedented relief effort with enormous logistical hurdles , and we are working through those in an effort to resume medical evacuation flight , " Vietor wrote in an e-mail to ABC News Sunday .
" The United States government is working collaboratively with our partners in states , internationally , with non-governmental organizations , and of course with the Haitian government to provide medical care to the Haitian people , " Vietor wrote .
Vietor said the U.S. government is working to expand medical capabilities on the ground in Haiti by the hour .
Meanwhile , private airlift flights appear to be continuing .
From the Miami field hospital near the Port - au - Prince airport , ABC News ' David Wright reported that a 5 - year - old with tetanus and two other sick patients were sent to a Philadelphia - area hospital early Sunday on a private jet .
Other private flights were bound for Chicago , Miami and Jacksonville , Fla .
Crist said Florida will continue to foot the bill to help Haitians .
" The price tab continues to go up , " he said .
" But that pales in comparison to the human loss .
We 're bearing that .
We 're happy to do so .
If our federal friends can help us , and they indicated they could , Secretary Sebelius and Secretary Napolitano .
So I 'm encouraged by that .
We will continue to accept Haitians and the repatriations .
The Floridians are a compassionate people , and our arms are open all the time . "
WEST VANCOUVER , British Columbia 
The night before the Australian snowboarder Torah Bright won the gold medal in the halfpipe , her parents hid in the closet .
Bright had told them not to come all this way , to wait until her wedding in June in Salt Lake City .
So when she walked into the house her parents privately shared with others not far from here , Peter and Marion slipped into a closet unnoticed until their daughter left .
“ ‘ Whatever you want , ’ ” Marion Bright said she told her daughter months ago about not coming to the Winter Olympics .
“ ‘ We wo n’t rock the boat . ’
But we were always coming . ”
When Torah Bright lighted up a dark night at Cypress Mountain with a gold medal run and her effervescent smile , she looked into the grandstands at the Aussie contingent cheering her wildly .
She spotted some blond hair that looked like her father ’s , then her mother waving next to him .
Yes , it is them , said her brother and coach , Ben .
And Bright burst into tears .
Keith Olbermann has been taking heat from his critics for his blistering characterization on Monday ’s Countdown of then - candidate Scott Brown .
On Tuesday night he blasted back .
“ I wanted to apologize for calling Senator - elect Scott Brown an irresponsible , homophobic , racist , reactionary , ex-nude model , tea - bagging supporter of violence against women and against politicians with whom he disagrees , ” Olbermann began .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I am sorry , ” he went on .
“ I left out the word sexist . ”
Conservative blogs had condemned Olbermann ’s original remarks , using words like obscene , shameful , and despicable .
Even Olbermann ’s fellow MSNBC host Joe Scarborough described the attack on Brown in a Twitter post as “ reckless and sad . ”
“ For all the blowback from the right on this comment , ” Olbermann responded on Tuesday , “ from people who regularly mutter worse things about Barack Obama in their sleep , when it came to the facts that I cited to paint this picture of this horrifically unqualified senator - elect , we have heard nothing .
No contrary evidence , no refutation , not even a plausible excuse . ”
Olbermann focused in particular on his description of Brown as a “ supporter of violence against women and against politicians with whom he disagrees . ”
He pointed out that even if you accept the explanation that Brown did n’t hear the call from a member of his audience to shove a curling iron up Martha Coakley ’s butt , “ Where was his later statement decrying the obscenity and violence his supporter had suggested ? ”
“ If he or you do n’t like that characterization , my answer to you is simple , ” concluded Olbermann .
“ Disprove it .
Because he has n’t . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown , broadcast Jan. 19 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
The legal team at Hofland & Tomsheck understands the responsibility we owe our clients in every case we take on .
We have been practicing in the greater Las Vegas area since 1997 and have handled thousands of cases involving divorce and other family law issues , accidents , injury , and wrongful death .
Our Las Vegas divorce attorneys know how deeply your life and future may be affected by your legal issue and how crucial our work is to the success of your case .
As experienced , respected , and trusted attorneys who have served clients in both state and federal courts , we bring passion , skill , and tenacity to the negotiation table as well as the courtroom .
Working as a team , we offer considerable combined experience and knowledge .
We are committed to finding effective legal solutions that will arrive at the best possible case outcome .
In the wake of any accident or other incident in which you have been injured , you may be facing physical pain , emotional trauma , and financial loss .
When this situation has been caused by someone else ’s negligence , careless , reckless , or intentional behavior , you may be entitled to compensation for your damages .
As experienced litigators in complex civil cases , we have successfully assisted innumerable individuals and their families in recovering rightful damages through injury and wrongful death claims .
We can give you the answers you need at a time when you need them the most .
As aggressive advocates for your best interests , we fight for a fair and just result whether through a settlement or a civil court verdict .
Divorce and other family law matters can be among the most stressful of life experiences .
When faced with the uncertainties surrounding a divorce , child custody dispute , paternity case , relocation of a divorced parent with a child , complex property division , adoption , separation , alimony , prenuptial agreement , or other matter , you will need caring , supportive , and effective legal help .
That is what our Las Vegas divorce attorneys do as partners in family law cases .
Our extensive trial work , knowledge , and commitment to your best future sets us apart when it comes to resolving your legal problem .
Free Case Consultation .
To learn more about your particular case , what it involves , and how we can assist you , contact the firm for a free case consultation .
Let us use our experience and commitment to resolve your legal matter at the negotiation table or in court .
This programme begins with a series of vox pops involving working class , usually unemployed , white people regurgitating scaremongering headlines .
The explicit remit of the programme is to challenge the racism of those workers by proving to them that they could n't do the jobs that immigrant workers do .
It essentially shares the purview of the employers of migrant labour , who explain that they would be out of business if they had to recruit from the local unemployed .
Of course there 's a heavy selection bias in the programme , because it can only feature those employers of migrant labour who are happy to have their workplaces filmed and have their practises discussed on air .
And the programme backs up their claim that the reason they have turned to migrant labour is because , somehow and at some point , local workers just stopped being interested in such jobs and opted for the dole instead .
Unemployment , in this light , is voluntary , and arises from some sort of psychic shift in the workforce .
The truth behind this convoluted tale is much more simple : the politico - legal oppression of migrant workers makes the cost of their labour ( ie , the cost of reproducing their labour ) much less expensive , and it usually works to render those workers much more submissive .
Employers like that .
Historically , systems of migrant and segregated labour work very similarly in that the costs of reproducing their labour power are reduced by the conditions of oppression .
In pre-apartheid South Africa , for example , segregated and migratory labour were combined .
African workers were imported from the rural economy , housed in cramped , collective living quarters , fed a standardised diet purchased in bulk , and transported collectively to the mineral mines ( where they were admitted only to the most menial jobs on account of ' colour bar ' policies ) .
They may have had a family to support , but not in the city centre , and thus the remittance they needed to provide their family with was not elevated by city prices .
All of this was much less expensive than the process of feeding , housing and transporting the white workers who lived in individual houses in the Witwatersrand core with high rents , ate in individualised units , had families to support and travelled individually .
Hence , the politico - legal oppression of African workers meant that the cost of reproducing their labour was reduced , thus increasing profits .
In today 's migration economy , similar principles apply .
Migrants often have shaky legal status , even if they have documentation .
The TUC points out that even where the legal status of migrant workers is insuperable , they are made unaware of their rights and are usually unable to enforce them short of high - risk militancy .
This is a situation that is maintained on purpose as it provides low cost labour to both private and public sector institutions .
Most migrants live in cramped , collective accomodation , are transported collectively , eat collectively , and any families they support are based in poorer countries where average incomes and prices are lower , thus reducing the amount of any remittance that needs to be sent .
Hence , the cost of their labour is reduced .
This means that more jobs are created that otherwise could not possibly have been created .
The effect of the last big wave of labour migration in the UK , consistent with this outline , was to increase total employment without decreasing unemployment or job vacancies .
New jobs were created because employers could afford the cheaper labour , but the old jobs were not filled because they were n't available to migrant workers and because a set of geographical and skill factors excluded local workers from taking those jobs .
What this means is that British workers could not , even if they were masochistic enough to want to , work in the same conditions that most migrant workers have to accept .
To attempt it would be to attempt a perverse hoax in which one abandoned one 's status as a British citizen , fled with one 's family to a relatively poor country and gained citizenship there , accepted lower living standards , and then left one 's family behind to try to get into the UK , legally or otherwise .
Oh , and one would have to forget almost everything one had ever learned , because the first sign that one was socialised in the UK might alert any handler or employer that there 's something awry .
And the only thing that one would learn from such zaniness is that a worker 's position in the global labour market is socially produced , maintained by politico - legal institutions and social forces much larger than any individual worker .
The cost of labour is determined by all of these factors , and unemployment is not voluntary .
The BBC 's programme is an argument for exploitation .
One last point .
Ruling class ideology on this subject oscillates between two mutually reinforcing poles .
On the one hand , there is a patronising concern for the ' white working class ' , which scapegoats migrants , black people and ' politically correct ' policies for the supposed alienation of white workers from politics .
On the other hand , there is a condescending endorsement of the ' work ethic ' of immigrants , as if their oppression and exploitation was a fact about their personalities or culture .
From a different perspective , this attitude also blames immigrants , in this case for being more available for undignified , hyper - exploitative , low - paid labour than their local counterparts .
What neither attitude can admit , what the ruling dogma can never allow , is that workers of whatever status have more in common with one another than with their bosses .
An Ipswich man has only narrowly avoided jail for downloading graphic cartoon porn images featuring child characters from and television shows .
The 28 - year - old former security guard was handed a 12 - month suspended prison sentence and is now a registered sex offender after pleading guilty in Ipswich District Court to having the bizarre images on his computer .
Kurt James Milner Credit : Queensland Times
Police went to Kurt James Milner ’s Leichhardt home on January 24 , 2008 after receiving an anonymous tip - off about the disturbing material .
Officers took his home computer , whichwould no longer turn on , but a year later police forensic experts recovered 64 images of cartoon child exploitation material in the machine ’s recycle bin .
The images depicted figures from , The and in sexually explicit positions .
Read the full story at The Queensland Times .
Rob sez ,
" Documents recently obtained through access to information legislation show that author David Bernans was being spied upon by investigators at Concordia University in Montreal .
" In this first - person narrative , Bernans chronicles his experience dealing with Concordia 's security apparatus , and questions the motivations of a university that spies on and censors its students . "
Christ , a university with its own private eye squad made up of failed Fed cops ?
What 's next , a no- fly list for the campus shuttle - bus ?
Lookit these Keystone Kop bumblers , chasing people around because they 're " interested in bilingualism . "
Hey , Concordia grads , is this how you want your alumni donations being spent ?
The entire text of Investigator Lachance 's September 7 , 2006 , email report on my activities is reproduced below ( translated from its original French by the bilinguaphile yours truly ) .
Greetings ,
I learned this morning that Dr. Bernans will give two readings for a " launch " of his book , " Beyong 9/11 " ( sic. ) : one at McGill University , on September 11 , 2006 , at 4:30 p.m. and one at Concordia University , the same day at 7 p.m. at the Coop Bookstore .
It seems that Dr. Bernans is interested in bilingualism at Concordia .
He was photographing posters this morning .
Jacques Lachance , Investigator
The email was sent from the investigator to the head of Concordia Security , Jean Brisebois ( a former RCMP agent ) , and a copy sent to Robert Rivard ( another member of the Concordia Security establishment ) .
Robert Rivard replied the same day to thank the investigator for his report , saying cryptically ( at least from my perspective as outsider trying to make sense of these internal communications )
" Agents will be informed . "
To be honest , I was more than a little miffed that the investigator got the title of my book wrong .
For the record , the novel is called North of 9/11 ( Cumulus Press , 2006 ) .
He managed to get the time and place of both events right , but neither of the readings could be described as a " launch " since the book had already been launched at Concordia the previous spring .
I have no clue what the reference to bilingualism means and I have no recollection of having taken any photographs of posters that morning at the Montréal downtown campus .
In fact , it would have been quite a feat since I had no camera .
I do recall a photographer from a McGill student newspaper snapping pictures of me going up and down the clunky escalators connecting the floors of the concrete bloc that is Concordia 's Hall Building .
I suppose that could have been what the investigator was reporting to his superiors , thinking the photographer was working for me on some secret terrorist bilingual reconnaissance mission .
But why " agents " ( presumably campus security guards ) needed to be informed about any of this , is puzzling to say the least .
Welcome to DreamPie !
DreamPie is a Python shell which is designed to be reliable and fun .
DreamPie was designed from the ground up to bring you a great interactive Python experience :
DreamPie features a new concept for an interactive shell : the window is divided into the history box , which lets you view previous commands and their output , and the code box , where you write your code .
This allows you to edit any amount of code , just like in your favorite editor , and execute it when it 's ready .
You can also copy code from anywhere , edit it and run it instantly .
The Copy code only command will copy the code you want to keep , so you can save it in a file .
The code is already formatted nicely with a four - space indentation .
Features automatic completion of attributes and file names .
Automatically displays function arguments and documentation .
Keeps your recent results in the result history , for later use .
Can automatically fold long outputs , so you can concentrate on what 's important .
Lets you save the history of the session as an HTML file , for future reference .
You can then load the history file into DreamPie , and quickly redo previous commands .
Automatically adds parentheses and optionally quotes when you press space after functions and methods .
For example , type execfile fn and get execfile ( " fn " ) .
and get .
Supports interactive plotting with matplotlib .
Supports virtually all Python implementations : 2.5+ , 3.1+ , Jython , IronPython and PyPy .
Works on Windows , Linux and Mac .
Extremely fast and responsive .
Free software licensed under GPL version 3 .
See it in action
The DreamPie window Function documentation and filename completion .
There 's attribute completion too , of course !
DreamPie with matplotlib Interrupt the process or kill it - the history is preserved !
Results are automatically saved in the result history .
Long output sections are automatically folded .
Jython support makes DreamPie an excellent tool for exploring Java classes ... ... And IronPython support lets you explore .NET classes !
You can keep your session history as an HTML file , and load it back into DreamPie .
Participate
Please participate by reporting a bug suggesting a feature , joining the mailing list , joining #dreampie at freenode , or contributing code .
With your help , DreamPie can be made even better !
About Me
DreamPie was created by Noam Yorav - Raphael .
Some of the code is based on IDLE - the IDE shipped with Python .
I contributed the AutoComplete feature to IDLE , and worked with it quite a lot , but became frustrated with its limitations .
So I decided to write a new interactive shell , which will combine the best of IDLE , IPython and the plain old Python shell .
I hope you enjoy it !
Enlarge By Kazuhiro Nogi , AFP / Getty Images A Toyota Prius moves down a Tokyo street on Feb. 17 .
Consumer Reports magazine 's top pick for eco-friendly vehicle two weeks after the automaker recalled 437,000 hybrids to fix a brake software flaw .
Toyota Motor 's Prius retained its title asmagazine 's top pick for eco-friendly vehicle two weeks after the automaker recalled 437,000 hybrids to fix a brake software flaw .
The carmaker 's $ 76,572 Lexus LS460L was named best overall vehicle among more than 280 autos tested for the list of best vehicle by product category , CR said Tuesday .
The Prius won best " green " car for the seventh year in a row .
The Consumer Reports rankings , widely used by car buyers , may help Toyota weather recalls now totaling more than 8 million vehicles and widening probes into its handling of the faults .
CR also named General Motors ' Chevrolet Traverse best sport-utility vehicle and Chevy Silverado top pickup .
Nissan Motor had two " Top Picks , " the Altima sedan and Infiniti G37 sports sedan .
Other best vehicles included the Mazda5 , Subaru Forester , Volkswagen GTI and Hyundai Elantra SE .
Toyota 's Highlander and RAV4 SUVs were dropped from the Top Pick list because the company suspended sales as part of the recalls , said David Champion , deputy technical director at CR 's auto test center .
The magazine will re-evaluate the decision when sales resume , he said .
In response to the Toyota recalls , Consumers Union , the publisher of Consumer Reports , said that U.S. regulators should require simpler controls that allow drivers to turn off car engines in an emergency .
Technical experts at Consumer Reports found that in panic situations , vehicle controls such as ignition shut - offs may not operate the way drivers expect , Champion said .
The ignition push - button on some Toyotas such as the Prius was particularly difficult , Champion said .
It must be held three seconds for shut - off .
© 2010 Bloomberg L.P.
All Rights Reserved Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
At Pycon 2010 there was a presentation on cross-platform Python development .
There was a html page about it as well , containing some advice for cross-platform notification .
However , I do n't find it online anymore , but I saved a local copy , and this is the part on notifications :
There are occasions in which your application wants to notify the user about something : software updates are available , a new instant message have been received , the 300 page print job has finally finished , etc .
To keep notifications easy to port cross-platform , do n't make them interactive .
For example Ubuntu does not support notifications that require user interaction .
These are the most important libraries : o Linux : pynotify .
o Mac OS X : Growl , which is not standard , is usually installed .
o Windows : a good wxPython solution is ToasterBox of Andrea Gavana , which mimics the look of Firefox or Thunderbird notifications .
For Phatch we developed a library that unifies these three systems in one API : phatch / lib/notify.py .
The linked python file is very interesting , and I think you should be able to use the linked python file almost as is .
The code is also very clear , so you 'll quickly see what it does .
The basic approach is it detects what notification systems are available , almost regardless of the platform , and tries to use them in a certain order but falls back to more simple systems if necessary .
This way , if the user has e.g .
Growl installed it 'll use it , regardless of the platform .
You could adapt it to provide support for other notification systems than the three mentioned above .
A teenage literary sensation who lifted large parts of her debut hit novel from the Web , without giving credit , says she 's justified because " there 's no such thing as originality " .
For good measure , Helene Hegemann said the plagiarism was justified , because copyright holders had it coming .
17 - year old Hegemann 's Axolotl Roadkill , a bildungsroman , was published to critical and commercial acclaim last month .
But large chunks of the book were lifted , without credit , from a novel published by a pseudonymous blogger called Airen , whose novel Strobo is also a hedonistic coming of age novel .
Hegemann said she had freely mixed from various sources .
“ There ’s no such thing as originality anyway , just authenticity , ” she said in a statement .
You may have heard of Not - Invented - Here syndrome .
Well , this is Not -Invented - Anywhere syndrome , and it reflects an important strand of net culture .
Before activists and academics get too excited about this latest copyright martyr , and rush to the barricades on behalf of our teenage sensation , we should point out that Hegemann 's publisher Ullstein has gone and done a Chris Anderson - and fessed up .
Roadkill , it now acknowledges , contains 20 passages that were directly lifted , and at least 20 more were very similar to passages in Strobo - all without credit .
And giving credit seems to be what the fuss is about .
" Intertextual mixing " , as the academics call it this week , is itself nothing new .
Modernists writers such as Joyce and Eliot were er , remixing styles and even original texts 90 years ago .
The idea that new art builds upon existing art by adding something new and interesting - even if it 's small - is also ancient and so widely accepted , it 's non-controversial .
But it 's been traditional for writers using original sources to acknowledge them .
Now this is either done grudgingly , or not at all - with the defiance turned into a political gesture .
Hegemann 's weird insistence that there 's no such thing as creativity has become a part of nerd culture thanks to activists and nerd academics over the past decade , who ( ironically ) turned it into a lucrative business .
In an essay activists like to cite , Jonathan Latham wrote that , " substantially all ideas are secondhand , consciously and unconsciously drawn from a million outside sources , and daily used by the garnerer with a pride and satisfaction born of the superstition that he originated them " .
In other words , if you 'd just been floored by a piece of music , or a photograph , or a poem , say , that seemed to describe the world in a completely new and startling way - then you 've been tricked by a figment of your imagination .
There can be no new ways of looking at the world , since all the possible ways of looking at it have been there all along .
How convenient .
Beyond the blather
It 's a pity that for lack of positive initiatives , the debate drove up a cul de sac , and blame must be shared widely .
Fifteen years ago we saw the chance to restructure creative industries as the old oligopolies ' grip on production , distribution and publicity was weakened by new technology and digital networks .
The opportunity beckoned to reshape creators ' rights for the next two hundred years .
But this meant doing real politics and real engagement , rather than cyber - blathering .
An Ood
Instead , some nerds posed a question .
Could n't just pretend creativity does n't exist ?
It comes from somewhere , so perhaps we could assign authorship or originality to some amorphous collective entity , instead - a digital Hive Mind , perhaps , such as the telepathic backbrain nurtured by the Ood in Dr Who - and be done with it ?
The idea caught on .
And so , it was seen as much easier and more lucrative - particularly in academia - to wish the problem away .
Copyright is about credit , particularly credit of the valuable green , folding variety .
But if something could be found to avoid giving credit , then perhaps the whole difficulty could go away too ?
This is very much a stroppy three - year - old 's approach to a problem , but sometimes the internet can bring out the stroppy three - year - old in nerds .
Copyright is a social settlement and not something that lends itself to a clean compile , with ( 0 ) errors and ( 0 ) warnings .
Unfortunately this failed approach has n't really got us anywhere , except to drive us down an intellectual cul de sac , where creators are told ( often by wealthy , state funded academics ) that richer means poorer , plagiarism is originality , and obscurity means fame .
I think we can safely conclude this approach an epic failure . ®
Subject : IUP 3.0 , CD 5.3 and IM 3.6 Released
: From : " Antonio Scuri " < scuri@ ...>
: " Antonio Scuri " < scuri@ ...>
Date : Wed , 27 Jan 2010 03:45:35 - 0200
Hi ,
The new versions of these libraries have been released , including the final version of IUP 3.0 .
IUP is a portable toolkit for building graphical user interfaces .
In Windows uses the Win32 API , and in Linux uses the GTK .
CD is a platform - independent graphics library .
It is implemented in several platforms using native graphics libraries : Microsoft Windows ( GDI ) and X - Windows ( XLIB ) .
And can also output for several metafiles including PS , PDF and SVG , or to a RGBA image .
All using the same API .
IM is a toolkit for Digital Imaging .
IM is based on 4 concepts : Image Representation , Storage , Processing and Capture .
All have bindings to Lua .
You can find the list of changes and files for download at : http://www.tecgraf.puc-rio.br/iup/
http://www.tecgraf.puc-rio.br/cd/
http://www.tecgraf.puc-rio.br/im/
Best Regards , Antonio Scuri
A Career - Building Experience , an Affordable Degree
Get the best of both worlds : a college campus in a tree - lined neighborhood five minutes from Lake Michigan , and 15 minutes north of a bustling downtown with thousands of internships and job connections .
We are nationally recognized for our undergraduate research , and UWM students get real - world experiences that shape their education and careers , such as paid internships , entrepreneurship programs and community - based classes and volunteer opportunities .
Forge your own path , your way , at UWM .
Paul Williams has only run one marathon in his life , but by his own research , he could probably benefit from running a few more .
A scientist at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , Williams has put together the world 's largest study on runners , and the evidence found over 20 years of research points to an important conclusion :
When it comes to exercise , more is almost always better .
" When I started my study , everybody sort of knew exercise was beneficial .
The government was saying you get benefits by walking three or four times a week .
My data has shown the more you do , the greater the benefits , " Williams said .
" I 've had people doing 100 miles a week of running , and you could see benefits up to that level . "
To be sure , Williams is not suggesting that everyone try to run 100 miles a week , or even half of that .
But for years , he 's been a critic of national guidelines that recommend people get at least 150 minutes of exercise a week , or about 30 minutes a day , five days a week .
That 's a fine goal for the couch potatoes , Williams says , but it 's shortchanging the millions of Americans who already get the minimum amount of exercise and might not realize that doing more - maybe even doubling their workouts - would improve their health .
Williams ' catalog of more than 100,000 runners has produced dozens of scientific and medical papers looking at the effect of running on everything from heart disease and stroke to vision problems and arthritis .
The more miles people run , the less likely they are to develop heart disease or have strokes , Williams has found .
The health improvements continue up to about 50 miles a week of running , roughly eight hours .
Williams , for the record , runs about 35 miles a week .
It 's likely that health benefits keep growing above that level too - with the 100 - mile - a - week runners , for example - but there are n't enough people in Williams ' study running that much to provide hard data .
" Up until recently , the exercise research has pretty much focused on the couch potatoes , " Williams said .
" We 've become fixated on how to get fat people to lose weight .
But we should n't be pitching the weight loss and exercise thing only to the obese , sedentary people . "
The health improvements do n't just apply to runners - any sort of regular aerobic activity helps , and the more hours people put in , the more benefits they 'll see , Williams said .
But Williams ' findings have n't exactly caught on with the mainstream public health gurus .
It 's not that they disagree with Williams ' findings .
But doctors and public health officials worry that with half the country not meeting the current guidelines , even talking about running 50 miles a week will intimidate folks who are n't doing anything .
" The overwhelming majority of patients that I see really need the motivation to start , and seeing a 150 - minute goal gives them something to work toward , " said Dr. MaryAlice Ambrose , chief of patient education at Kaiser Permanente in Santa Clara .
" Most often , once patients start exercising on a regular basis , they feel so much better that they try to exceed that level on their own . "
Williams started his research project in 1991 , when he set out to study how much physical activity people needed to improve their health .
He decided to focus on runners because they 're an easy group to follow - they usually know exactly how much exercise they get , in terms of miles run , and they can gauge their fitness based on race times .
He started by buying the Runner 's World subscription list , which yielded about 55,000 runners to study .
Since then , he 's doubled that group , often by recruiting people at races .
He 's also started studying walkers , about 45,000 of them , to compare their health to runners .
The major benefit of his research cohort is its size - it 's unusual to have so many subjects to study .
A downside is that most of the information he 's gathered is self - reported - it's up to the individual runners to be honest about their health data and how much they run .
Studying the same people for nearly 20 years has allowed Williams to look at the effects of exercise over time .
Exercise , he said , seems to help prevent heart disease and stroke as well as vision problems like glaucoma and cataracts .
He has n't found a relationship between running and cancer prevention , he said - but that may just be a matter of time , since most of his runners were relatively young when the study began .
The running community has changed since 1991 and since Williams ran his own marathon in 1988 .
More people have picked up the sport , and endurance events have become more popular .
That 's just fine by Williams , of course .
Doctors may be reluctant to start encouraging all of their patients to go out and run marathons - especially if they 're starting an exercise regimen from scratch .
But at the same time , doctors say they 're increasingly viewing exercise as a critical health tool , equivalent to tracking a patient 's weight or blood pressure , or prescribing a drug .
" I tell my patients , however much exercise you 're getting , it would probably be even better to do a little more , " said Dr. Todd Weitzenberg , a sports medicine physician with Kaiser Permanente in Santa Rosa .
" I hope that patients , when they 've done the minimum requirements , when they see that they 've lost five pounds , that their blood pressure came down a couple of points , maybe they 'll up the ante . "
New South Wales Transport Minister David Campbell has apologised for wrongly claiming that journalists hacked into the transport blueprint website .
The company in charge of the website has admitted it was possible to get access to the information before the blueprint 's public release .
The company , Bang the Table , previously claimed the site was hacked .
On Tuesday , Mr Campbell told Parliament police were investigating how details of the blueprint were obtained in advance by the Sydney Morning Herald .
He alleged the blueprint site was hacked by people , including journalists , prompting the Sydney Morning Herald 's editor to say his staff " may well be hacks , but they are not hackers " .
In a statement , Bang the Table says while the front page of the blueprint site was password protected , other pages were temporarily accessible .
Mr Campbell was in the hot seat in Parliament today , where he apologised for making the claim .
" I made yesterday 's statement in good faith and based on information provided to me by Bang the Table , " he said .
" That information was wrong and accordingly I apologise .
Now it is time for Bang the Table to apologise . "
Mr Campbell told Parliament the State Government had now terminated its contract with Bang the Table .
The Opposition have called for Mr Campbell to be sacked because of the hundreds of millions of dollars wasted on the axed CBD Metro .
The Church of Uganda , the branch of the Anglican Communion there and led by the Most Rev. Henry Luke Orombi , has at last joined the chorus of voices on the nation ’s Anti-Homosexuality Bill .
So let it be known , once and for all , the Church does not support the bill .
Well , they do n’t support one tiny , self - serving part of it .
All the rest , they like !
The Church is just fine with the bill ’s calling for the death penalty for gays who have sex with minors , the disabled , or while HIV - positive .
The one thing they do n’t want lawmakers to do is allow prison time for anyone who fails to report alleged homosexuals , which could put doctors and — egads !
— church pastors in jeopardy of going to jail if they dare stumble upon A Gay and , rather than turn him in , try to counsel him with Jesus ’s message .
Otherwise , besides a clause recommending “ language that strengthens the existing Penal Code to protect the boy child , especially from homosexual exploitation ; to prohibit lesbianism , bestiality , and other sexual perversions ; and to prohibit procurement of material and promotion of homosexuality as normal or as an alternative lifestyle , be adopted , ” the Church of Uganda , which counts about a third of Ugandans among its flock , says in its statement that it wants to “ ensure that homosexual practice or the promotion of homosexual relations is not adopted as a human right . ”
Ugh .
Originally Posted : 2009-12-06 01:00
The guy who lives below me . . . - m 4 m
The mystery of Chinese savings
Shang - Jin Wei
What is the connection between China ’s one - child policy and its savings glut ?
This column provides a pioneering explanation .
China ’s surplus of men has produced a highly competitive marriage market , driving up China ’s savings rate and , therefore , global imbalances .
Much attention has been directed toward China ’s high savings rate ( Broda et al. 2009 , Prasad 2009 , Reisen 2009 ) .
Not only is the savings rate disproportionately high compared to virtually any other country , but it directly impacts China ’s current account surplus and the US consumer debt and trade deficit .
When national savings exceeds investment , the excess savings becomes China ’s current account surplus .
Given its far - reaching effects , both private sector analysts and policymakers have attempted to trace the causes of China ’s high savings rate and to predict how long it will last .
Some have attributed the savings primarily to Chinese corporations .
Others point to a precautionary savings motive – as Chinese are worried about costs of healthcare , education , and old - age pensions and are unsure about how much these costs might change over time , they save more .
But these explanations may not be the most important part of the story .
For example , while the Chinese corporate savings rate is high , the pattern is consistent with many countries .
For example , Korea and Japan always have an even higher corporate savings rate than China .
In fact , corporate savings rates in most countries have experienced a steady rise in the recent decades .
In research with Tam Bayoumi and Hui Tong ( 2009 ) , we show that to understand why China ’s national savings rate is so high , the corporate sector is the wrong place to start .
A marriage proposal
It is the high Chinese household savings that has no equal among major economies .
As to explanations related to poor social safety net , they have trouble being reconciled with the improvements in the pension system , health insurance , and other government programs in recent years .
Yes , the Chinese social safety net is still poor .
Yes , part of the Chinese savings is to make up for the inadequacy of the social safety net .
Yes , there may be some increase in the cost of healthcare .
But , as the social safety has improved and the insurance coverage has expanded over the last decade or so , we should expect household savings to decline , or at least not increase .
Yet , household savings as a share of disposable income almost doubled from 16 % in 1990 to over 30 % today .
In my recent research paper with Xiaobo Zhang ( Wei and Zhang 2009 ) , we hypothesised that a social phenomenon is the primary driver of the high savings rate .
For the last few decades China has experienced a significant rise in the imbalance between the number of male and female children born to its citizens .
There are approximately 122 boys born for every 100 girls today , a ratio that means about one in five Chinese men will be cut out of the marriage market when this generation of children grows up .
A variety of factors conspire to produce the imbalance .
For example , Chinese parents often prefer sons .
Ultra - sound makes it easy for parents to detect the gender of a foetus and abort the child that ’s not the “ right ” sex for them , especially as China ’s stringent family - planning policy allows most couples to have only one or two children .
Our study compared savings data across regions and in households with sons versus those with daughters .
We found that not only did households with sons save more than households with daughters on average , but that households with sons tend to raise their savings rate if they also happen to live in a region with a more skewed gender ratio .
Even those not competing in the marriage market must compete to buy housing and make other significant purchases , pushing up the savings rate for all households .
Cross-regional evidence
In Figure 1 , we have plotted the time series of the ( standardised ) Chinese private sector savings rate ( in red ) , defined as GDP less private and government consumption over GDP , from 1975 to 2005 against the ( standardised ) gender ratio at birth lagged by twenty years ( i.e. , 1955 - 1985 ) ( in blue ) .
There is a strikingly close connection between the two variables .
The savings rate started to shoot up around 2002 just as the gender ratio for the marriage - age cohort began to be seriously out of balance .
We show that this is more than a coincidence .
Figure 1 . Chinese private sector savings rate vs private savings 1955 - 2005
First , in panel regressions across 30 Chinese provinces during 1990 - 2007 , the local savings rate tends to be higher in regions and years in which the local gender ratio is higher .
This continues to be true after we control for local income level , income inequality , the enrolment in the social security system , the age profile of the local population , and the province and year fixed effects .
Second , we recognise possible endogeneity of , and measurement error in , local gender ratios , and employ an instrumental approach .
Gender ratio imbalance comes primarily from sex-selective abortions .
This , in turn , results from a combination of parental preference for sons , and some limit to the number of children a couple is allowed or wants to have ( which for the Chinese is a strict family - planning policy ) .
As suggested by other scholars , we use two measures of local financial penalties for violating family - planning policies – set more than a decade earlier – as instrumental variables for local gender ratio imbalance for the pre-marriage age cohort .
As an extension , we also add the fraction of the local population that is legally exempted from the family - planning policy as an additional instrument .
With either set of instruments , the effect of local gender ratios on local savings rates remains positive and statistically significant .
In fact , the point estimate becomes larger .
This suggests that an increasing imbalance in the gender ratio causes a rise in the savings rate .
Based on the point estimate in the instrumental regression , a rise in the gender ratio for the pre-marital age cohort from 1.05 to 1.14 ( which is the mean increase across the provinces from 1990 - 2007 ) would lead to a rise in the savings rate by 6.7 percentage points , which is about 42 % of the actual increase in the savings rate .
If we run separate regressions for rural and urban areas , we find that the elasticity of the local savings rate with respect to the local gender ratio is larger in rural areas than in urban areas .
An increase in the local gender ratio from 1.05 to 1.14 in the rural areas ( the actual mean increase from 1990 to 2007 ) could account for about 49 % of the actual increase in the savings rate .
Household - level evidence
We then examine household data using household surveys that cover 122 rural counties and 70 cities in 2002 .
While households with a son typically save more than households with a daughter , we do not regard this per se as supportive evidence of our hypothesis , since other channels could account for this difference .
Instead , the evidence that we find more compelling is that savings by otherwise identical households with a son are greater in regions with a higher local gender ratio .
This is something clearly predicted by our hypothesis , but not by any other existing explanations .
In addition , we find that savings by households with a daughter do not decline in regions with a high gender ratio .
This is consistent with the possibility pointed out in the model that the two opposing effects approximately cancel each other out .
It is also consistent with the possibility that the savings pressure on households with a son spills over to other types of households .
With household - level data , we can control for a variety of household features that allow us to measure the importance of lifecycle factors ( e.g. , the age structure of the family members ) and the precautionary savings motive ( education level of the household head , whether any member of the household works in a government sector , has lost a job , or has experienced major illness ) .
We find no robust support for the lifecycle hypothesis and some support for the precautionary savings motive .
Indeed , the quantitative effect of a rise in the gender ratio on the savings rate is unaffected by controlling for these factors .
Still , could the local gender ratio reflect some omitted or unobserved variables that also affect the household savings decision ?
One may imagine that a region with more intrinsic income uncertainty , or a greater local aversion to a given uncertainty , may simultaneously exhibit a higher local gender ratio imbalance and a higher local savings rate .
Can we rule this out ?
Yes .
A pure location - specific shock should affect savings by all households in the same region in the same way .
But that is not what we find .
Instead , only the savings by those households with a son react strongly and positively to a rise in the local gender ratio , while savings by households with a daughter do not .
The next possibility is far more challenging .
Could a gender ratio imbalance reflect something that is both location and household specific ?
For example , a region may have an unusually high level of income uncertainty that is common to all households , but some households care about this more than others .
Those with a stronger aversion to uncertainty may engage in a sex- selective abortion more aggressively and save more at the same time .
By construction , selection at both household and location level is much harder to rule out since our unit of observation is at the same level .
But there are good reasons to think that if we focus on households with a single child , such selection is unlikely to be quantitatively significant .
Ebenstein ( 2009 ) shows that gender ratio imbalance is overwhelmingly a result of sex- selective abortions at higher orders of birth .
That is , the gender ratio for first - born children is close to normal .
This is particularly true in rural areas .
Since a second child is officially permitted if the first child is a girl , and since many families exhibit a preference for a balanced gender ratio ( one boy and one girl ) over having two boys , there is very little reason to perform sex-selective abortions on the first pregnancy .
However , the gender ratio at birth goes up substantially over time for the second - born children and becomes even more skewed for higher order births .
This pattern is also pointed out by Zhu , Lu and Hesketh ( 2009 ) in an article in the British Medical Journal .
This suggests that the first son ( or daughter ) is unlikely to result from a sex- selective abortion .
In our empirical examination , when we restrict attention to households with only one child , we still see that those with a son exhibit a strongly positive elasticity of savings with respect to the local gender ratio , but those with a daughter do not .
Furthermore , savings by a household with a son are more sensitive to the gender ratio in rural areas .
Policy implications
While the conventional explanations for the high savings rate all play a role , this new research indicates those explanations are not as important as people previously thought .
While sociologists and other social scientists have looked at the gender ratio imbalance as a social problem , they have not looked at it in relation to the high Chinese savings rate .
Similarly , as economists and policymakers have looked with concern to the large Chinese current account surplus and large US current account deficit , or global imbalances , much of their discussion has focused on changing exchange rate policy .
None of the discussion about global imbalances has brought family - planning policy or women ’s rights to the table , because many do not see these issues as related to economic policy .
Our research suggests that this is a serious omission .
You can only implement the right policy when you have the appropriate diagnosis , and fruitful policy dialogue has to include discussion on these issues .
Editor ’s note :
This piece is an expanded version of the author ’s byline publication on Forbes.com , which in turn is based on his research paper with Xiaobo Zhang ( 2009 )
References
Bayoumi , Tam , Hui Tong , and Shang - Jin Wei ( 2009 ) , “ The Chinese Corporate Savings Puzzle : A Little International Comparison Can Go a Long Way ” , Unpublished working paper , IMF and Columbia University .
Broad , Christian , Piero Ghezzi , and Eduardo Levy - Yeyati ( 2009 ) , “ The new global balance : Financial de-globalisation , savings drain , and the US dollar ” , VoxEU.org , 22 May .
Ebenstein , Avraham ( 2009 ) , “ Estimating a dynamic model of sex selection in China , ” Harvard University mimeo .
Prasad , Eswar ( 2009 ) , " Getting past the blame game ” , VoxEU.org , 28 January .
Reisen , Helmut ( 2009 ) , “ On the renminbi and economic convergence ” , VoxEU.org , 17 December .
Wei , Shang - Jin and Xiaobo Zhang ( 2009 ) , “ The Competitive Saving Motive : Evidence from Rising Sex Ratios and Savings Rates in China ” , NBER Working Paper 15093 .
Zhu , Wei Xing , Li Lu , and Therese Hesketh ( 2009 ) , “ China ’s excess males , sex selective abortion , and one child policy : analysis of data from 2005 national intercensus survey , ” British Medical Journal , ( 338 ) : b1211 .
Attention , please !
Please take a moment to read the information below !
The following websites were created and are being maintained by current or former employees of the Max Planck Institute for Informatics .
These are not redactionally maintained publications with information from and about these persons and their work .
In this sense , the Max Planck Institute for Informatics only provides the technical infrastructure of the web server and is in no way responsible for the content of the pages .
Therefore , for questions or complaints , please either contact the respective employee directly , or reach him / her indirectly via the contact details as specified in the imprint .
his notice page sets a cookie to avoid being displayed to you again during this visit .
In addition , the following applies to this and to all following pages
in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) of the European Union .
Update :
The method still works on KDE SC 4.4
Konsole is the X terminal emulator of KDE .
I find having the terminal out of my way , but always open and easy to reach out to , very convenient .
It also looks cool .
😉
With KDE SC 4.3 you can easily achieve this with a few clicks without the need of any additional software .
Here is how to do it :
1> Open up a Konsole window .
2 > Move the window at the position on the Desktop where you want it to appear .
I like having it at the top left corner of my screen .
3 > Right click on the Konsole window and deselect “ Show menu bar ”
4 > Right click again on the window and click “ Edit Current Profile ”
In the Tabs Tab select “ Show Tab Bar when needed ” under Tab Bar Display
select “ Show Tab Bar when needed ” under Tab Bar Display
In the Appearance Tab select the colors of your choice and then hit “ Edit ” on the right .
Move the “ background transparency ” bar to 100 % .
You can also create a new custom scheme and set your preferred fonts here .
select the colors of your choice and then hit “ Edit ” on the right .
Move the “ background transparency ” bar to 100 % .
You can also create a new custom scheme and set your preferred fonts here .
In the Scrolling Tab under Scroll Bar options , click on Hidden .
under Scroll Bar options , click on Hidden .
In the Advanced Tab you can change the settings for the cursor to match your needs .
you can change the settings for the cursor to match your needs .
Hit OK when you are done .
5 > Right click on the Konsole ’s window title bar and select Advanced > Special Application settings
a) Go to the Geometry Tab
Click Position and Force .
The numbers shown here are the coordinates of the window .
If you placed the Konsole window at step 2 correctly , then you do n’t need to change anything here .
For top left corner “ 0,0 ” should be entered .
Click on Desktop and Force .
Then choose on which desktops you would like to embed the terminal to .
All Desktops selected for me here .
b ) Go to the Preferences Tab and enable and force these options :
Keep below
No border
Skip taskbar ( for Konsole not to be shown on your taskbar )
Skip pager ( for Konsole not to show an icon in the Pager widget )
c ) Hit OK when your done .
6 > We are almost done here , we now only need to make Konsole automatically load when logging in .
Open System Settings
Click on the Advanced Tab and select Autostart .
and select .
Click on Add Program on the right and locate Konsole ( it ’s under System ) or just type “ konsole ” in the space there and hit Enter .
Hit OK ( probably twice ) and close the System Settings window .
7 > We are done !
You can restart your PC to check if all went as planned .
Voila the result on my Desktop :
Keep in mind :
– If you want to open a new Konsole window , it will maintain the above settings .
– Alt +F3 will bring up the menu for right clicking on the title bar of the Konsole ’s window .
– Right clicking on the Desktop area where the Konsole lies will not present the Desktop menu but the menu for right clicking in the terminal .
– An option to hide the Konsole Window when hitting Alt + Tab does n’t seem to exist .
If you have a workaround on this do tell .
– Whats more , the Konsole will disappear when “ Show desktop ” is attempted .
– If you have “ restore session ” enabled in System Settings > Advanced Tab > Session manager , you need to exclude the konsole from restoring , or it will ( sometimes ) run two instances of the Konsole when you restart KDE .
( thnx to truzicic for this tip ! )
BOULDER , Colo .
— This spring , city contractors will fan out across this well - to - do college town to unscrew light bulbs in thousands of homes and replace them with more energy - efficient models , at taxpayer expense .
City officials never dreamed they'd have to play nanny when they set out in 2006 to make Boulder a role model in the fight against global warming .
The cause seemed like a natural fit in a place where residents tend to be politically liberal and passionate about the great outdoors .
Instead , ...
Super Bowl time is here again , and that means parties , food , and beer , preferably at a friend 's house where they have a big screen , someone else cooking , and endless beer .
Most people are not that lucky , though , so we 're hooking you up with our Top 10 Super Bowl Appetizer Recipes : Bacon Edition .
Click each title for the full recipe .
Enjoy !
10 . Bacon Vodka -
Get drunk off liquor and pigskin and then watch the game of pigskin till the room spins .
Throw a crisp slice of bacon into your Super Bowl martini , kick up the leg rest on your easy chair , sit back , and enjoy the game .
It 's 2010 .
Eat your drink .
9. Cheesy Bacon Weave -
Any recipe that starts with " weave bacon " and then proceeds with rollafied , cheesified , and crispified is certified .
If a close game does n't stop your heart from pumping , this will .
Tums on deck .
8. The Original Bacon Explosion BBQ Sausage Roll -
Have you had a heart attack lately ?
Is your girlfriend 's first name Angie , last name Plasty ?
Are you comfortable with the idea of watching the Super Bowl on the TV set in the ER ?
Then the bacon explosion sausage roll is for you .
7. Vegan Shiitake Mushroom Bacon -
Hey , it takes all kinds .
Maybe you , your kid , their friend , or someone you know is coming over and does n't eat meat or any other animal product .
Usually , they 'd sit in the corner with some old broccoli .
Welcome them with bacon .
6. Devils on Horseback -
These are large dates wrapped in applewood - smoked bacon and stuffed with cheese and mango chutney .
They are a specialty of Miami's own chef Allen Susser , a dude who knows food .
Stuff yourself .
5. A BLT Sandwich With Baconnaise - From the people who brought you Bacon Salt , Bacon Ranch , Bacon Pop , and bacon - flavored envelopes ( seriously ) comes Baconnaise .
Pretty much anybody can make a sandwich .
Here 's our anti-recipe :
Put this on pretty much anything .
Do n't worry -- it also comes in Baconnaise Lite .
4. Bacon Chocolate Chip Cookies -
A bacon cookie tray at a Super Bowl party flies faster than a Drew Brees laser .
Some people think the " bacon trend " is nearing its end , but we know bacon rules forever , or at least till we run out of pigs .
3. Bacon-Wrapped Tater Tots -
If bite - size , crunchy , easy - to - make bacon goodness sounds like a plan to you , these are perfect .
Make a few hundred of these in advance of the big game , and re-upp scripts on your heartburn meds .
Hook up that ketchup IV too .
2. Crispy Deep - Fried Bacon -
Do you own a deep fryer ?
Are you looking for something to fry ?
Got bacon ?
This recipe keeps it simple , and you do n't need a deep fryer either .
A deep skillet will work fine .
Thanks for following our Super Bowl bacon guide .
Enjoy these recipes while you watch the Colts take on the Saints during Super Bowl XLIV live from Miami , Florida .
Invite some friends and family over for your Super Bowl party and enjoy .
And now for our number one Top 10 Super Bowl Appetizer Recipes : Bacon Edition ...
1. Bacon Nachos -
We 're not even going to link to a recipe for this one ; you can figure it out yourself .
Melt some cheese over crisp fried bacon with salsa , ground beef , guacamole , lettuce , and whatever else you 're into , and dig in .
Happy Super Bowl .
For even more information , please visit .
You may likewise comply with John on Twitter , where his focus continues to be red or white wine details , uncluttered through little bit of else as Acker Merrall is his agency , and also wonderful red wine his passion .
Madison Red or white wine Holdings was founded in 2012 through Raymond Ting , leader and manager director of Credit report China , John Kapon wikipedia an openly traded lending company .
You regularly possess the choice to delete your Tweet area past .
The details and also records displayed in this profile page are created and managed through S&P Global Market Intelligence , a branch of John Kapon Acker Merrall Condit S&P Global .
Bloomberg .
And dealing with the wine programs in the corporate dining - room from Fortune .
What problems Downey in today times is actually the growing amount of fake Wine red wines .
“ Yes . John Kapon wiki Change Currency Field Summary .
John Kapon
“ Ideally that is actually going to start having an effect on vendors ’ companies , then suppliers will be compelled to possess far better company practices . ”
The development from a phony Rockefeller ( Mark Tape , January Kapon 2009 )
We apologize earlier for John Kapon Author any type of inconvenience .
He talks slowly as well as intentionally along with a gravelly transatlantic drawl , providing the opinion from one emerging coming from a hangover , which he possibly is .
Acker offered lots of containers committed through convicted wine fraudster Rudy Kurniawan , although the auction residence has consistently rejected misbehavior .
Red or white wines of South Acker Merrall ’s John Kapon Africa .
Wine adventures that trigger a genuine enthusiasm in the planet from great and .
John as well as his team led Acker Merrall into the Hong Kong wine public auction market nearly promptly after the tax on imported wine was done away with in 2008 .
A notice from understanding is actually a non-binding contract from considered John Kapon of Acker Merrall terms .
You may add place info to your Tweets , including your metropolitan area or even specific area , from the internet as well as using third - party applications .
Com carries out not produce or even handle the information .
John Kapon wine auctions $ 4200 yearly for John Kapon wine expert one container from red or white wine monthly .
” Downey includes , “ We are actually seeing a number of one of the most strongly fabricated red or white wines being actually produced through brand - new sources as well as marketed by uncertain auction properties , merchants and brokers .
About Get in touch with Website Chart How Wine - Searcher Works .
Since Kurniawan ’s judgment of conviction , public auction residences have pressured John Kapon wine that they are checking out inception and authenticating bottles even more thoroughly .
In 2006 , John Kapon Acker Merrall having actually aided press costs to vertiginous heights , Kurniawan began selling enormous quantities from wine .
Once reset , click the “ Log In ” button with your brand - new qualifications , and enjoy !
All the very best selections are currently marketed here . ”
Previously , Koch has actually prevailed in legal actions from wine supplier Hardy Rodenstock as well as red or white wine collection agency Eric John Kapon net worth Greenberg .
7 % allotment as compared to Hart Davis Hart ’s Thirty Three .
Business .
“ With our brand new Attendant & Club and right now with our in - store .
That early , business selection , in tandem with tough work by entire Acker Merrall crew and also leadership , and also a passion as well as enthusiasm for wonderful wine , has actually allowed Acker Merrall to come to be the biggest global fine as well as great red or white wine public auction agency six from the last 7 years .
This is actually the very first step in the acquisition process , as well as there is actually no described duration .
Try again or visit Twitter Condition for additional information .
For questions , feel free to contact S&P Global Market Cleverness straight through clicking .
Wines in the country , ” Kapon added .
They are current vintages .
Spam checks do administer ; e-mails offering solutions or even wines to sellers do not acquire through .
The origins of the claim stretch back five years to a blockbuster public auction by Acker in Hong Kong .
Laurent Ponsot , along with being actually a blessed wine - maker , is among Burgundy ’s additional vibrant characters .
We at AMC are actually exciteded to discuss our brand - new site with you , which officially launches soon !
“ There is actually something regarding red or white wine as well as civilisation that go submit hand .
The condition ‘ warning emptor ’ , or even buyer beware , is a common function from public auction properties ’ pre-sale brochures .
Affiliates in
The big apple , Hong Kong as well as Tokyo , the company stores much more than .
1998 Acker Merrall US auctions established . ”
Manage my e-newsletter preferences .
Twitter may end ability or experiencing a temporary hiccup .
Please consist of the correct value or market values and a resource where our company could verify .
At all times coming from Acker ’s retail store on the Upper West Side of .
Downey will be actually providing a discussion in addition to pair of wine authorization training lessons in Hong Kong coming from 6 - 9 February 2017 . ”
This public auction season is the most safe time to buy the earliest and rarest , ” he said .
They were participated in through Barzelay as well as Kapon .
A document of a few of the globe ’s absolute best and also very most famous red wine occasions ever before kept , as caught through the one as well as merely John Kapon .
He responds to without hesitancy : “ Online .
The out - of - court settlement deal ends six years from Koch ’s action against Acker , which he has actually accused from offering much more than 200 bottles from fake wine at auction .
Thank you for your understanding .
JANUARY 14 -- The Haiti earthquake has already triggered hundreds of thousands of donations to musician Wyclef Jean 's charitable foundation , which expects to raise upwards of $ 1 million a day in the disaster 's wake .
However , Internal Revenue Service records show the group has a lackluster history of accounting for its finances , and that the organization has paid the performer and his business partner at least $ 410,000 for rent , production services , and Jean 's appearance at a benefit concert .
Though the Wyclef Jean Foundation , which does business as Yele Haiti Foundation , was incorporated 12 years ago -- and has been active since that time -- the group only first filed tax returns in August 2009 .
That month , the foundation provided the IRS with returns covering calendar years 2005 , 2006 , and 2007 -- the only periods for which it has publicly provided a glimpse at its financial affairs .
In 2006 , Jean 's charity reported contributions of $ 1 million , the bulk of which came from People magazine in exchange for the first photos of a pregnant Angelina Jolie ( the actress reportedly directed that the publication 's payment go to Jean 's charity , not her personally ) .
As seen on these pages from the foundation 's 2006 tax return , the group paid $ 31,200 in rent to Platinum Sound , a Manhattan recording studio owned by Jean and Jerry Duplessis , who , like Jean , is a foundation board member .
A $ 31,200 rent payment was also made in 2007 to Platinum Sound .
The rent , tax returns assure , " is priced below market value . "
The recording studio also was paid $ 100,000 in 2006 for the " musical performance services of Wyclef Jean at a benefit concert . "
That six - figure payout , the tax return noted , " was substantially less than market value . "
The return , of course , does not address why Jean needed to be paid to perform at his own charity 's fundraiser .
But the largest 2006 payout -- a whopping $ 250,000 - - went to Telemax , S.A. , a for - profit Haiti company in which Jean and Duplessis were said to " own a controlling interest . "
The money covered " pre-purchased ... TV airtime and production services " that were part of the foundation 's " outreach efforts " in Haiti .
No further description of these services was offered , though the return claimed that " the fees paid are below market " and that the use of Telemax was the " most efficient way of providing these services . "
The group 's tax returns also report " consultant " payments totaling $ 300,000 between 2005 - 2007 , while the 2006 return reported nearly $ 225,000 in " promotion and PR " costs .
These expenses are not itemized further in the IRS returns .
( 6 pages )
Government and Policy
China depending more on imported oil By Xiao Wan ( China Daily )
Updated : 2010-01-20 08:20
China 's oil imports will continue to see solid growth this year , with more than half of the country 's total oil consumption coming from abroad , industry insiders said .
It is inevitable for the country - the world 's second largest oil consumer - to see a robust increase of imports , as domestic production cannot keep up with rising demand , they said .
China 's oil dependency reached alarming levels last year with imports accounting for 52 percent of total consumption , China Business News reported yesterday , citing Zhang Xiaoqiang , vice - minister of the National Development and Reform Commission .
Importing more than 50 percent is a globally recognized level for an energy security alert .
The country 's oil imports in 2010 are expected to grow five percent from a year earlier , and the proportion of imported oil consumed may further rise to 54 percent this year , said Lin Boqiang , director of the China Center for Energy Economics Research at Xiamen University .
" Domestic production is already at its peak , " he said .
" Although domestic companies have accelerated their overseas expansion , the resources they already gain are still limited . "
Customs figures showed that China imported 204 million tons of oil last year , while the country 's total production was 190 million tons .
Lin 's views are echoed by Han Xiaoping , chief information officer of china5e.com , a leading energy website in the country , saying oil imports would maintain a brisk growth in the future .
However , importing too much would hurt energy security , he added .
According to a report by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences ( CASS ) , 64.5 percent of China 's oil consumption is likely to be met by imports in 2020 , with the gap between domestic consumption and production as the main reason .
Statistics from CASS showed that China 's oil production is expected to stand at 177 to 198 million tons in 2010 , and the figure would reach 182 to 200 million tons in 2015 .
China 's oil production will see a gradual decline after 2020 , according to CASS .
China National Petroleum Corp , the country 's largest oil and gas producer , said in a commentary in its online newsletter yesterday that the country 's oil imports would be affected by many factors , such as rising global competition and volatile energy prices .
Chinese companies should avoid competing with their domestic peers in the international market , said the report .
Analysts said that China should further diversify its sources for importing oil to find a more sustainable supply .
At present the Middle East , Africa and the Asia - Pacific are the three main regions that supply oil for China .
Flixster Inc , the privately held San Francisco company , made the announcement this morning .
In case you do n’t know , Flixster is a movie rating website , and Rotten Tomatoes is also a movie ratings site that focuses less on social networking and more on critical response and aggregation .
Both sites say they ’ll continue to operate as separate properties , though probably with lots of synergy like integrated data .
Combined , Flixster and Rotten Tomatoes claim they ’ll reach an estimated 30 million monthly visitors worldwide across several Web platforms — their sites , other social - networking sites and applications for mobile devices .
They say they ’ll have a database of more than 250,000 movies , 2.3 billion user reviews , half a million critic reviews and more than 20,000 trailers and videos .
Before the acquisition , Flixster and Rotten Tomatoes had partnered in several areas , including a recent deal that syndicates critic reviews from Rotten Tomatoes to Flixster ’s online movie community , both on the Web and via Flixster ’s mobile apps .
“ Rotten Tomatoes has built a fantastically well - known brand that moviegoers trust when making their decisions .
Combined with Flixster ’s social networking and word - of - mouth , we ’re creating the leading movie destination on the Internet , ” said Flixster President / COO Steve Polsky .
News reports say the deal comes as IGN is working to refocus its efforts to build out its portfolio of video game - related and men ’s - lifestyle offerings .
“ Joining Rotten Tomatoes with Flixster creates a company that can dominate the online movie category , ” said Roy Bahat , president of IGN Entertainment , who will join Flixster ’s board of directors as an observer since IGN also will get a minority equity stake in Flixster as part of the acquisition .
“ This also enables IGN to focus on serving the male 18 - to - 34 audience – especially videogamers – and the advertisers looking to reach them . ”
UPDATE : * This follows an AllThingsD report centered on Rotten Tomatoes merging with Flixster in exchange for a stake in the combined independent company by News Corp .
( There was also a previous thought that the bigger News Corp company MySpace might buy Flixster which would then combine with Rotten Tomatoes .
There ’s no sign of MySpace in this deal , however , although News Corp will take a minority stake in the buy . ) *
Several web experts are calling this an acquisition that makes sense .
Mashable ’s Christine Warren writes : “ Far too often we see companies acquire other companies that seemingly bring very little value to the core mission .
In this case , Flixster and Rotten Tomatoes actually seem like a match made in movie lover heaven .
Rotten Tomatoes has a strong existing brand and is considered a trusted go - to source for movie fans looking to find out what the general consensus is surrounding a film .
Flixster already has a really strong hold in the web and mobile app space — with applications available on the iPhone , BlackBerry , Palm Pre and Android platforms .
Rather than trying to compete against each other , it makes much more sense for the two companies to come together . ”
As we 've explained before , a number of Hollywood movie studios have been on the war path against Redbox , the kiosk - based DVD rental operation , because Redbox offers DVD new releases for rent at 99 cents per night .
Thanks to the first sale doctrine in copyright law , Redbox 's business is completely legal — the company buys legitimate DVDs to stock their kiosks .
Great for consumers , and a great alternative for those who might otherwise opt for an unauthorized alternative online .
But Hollywood was n't pleased , and took a number of steps to interfere with Redbox 's business , which in turn led to lawsuits .
Earlier this week , Redbox and Warner Brothers settled their litigation , with Redbox promising not to offer Warner DVDs until 28 days after the DVD goes on sale .
In other words , no more Warner new releases in the Redbox kiosks .
Analysts predict this will be a blueprint for similar settlements with other Hollywood studios .
The Media Wonk has published a great recap of what happened , detailing how the movie studios put pressure on distributors and retailers and ultimately succeeded in subverting the first sale doctrine :
Associate Deputy Attorney General David Margolis is a 40 + year career attorney at the US Department of Justice , having joined the Justice Department under President Johnson .
ADAG Margolis occupies the senior most career position at the Justice Department .
Everyone above him is a political appointment chosen by the President and the Senate .
Why should you care ?
ADAG David Margolis unilaterally decided to overrule the findings of the DOJ ’s Office of Professional Responsibility and pardon the authors of President Bush ’s infamous “ Torture Memos . ”
Here is ADAG Margolis ’s January 5th memo to the Attorney General where he pardoned the “ Torture Memo ” authors .
Since you probably are not interested in reading all 70 pages , here are some highlights :
“ My task is a narrow one .
The OPR report addresses a number of topics without reaching misconduct findings against any Department attorney .
I did not review OPR ’s analysis of those topics .
For example , during the course of its investigation , OPR reviewed prosecutive declinations regarding interrogations of certain detainees , but I have not examined its analysis of those issues … ” “ … I do not adopt OPR ’s findings of misconduct .
This decision should not be viewed as an endorsement of the legal work that underlies those memoranda … [ - ed. note : … because when John Conyers sends them to jail , I do n’t want to go with them … ] ” “ … I am unpersuaded that OPR has identified such a standard .
For this reason and based on the additional analysis set forth below , I cannot adopt OPR ’s findings of misconduct , and I will not authorize OPR to refer its findings to the state bar disciplinary authorities in the jurisdictions where Yoo and Bybee are licensed … ”
“ … While I have declined to adopt OPR ’s findings of misconduct , I fear that John Yoo ’s loyalty to his own ideology and convictions clouded his view of his obligation to his client and led him to author opinions that reflected his own extreme , albeit sincerely held , view of executive power while speaking for an institutional client … ”
ADAG Margolis spent the next 60 pages basically saying , “ Since they were trying to prevent another 9/11 , it was okay . ”
On background , John C. Yoo is a professor of law at UC Berkeley ( WTF Berkeley ? ! ) and Jay Bybee is an Appellate Court Judge on the 9th Circuit .
These were the guys that told President Bush it was okay to torture people while they were employed at the Justice Department ’s Office of Legal Counsel – aka the authors of the “ Torture Memos . ”
On February 19th , Rep. John Conyers ( D - Michigan ) , Chair of the House Judiciary Committee , released the Office of Professional Responsibility ’s reports , Yoo and Bybee ’s refutation , and ADAG Margolis ’s memo to public scrutiny .
Both Rep. Conyers and Senator Pat Leahy ( D - Vermont ) , the chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee , are planning “ WTF Is Wrong With You ? ! ” hearings starring ADAG Margolis in the next couple weeks .
Beyond an unelected career bureacrat playing Governor , the worst part of this mess is that Yoo and Bybee were never to be seriously punished for bringing torture to America : no summary jail sentences in Cuba , no electric anal prods , no waterboarding , no suspension poses , no dogs nipping at their genitals .
The original un -Margolis ’d report simply recommended their local bars investigate Yoo and Bybee for misconduct :
“ Based on the results of our investigation , we concluded that former AAG Jay S. Bybee and former Deputy AAG John Yoo failed to meet their responsibilities under D.C. Rule of Professional Conduct 1.1 to provide competent representation to their client , the United States , and failed to fulfill their duty to exercise independent legal judgment and to render candid legal advice , pursuant to D.C. Rule of Professional Conduct 2.1 .
In violating D.C. Rules 1.1 and 2.1 , Bybee and Yoo committed professional misconduct .
Pursuant to Department policy , we notify their respective state bars of our findings . ”
The most severe punishment would have Yoo and Bybee disbarred ( and given permanent positions as Legal Correspondents for FoxNEWS ) .
Here is a real gem from John Yoo in OPR ’s final report :
Q. “ What about ordering a village of resistants to be massacred ?
Is that a power that the president could legally — ” A . “ Yeah .
Although , let me say this .
So , certainly that would fall within the Commander - in - Chief ’s power over tactical decisions . ”
Q. “ To order a village of civilians to be [ exterminated ] ? ” A. “ Sure . ”
What ideology makes war crimes legal ?
PS .
If anyone has a link to a picture of Margolis , please let me know .
Thanks !
Coming from a seemingly intelligent woman , the assertion that logic , rationality and empiricism may be at the root of misogyny , is a bit unsettling .
Kathryn Lofton , in her post
So you want to be a new atheist , over at The Immanent Frame blog seems to be implying exactly that .
Lofton finds the New Atheists annoying - a bunch of know - it - all loudmouths whose style may be even more obnoxious than the substance they promulgate .
She finds them arrogant , cynical , evangelical in their fervor and also curiously enough , perfectionists who want to help people .
She however does not consider their social conscience an entirely wholesome trait .
Lofton suspects that there is a conquest like quality to their outreach and beneath their desire to help may lurk an intention to persuade .
( What a surprise ! )
If you want to be a New Atheist , first and foremost , you need to possess an unrelenting desire to help .
The desire may seem at times cruel , but you have to start focusing on a higher good : the goal here is to get the cannibals to put down their wafer and wine glass .
It ’s not for your wellness , but for the good of mankind .
As Georgetown University professor John Haught wrote in his diagnosis of the New Atheists , “ To know with such certitude that religion is evil , one must first have already surrendered one ’s heart and mind to what is unconditionally good . ”
The New Atheists may wrap themselves in torn one - liners and haggard scientism , but beneath their cynical swaddle there lies a charming Perfectionism .
The main target of Lofton 's derision and despair seems to be the comedian Bill Maher and his anti-religion movie , Religulous .
It is not that hard to rip apart a stand up comic who opposes organized religion as well as vaccination .
But in pointing to Maher 's loose lips and fuzzy logic , Lofton also takes a swipe at Richard Dawkins , Daniel Dennett and Christopher Hitchens whose arguments against faith based social and political systems are a little better thought out and substantive .
It is perfectly alright for Lofton or anyone else for that matter , to take issue with the tone that many among the so called New Atheists adopt while making their case .
But it would better help the cause of the religionists to also point out the flaws in their arguments and not just in their character .
The nature of the conversation between the religious camp and the New Atheists has by now become quite familiar and predictable to those who have been paying some attention .
It reminds me of the different agenda that a restaurant critic and a nutritionist bring to the table when talking about food .
One focuses on the mouth watering quality of a 16 oz steak , the butter dripping crab legs , the fatty lamb biriyani and the decadent dessert immaculately prepared and presented by expert chefs and polished waiters .
The other comes across as an earnest killjoy who urges you to eat your whole grains and veggies and then alarms you by warning that overindulgance in the delicious fare recommended by the gourmet foodie , poses the risk of developing clogged arteries , a sluggish liver , a ravaged kidney and extra pounds around your midriff .
And the pleasurable torpor you feel after that rich meal is actually a sign of reduced energy .
I have so far not heard a fine food aficionado clash with a nutritionist on the grounds that the latter has a shrill , strident style and wants to deprive others of the joys of feasting .
But defenders of religion like Lofton and Karen Armstrong and the not - quite - pro-religion - but - getting - there types like Terry Eagleton invariably attack atheists for their lack of charm , style , empathy and another nebulous quality ( I think of it as * mysterianism * ) which keeps them from fully appreciating the true nature of religion .
In the first part of her article Lofton sticks to that formula .
Toward the end however , she introduces a new accusation that I have not until now seen hurled at the new ( or old ) atheists .
What is religion ?
The New Atheists reply , with clarion diagnostic consistency : Religion is something that sells you something invisible so you may feel that which you cannot find elsewhere .
It is something for which there is insufficient evidence .
It is something people do because they have always done it , not because they know how to think about it .
Religion is irrational , it is emotional , and it is instinctual .
Religion enslaves you with its wiles , then forgets to remove the handcuffs .
It is the fortune teller reading entrails , not the captain consulting his compass .
It massages and preys and toys and plays and screws you over , time and again , with a promise it wo n’t keep because of its irrationality and its whimsy .
Religion is a know - at - all with no knowledge .
It makes “ a virtue out of not thinking . ”
Religion is cutting the hedge repeatedly around an erection .
Religion is , it turns out , a lot like a girl .
Religion as effeminacy is nothing new .
Nor indeed is the accusation that religion is socially sanctioned lunacy .
Treating it as a neurological disorder , however , sets the New Atheists within a long tradition of critical misogyny .
Under the guise of protecting your children , in the effort to best serve your sweet flock of idiots , if you want to be a New Atheist you have reclaimed a New Virility to counter your post - industrial emasculation .
This virility plays out in demonstrations of protective strength , plowing away at the big two nemeses ( Christianity and Islam ) in the interest of protecting the little guy .
It is also exhibited in grand tours of scientific proof , or plodding expulsions of religious duplicity .
Wait a minute !
Have atheists and skeptics ever said that religion is like a girl ?
( Not that there is anything wrong with being a girl )
Or that believing in unverifiable myths for comfort is exclusively a womanly quality ?
Have atheists refused to admit women into their fold ?
Do they claim that women are genetically incapable of possessing rational minds ?
On the other hand , organized religion has diligently kept women out of leadership roles through much of history .
So , the charge of misogyny from a defender of " faith " sounds strange .
Unless the New Atheists have categorically called religion a girlish pursuit or religious males girly men , ( Lofton does not say that they have ) it is plausible that it is Lofton herself who conflates irrationality and emotionalism with feminine traits and critical thinking and reason with manly characteristics .
She may have again confused style with substance .
After all , the majority of the high profile and vocal atheists in the public square are all males .
Most of them also assume a combative stance while arguing their points of view .
Even if Lofton considers the New Atheists arrogant , self absorbed and boorish , based on her opinion of their discursive temperaments , where did she get misogyny ?
Perhaps in her eagerness to condemn , Lofton uses the red herring of misogyny without any supporting evidence because it fits the rest of her perception of the atheists .
Are some atheists women haters ?
Of course .
Could there be a few among the ones she names ?
Possible .
But it has nothing to do with critical thinking which does not bar women from becoming practitioners .
And what is the score in the department of misogyny on the religious side ?
Start your count with the priestly class and the orthodox .
Whom does Lofton think she is kidding with her innuendo about misogyny and atheism ?
It is particularly galling coming from someone who is presumably a spokesperson for religion .
The sacred bastion of virility , organized religion , is thickly populated by misogynistic power hungry males and at least in the Abrahamic tradition , god too is a masculine deity whose behavior is akin to that of an old fashioned patriarch - one who protects , smites and slays at whim .
Whereas misogyny can often be a product of politics , commerce and other secular cultural traditions , I doubt that women have been more systematically and ritually degraded within the realm of any other human enterprise than that of organized religion .
Only religion explicitly sanctions misogyny .
Think Adam's Rib , eater of the forbidden fruit , the temptress , the virgin who is to be alternately worshiped and sacrificed , the ideal of the Sati , stoning to death of an adulteress , the unclean half of the population which menstruates and undergoes messy child birth ... on and on ad nauseum .
Now Lofton tells us that the source of misogyny actually lies in empiricism and scientific enquiry .
Well , you could have knocked me down with a feather !
[ thanks to Prasad for the pointer ]
Rasmussen poll : Harry Reid now losing to four Republicans , a Whig and a Druid
OK , we made up the part about the Whig and the Druid .
But since everyone who ’s even thinking about getting into the Nevada senate race now outpolls Reid , we suspect a Whig and a Druid would also be favored over Reid .
Here ’s how Rasmussen reports Reid ’s imminent retirement :
Businessman Danny Tarkanian now leads Reid 47 % to 39 % .
Sue Lowden , ex-chairman of the Nevada Republican Party , holds a 45 % to 39 % lead on the Senate majority leader , while former Assemblywoman Sharron Angle earns 44 % of the vote to Reid ’s 40 % .
Nevada Lieutenant Governor Brian Krolicki , another Republican who is now reportedly considering entering the race , barely edges Reid 44 % to 41 % .
A judge in December dismissed an indictment against Krolicki alleging that he mishandled money while serving as state treasurer .
Krolicki charged that the indictment was politically motivated .
And now we bid a fond farewell to the soft spoken Reid with Roy Rogers ’ and Dale Evans ’ rendition of Happy Trails To You .
As Casey Kasem might have said on American Top 40 , “ This one ’s goin ’ out to Harry Reid in Las Vegas , Nevada . ”
Source : Rasmussen Reports
At least you can't see all the people around you , pointing and laughing .
$ 20
Design
The As - Seen - on - TV Hat ( I swear to God , that 's the actual name of the product ) comes in a variety of colors and patterns and in both baseball - cap - style and visor .
I went for the camo visor , because I 'm a pretty stylish guy .
Along the sides of the bill , there 's a nylon guard to block out ambient light , and for your viewing pleasure , there 's a magnifying glass hanging down midway along the bill .
You insert your iPhone ( or whatever other video - playing device you want ) into a flap , where it sits at the end of the bill .
Advertisement
Here 's how bad this product is :
Not only does it ask you to stuff your iPhone into a pocket at the end of a camouflage visor , iPhones do n't even fit in the pocket .
Neither did my Droid , although the iPod Touch fits okay .
Oh , and it comes with a weird semicircular flap of nylon with a velcro strip that I cannot for the life of me figure out how it attaches .
It 's really embarrassing ; that flap makes me feel like I 'm too dumb to use the dumbest product I 've ever seen .
Advertisement
Performance
The plastic window fades and distorts your video , which severely impairs the cinematic experience the As - Seen - on - TV Hat tries so very hard to provide .
The magnifying glass is adjustable ( you can move it closer or farther from your scared , stressed little eyes ) but not removable , so you 're stuck with a distorted picture that was already blurry and faded from the plastic window covering your video - playing device .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Oh , and you 'll definitely go both blind and celibate if you use this too long .
It 's kind of a twofer that way .
Verdict
I rate this a buy if only for the name you 'll make for yourself on public transit if you wear it .
If you do n't want to be known for your ridiculous , half - nerd half - hick headwear , it 's a pass .
Advertisement
It 's the greatest iPhone / iPod accessory ever
Advertisement
It 's the worst iPhone / iPod accessory ever
What distinguished modern American conservatism was that it had its roots not in the British kings , but in John Locke and Adam Smith and other champions of individual liberties and individual empowerment .
European conservatism -- the kind that has now become the rage for the American Right - - was top - down and centered on state power .
The rise of modern American conservatism , on the other hand , had a distinctly Madisonian flair , embracing the fundamentals of American constitutional limits on central authority .
European conservatism found its voice in magisterial decree , religious edict , and acts of parliaments in which members may or may not have ever visited the communities they were presumed to " represent . "
American conservatism found its voice in a Constitution that placed every major power in the hands of the people , through their representatives , and ensured that those representatives would actually be residents of the communities that elected them .
American conservatism embraced a Constitution that separated and constrained powers , that specified -- highlighted -- a few of the protected liberties of the people coupled with clear assertions that all undelegated powers -- all other unsurrendered liberties -- remained with the people rather than the government .
A Constitution that placed unambiguous limitations , including direct prohibitions , on the attempted exercise of governmental authority .
Today there are few things that set a " conservatives ' " teeth on edge more than a defense of " civil liberties ; " yet that is what American conservatism was all about -- protecting the liberties of the people .
It was a system designed to protect the people from an over - reaching government , not to protect the government from the people .
American constitutionalism was a historical high - point in recognizing individual worth .
Stop at CPAC today and you will find rooms full of ardent , zealous , fervent young men and women who believe the government should be allowed to torture ( we condemned people at Nuremberg for doing that ) , who believe the government should be able to lock people up without charges and hold them indefinitely ( something Henry VIII agreed was a proper exercise of government authority ) .
Who believe the government should be able to read a citizen 's mail and listen in on a citizen 's phone calls , all without a warrant ( the Constitution of course prohibits searches without a warrant , but nobody cares less about the Constitution than some of today 's ersatz conservatives ) .
I 'm not at CPAC because I believe in America .
I believe in liberty .
I believe that governments should be held in check .
I believe people matter .
I believe in the flag not because of its shape or color but because of the principles it stands for -- the principles in the Constitution , the principles repeated and underlined and highlighted and boldfaced and italicized in the Bill of Rights .
The George W. whose presidency and precedents I admire was the first president , not the 43d .
It is James Madison I admire , not John Yoo .
Thomas Paine , not Glenn Beck .
Jefferson , not Limbaugh .
Ronald Reagan would not have been welcome at today 's CPAC or a tea party rally , but he would not have wanted to be there , either .
Neither do I .
Photo credit : Robert Giroux / Getty Images
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Iceland 's Left - wing coalition – which unseated free marketeers in February 's " Saucepan Revolution " – has backed the Icesave terms , deeming it is the only way for Iceland to move beyond the disastrous episode .
The petitioners said they accept that Iceland 's people should foot part of the bill , but object to the " Versailles " terms : a loan at 5.55 pc interest , to be repaid within 15 years .
The central banks said this will increase Iceland 's public debt by 20 pc of GDP .
Cleopatra and her kin knew a thing or two about crafting an alluring smoky eye .
Now French researchers suggest that the ancient Egyptians ' heavily painted eyelids did more than attract admirers — they also protected against eye infections .
Artifacts and documents from ancient Egypt show that everyone , man or woman from servant to queen , wore black and green powders coated thickly around the eyes .
" People wore it on a daily basis , " said study co-author Christian Amatore , from the Université Pierre et Marie Curie in Paris , France .
According to ancient Egyptian manuscripts , the eye makeup was believed to have a magical role , in which the gods Horus and Ra would protect wearers against several illnesses .
Bacterial eye infections such as conjunctivitus , for example , would have been a common problem along the Nile 's tropical marshes .
But previous chemical analyses of powder residue , taken from ancient makeup containers , had isolated four lead - based compounds .
That would seem to suggest that the makeup was harmful , since lead can be highly toxic to humans .
Makeup 's " Magic " Required Hard Work
Instead , the new study found that the low doses of lead salts in the makeup may have actually had beneficial properties :
When the salts come into contact with skin , they boost the body 's production of nitric oxide .
This chemical is known to stimulate the immune system and help fight off disease - causing bacteria .
Based on the amount of the lead compounds in the ancient makeup , a wearer 's nitric oxide levels would have increased by 240 percent , the study found .
" Two of these chemicals do not occur naturally , and would have taken 30 days of hard work to make , " Amatore said .
" In my opinion , [ the ancient Egyptians ] were aware that these compounds brought good health , and they were making them on purpose . "
The research is detailed in the January 15 , 2010 , issue of the journal Analytical Chemistry .
The notion that scientists understand how changes in Earth 's orbit affect climate well enough for estimating long - term natural climate trends that underlie any anthropogenic climate change is challenged by findings just published .
The new research was conducted by a team led by Professor Eelco Rohling of the University of Southampton 's School of Ocean and Earth Science hosted at the National Oceanography Centre , Southampton .
" Understanding how climate has responded to past change should help reveal how human activities may have affected , or will affect , Earth 's climate .
One approach for this is to study past interglacials , the warm periods between glacial periods within an ice age , " said Rohling .
He continued : " Note that we have here focused on the long - term natural climate trends that are related to changes in Earth 's orbit around the Sun .
Our study is therefore relevant to the long - term climate future , and not so much for the next decades or century . "
The team , which included scientists from the Universities of Tuebingen ( Germany ) and Bristol , compared the current warm interglacial period with one 400,000 years ago ( marine isotope stage 11 , or MIS - 11 ) .
Many aspects of the Earth - Sun orbital configuration during MIS - 11 were similar to those of the current interglacial .
For this reason , MIS - 11 is often considered as a potential analogue for future climate development in the absence of human influence .
advertisement
Previous studies had used the analogy to suggest that the current interglacial should have ended 2 - 2.5 thousand years ago .
So why has it remained so warm ?
According to the ' anthropogenic hypothesis ' , long - term climate impacts of man 's deforestation activities and early methane and carbon dioxide emissions have artificially held us in warm interglacial conditions , which have persisted since the end of the Pleistocene , about 11,400 years ago .
To address this issue , the researchers used a new high - resolution record of sea levels , which reflect ice volume .
This record , which is continuous through both interglacials , is based on the ' Red Sea method ' developed by Rohling .
Water passes between the Red Sea and the open ocean only through the shallow Strait of Bab - el - Mandab , which narrows as sea levels drop , reducing water exchange .
Evaporation within the Red Sea increases its salinity , or saltiness , and changes the relative abundance of stable oxygen isotopes .
By analysing oxygen isotope ratios in tiny marine creatures called foraminiferans preserved in sediments that were deposited at the bottom of the Red Sea , the scientists reconstructed past sea levels , which were corroborated by comparison with the fossilised remains of coral reefs .
The researchers found that the current interglacial has indeed lasted some 2.0 - 2.5 millennia longer than predicted by the currently dominant theory for the way in which orbital changes control the ice - age cycles .
This theory is based on the intensity of solar radiation reaching the Earth at latitude 65 degrees North on 21 June , the northern hemisphere Summer solstice .
But the anomaly vanished when the researchers considered a rival theory , which looks at the amount of solar energy reaching the Earth the same latitude during the summer months .
Under this theory , sea levels could remain high for another two thousand years or so , even without greenhouse warming .
" Future research should more precisely narrow down the influence of orbital changes on climate , " said Rohling : " This is crucial for a better understanding of underlying natural climate trends over long , millennial timescales .
And that is essential for a better understanding of any potential long - term impacts on climate due to man 's activities . "
The study was funded by the United Kingdom 's Natural Environment Council and the German Science Foundation .
Sen. Lamar Alexander ( R - Tenn . ) wants Obama to make another attempt at a bipartisan deficit panel .
| REUTERS
War bill adds to looming debt fight
Past and present are converging in an Afghanistan war funding bill as the White House seeks to add billions to pay medical claims owed to veterans exposed to Agent Orange during the Vietnam War .
The irony is hard to miss for this administration , already defensive about any link between its Afghan policy and the much bloodier U.S. involvement in Indochina that so damaged President Lyndon B. Johnson .
Advertisement
And with the wartime bill now approaching $ 55 billion , the higher costs make it a bigger target in Washington ’s latest firefight over deficits and debt .
The new Agent Orange - related funding is striking in itself : $ 13.4 billion arising from a decision last October by Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki to expand the number of illnesses presumed to be service connected for Vietnam veterans .
This presumption simplifies and speeds the application process for benefits , and the VA estimates that as many as 86,000 people will be affected .
President Barack Obama ’s own war request begins with $ 33 billion for the Pentagon , plus an additional $ 4.5 billion for the State Department and international aid programs .
The administration would use the same measure to replenish federal emergency disaster accounts with a further $ 3.6 billion appropriation for the Department of Homeland Security .
When the VA funds are added , the total is $ 54.5 billion — a number that will almost certainly go higher given the expected addition of funding to assist Haiti .
Democrats are n’t likely to take up the measure before March , but the bill illustrates the almost relentless pressure on the administration in the face of a mounting federal debt .
That same debt issue will be front and center on the House floor Thursday , when Democrats hope to win final congressional approval of a record $ 1.9 trillion increase in the debt ceiling .
It ’s enough new borrowing authority to carry the Treasury through November ’s elections and into next spring .
And as part of the same deal , fiscal moderates will get new statutory “ pay - go ” requirements to try to rein in future spending and tax cuts .
Republicans have stayed largely aloof , happy to bleed Democrats politically on the painful debt vote .
But since Monday ’s release of Obama ’s budget — showing $ 5 trillion in deficits through 2014 — some in the Senate have been casting about for how to re-engage on the issue .
This may be a matter of buyer ’s remorse : Republican defections helped kill efforts last week to create a bipartisan task force empowered to force deficit reduction votes after the elections this year .
Sen. Lamar Alexander ( R - Tenn . ) , chairman of the party ’s conference and a proponent of the commission opposed by others in the leadership , wants Obama to make a second try to pull the two sides together .
The president has said that , instead , he will create a commission himself by executive order .
But both Alexander and New Hampshire Sen. Judd Gregg , the ranking Republican on the Senate Budget Committee , argue that this could be futile without a vote blessing the enterprise .
“ It ’s a much better use of his time to try to improve the statutory commission than to go through this gesture of a bipartisan commission , ” Alexander told POLITICO .
“ The executive order , however well - intentioned , I ’m just afraid will be a waste of time . ”
Sixteen Republicans did back the proposal on the initial vote last week , and a 17th , Sen. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska , was absent .
“ If he ca n’t pass something that ’s very important with 17 Republican votes , it ’s going to be a long four years , ” Alexander said .
And since the newest Republican , Massachusetts Sen.- elect Scott Brown , will be sworn in Thursday and has endorsed the commission , proponents need only five votes — a handful of switches in both parties — to go over the top .
House Democrats — never very keen on the commission — will be reluctant to go along .
But the path mapped out by the president ’s budget has its own perils for the majority .
Much rests on the credibility of the president ’s three - year freeze on discretionary domestic appropriations for about 20 Cabinet departments and agencies with spending of $ 446.3 billion this year .
The whole notion of a freeze is to convey a symbolic discipline , but the administration risks undercutting its message by rearranging the numbers to suit its agenda .
A case in point is the treatment of Pell grants for low - income college students .
These have long been subject to annual appropriations , but the White House wants to treat the program as a mandated benefit available to those who qualify — and therefore outside its freeze on discretionary spending .
“ We ’re not hiding the ball .
We ’re just making a policy proposal , ” said one administration official .
But critics would argue that this knocks a $ 10 billion hole in the promised “ freeze . ”
Moreover , the whole starting point for the freeze is somewhat suspect , in that it includes $ 6 billion for the census that wo n’t be needed past this year .
Mindful of this , the White House would argue that it does drop down spending from $ 446.3 billion in 2010 to $ 441.3 billion in 2011 .
But the same “ census cushion ” is back again a year later when the “ frozen ” accounts top $ 446 billion .
MARJAH , Afghanistan — Ten days into the fight for Marjah , U.S. and Afghan troops continue to seize ground , often battling the Taliban from one mud-walled compound to the next .
But progress has been slower in winning over local civilians , many of whom are unsure which side will make life safer for their families .
The Marjah offensive — the biggest since the Taliban regime fell in 2001 — is being conducted on fronts both military and social .
It 's a high - stakes operation .
Kabul 's international backers have ready tens of millions of dollars in aid for Marjah , and the Afghan authorities have promised to make the town of 75,000 — which has been under Taliban rule for years — a model of good government once the fighting stops .
In essence , Marjah is the test case for U.S. President Barack Obama 's argument that more troops and smarter counterinsurgency tactics can salvage the Afghan war .
The town measures roughly six miles by 12 miles , most of it thinly inhabited compounds and farm fields , sprouting with alfalfa , opium poppy and other crops .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
After Goldman Sachs , JPMorgan Chase , and Morgan Stanley announced hefty profits last fall , the Obama administration ’s pay czar said that he ’d cap pay at Citigroup , Bank of America , and five other bailed - out companies .
The move was largely symbolic :
It capped salaries for only 25 executives , kept big stock bonuses in place , and did nothing to address the culture of rewarding folks who sowed our economic destruction .
Below , some of the players who made out like bandits during the bubble and the bailout .
CLICK ON EACH WALL STREET EXEC BELOW TO SEE THEIR COMPENSATION MEASURED AGAINST THEIR FIRM’S BAILOUT
Joseph Cassano , AIG Financial Products Executive , 1987 - 2008
CLAIM TO FAME : Mr. Credit - Default Swap .
In 2008 , his unit cost AIG $ 99 billion .
( AIG then paid $ 1.5 billion in bonuses and awards . )
QUOTE : Before the crash : “ It is hard for us …to even see a scenario within any kind of realm of reason that would see us losing $ 1 in any of those transactions . ”
HIS BONUS , 2008 : $ 34 million HIS HAUL , 2000 - 2008 : $ 280 million AIG ’S TARP : $ 69.8 billion ADDITIONAL BAILOUT : $ 112 billion
Vikram Pandit , Citigroup CEO , 2007 - present
CLAIM TO FAME : Ordered a $ 50 million private jet , announced huge layoffs , and jacked up credit card APRs — after getting bailed out QUOTE : Told Congress last February , “ My salary should be $ 1 per year with no bonus . ”
Did n’t mention that he took $ 1.6 million in stock options as Citi lost $ 18.7 billion in 2008 .
HIS HAUL , 2008 : $ 10.8 million
Robert Rubin , Citigroup Board of Directors , 1999 - 2009
CLAIM TO FAME : As Clinton ’s treasury secretary , he pushed to overturn regulations prohibiting finance - bank hybrids such as …Citigroup .
QUOTE : Wishes he could have reined in Citi but “ I do n’t know what I could have done ” as just a board member .
HIS HAUL , 1999 - 2009 : $ 124 million CITI ’S TARP : $ 45 billion ( $ 20 billion repaid ) ADDITIONAL BAILOUT : $ 328.7 billion
Ken Lewis , Bank of America CEO and President , 2001 - 2009
CLAIM TO FAME : Okayed $ 3.6 billion of Merrill Lynch bonuses when buying the troubled firm .
Said he ’d return $ 1 million in past earnings , but still gets a $ 53 million pension .
QUOTE : He ’s against regulating “ the banks that caused this mess ” because they ’d been “ held accountable by the toughest , most unforgiving master of all : the free market . ”
HIS HAUL , 2008 : $ 10 million HIS HAUL , 2001 - 2007 : $ 145 million B of A’s TARP : $ 45 billion ( repaid ) ADDITIONAL BAILOUT : $ 18.1 billion
Jamie Dimon , JPMorgan Chase CEO and President , 2005 - present
CLAIM TO FAME : Cutting comments ( “ That ’s the dumbest thing I ’ve ever heard ! ” ) and cutting perks ( “ You ’re a businessman .
Pay for your own Wall Street Journal . ” )
QUOTE : Over lunch at the Four Seasons : “ Corporations can waste a tremendous amount of money .
It ’s destructive .
It ’s wrong . ”
HIS HAUL , 2008 : $ 19.7 million HIS HAUL , 2005 - 2007 : $ 95.7 million JPMC’S TARP : $ 25 billion ( repaid ) ADDITIONAL BAILOUT : $ 73.1 billion
Lloyd Blankfein , Goldman Sachs CEO and Chairman , 2006 - present
CLAIM TO FAME : Oversaw Goldman ’s risky bets on the housing bubble , then turned the investment firm into a bank so it could get TARP money QUOTE : Says the financial industry looks “ self - serving and greedy in hindsight ” but that he ’s been “ doing God ’s work . ”
HIS HAUL , 2008 : $ 42.9 million HIS HAUL , 2006 - 2007 : $ 114.4 million GOLDMAN ’S TARP : $ 10 billion ( repaid ) ADDITIONAL BAILOUT : $ 43.4 billion
John G. Stumpf , Wells Fargo CEO , 2007 - present
CLAIM TO FAME : Made a tidy $ 12.6 million in first six months on the job QUOTE : Asked before Congress about his 2007 pay , he conceded that he ’d gotten $ 67 million in stock — but “ at the values that pertained in 2007 , which would n’t look familiar to you now . ”
HIS HAUL , 2008 : $ 13.8 million WELLS ’ TARP : $ 25 billion ( repaid ) ADDITIONAL BAILOUT : $ 13.4 billion
John J. Mack , Morgan Stanley CEO , 2005 - 2009 , and Chairman , 2005 - present
CLAIM TO FAME : Earned the sobriquet Mack the Knife by slashing jobs .
His battle cry : “ There ’s blood in the water ; let ’s go kill ! ” QUOTE : Told Congress , “ If you gave me no bonus in the best year , I would still be here , ” but later griped that smaller post - bust bonuses led to “ an exodus of key people . ”
HIS HAUL , 2008 : $ 1.2 million HIS HAUL , 2005 - 2007 : $ 77.7 million MORGAN ’S TARP : $ 10 billion ( repaid ) ADDITIONAL BAILOUT : $ 25.9 billion
John Thain , Merrill Lynch CEO , 2007 - 2009
http://bellaciao.org/en/article.php3?id_article=5409
Paul Bonacci testified in court proceedings that he helped kidnap Johnny Gosch in 1982 , and that in July 1984 , he was forced to participate in an orgy at the Bohemian Grove where a young person was murdered , Bonacci said the killing was filmed by Hunter Thompson , who had joined their private jet flight to the West Coast in Las Vegas !
The , " Jeff Gannon is Johnny Gosch story " broke 2:29 am , Sunday February 20 2005 .. by the end of the day , Hunter S Thompson aged 67 years , was dead from an allegedly self inflicted gunshot , while talking to his wife on the phone in the kitchen at his home in Woody Creek Colorado !
Paul Bonacci testified in court proceedings that he helped kidnap Johnny Gosch in 1982 , and that in July 1984 , he was forced to participate in an orgy at the Bohemian Grove where a young person was murdered , Bonacci said the killing was filmed by Hunter Thompson , who had joined their private jet flight to the West Coast in Las Vegas !
Witness says abducted children , of whom twenty three are now dead , were abused by up to thirty pedophile members of congress , at child sex parties held at Embassy Row mansion , where a Secret Service secured presidential limo was seen parked outside !
Questions can also be raised as to whether Hunter Thompson ’s death , and the James Guckert / Jeff Gannon White House reporter scandal , resulted in having Nelson taken out of circulation to intimidate or threaten him , while also using the opportunity to search for criminal evidence , which would place sitting and retired members of congress in severe legal jeopardy .
When we asked during a second phone interview whether there was concrete evidence to corroborate his allegations , Nelson said , a guy named Nick who was impersonating me at the sex parties , took the hardcore porn photos of children and politicians together for blackmail purposes , to control their votes in Congress and stuff , " said the photographer .
Nelson ’s voice and general conversation indicated resignation to the fact that no one would ever touch his testimony , adding that Senate and House pedophiles still hold public office , in spite of the prosecution and imprisonment of elderly Catholic priests .
Nelson ’s U.S. District Court testimony weaves a curious tale regarding his impersonation so that abducted children and others would identify him as the child porn photographer should it be necessary .
I happened to come across a man who was also a photographer for Larry , whose appearance was almost identical to mine , I came to gather I was being run as the front man for the fall and this other person was doing the actual hard core kiddie porn .. I heard somebody was passing themselves off as myself , as Rusty Nelson . "
To Us District Court , Nebraska , U.S. Senior District Judge Warren Urbom , February 5 , 1999 , Sworn testimony of Russell E. Nelson , pp. 40 - 43
Nelson had by then settled in Portland , Oregon , and about six weeks before the Clinton / Dole presidential election on Friday , September 13 , 1996 , Nelson said he was finally arrested on the charge he used a child for the display of sexually explicit conduct .
In a letter announcing his resignation as Mrs. Dole ’s political personnel liaison to the White House , Paul R. Balach wrote : " I hereby resign my position this date due to the public disclosure of activities concerning my personal life . "
Nelson ’s prior links to the White House child sex ring have continued to draw attention from unidentified individuals who still threaten him .
MT : My view is that a news reporter spoke to Rusty Nelson who in 2005 was not long out of jail , Nelson told him or her of the Hunter Thompson connection , so the reporter contacted him , and he agreed to talk if the money was right .
To establish his credentials he dropped the info re the Gannon Gosch connection .. the reporter then contacted his boss to see if he wanted to pay for the story , like maybe it went as high as Rupert Murdoch or Ted Turner !
Whoever it was decided that Thompson " had to go , " he was an insider after all , since both Nelson and Bonacci said he was part of the snuff network ..
After that Thompson realized what he had done , and knew his fate was sealed , his wife recounts that he had told her he had absolutely no intentions of committing suicide , however he was certain he could be " suicided . "
She was talking to him on the phone , and said he had put the phone down , maybe to answer a knock ..
she said she heard a muffled bang and was still waiting for his reply which never came !
Amber alert on Capitol Hill by Tom Flocco , March 28 2005 .
Russell E. " Rusty " Nelson , who says that he has been in hiding and staying under the radar screen ever since , said that in 1988 he refused Hunter Thompson ’s offer of $ 100,000 to film a graphic child sex snuff movie , which was to be sold to wealthy private clients where a young boy would be murdered as a sacrifice .
Thompson reportedly committed suicide six days prior to Nelson ’s February 26 arrest , when simultaneous search warrants were served to confiscate Nelson ’s photographic equipment , computers , photos and " visual depictions of sexually explicit conduct involving a child ! "
Nelson said authorities were hoping to find evidence of child porn , he claims to have never been involved .
Nelson testified before Nebraska US Senior District Judge Warren Urbom on February 5 1999 , resulting in Urbom awarding attorney John DeCamp 's client , victim Paul Bonacci , $ 1 million dollars in damages for sexual abuse in a case against convicted GOP activist Larry King , who sang the national anthem at the 1984 and 1988 Republican national conventions .
An employee at Lincoln ’s DeCamp Legal Services , said the warrant ’s actual violation date was September 1 2003 , just prior to the 2004 presidential primary season , however it was not served until February 16 2005 , calling into question why authorities waited so long .
The revelations came during an unexpected phone call from Nelson , 42 , who also told TomFlocco.com he personally witnessed Secret Service agents arrive at King ’s Embassy Row mansion in Washington to set up security two days prior to a private child sex party attended by senators and congressmen he declined to name , the party was held immediately after a public political reception in October , 1988 , just prior to the Bush / Dukakis presidential election .
On the night of the two parties , Nelson said he saw a limousine arrive for the second party which was attended by young children .
He was told that it was the presidential limo , adding that he saw " several Secret Service agents guarding the vehicle from the time it arrived at 9 - 10 pm until it pulled away from King ’s home after midnight .
In addition to children the mostly male " after party , " was attended by members of congress and other businessmen according to Nelson , who declined to tell us when we asked if President Reagan or Vice President Bush had arrived in the limo , saying , " I will only tell which one it was , or the names of senators and congressmen in a courtroom .
"
Nelson said , " I found out from my sources that about twenty three children who attended those parties are now dead , and the politicians would really have a lot of explaining to do if the pictures ever got out , especially to their parents ; but they wo n’t unless something happens to me .
" When we asked Nelson whether he would ever offer sworn testimony and take a polygraph test to legally certify his more specific but explosive claims , the photographer said , " in a heartbeat , however no judge , grand jury , or congressmen ever asked me about this stuff , and the many grown kids out there who know the truth are too scared to talk about it .
" Ensnared as a fall guy for what the Washington Times called a White House and congressional child sex ring , the Nebraska photographer said the warrants were used to locate photo evidence of Capitol Hill pedophilia ..
I was approached by people connected to Larry King because of my photography work , and pretty soon I started going with him to Washington DC , to do various photo jobs at first there was nothing pornographic .
At that time I was broke , homeless and had hardly even a few dollars in my wallet , I depended on Larry for a room and food .. when I was on his jet with little kids and I saw children sold to the highest bidder at an auction , that ‘s when I really started to get scared .
" How did you come to know Larry King ?
I needed to find a decent job and he , Ron , who hired me for photos at club named Max‘s , goes ‘ I know somebody who probably be able to use a good photographer , I ’ll talk to him , all of a sudden , here ’s Larry King , I had no idea who he was , and next thing I ’m on a private jet to Washington , DC , and just lavishly being spent money on , clothes ...
" How old were you ?
About 24 , 25 or maybe 23 .
Did you function as a photographer for Larry ?
Oh , yes .
What did you photograph ?
Things like the opening of Prince ’s Palace , a restaurant , a jazz club he started , I took pictures at his mansion on Embassy Row , he kept wanting me to do kiddie porn , gay porn ..
I wanted no part of it , he went to the extent of insisting I wear certain clothes , my hair had to be a certain way , Nancy Reagan ’s hairdresser Robin Weir did my hair , permed it , everything , totally changed my appearance .
Nelson added , " I saw this guy Nick dressed exactly like me on three different occasions , " adding , " whenever we were in the same area , Larry would quickly get him out of there , he even had the identical camera I had .
"
" One night in the spring of 1988 on K street in Washington , I ’m sound asleep and a guy knocks on the door and says , " I just bought you from Larry and you ’re mine for the night , " said Nelson , who continued , " I climbed out the second story window and ran .. this was not long before the presidential election when Franklin Credit Union was raided . "
" I was so scared .
I lived in hiding for eight years , never stayed anywhere for more than three weeks or so , usually I did odd jobs , washed windows , hotels , restaurants to get something to live on ..
I was shot at and wanted to keep under the radar , " said Nelson .
" I never did it , " said Nelson , adding , " they had no photos and if they did , they would n't show me the photos they were using to put me away , I held out .. they set my bail for $ 873,000 cash , and finally put me in solitary confinement for twenty two and a half months , on a thirteen month sentence after I gave in to just get it over with , I pleaded no contest for a photo of a minor in a sexually explicit pose without any photos or proof , no person bringing the charges , I did n’t even know the accuser and I still do n’t , they just said it was a minor , " he said .
Knowing the political and criminal implications of a child sex scandal , higher powers had enough motives to keep Rusty Nelson in solitary confinement , an unnecessary and unusual punishment normally reserved for hardened criminals .
But 1996 GOP presidential candidate Bob Dole ’s wife , now North Carolina Senator Elizabeth Dole , had an aide who was closely linked to the Washington call boy ring , so there is reason to believe it was important to keep Nelson incommunicado and in solitary confinement .
A news report confirmed why Nelson was likely taken off the street ..
" a top Labor Department advisor to Secretary Elizabeth Dole resigned yesterday , after acknowledging that he had procured male prostitutes and was subject to blackmail threats by one of the call boys . "
Washington Times , 30 June 1989 ..
The paper had previously reported that a 15 year old call boy had toured the White House at midnight .
Not mentioning either children or members of congress , The Times added , " according to documents obtained , the homosexual prostitution ring includes not only Reagan and Bush administration officials , but military officers , congressional aides , and U.S. foreign businessmen with close social ties to Washington ’s political elite .
" Nelson told us , " While I was in jail , the FBI went to my parents ’ farm in Nebraska and took sledge hammers to the walls , shot out all the windows and appliances of our barn , ransacked my parents house without a warrant on two separate occasions , looking for stuff related to Franklin , evidence .. the photos , but I was not shooting kiddie porn . " " There were military shell casings all over our property , " he said , " and when I had to leave Portland to go testify in Nebraska , state parole officers did everything they could to keep me from testifying before Judge Urbom , " said Nelson , adding , " they said I was in solitary to protect me , but it was more like torture since they woke me up so much I never got any sleep , spent $ 50,000 to extradite me back to Oregon for a DNA sample , then put me on death row at Leavenworth prison for a few weeks with violent criminals , heck , I saw them beat one guy and four men died while I was at Moltnomah County Detention Center in Portland . " " This last arrest , after the Thompson suicide in February , I was roughed up , pushed into walls , and they would not let me see their badge numbers ..
I was helping a friend open up her photography studio , that ’s the only way I can earn money to survive , " he said .
" They said I was soliciting a minor for photographs ; but we were only looking for a few junior bridesmaids for a bridal show promotion with other women .
And the parents were all involved and were always required to sign releases and be present for all photo shoots .
We did nothing wrong .
I am good at wedding photography and you can earn good money in that business , " Nelson continued , adding " how else am I able to work ? "
" In the spring of 2003 , not long after key child sex ring witness Troy Boner was found mysteriously dead in a New Mexico hospital , a guy wearing dark sunglasses came up to me and said , " drop Franklin ; you ’re in too deep , your family and life are in jeopardy , " then he walked away .
"
Even more recently , on October 22 , 2004 , two weeks before George W. Bush edged out John F. Kerry for the presidency , Delmart " Mike " Vreeland was arrested in Franklin county , Iowa on charges of child prostitution allegedly committed in Colorado .
Vreeland is now off the street , however , reportedly in solitary confinement with no contact with other prisoners , after having been said to have predicted the 9/11 attacks in a note written while he was previously in prison on other charges .
While the rest of the country reels from relatively frequent amber alerts in Florida and around the United States , evidence continues to point toward reasons for commencing an amber alert on Capitol Hill , what some would say is the epicenter of child sex criminality .
MANZHA , China 
Tucked away in China ’s steamy tropical southwest are the villages of the Dai people , famous throughout the country for a raucous annual tradition : a water - splashing festival where the Dai douse one another for three days in the streets using any container they can get their hands on  buckets , wash basins , teacups , balloons , water guns .
But in Manzha and four surrounding villages , the springtime festival has taken on added significance  or insignificance , depending on how you look at it .
Imagine a nonstop Mardi Gras with fire hoses : at a site called the Dai Minority Park , water - splashing extravaganzas take place every day .
Yuppies from China ’s boom cities arrive by the busload to take part in a wild frenzy of dousing and dunking and drenching with 100 Dai women dressed in bright pink , yellow and blue traditional dresses  “ our warmest and sweetest Dai princesses , ” as an announcer calls them .
“ A lot of tourists want to come see this , but it ’s only a few days a year , ” said Zhao Li , one of the management office employees , who are virtually all Han , the dominant ethnic group in China .
“ So we decided to make it every day , so everyone can experience water splashing . ”
“ Julie and Julia ”
Directed by Nora Ephron
2009 , PG - 13 , 123 min .
I have long admired Nora Ephron ’s writing .
But this year she not only wrote but also produced and directed a movie that IMHO ( in my humble — or is it honest — opinion ) is the best of the year , “ Julie and Julia . ”
It ’s also probably the most underrated .
“ Julie and Julia ” is a celebration of women , and their “ traditional ” domain , the kitchen and food .
But as with much in life , the pinnacle of many a career is occupied by men , the kitchen included .
And so it was in 1950s France when Julia Child arrived in Paris with her U.S. diplomat husband .
Men dominated the top cooking positions .
It was an all - male class that Ms. Child elbowed her way into at Paris ’ famous Le Cordon Bleu .
Ephron shows Julia Child as pioneer , bringing her to life for a new generation of women to appreciate .
And with Meryl Streep ’s stellar and Oscar - nominated performance , there is much to appreciate .
Ephron also expertly weaves the modern - day blogging story of Julie Powell ’s “ Julie / Julia Project ” with Child ’s autobiography , “ My Life in France . ”
Ephron manages to place each woman in her time , place and circumstance .
Powell is in a thankless post - 9/11 job answering questions from stressed out victims of that attack .
Child is in post - war France , at the beginning of the anti-Communist witchhunts in the U.S. and reaction against things “ foreign . ”
( Ephron portrays the real - life State Department witchhunt interview with Paul Child . )
And she embraces open air markets with live eels and other French food delights that would be considered strange by 1950s American cooking standards of tuna casserole topped with potato chips and marshmallow jello molds .
In Ephron ’s and Streep ’s world , Child is the definition of “ joie de vivre ” and embodies a never - quit , fearless spirit , refreshing to see in a woman in the kitchen chopping onions .
Ephron ’s nuanced portrayal of the Childs ’ relationship also makes you realize Paul was quite a forward thinking man , un- intimidated by Julia ’s exuberance and intelligence , happy to be her partner on this journey .
Julia Child embarks with two French women , Simone Beck and Louisette Bertholle , into unknown territory for everyone – man or woman .
They write a French cookbook for the American kitchen ( actually Child says for women without servants ) , “ Mastering the Art of French Cooking . ”
As a child of Saturday Night Live ’s portrayal of Ms. Child , I never quite took her too seriously .
Yet after seeing “ Julie and Julia ” I found a new and profound appreciation for the pioneer chef .
If it was n’t for Julia Child , who not only pioneered and mastered the complexities of French cooking in an American context , but also created the TV chef , where would the Food Network or Iron Chef be ?
The story of blogging Julie was , for me , just a foil to modernize and bring anew the life and times and contribution of Julia Child – although Ephron ’s expertise makes the character more interesting than she is reported to be in life .
“ Julie and Julia ” is a refreshing portrayal of two adult women , passionate about cooking and food science .
It is funny and a welcome respite from too many female roles that can be put into either victim or object categories .
If I had a vote for Best Director , it would go to Ephron .
And apparently the Oscar committee does n’t agree with me since Ephron is not on this year ’s list .
Photo : Meryl Streep plays Julia Child in the movie “ Julie and Julia . ”
Kjøttklister blir tillatt i Norge
EU har vedtatt å tillate stoffet trombin , også kalt kjøttklister .
Norge må følge etter , og kan få sammensatt kjøtt i butikkene til sommeren .
Oppdatert 9 . februar 2010
Artikkelen er over ti år gammel
Til nå har tilsetningsstoffet trombin , et enzym som får blodet i kjøttet til å koagulere og dermed feste bitene sammen , ikke vært tillatt i Norge .
Nå må man imidlertid følge Europakommisjonens vedtak om å tillate stoffet .
Mattilsynet stiller seg negative til vedtaket .
- Vi er blant de negative til trombin .
Det finnes allerede et tilsvarende enzym som brukes i en del EU - land , men i Norge , Sverige og Danmark anses dette som et ulovlig tilsetningsstoff , sier rådgiver Gro Rimstad i Mattilsynet til NRK .
Hva mener du om vedtaket ?
Si din meningher !
Danskene har allerede varslet at de vil stemme imot forslaget .
Før endringene kan tre i kraft , må de granskes i Europaparlamentet .
Opplysningskontoret for kjøtt mener at kjøttklisteret kan gå ut over saftigheten i kjøttet .
- Dette har vi lite informasjon om , men så langt vi kan forstå vil metoden gå ut over saftigheten når man kombinerer små kjøttstykker for å lage et stort et , sier informasjonsleder Oda Christensen i Opplysningskontoret for kjøtt .
Kjøttet som vil inneholde kjøttklisteret skal ikke selges til catering , restauranter , sykehus og lignende , bare til sluttforbruker .
Gro Rimstad sier at mange små biter med overflatekontaminering ( forurensing ) vil føre til forurensing i kjernen av kjøttet , og anbefaler forbrukere som kjøper kjøttet å gjennomsteke eller koke det .
Publisert : 09.02.10 kl. 16:05 Oppdatert : 09.02.10 kl. 16:58
Mer om EU
( CNN ) -- Doctors are already good at diagnosing Alzheimer 's disease in a patient with obvious symptoms , which include memory loss , vision problems and confusion .
But the cutting - edge research is looking for the brain mechanisms of the condition at its earliest stages , maximizing the potential for intervention .
Two studies published this week that may help pave the way for better treatments for people with Alzheimer 's , which affects as many as 5.3 million Americans , according to the Alzheimer 's Association .
One is a drink that you may one day be able to pick up at the pharmacy ; the other is a detection method .
Drink to your health ?
One of the features of a brain with Alzheimer 's disease is the loss of synapses , which are junctions between two neurons or between a neuron and a muscle .
Research suggests some connection between low numbers of synapses in a person 's brain and Alzheimer 's symptoms such as memory impairment and language deterioration .
Scientists have developed a drink called Souvenaid that is a " medical food , " meaning it 's taken under the guidance of a physician to manage a specific condition .
The drink has three components -- uridine , choline , and the omega - 3 fatty acid DHA -- that , working together , help restore synapses , said Dr. Richard Wurtman , professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and co-author of the study .
Uridine is a molecule used in the genetic coding for RNA , choline is in the vitamin B family , and DHA is found in certain fish and fish oils .
These nutrients are already found in the human body and have been shown to be safe , he said .
But taking a supplement of any one of them will not have the same beneficial effect , he said .
Together in the right proportions , the cocktail increases the production of fatty constituents and proteins needed for synapses .
The study looked at 225 patients who had mild Alzheimer 's , according to an examination .
Some took Souvenaid , and the control group participants received a non-medical drink , once a day for 12 weeks .
They found that patients showed significant improvement in the delayed verbal recall task , in which participants were asked to remember what they had been told earlier .
The idea is that the formation of synapses delays the symptoms of Alzheimer 's , but it is not a cure , experts said .
" There was a clear difference .
The difference was greatest in people with very mild but quite real Alzheimer 's , " he said .
The product may be commercialized as early as next year , Nigel Hughes , general manager of Nutricia America .
Nutricia is a unit of the international food giant Danone ( Dannon in the United States ) , for which Wurtman is also a consultant .
There are other clinical studies of Souvenaid going on of 500 participants each , and the company plans to do an " early experience program " of selling the product in a small geographic area in the United States , having it available in pharmacies , he said .
Although the product has been shown to be safe , there is no evidence whatsoever that it should be taken by anyone who does not have mild or early stage Alzheimer 's disease , Hughes said .
Early Alzheimer 's patients drinking the combination of these nutrients is akin to pregnant women taking folic acid supplements , Wurtman said .
It 's not that they are deficient in these nutrients , but the addition of more of them carries benefits , he said .
Yian Gu , postdoctoral researcher in neurology at Columbia University Medical Center , who studies the relationship between diet and Alzheimer 's , said the study looks promising if the claims of memory improvement hold up , but noted that further research should be done to confirm those results .
There should also be comparisons with nutritional supplements currently available on the market , such as multivitamins and fish oil , Gu said .
There were also cognitive and memory tasks that the drink did not seem to improve , according to the study , and the researchers should look further into what other improvements can be seen besides the verbal recall finding , Gu said .
The study is published in the journal Alzheimer 's & Dementia .
Not all the news on Alzheimer 's treatments is positive .
Patients in a phase III trial for tarenflurbil , a drug that showed promise in an earlier phase II trial , did not experience improvement in cognition or daily function compared with those who received a placebo , according to a recent study in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
Scanning for the earliest signs
While the Souvenaid study focused on the loss of synapses as the mechanism behind Alzheimer 's symptoms , an Italian group is working on identifying a different marker of the condition .
In a study published in the journal Neurology , researchers showed that a kind of MRI called diffusion tensor imaging may pick up signs of Alzheimer 's in healthy elderly individuals .
Lead author Dr. Giovanni Carlesimo , of Tor Vergata University and the Santa Lucia Foundation in Rome , Italy , said the findings are preliminary but could be useful for future drug therapies to target the specific brain changes shown on the scan .
Researchers looked at the hippocampus , the brain structure associated with memory .
They found that the mean diffusivity of the hippocampus -- a measure of how water is distributed within the tissues -- was correlated with how well participants performed on tests of verbal and visual - spatial memory .
The mean diffusivity in the hippocampus , as reflected in this brain scan , could represent some of the earliest structural changes that occur in the early stages of Alzheimer 's , researchers say .
The research was done on 76 healthy people ages 20 to 80 .
The effect was most pronounced in the over - 50 - year - olds , the scientists reported .
The study is an important demonstration that MRI can be used to understand age - associated changes in the brain , said Adam Brickman , assistant professor of neuropsychology at Columbia University Medical Center .
But Brickman cautioned that this does not mean everyone should request this test .
" This might be something that will be useful down the road , but it 's not diagnostic right now , " he said .
“ We have to agree , that deal is dead , ” said Valerie Lincy , senior associate at the Wisconsin Project on Nuclear Arms Control .
Image President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran ordered the nation ’s atomic energy agency on Sunday to begin producing a special form of uranium .
Credit ... Atta Kenare / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
There is every reason to believe that Mr. Ahmadinejad ’s order on Sunday may represent nuclear gamesmanship .
To enrich its current stockpile of uranium to roughly 20 percent purity  what is needed for the Tehran reactor , which the United States provided to the country before the Islamic Revolution  would require retooling the configuration of the nation ’s centrifuges .
It comes at a moment when Western intelligence agencies say that Iran has run into technical difficulties at its nuclear plants .
It is unclear if those troubles have been caused by Iran ’s own technical failings , outside sabotage or some other reason .
But in recent months , United States intelligence officials have told Congress and close allies , in classified briefings , that covert efforts to interfere with Iran ’s capability are extremely active .
Even if Iran could produce the 20 percent enriched uranium , it would then have to manufacture it into specialized fuel rods for the reactor .
That technology is most advanced in France and Argentina .
Creating the capability in Iran could take years .
The announcement by Mr. Ahmadinejad comes at a time of intense diplomatic maneuvering over how to deal with Iran ’s nuclear program .
The United States has been working hard to persuade other nations to accept new and punishing sanctions , while Iran is trying to thwart those efforts .
Iran has largely succeeded with China , which receives about 15 percent of its oil from Iran .
Until now , Iran has never enriched significant quantities of fuel beyond the level needed in ordinary nuclear reactors , part of its argument that its program is for peaceful purposes .
But any effort to produce 20 percent enriched uranium would put the country in a position to produce highly enriched uranium  at the 90 percent level used for weapons  in a comparatively short time , nuclear experts say .
Mr. Ahmadinejad ’s announcement that Iran would produce medical - reactor fuel itself came at a laser technology conference in Tehran , where he told Ali Akbar Salehi , head of the atomic energy agency , who was seated in the audience , to move ahead .
Raj Patel ’s desk sits in a dusty , cement - floored nook in his garage , just beyond a parked gray Prius , near the washer and dryer .
They are humble surroundings for a god .
“ It is absurd to be put in this position , when I ’m just some bloke , ” Mr. Patel said .
A native of London now living on Potrero Hill in San Francisco , Mr. Patel suddenly finds himself an unlikely object of worship , proclaimed the messiah Maitreya by followers of the New Age religious sect Share International .
He was raised as a Hindu and had never heard of the group .
He has no desire for deification .
But he may not have a choice .
Mr. Patel ’s journey from ordinary person to unwilling lord is a case of having the wrong résumé at the wrong moment in history .
For this is a time when human yearning to find a magical cure for the world ’s woes can be harnessed to the digital age ’s instant access to a vast treasure - trove of personal information .
Strange and Funniest PhotoShop Fails
Rip - offs , errors and just plain stupidity , these Photoshop fails have it all .
What ’s worse is that they did n’t even try !
The paparazzi aside , the popular press has gone down hill .
So has the quality of work being faked by the PhotoShop moron .
Anyone with a computer and a card reader or scanner can make whatever they like .
The only problem is , they are making whatever they like and avoiding the use of common sense .
Here are some examples of so strange PhotoShop fails .
Three Handed Hannah
Seems when Miley Cyrus and Nick Jonas were a couple she could keep her hand to herself , or other hand , or her other hand .
Lady Tripod ( No , not THAT kind of tripod )
Extra appendages abound for Lady Guinevere .
A hand to hold is worth two by your side .
The Thing At the Beach
Pretty Lady takes Addams Family member to the beach .
This picture was obviously taken by Uncle Fester and she has an outing to the Annual wig show planned with Cousin It .
On Newsstands Everywhere
Those are some might frightening fingers on that lovely girl .
Good thing she ’s not a hand model .
Girl Friend / Predator
The offspring of Predator has just turned 21 and can be seen clubbing with her friends all over L.A .
We are SO Gonna Get It
Now that is some product !
Not only do you get curves it turns you white !?
What the hell happened here ?
It might be a T - shirt , it might be another body .
I do n’t know , the the contrast is obvious .
No Head
Courtesy of Sports Illustrated .
Bermuda Triangle Effect
Man Overboard !
They were sure Steve was there just a minute ago .
This is crazy , why take ole Steve out ?
The Sun has a lot to learn about ripping people off .
I thought Steve was way more interesting than the other guys .
That ’s One Huge CD
In the transition between the LP and CD , a middle format seems to have been lost .
No worries , we found it .
Microsoft Photoshop Race Fail
A black guy in a suit simply did n’t fit the corporate profile so instead , a no necked white guy was inserted .
We 've long derided appliancelike vehicles for being the wrong answer to the transportation problem .
The recent Toyota recalls bring up an interesting question :
If you remove the driver from the act of driving , what happens when something goes wrong ?
Advertisement
Driving is supposed to be a sensory - based activity , one that utilizes sight , sound , smell and touch to accomplish a purposeful , and often entertaining , task .
You watch the world around you , you listen to the sound of rubber meeting the road , you smell the aroma of hot brakes , and you feel how the car reacts as you traverse a corner .
Once upon a time , using these senses , ordinary people could diagnose ( and often fix ) problems .
If you did n't know how to fix something , you were still provided with the opportunity to notice an issue — machinery was transparent enough that you could at least say " Hey , something is wrong here , " and take your car to someone who could fix it .
Over the course of the past few decades , however , our senses have been usurped by sensors
In many cases , tasks that used to be performed by the driver are now accomplished by electronic sensors .
You do n't look for traffic in the next lane over because you have a lane departure warning system .
You do n't listen to your car 's engine because your car listens for you — if something goes wrong , a light will come on and let you know .
You do n't even have to learn how to drive a car within the limits of its tires or suspension — electronic stability control takes care of that .
Advertisement
On a fundamental level , a lot of this is unavoidable .
If you distill its purpose down , the car does n't exist to make you happy or involve you in what it 's doing ; its purpose is to provide clean , safe transportation .
Given that , technology creep is inevitable , and a lot of it is for the better — things like electronically controlled differentials and engine management systems that allow for streetable , sky - high horsepower are proof of that .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Still , we can't help thinking that something is wrong .
The problem comes when you dilute the man-machine connection .
Toyota , more than any other company , is guilty of this .
Even the company 's CEO , Akio Toyoda , has acknowledged that excitement is lacking in their product lineup .
Get in a new Toyota product like the Camry or Corolla and what impresses you most is the unobtrusiveness of the experience — you can drive 300 miles , climb out of the car , and forget that you were driving at all .
Advertisement
When you ask — whether intentionally or not — for a driver to shut down his or her senses , most people will comply .
In essence , a Toyota Prius , with its feedback - free controls and slow - is - better mentality , offers you disconnected , on - off options : Stop. Go. Point .
The car does everything else , and when something goes wrong , the driver 's ability to respond is limited .
A lack of choice prompts us to choose less often , which teaches us to think less behind the wheel , which means that we become dumbfounded when presented with simple problems .
Advertisement
Do n't believe us ?
When the floor mats were to blame for creating fiery death situations , Toyota had to release a guide to drivers explaining what to do in the event one gets stuck under the accelerator .
When did we start needing this kind of lowest - common - denominator instruction ?
And why has the act of turning off a car become so complicated ?
( In order to shut down a vehicle like the Toyota Venza , you have to push a button for three seconds , which also shuts down the power steering .
Not exactly the type of instant response you want when you 're heading face - first into an eighteen - wheeler . )
Advertisement
What are you supposed to do in that case ?
Easy :
Shift the car into neutral , which preserves control and lets the stuck - throttle engine rev its little heart out with no ill effect .
But that , too , is fraught with issues :
Many modern cars have shift levers that do n't offer an instantly apparent way to disengage the transmission , and few people become familiar with the function because it 's rarely used .
( I once saw two adults pull over a Mazda3 because it was in automanual mode and they were flummoxed because they did n't know how to shift it . )
And this whole issue with Steve Wozniak 's Prius ?
We 're fairly certain that he just does n't understand how radar cruise control works — after all , it 's a complex electronic device , and he's ONLY THE GUY WHO HELPED CREATE THE MODERN PC !
The same goes for the Prius brake problems — if the reports are to be believed , we 're talking about a one - second delay as the car switches over from regenerative braking to stopping .
People can't deal with this ?
In an older car , it'd be a quirk , but according to the media , it 's probably caused hundreds of accidents .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Let 's repeat one thing :
When it comes to beigeness and the fog of technological complexity , Toyota is n't the only culprit .
Every mass - production car sold in America , from Prius to Porsche , uses complicated electronics and drive - by - wire systems ; these things are necessary to comply with ever - growing government regulation and societal needs .
The difference lies in the approach :
The braking system on a 911 is designed to provide both feedback and capability , while the system in a Toyota Prius is aimed solely at regenerative efforts and making you feel like the distant captain of Ed Begley Jr. 's underwear drawer spaceship .
Beige Is The New Vanilla I really like vanilla .
In its various subtle forms it can be arousing and enticing without …
Read more
Advertisement
Everyone wants to know if Toyota 's issues can be traced to a software problem — a technical typo , in other words , and not an actual design defect .
We think it can be .
The modern beige vehicle has so removed the driver from the act of driving that it 's rewritten the software in our skulls .
Three held after security alert at Heathrow Airport
There is heightened security at airports after failed Christmas Day bombings Police have arrested three men on a plane at London 's Heathrow Airport on suspicion of making a bomb threat .
Armed officers boarded the Dubai - bound Emirates flight after verbal threats were made to air crew .
The Metropolitan Police said the three men , aged aged 58 , 48 and 36 , were in police custody .
The incident came amid heightened tension at airports across the world following an unsuccessful attempt to bomb an airliner on Christmas Day .
The Metropolitan Police said police were called after a " verbal threat was made to staff " .
" They have been arrested on suspicion of making a bomb threat , " the force said .
Police with sniffer dogs searched the aircraft , which had 331 passengers on board , and it is understood no dangerous substances were found .
Rescheduled departure
The other passengers were eventually taken off the aircraft and driven to a hotel for the night .
Their flight was rescheduled and departed on Saturday afternoon .
He talked about bombs and how easy it was to blow up a plane
Rylan Dobson
Passenger A statement from Emirates said : " Following remarks made as Emirates flight EK004 prepared to depart London Heathrow for Dubai ( yesterday ) evening , crew alerted the Metropolitan Police who subsequently boarded the aircraft and detained three passengers .
" The safety and security of all our passengers is paramount .
We apologise for the inconvenience . "
The threat was made at 2115 GMT on Friday as the aircraft was due to take off for Dubai .
It is thought the suspects were all British men who were sitting in economy .
' Muttered threats ' Rylan Dobson , 25 , from London , was sitting next to one of the three men arrested on suspicion of making a bomb threat .
" I had to restrain him after the threats he made became too much for comfort , " he told the BBC News website .
" He had seemed inebriated when he first got on the plane .
He was muttering to himself and he managed to offend a woman nearby .
" The cabin crew told him to tone down his language .
That was when he began muttering threats about killing people .
" He talked about bombs and how easy it was to blow up a plane .
First to me , then to the female passenger nearby and then to anyone in earshot .
Mr Dobson said he was " surprised " at being asked by the cabin crew to restrain the man .
" I agreed because I was the one sitting in the aisle seat and he was trapped in next to me .
" They gave me plastic cuffs , which I used .
He struggled initially but eventually he calmed down and the police led him away . "
Extra bag checks , body searches and on board regulations have seen travellers in London wait up to three hours before their flights take off , following the failed bombing of plane en route to the US city of Detroit .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you ’re a musician , walking the floor of the NAMM Show is like taking a trip to Candy Mountain .
All the latest music gear gets trotted out at the massive industry expo in Anaheim , California .
We ’re talking five or six football fields worth of the newest guitars , amps , basses , drums , mikes , keyboards , sousaphones , electric oboes — think Guitar Center cranked up to 11 .
It ’s pretty intense .
What follows is a list of the coolest , most creative stuff we saw at this year ’s NAMM Show in January .
These are n’t in - depth reviews , but we did get to play with , touch and listen to scores of different products , including everything shown here .
If we were cut from lesser moral cloth , these are the things we would have smuggled out under our overcoats .
( Oh , the NAMM name ?
The show is put on by the National Association of Music Merchants . )
Above :
Minarik Lotus Double - Neck
Guitar maker M.E. Minarik is known for his wild designs , but this gorgeously lysergic double - neck version of his classic Lotus takes the space cake .
The looks are outrageous :
The mother - of - pearl binding , fretboard inlays and the intricately carved figures of Hindu gods and goddesses had us wishing we ’d brought the bell bottoms and the incense .
The Lotus is all mahogany under the quilted maple top , so the gold Tone Perfect pickups give off a nice , warm , Gibson - style sound .
Standard , Chinese - built Minarik Lotus models start at around $ 500 .
This fitted out , fully custom , U.S. - built double - neck version runs upwards of $ 3,500 .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Moog Taurus 3
Few instruments scream “ Prog Rock Explosion ” louder than the Moog Taurus .
The 13 - note , foot - controlled synth - bass pedal board ( like those found on organs ) powered the low end for ’ 70 ’s prog champs Rush , Yes , Genesis and Pink Floyd .
The fat , stadium - rumbling low - frequency tones of the vintage units have been faithfully recreated by Moog Music , and are supplemented in the Taurus 3 by 52 additional factory presets and 48 user - programmable presets .
This thoroughly modern steel - and - wood update ( which costs $ 2,000 ) also has full MIDI capability and gobs of digital and analog ins and outs .
Moog is only making 1,000 of them , so you ’ll have to act quickly if you want to ace that cover of “ The Trees . ”
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
DPA 4099 Instrument Mike
If you have a Martin guitar , vintage Getzen trumpet or some other priceless instrument you want to set up for performance or recording , look no further than the Danish Pro Audio 4099 .
DPA has crafted what is essentially a tiny shotgun mike and fashioned it to a gooseneck mount and a padded clamp that ’s safe enough for the most beloved of axes .
We heard this mike get up close and personal with an upright bass at NAMM .
It was clear , vibrant and well - rounded — way better than a pickup .
Plus , for $ 600 , you can avoid having to drill holes in your old wood .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Burriss Amps
Low - powered “ Lunchbox ” guitar amps give you gritty , toneful sounds at civilized volumes .
They ’re also lightweight , portable and inexpensive , so it ’s no wonder they were all the rage this year at NAMM .
Burriss amps are handmade in Kentucky , and they ’ll impart a bit of that bourbon - and - barbecue vintage rock ‘ n ’ roll vibe into anything you play through them .
Designer Bob Burriss makes two models , the smooth and glassy Royal Bluesman and the hotter , drier Dirty Red ( around $ 1,000 each ) .
Both are Class A , 18 - watt hand - wired boxes with six tubes inside .
The Royal Bluesman has vibrato and reverb built in , and the Dirty Red has a special output that can power your pedal board .
Photo : Jim Mewithew / Wired.com
Fender G-DEC 3
Fender ’s tiny G - DEC 3 amp packs a busload of tech into a small practice rig for the budding bedroom guitarist .
It has an on - board digital effects unit that lets you dial in literally hundreds of different sounds .
Go from Dimebag to Django with a few twists of the knobs , or fire up one of the pre-recorded backing tracks and jam along with different canned bands .
The G - DEC 3 also comes with a USB port for hooking it up to your PC , plus software ( a Fenderized version of Abelton Live ) for recording and editing your own songs .
After that , you can load your audio files onto SD cards and play on top of them .
Get all the glory of being in a band without any of the turgid drama .
15 and 30 - watt versions are available , starting at $ 300 .
Photo : Jim Mewithew / Wired.com
Tascam DP -008 Pocketstudio
Sure , GarageBand is fun and everything , but there ’s something about those old , crusty 4 - track recorders we all had in the ’80s and ’90s that made recording your own songs in mom ’s basement so exciting .
Tascam — the company behind the iconic 424 PortaStudio — has dressed up the old classic with some 21st - century trim and given us the DP - 008 digital 8 - track ( $ 300 ) .
Hook up a mike or emote directly into the built - in pair of condensers .
The array of knobs and the big jog wheel preserve that hands - on vibe .
Add some on - board reverb , mix down to an SD card and send a link to @loubarlow on Twitter .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Rev. Willy ’s Mexican Lottery Brand Guitar Strings
Legend has it , Billy Gibbons of ZZ
Top once had a backstage encounter with blues great B.B. King , who advised him to use lighter strings on his guitar .
Billy ’s taken that advice to the extreme over the years .
He now plays extra - thin .007 - gauge strings , a size so rare , he had to commission stringmaker Jim Dunlop to produce them for him .
Now , Dunlop has perfected the process for mass production and packages Gibbons ’ custom strings , along with thicker gauges , under its Rev. Willy ’s Mexican Lottery line .
These so - thin - they ’re - barely - there strings will cost about $ 5 a pack , when they come out later this year .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Ultrasone Edition 8
Ultrasone has been gaining major respect from studio pros and audiophiles with its S - Logic series of headphones for the last few years , but the German company is really aiming for the top of the line with these fancy cans .
The beautifully designed Edition 8s are tooled from ruthenium , a sibling of platinum , and the ear pads are covered in Ethiopian sheepskin .
But the sound is what counts , and the Edition 8s are exemplary .
They ’ve got clear , chimey highs and punchy mids for days .
Some find them too punchy — there ’s no way you ’ll put these on without going “ woah ” — and they certainly sound better at lower volumes through a proper headphone amp than coming straight out of an iPod cranked up to 10 .
But at $ 1,500 , they ’re made more for the Eames lounge chair than the back of a city bus , anyway .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Daisy Rock Guitars
We know these things are made for tween girls , but we just ca n’t help ourselves .
Besides , there ’s no better way to stick a fork in the eye of the jaded cynic who worships all things vintage than showing up to the gig with a $ 350 sparkly purple Daisy Rock .
Oh , and guess what , Mister Fancy Pants :
These things are light , have thin necks that are a dream to play , and come with twin high - output humbuckers that sound freaking huge .
Daisy
Rock makes more - traditional , vintage - inspired designs as well .
But come on — purple sparkles ?
We ’ll take two .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Couch Straps
The intrepid crafters at Couch make their unique , handsome guitar straps out of “ deadstock ” materials — leftover upholstery from automotive warehouses , decades - old factory waste , vintage camera straps and old seatbelts .
The materials are reinforced for durability and stitched by hand , then sold directly to the guitar - playing public through a web store .
The company also commissions silk - screen designs from hipster artists like Matty Byloos , Skullphone and Brock Davis .
Everything Couch makes is vegan :
The end tabs are made from vinyl instead of leather , so the straps are eco-friendly and cruelty - free .
Plus , Nels Cline and Beck both use them , so we ’re sold .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Details on the changes in Metro bus service , effective February 6th , are available online .
New red timetables and a special rider alert brochure will soon be available .
The changes are now live on the Trip Planner and timetables will be posted online on February 5 .
This is a major service change , with over 80 bus routes affected .
Highlights are :
New Route 156 to replace part of Route 140 service in McMicken Heights and will serve Southcenter , SeaTac / Airport Link , and Tukwila Sounder stations .
Route 194 replaced by Link light rail and expanded service on ST Express routes 574 , 577 , and 578 .
Route 140 now serves Tukwila International Blvd station via Southcenter Blvd .
It no longer serves McMicken Heights ( use Route 156 ) , the airport ( use Link ) , and Air Cargo Rd ( use Route 180 ) .
ST 560 and 574 will be the only routes serving the Sea - Tac Airport terminal stops .
All other routes will serve SeaTac / Airport Station ( including ST 574 )
Routes 76 , 77 , 216 , 218 , and 316 move to the Downtown Seattle Transit Tunnel
Long - term construction reroutes for 73 , 77 , and 316 373 in the Northgate area .
373 in the Northgate area .
More frequent service on routes 8 , 9 , 36 and 60 to improve connections to Link
More trips on routes between West Seattle , SODO , and downtown Seattle as mitigation for Viaduct construction .
Trip reductions on approximately 40 Metro routes
Previously covered : Sound Transit service changes , also on Feb 6 .
Winners for the 2010 Annual Interactive Achievement Award ( DICE awards ) voted by the entire video game development community has been announced .
Along with announcing top games of 2009 , the Annual Interactive Achievement Awards has honored successful game designer and Activision co-founder , David Crane with the AIAS ’ first Pioneer Award .
Entertainment Software Association ( ESA ) founder , Douglas Lowenstein ( Crash Bandicoot and Spyro the Dragon ) was inducted into the Hall of Fame honored with the Lifetime Achievement Award .
Find the list after the break .
Game of the Year :
Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves
Publisher : Sony Computer Entertainment
Developer : Naughty Dog
Producer : Sam Thompson
Creative Director : Amy Hennig
Game Director : Bruce Straley
Outstanding Achievement in Game Direction
Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves
Publisher : Sony Computer Entertainment
Developer : Naughty Dog
Producer : Sam Thompson
Creative Director : Amy Hennig
Game Director : Bruce Straley
Casual Game of the Year
Flower
Publisher : Sony Computer Entertainment America
Developer : thatgamecompany
Producer : Kellee Santiago
Creative Director : Jenova Chen
Fighting Game of the Year
Street Fighter IV
Publisher : Capcom
Developer : Capcom
Producer : Yoshinori Ono
Role - Playing / Massively Multiplayer Game of the Year
Dragon Age : Origins
Publisher : Electronic Arts
Developer : Bioware
Producer : Mark Darrah
Creative Director : Mike Laidlaw
Game Director : Mark Darrah
Sports Game of the Year
FIFA Soccer 10
Publisher : Electronic Arts
Developer : EA Canada
Producer : David Rutter
Creative Director : Gary Paterson
Game Director : Kaz Makita
Racing Game of the Year
Forza Motorsport 3
Publisher : Microsoft Game Studios
Developer : Turn 10 Studios
Producer : Korey Krauskopf
Creative Director : John Wendl
Game Director : Dan Greenawalt
Outstanding Achievement in Game Design
Batman : Arkham Asylum
Publisher : Eidos / Warner Bros Interactive Entertainment
Developer : Rocksteady Studios
Lead Level Designer : Ian Ball
Adventure Game of the Year
Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves
Publisher : Sony Computer Entertainment
Developer : Naughty Dog
Producer : Sam Thompson
Creative Director : Amy Hennig
Game Director : Bruce Straley
Social Networking Game of the Year
Farmville
Publisher : Zynga
Developer : Zynga
Producer : David Gray
Creative Director : Mark Skaggs
Game Director : Bill Mooney
Strategy / Simulation Game of the Year
Brutal Legend
Publisher : Electronic Arts
Developer : Double Fine Productions
Producer : Caroline Esmurdoc
Creative Director : Tim Schafer
Game Director : Tim Schafer
Action Game of the Year
Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2
Publisher : Activision
Developer : Infinity Ward
Producer : Mark Rubin
Game Director : Jason West
Family Game of the Year
The Beatles : Rock Band
Publisher : MTV Games
Developer : Harmonix Music Systems
Producers : Paul DeGooyer , Jeff Jones , Alex Rigopulos
Creative Director : Chris Foster
Game Director : Josh Randall
Outstanding Innovation in Gaming
Scribblenauts
Publisher : Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Developer : 5th Cell Media
Producer : Joseph M. Tringali
Creative Director : Jeremiah Slaczka
Game Director : Jeremiah Slaczka
Outstanding Achievement in Animation
Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves
Publisher : Sony Computer Entertainment
Developer : Naughty Dog
Lead Animators : Josh Scherr , Jeremy Lai-Yates , Mike Yosh
Outstanding Achievement in Visual Engineering
Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves
Publisher : Sony Computer Entertainment
Developer : Naughty Dog
Technology Director : Pal - Kristian Engstad
Outstanding Achievement in Art Direction :
Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves
Publisher : Sony Computer Entertainment
Developer : Naughty Dog
Art Directors : Erick Pangilinan , Robh Ruppel
Outstanding Achievement in Story - Adapted
Batman : Arkham Asylum
Publisher : Eidos / Warner Bros Interactive Entertainment
Developer : Rocksteady Studios
Writers : Paul Dini , Paul Crocker
Outstanding Character Performance
Batman : Arkham Asylum – Joker
Publisher : Eidos / Warner Bros Interactive Entertainment
Developer : Rocksteady Studios
Writers : Paul Dini , Paul Crocker
Voice Actor : Mark Hamill
Outstanding Achievement in Online Game Play
Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2
Publisher : Activision
Developer : Infinity Ward
Lead Online Designer : Todd Alderman
Outstanding Achievement in Story – Original
Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves
Publisher : Sony Computer Entertainment
Developer : Naughty Dog
Writers : Amy Hennig , Neil Druckmann , Josh Scherr
Outstanding Achievement in Original Music Composition
Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves
Publisher : Sony Computer Entertainment
Developer : Naughty Dog
Composer : Greg Edmonson
Outstanding Achievement in Soundtrack
Brutal Legend
Publisher : Electronic Arts
Developer : Double Fine Productions
Music Supervisor : Emily Ridgway
Outstanding Achievement in Game Play Engineering
Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves
Publisher : Sony Computer Entertainment
Developer : Naughty Dog
Lead Game Play Programmer : Travis McIntosh
Outstanding Achievement in Sound Design
Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves
Publisher : Sony Computer Entertainment
Developer : Naughty Dog
Sound Designer / Audio Lead : Bruce Swanson
Outstanding Achievement in Portable Game Design
Scribblenauts
Publisher : Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Developer : 5th Cell Media
Lead Level Designer : Matt Cox
Portable Game of the Year
Scribblenauts
The 33 children on the bus have been temporarily placed in an orphanage on the outskirts of Port - au - Prince that is run by SOS Children ’s Villages , an organization based in Austria .
On its Web site Sunday , SOS said at least one of the children , an 8 - year - old girl , told workers , “ I am not an orphan ” and that she believed that her mother had arranged a short vacation for her .
In an earlier posting , SOS said that the children were destined for adoption and that a group associated with the 10 Baptists , New Life Children ’s Refuge , advertised adoptions for Americans .
But Laura Silsby , 40 , who was among those detained , said that New Life Children ’s Refuge had paid no money for the children and learned about them from a Haitian pastor , Jean Sanbil of the Sharing Jesus Ministries .
Ms. Silsby also said that her group , which also included members from Texas and Kansas , planned to take the children to a 45 - room hotel in Cabarete , Dominican Republic , which it had converted into a temporary orphanage until it builds a permanent one .
The church group also includes worshipers at Eastside Baptist Church in Twin Falls , Idaho .
A Web site belonging to the East Side Baptist Church contains an informational attachment for New Life , describing it as “ a nonprofit Christian ministry dedicated to rescuing , loving and caring for orphaned , abandoned and impoverished Haitian and Dominican children , demonstrating God ’s love and helping each child find healing , hope , joy and new life in Christ . ”
Since the Jan. 12 earthquake , Haiti ’s government has halted all adoptions unless they were in motion before the disaster .
Officials fear that parentless or lost children are more vulnerable than ever to being kidnapped and sold .
Prime Minister Max Bellerive ’s personal authorization is now required for the departure of any child .
“ The instinct to swoop in and rescue children may be a natural impulse , but it cannot be the solution for the tens of thousands of children left vulnerable by the Haiti earthquake , ” Deb Barry , a protection expert at Save the Children , told The Associated Press on Sunday .
Her group wants a moratorium on new adoptions .
“ The possibility of a child being scooped up and mistakenly labeled an orphan in the chaotic aftermath of the disaster is incredibly high . ”
Still , some parents in Haiti have openly said that they would consider parting with their children if it meant a better life elsewhere .
Haiti is the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere , and while the country is in need of help , many citizens have mixed feelings toward Christian groups and their missions in Haiti .
“ Some parents I know have already given their children to foreigners , ” Adonis Helman , 44 , told The A.P. “ I ’ve been thinking how I will choose which one I may give  probably my youngest . ”
I think for a 3x1 ( 3 - wide ) config three 16:10 monitors would be best , or even 3x4:3 because you still want to get some extra height / resolution in there .
3 Dell 2209WAs are a very nice and inexpensive set up .
Bezels are n't too wide , and viewing angles are great for an under $ 300 screen .
Also dot pitch is close to a 24 " 1920x1200 screen so it 's not too small , even though they are all 22 " monitors with 1680x1050 resolution .
The only caveat being that they do n't have DisplayPort , only DVI and VGA .
These are also sRGB panels with low input lag , making them great for gamers , as well as the ability to rotate them to portrait ( 10:16 ) if required from the get - go with the stock stands .
Otherwise 3x2007
FPs would be good for a 4:3 3x1 setup .
I would never recommend a 4:3 monitor for a 3x2 config .
Too much height .
Otherwise I think a 3x2 setup will be well served by either 6 x Dell U2410 or 6 x HP LP2475W , though that 's close to $ 3.5 to 4 k of monitors , but at least they both have Displayport and good viewing angles due to H - IPS panels .
The 2408WFP would be an alternative but input lag and ( maybe ) impending end - of - lifing by Dell would be factor against it .
For a cheaper set up , 3x2 NEC EA231WMi screens would also be good , as you can counteract their slightly lower 1080 vertical resolution with the added " top row " of screens for a nice viewing experience .
IMHO though 3x1 would probably be best , or possibly 3x1 with an extra screen on top of the middle screen in 3x1 possibly .
For exactly ZERO of these configs would I ever look at a glossy panel due to viewing angle induced reflections .
Matte only IMHO .
If you are a follower of this blog , you know what a fan I am of singer / songwriter Carrie Newcomer :
I have featured a number of her songs in my “ metta music ” posts :
Metta music - This Too Will Pass
Metta music - When One Door Closes
Metta Music - Love Calls and Waits for an Answer - Be True !
As these posts say , her songs have a spirituality that only a genuine humanity can reveal .
Her songs are never preachy , and yet they always seem to point to some deeper truth .
Today , at her website , Carrie shares a wonderful and powerful meditation based on the “ namaste ” greeting .
As she says :
“ This mediation grew out of contemplating the phrase ‘ namaste ’ .
The interpretations are varied but one common translation would be ‘ That which is of God in me greets that which is of God in you ’ .
I love the idea that when we meet , that our first action is not to say , where are you from , or why are yo in my way , or what do you do for a living .
The first phrase is simply I see the sacred in you .
I recognize it because there is that of the sacred in me as well . ”
While the language of the meditation reflects Carrie ’s Christian background as a Quaker , or Friend , I think any open - hearted person would find the meditation she offers helpful .
In the instructions , the focus of the meditation is expansion of the Great Light within us , which is described in terms of the Light of God .
Yes , this is a Buddhist - oriented site , but look , the Great Light is simply the Great Light .
Give it whatever name you want ; my experiences tells me it is a reality that can be seen and felt in meditation , in metta practice , and in prayer .
In fact , I recently posted a marvelous metta meditation by Theravadan nun Ayya Khema that is very similar in feel and spirit :
Breathing in Peace - Breathing Out Love
I also think many Tibetan Buddhists would feel right at home with this kind of visualization meditation , though perhaps the focus might be on the Light or Love of the Bodhisattvas .
In any event , this is one damn fine meditation !
I immediately put it too work — and it works !
So , I urge you to stop by Carrie ’s website and take a look for yourself .
There are just 11 simple steps , but it ’s a very powerful practice .
See :
Messages from Carrie – A Meditation – Idea One ( Namaste Meditation )
♥♥♥
37.871593 -122.272747
I am not a designer now I will never be a designer .
I do n't have the talent or the patience for it .
Unfortunately my very close proximity to a designer for the past 10 + years has led me to tend to place a higher value on how things look than I did previously ( or would probably prefer ) .
This becomes an issue early in the development process when a web project is in it 's beginning stage and tends to look like the illegitimate offspring of some jurassic - era reptiles .
Sometimes we 'll work from some nicely designed mockups , but for larger development projects , designing screens first and functionality later ends up being too constraining for the inevitable iterative spec changes that come down the line ( see : Specs : The Consultant 's MacGuffin ) .
I would rather have some flexibility in developing the specific interface elements rather than be limited to an initial design mockup .
Likewise , designers usually prefer or should prefer to have a good idea of all the elements that will needed to be in a site before really spending the time to generate a find - tuned design , so developing first and ( graphically ) designing later is a win-win .
... spending 8 hours a day working with something that looks like absolute garbage is incredibly demotivating .
Except that spending 8 hours a day working with something that looks like absolute garbage is incredibly demotivating .
The default styles of most web browsers make simple markup look terrible .
The good news is that the amount of effort it takes to make a HTML web application look half - way decent is pretty easy , more or less transferable from project to project , and does n't add complexity that you 'll regret later .
Simply applying a simple header and footer along with a couple of class names to your elements along with a basic CSS file will go a long way towards making your application output prettier and easier on the eyes .
I 'm going to take three examples of non-styled output and go through a couple of easy steps to make them look a lot nicer : a piece of content , a form and a table .
If you 're already pretty comfortable with CSS there 's not a lot new here , other than the idea of getting some styles in earlier in the process than might be usual ( click each image for the html version )
We 're going for 4 basic rules to do this :
1 . No defaults - just like most people still surf with IE because it 's pre-installed there 's a lot of websites that do n't override the default styles .
These are usually the websites that look like a 4 - year - old 's refrigerator drawing so when I see nothing but Times New Roman it looks like they did n't even try - unless they are doing it on purpose .
2. Differentiation - different elements should look different , so give elements like table cells one look and table headers a very different look - do n't just make it bold or one point bigger - give it a background and make it way bigger .
When two elements look too similar it ends up looking like either a mistake or just bad design .
3. Grouping - related elements should be grouped together as it makes it easier to tell what 's connected on a page .
That means adding extra padding between your paragraphs and columns .
Pull up a well designed site in your browser and notice how easy it is for your eyes to scan around the different components of the page .
Now look at your page - same thing ?
4. Whitespace - in general the more the better .
Properly spacing elements is the easiest way to improve the look of a site and make it look more professional - remember - when in doubt , pad it out .
This is very connected to grouping but worth mentioning separately .
White space invites the eye into to read the content .
We 're also going to apply 1 meta rule to consider the entire time : apply the rules above but stay consistent throughout the whole site - nothing looks worse than a mishmash of 60 different colors , fonts , sizes and spacing .
So - apply the rules above , but do it in a consistent way - using just a couple different fonts , font sizes , colors , and background colors will make everything a lot easier on the eyes .
My designer gives me 1 baseline guideline : pick two fonts and three sizes and unless you know what you 're doing stick to that or the site may start to look messy .
Getting a blank slate
First things first - give yourself a decent doctype to make sure you are turning on " strict " mode so that you have some sort consistency across browsers :
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional //EN " " http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd " >
Next pull in some sane defaults into your CSS file :
/* Reset all white - space to 0 for consistency across browsers */
* { margin:0 px ; padding : 0 px ; }
/* Default to some sans - serif font at a specific size */
body { font - family : Verdana , Arial , sans - serif ; font - size : 12 px ; }
/* Get some padding between paragraphs and some line spacing */
p { padding - bottom : 5 px ; line - height : 1.4em ; }
/* Put some padding back onto our list elements */
ul , ol { margin - left : 10 px ; }
li { margin - left:10 px ; padding - left :10 px ; }
/* Bye bye ugly blue border */
a img { border : 0 px ; }
/* No dots around clicked links */
a , a:active { outline : none ; }
/* Class to any floated elements */
. clear { clear : both ; }
Giving the page some structure
Now you can do some more involved resets , but I 've found these 8 lines of CSS are a good start .
Next lets wrap the each of our pages in some sort of template - unstick stuff from the top left of your browser .
If you have an idea what target width your website is going to be ( many websites these days are fixed width as it's easier to control how stuff looks , but there are plenty of exceptions ) you might as well put something in there so that you can get an idea of how much content will fit on the screen at once pretty early in the process .
If you are going to have a sidebar ( or think you might ) put one is as well so that you 're working with a realistic sized canvas for your dynamic data .
Some sort of dummy navigation that you can swap out as new things are added in will help as well .
Depending on how you 're developing you might have a layout template or a separate header and footer templates :
< div id='container '>
< div id='header ' >
< div id='logo '>< a href= '/'>< img src='images/logo.png'/></a></div>
< div id='tagline '> Lorem Ipsum , dolor sic Amet!</div>
</div > <!-- end #header -->
< div id=' main_menu '>
< ul class=menu ' >
< li > < a href= '#'>
Item 1</a></li>
< li > < a href= '#'>
Item 2</a></li>
< li > < a href= '#'>
Item 3</a></li>
< li > < a href= '#'>
Item 4</a></li>
</ul >
</div > <!-- end # main_menu -->
< div id='content_container '>
< div id='sidebar '>
< div class='sidebar_heading '>
Some Heading !</div >
< div class=' sidebar_body '> Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipiscing elit .</div >
< div class='sidebar_heading '>
Second Heading !</div >
< div class=' sidebar_body '> Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipiscing elit .</div >
</div > <!-- end #sidebar -->
< div id='content '>
<!-- Content Goes Here ! -->
</div >
< div class=' clear '></div >
</div > <!-- end #content_container -->
< div id='footer '>
< div id=' copyright '>© 2009 Acme Co</div >
</div > <!-- end#footer -->
</div > <!-- end #container -->
Now lets drop in a few lines of CSS to center and pad our page out and give it a little structure :
/* Set the width to 900 pixels , centered on the page with a little padding on top */
# container { width :900 px ; margin:0 auto ; padding - top:10 px ; }
/* 90 pixels to work with at the top - positioned relative so that we can absolutely position our header elements easily */
#header { height :60 px ; position : relative ; }
#logo { position : absolute ; left :0 px ; top:0 px ; }
#tagline { position : absolute ; right :0 px ; top:5 px ; color : #666666 ; font - size : 14 px ; font - weight : bold ; }
/* Quick right - aligned tab - looking text menu */
/* Make sure to be explicit with the padding and margin on our ul and li elements so we can change the defaults later on as necessary */
# main_menu { height : 26 px ; border - bottom : 3 px solid # 000000 ; margin - bottom :30 px ; }
# main_menu ul { display : block ; float : right ; list - style - type : none ; padding : 0 px ; margin:0 px ; }
# main_menu li { display : block ; float : left ; margin:0 5 px ; padding : 0 px ; }
#main_menu a {
display : block ;
float : left ; /* Needed for IE */
padding : 5 px 20 px ;
color : white ;
background - color : # 000000 ;
text - decoration : none ;
}
#main_menu a:hover { color : # 000000 ; background - color : #666666 ; }
#content_container {
padding : 10 px 0px ;
border - bottom : 1 px solid # CCCCCC ;
/* Do the IE hack to get a minimum content container height */
height : auto ! important ;
height :500 px ;
min-height :500 px ;
}
/* Floating left and then right means that we can play with the widths of the sidebar and content separately and not worry about explicitly setting the space between */
# sidebar { float : left ; width : 200 px ; }
.sidebar_heading { font - weight : bold ; padding - bottom : 2 px ; border - bottom : 1 px solid # CCCCCC ; margin- bottom : 5 px;}
.sidebar_content { padding - bottom : 10 px ; }
# content { float : right ; width :650 px ; }
# footer { height : 20 px ; position : relative ; }
# copyright { position : absolute ; top:5 px ; right :0 px ; font - size : 10 px ; color :#999999 ; }
Here 's our three pages with the defaults CSS file and a little bit of structure added to them - already slightly better - they are starting to feel like a website and not something months away from being usable ( click to go to the actual html files )
Ok , now let 's go through each page one at a time and try to make them look a little nicer , starting with the piece of content .
Reworking content page
Let 's attack the CSS for the content :
First , make the header stand out with a color , some padding and a larger size .
Second , fix the information line closer to the header , make it smaller and lighten it up a little .
Third give our image some padding so the content is n't stuck to it .
/* Content Styles */
h1 { color : # 333333 ; padding - bottom : 15 px ; font - size : 26 px ; }
. content .info { position : relative ; top:- 17 px ; font - size : 11 px ; color:#999999 ; font - style:italic ; }
. content img { float : left ; padding : 0 px 14px 10 px 0 px ; }
p { color : #444444 ; }
That was easy , no ?
Content already looks significantly better and will be nicer to work with as it continues to get developed :
Reworking the form
< form action= ' ...' method= ' post '>
< div class='horizontal_form '>
< div class= ' header '> Basic Information </div >
< div class= ' item ' >
< div class=' label '>< label for=' first_name '>
First Name :</ label></div >
< div class= ' data ' >
< input name= ' frm [ first_name ] ' type= ' text ' id=' first_name ' class=' text_field ' size = '30 / >
</div >
< div class= ' description '>
Enter your first name </ div >
</div >
... More Items and headers ...
</div >
</ form >
Next onto our form .
With forms , grouping is the most important rule to follow , so that 's it easy to tell what 's related to what .
Now there are different styles of markup your can use to create your forms - for simplicity 's sake lets assume you 're using a div's and not a table , but either way works .
You might have a form markup that looks something like :
Note -
Some people have taken some serious issues with the use of divs , especially in the form elements ( I even have a disease ) , so take a look at Prettier Accessible Forms for an alternative .
I 'm not a huge fan of that layout style , and I generally avoid fieldsets and legends like the plague because of the difficulty in styling them .
I do n't mind some extra divs around as it makes flexibly modifying forms via css simpler and cleaner and is easier to generate via code ( I come from a cms background where we do n't know what content is going where so a bunch of carefully crafted " # footer p img { position : absolute .. } " styles are worthless to me ) , but take a look the A List Apart post as a start and find what works for your project .
If you 're targeting ie6 you 'll need to add that extra classname to your input elements somewhere to tell you what input type your dealing with , otherwise you can use input [ type=text ]
Let 's take quick stab at some css for a horiztontal ( labels next to elements ) form .
Here 's what we 're going to do :
right align the labels and put the description stuck below the field ( grouping ) padding out the elements a little ( whitespace ) separate out the headers ( differentiation , grouping and whitespace ) give the whole form some padding all around ( whitespace ) get rid of the default border and add in a psudeo - class when the field is focused .
( no defaults ) Align and Pad out the button a little bit - make it easier to click and a little less default - looking .
a few lines of CSS should do the trick :
/* Form Styles */
.horizontal_form .item { margin:10 px 4 px ; }
.horizontal_form .item .label {
width : 150 px ;
text - align : right ;
float : left ;
padding - right :10 px ;
vertical - align : baseline ;
padding - top:3 px ;
color : #666666 ;
}
.horizontal_form .item .description {
clear : both ;
padding - left : 160 px ;
font - size : 11 px ;
color : #aaaaaa ;
font - style:italic ;
}
.horizontal_form .item .text_field {
border : 1 px solid # 999999 ;
padding : 2px 2 px ;
color : #666666 ;
}
.horizontal_form .item .text_field:focus {
background - color : #eeeeee ;
}
.horizontal_form .header {
margin : 15 px 0px 10 px 0 px ;
padding - left:0px ;
font - size : 16 px ;
border - bottom : 1 px solid # CCCCCC ;
font - weight : bold ;
color : # 666666 ;
}
.horizontal_form .button { margin - left:200 px ; padding - top:10 px ; }
.horizontal_form .button input { padding : 4px 10 px ; }
And we 're done :
Reworking the table
Already much better , and what 's nice is because this was all done with CSS a couple of rule changes and the form can look completely different .
Finally let 's take care of the table , here 's what we 're going to do :
1 . Get rid of cellspacing and cellpadding
2 . Highlight the headers and pad them out a little bit
3 . Give the table cells a consistent padding on the left and right as well as top and bottom .
4 . Add in some sort of separation - either a thin border between rows or a striping effect ( or both ) looks nice .
/* Table Styles */
table .account_table { border - collapse : collapse ; }
table.account_table th {
padding : 10 px 10 px ;
color : white ;
font - size : 14px ;
background - color : # 7 caaff ;
font - weight : bold ;
}
table .account_table td {
padding : 6 px 10 px ;
border - bottom : 1 px solid # 999999 ;
}
table .account_table tr.odd td {
background - color : #eeeeee ;
}
table .account_table td.currency { text - align : right ; }
And we 're done :
Now , you 're not going to replace your designer in your organization ( nor should you want to , programmers are much better paid ) - but at least your work - in - progress will look a lot nicer .
The point of this tutorial , and of creating a very basic , black and white site was to show you how little design knowledge and creativity is necessary to make something look halfway decent .
Your not going to win any awards , but I bet you get a better reaction from the client with a couple minutes of simple CSS styling than you do from the entire week you spent getting getting that complex javascript validation to work correctly .
There 's one thing that you need to be careful about making things look too finished too early - your client was often assume that the better something looks the closer it is to being done .
So , for parts of the project that are n't anywhere near being done , make sure there is a stark contrast with the parts that are approaching completion - put a big X through them or give them a grayed out background .
( See : Joel on Software 's post The Iceberg Secret which talks the issues with having something look " done " when it 's not ) .
Side note :
Some people have mentioned the use of CSS frameworks , such as 960 Grid System .
I 'm do n't like those from a developer 's perspective as they leak a lot of information about your layout and design into the HTML of your site , where I do n't think it belongs ( this is especially true if a designer is going to come in and rework the design : you do n't want to rewrite all your HTML to support a new design ) .
They are also " heavy " in that you need a lot of css to set up the grid and what you can change by only modifying the CSS is more limited .
I like the css Zen Garden philosophy a lot better - separate your content as completely as possible from the design and layout - but to each his own ( aka " Flame On ! " )
I 've been using Pass :
The standard unix password manager to store and manage all of my passwords for quite a while now .
It is essentially a shell script wrapper around many other standard * nix tools , but it makes the task of password management a lot easier to do .
It basically stores all of your passwords ( and additional info , if you so choose ) as flat text files encrypted with GPG .
It has tasks for viewing , editing , and generating new passwords very easily .
One of it 's best features is that it can treat your password store as a git repository , so that historical passwords are saved , and it 's easier to sync your whole password database between multiple machines .
I 've finally recently convinced my co-workers that we should use the pass system to share all of our work passwords .
This would allow us to stop using the same password for everything , while simultaneously allowing us to easily keep each other comprised of the current password for each device .
I quickly found myself in a dilemma though , because I wanted to keep my personal pass repository , as well as my work one , on the same machine .
Pass defaults to using ~/. password - store for it 's storage directory .
When executing any of the pass commands , it uses that directory to look for your encrypted files , and do tab completion .
I really wanted to keep both repositories available , so what could I do ?
Digging through man page , I discovered that I can set an environment variable to control the context of the password store directory .
Helpful , yes , but kind of a pain to have to switch the environment variable back and forth in order to get the info from the correct repository .
So I decided to set up some custom functions to allow me to query either password repository on a whim .
tpass ( ) { PASSWORD_STORE_DIR
= /home / thegner / git_repos / passdb pass [ email protected ] " } # for working autocomplete : compdef \_ tpass tpass \_ tpass ( ) { PASSWORD_STORE_DIR = /home / thegner / git_repos / passdb \_ pass }
— Police said they found military ordnance , illegal mushrooms and other drugs in the home of a man who was arrested Tuesday .
John Francis Wallace , 46 , was arrested after Warr Acres police served an arrest warrant with the assistance of an Oklahoma County Sheriff 's Department bomb squad , said Sgt. John Gray , Warr Acres police spokesman .
Officers went to Wallace 's house at 5710 N Central about 6:10 a.m. Tuesday and found methamphetamine , the drug ecstasy , marijuana and psilocybin mushrooms , Gray said .
Wallace was arrested on drug - related complaints .
Unser Weg der Lösungsfindung
Wir entwickeln gemeinsam mit Ihnen Lösungen , die auf die Anforderungen Ihrer Branche zugeschnitten sind .
Closed .
This question is
This question is off - topic .
It is not currently accepting answers .
Want to improve this question ?
Update the question so it's on - topic for Meta Stack Exchange .
Closed 4 months ago .
Improve this question
Based on this comment , I have started building a unicorn avatar maker .
It 's still quite ugly , and the results are n't different enough yet , but this is what it looks like so far :
Question list / Joel 's profile ( removed the images from here to make this thing a little shorter ) .
Is this just way too stupid , or should I go on ?
If so , any suggestions ?
I 'm thinking of things like backgrounds etc .
Updates
Update 2010/01/30 : Version 0.2 .
Now prettier and with legs , rainbows , and stuff .
Examples :
Æther : Jeff Atwood : Troggy :
Update 2010/01/31 : Still version 0.2 , the images are ( almost ) unchanged .
But now its on the App Engine for everyone , so go ahead pounding my quota :
https://unicornify.appspot.com/avatar/HASH?s=32
Replace HASH by the md5 hash that gets given to gravatar ( or any hexadecimal number , really ) .
Do n't just copy & paste the above into your browser .
I thought this was clear , but looking at the access logs , it looks like I have to explain it .
The ?s=32 parameter can be omitted .
The only legal values are 32 and 128 ; defaults to 32 .
Other parameters are ignored .
If you take this greasemonkey script and change the substitution line to
$ ( this ) . attr ( " src " , $ ( this ) .attr ( " src " ) .replace(/www\.gravatar\.com / , " unicornify.appspot.com " ) ) ;
you 'll see meta the way it has been looking to me for the past days : Full of unicorns .
If you just want to replace the identicons , i.e. those users that do n't have their own gravatar set up , use this instead :
$ ( this ) . attr ( " src " , $ ( this ) .attr ( " src " ) .replace(/(www\.gravatar\.com\/avatar\/) ( [ a- z0 - 9 ] *)\?s=(\d+) &d=identicon(.*) $ / , " $ 1$2?s=$3&d=http%3A%2F%2Funicornify.appspot.com %2 Favatar%2F$2%3fs%3d$ 3 $ 4 " ) ) ;
Finally , if you just want to see it once , without any greasy monkeys : Paste this
javascript :( function ( ) {$ ( " img " ) . attr ( " src " , function ( ) {return this.src.replace(/www\.gravatar\.com / , " unicornify.appspot.com " ) } ) } ) ( )
into your location bar .
Update 2010/02/14 : Version 0.4
I will be deploying a new version later today .
Some of you have showcased your own unicorn avatar below using a direct link to unicornify.appspot.com/avatar /... .
These images will then show the updated version .
If you want to preserve the historical record by keeping the old version , you 'll have to host the image somewhere else , or at least change the image URL .
The old ones will be available by passing an additional parameter v with the value 3 , i.e .
https://unicornify.appspot.com/avatar/HASH?s=32&v=3
No new old - version images will be created , but the previously created ones will still be available for a while .
Since the unicorns have their own website by now , this is probably the last update I 'll be posting on this question .
Update 2010/04/01
Jeff finally rolled out the Unicorn avatars for us all to enjoy .
The failure of national governments in Copenhagen does n’t mean there is no future with them .
Much was accomplished – even the refusal to be bullied into a false ‘ solution ’ accord by the global south .
Tiny countries stood up to China .
A global movement found its ties
For Isaac Francisco Solnit , born December 17 , 2009
It ’s clear now that , from her immoveable titanium bangs to her chaotic approximation of human speech , Sarah Palin is a Terminator cyborg sent from the future to destroy something – but what ?
It could be the Republican Party she ’ll ravage by herding the fundamentalists and extremists into a place where sane fiscal conservatives and swing voters ca n’t follow .
Or maybe she was sent to destroy civilisation at this crucial moment by preaching the gospel of climate - change denial , abetted by tools like the Washington Post , which ran a factually outrageous editorial by her on the subject on 9 December 2009 .
No one ( even her , undoubtedly ) knows , but we do know that this month we all hover on the brink .
I ’ve had the great Hollywood epic Terminator 2 : Judgment Day on my mind ever since I watched it in a hotel room in New Orleans a few weeks ago with the Superdome visible out the window .
In 1991 , at the time of its release , T2 was supposedly about a terrible future ; now , it seems situated in an oddly comfortable past .
What apocalypses are you nostalgic for ?
The premise of the movie was that the machines we needed to worry about had not yet been invented , much less put to use : intelligent machines that would rebel against their human masters in 1997 , setting off an all - out nuclear war that would get rid of the first three billion of us and lead to a campaign of extermination against the remnant of the human race , scrabbling in the rubble of what had once been civilisation .
By the time the film was released , the news of climate change was already filtering out .
Reports like Bill McKibben ’s 1989 book
The End of Nature had told us that the machines that could destroy us and our world had , in fact , been invented – a long , long time ago .
Almost all of us had been using them almost all the time , from the era of the steam engine and the rise of the British coal economy through the age of railroads and the dawn of petroleum extraction to the birth of the internal - combustion engine and the spread of industrial civilisation across the planet .
They were n’t “ intelligent ” and they were n’t in revolt , nor were they led by any one super - machine .
It was the cumulative effect of all those devices pumping back into the atmosphere the carbon that plants had so kindly buried in the Earth over the last few hundred million years .
The Superdome is , of course , where thousands of New Orleanians were stranded when Katrina , the hurricane that hit the Gulf Coast on August 29 , 2005 , broke the city ’s levees and flooded the place .
A maelstrom of institutional failures left people trapped in the scalding cauldron of a drowned city for five days while the world looked on aghast .
It was a disaster that had been long foretold , and no one had done much to forestall it .
No one had repaired those crummy levees or bothered to create a real evacuation plan for the city – and , unlike the revolt of the machines in T2 , the future actually arrived .
Like climate change .
For many , it was a foretaste of our new era .
It may not be clear what role , if any , climate change played in the generation of that particular hurricane , but it is clear that , in this era , there will be , and indeed already have been , many more such calamities : the deadly freak rainstorms in Sicily , Britain , and the Philippines in Autumn 2009 , the increase in the number and intensity of hurricanes in the North Atlantic in recent years , as well as in the intensity of droughts , floods , heat waves , crop failures , and the displacement of populations , as well as the massive melting of glaciers and sea ice in the cold places , rising waters in the coastal ones , and oceans going acidic with devastating effects on marine life .
This is the actual nightmarish “ movie ” of our times .
This is what our less - than - intelligent machines have actually wrought .
The World Health Organisation estimates that climate change is already responsible for 150,000 deaths annually .
Unchecked it will kill far more , and no one ’s measuring the despair in the island nations that may disappear and among those who live in , and off of , the melting arctic .
Looking at the Superdome during the commercial breaks in T2 , I wondered about the apocalypses already under our belts and the bumpy road ahead .
The plot of the movie , as most of you undoubtedly recall , is that the Terminator , also played by Arnold Schwarzenegger in the low - budget 1984 original , shows up again , sent back from the future 10 years after in the first epic .
This time around , he ’s not action - heroine Sarah Connor ’s nemesis ; he ’s on the side of humanity , specifically of her son John Connor , the boy with the unambiguous initials who will grow up to lead the resistance to our extermination by machines .
Another more advanced Terminator is , in the meantime , also sent back from the future to destroy the messianic boy and his foulmouthed commando mom .
The rest of the movie is a feast of shootouts , chases , explosions , and brilliantly plotted action .
It was all surpassingly strange and compelling when I watched it , while wiped out with what was probably swine flu , a fever dream of the past ’s nightmares that somehow did n’t manage to anticipate our waking hells .
Now , of course , the movie ’s cyborg star is a major force in the real world .
He ’s my governor , more powerful but less charismatic than in his Terminator incarnation .
Recently , he travelled to Treasure Island in San Francisco Bay to release the state ’s 2009 Climate Adaptation Strategy ( 1 ) , a 200 - page document about the array of devastations the state faces and what countermeasures we can take .
Early on , that document states :
“ Climate change is already affecting California .
Sea levels have risen by as much as seven inches along the California coast over the last century , increasing erosion and pressure on the state ’s infrastructure , water supplies , and natural resources .
The state has also seen increased average temperatures , more extreme hot days , fewer cold nights , a lengthening of the growing season , shifts in the water cycle with less winter precipitation falling as snow , and both snowmelt and rainwater running off sooner in the year . ”
Looking to the future , the report predicted that there would be more fires , less water , loss of coastal lands , and up to $ 2.5 trillion of real estate put at risk by global warming .
The Terminator , or governor , was on the island because , with even modest further rises in sea level , it will disappear entirely .
Hasta la vista , baby .
Schwarzenegger ’s ambition
During the years the Bush administration refused to do anything at all about climate change , Schwarzenegger arrived at the helm of a state that had already developed major innovations in energy efficiency and in creative price - structuring that took away power - company motives to push higher energy consumption .
California had also sought to set new standards for carbon - dioxide emissions from vehicles .
The bill to do the last of these was crafted in 2002 by Fran Pavley , a newly elected state assemblywoman from Ventura County .
When Obama came into office , the roadblocks were finally removed and the bill became the basis for national regulations that will make vehicles 40 % more fuel - efficient by 2016 .
Pavley and Schwarzenegger were there at the Rose Garden signing of the regulations last May .
As Ronald Brownstein reported in the Atlantic magazine last October : “ Ambitious new initiatives have cascaded out of Schwarzenegger ’s office – including the two measures raising the renewable - power requirement on utilities , a state subsidy programme to encourage the installation of electricity - generating solar panels on one million California roofs , and in January 2007 , an executive order establishing the nation ’s first ‘ low - carbon fuel standard ’ , which requires a reduction of at least 10 % in the carbon emissions from transportation fuels by 2020 .
Schwarzenegger signed a Pavley - sponsored bill imposing the nation ’s first mandatory statewide reductions in greenhouse - gas emissions .
The bill required the state by 2020 , to roll back its emissions to the 1990 level – a reduction of about 15 % from the current level .
( By separate executive order , Schwarzenegger also committed the state to an 80 % reduction by 2050 . ) ”
It ’d be easy to go with the Atlantic and frame the governor as a hero , but he landed in office by promising to cut vehicle taxes and has been in bed ever since with the state ’s biggest greenhouse gas emitter and the world ’s fifth biggest corporation , Chevron .
Even the organisation that sent him to Copenhagen , Climate Action Reserve , is backed by Chevron and Shell – and the oil and coal industries have been the biggest domestic roadblocks to real climate - change measures .
Nonetheless , at the Copenhagen climate conference he talked about R20 , the alliance of states and provinces he ’s co-founded to implement climate change measures at sub-national levels .
And he has suggested that climate - change deniers like Palin are “ still living in the Stone Age ” .
Think of Schwarzenegger as the hinge between the fantasy of Terminator 2 and the reality of our predicament .
Think of Obama .
Well , in T2 , there ’s Miles Dyson , a slender , well - spoken African - American family man who will engineer the computer technology that will create the intelligent machines that will annihilate practically everything .
Sarah – Connor , not Palin – sets out to kill him , but her son shows up with his Terminator - Schwarzenegger sidekick , and they instead convince the not - so - mad scientist he ’s about to do something terribly , terribly wrong .
He then leads them to his workplace to destroy everything he ’s ever done .
When their violent erasure programme sets off alarms that bring in squadrons of cops , Dyson ends up gravely wounded and holding the trigger to set off the explosion that will wipe out the technologies endangering future humanity – and himself .
Seeing this movie with its acts of self - sacrifice now offers an occasion to ask : when ’s the last time you ’ve even seen a major politician who ’ll put his finger to that trigger with humanity in mind , no less simply do anything that ’s bad for re-election ?
What if Obama would say what he has to know , what they all have to know , that saving the planet from our slo -mo , unevenly distributed version of Judgment Day requires destroying the status quo and maybe changing everything ?
What if he ’d just learn from Schwarzenegger that you can do quite a lot and still survive politically ?
As a disgusted Bill McKibben recently put it in Mother Jones ( 2 ) , “ Obama will propose 4 % reductions in [ US greenhouse gas ] emissions by 2020 , compared with 20 % for the Europeans ( a number the EU said they ’d raise to 30 % if the US would go along ) .
Scientists , meanwhile , have made it clear that a serious offer would mean about 40 % cuts by 2020 .
So – we ’re exactly an order of magnitude shy of what the physics demands . ”
Bill , a normally mild - mannered guy who was overjoyed at Obama ’s election , called the president ’s position “ a lie inside a fib coated with spin ” .
Thanks to a sudden decision earlier this month by the Environmental Protection Agency allowing the executive branch to address the issue of climate - change gases under the Clean Air Act , Obama has apparently been given superpowers to act without being completely hamstrung by a reluctant Congress .
Or as the Center for Biological Diversity put it ( 3 ) , “ President Obama can lead , rather than follow , by using his power under the Clean Air Act and other laws to achieve deep and rapid greenhouse emissions reductions from major polluters . ”
Will he ?
Probably not .
After all , he ’s the man who stood up in Prague last April and said : “ I state clearly and with conviction America ’s commitment to seek the peace and security of a world without nuclear weapons . ”
For a moment , it almost sounded as if he was going to be the action hero of our antinuclear dreams , wiping out one apocalypse that has hung over us for sixty years .
And then he added that he did n’t actually expect to see the abolition of such weaponry in his lifetime , though he did n’t say why .
Now , we ’re in an action movie in which the fate of the Earth is truly at stake , and the most powerful man on the planet has allowed himself to be hedged in by timidities , compromises , refusals , denials , and the murderous pressure of corporations .
Those too - big - to - die corporations are the reason why the Senate is unlikely to ratify any climate - change treaty that threatens to do much of anything .
Really , corporations – half - fictitious , semi-immortal behemoths endowed with human rights in the US and possessed of corrosive global power – already are the ruthless cyborgs of our time .
They are , after all , actively seeking a world in which they imagine that , somehow , they will survive , even if many of us and much that we love does not .
Sorry poor people , young people , Africa , sorry Arctic summer ice , you ’re not too big to fail .
Three degrees of heat
I wish life on this planet really were like an action movie .
I wish that a handful of heroic individuals could do battle with the mightiest of forces and decisively alter the fate of the world – and then we could all go home to a planet that ’s safe .
As we know , however , it ’s going to be a lot more intricate and complicated than that .
There are millions , maybe billions , of players in this one , and its running time is a lot longer than the two weeks of Copenhagen or the two hours of a movie .
For our heroines , we get not the commando - siren Sarah Connor , but the sturdy , ex-middle - school American government teacher and now California state senator Fran Pavley , 61 .
Really , though , if there ’s going to be a superhero in our world , a friendly Terminator to go up against the villains in suits and ties , it will be civil society .
Even for the betterment of humankind , civil society wo n’t get to shoot anyone or drive a truck through a wall .
Instead , it ’ll organise , educate , build , and pressure , while working to create models and alternatives .
It ’ll reelect Pavley and shut down Chevron .
There have already been some moments of great drama with this superhero leading the way – the civil disobedience of the Climate Ground Zero mountaintop coal campaign in Appalachia , the Climate Camps in Britain , the Kingsnorth Six climbers who blocked a coal - power - plant ’s smokestack in England last October ( and were exonerated by a British jury ) , the underwater cabinet meeting held in the Maldives this October to protest that low - lying island nation ’s possible fate .
All this was done in part to get people to take an interest in the fate of their planet , which is not so readily reducible to a blockbuster ’s plot as we might like .
The pivotal moment just came – and went .
In Copenhagen last December , the Bella Centre conference , in which a new climate treaty was supposed to be negotiated , stagnated while repression around it grew furiously .
It stagnated because the rich countries were unwilling to either reduce their own emissions significantly or pledge meaningful funding to help poor nations transition to greener economies .
Or it stagnated because the poor countries did n’t consent to be crucified for crumbs .
The United States , which just spent nearly a trillion dollars bailing out its floundering financial corporations and spends about $ 700bn annually on the military , offered an obscenely inadequate $ 1.2 bn in aid .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton pledged $ 100bn way down the road , but only if an unlikely quantity of factors and conditions were to align beforehand .
Outside the centre , the Danish police became increasingly brutal as activists from everywhere , representing the poor , developing , and most affected nations , the Arctic , small farmers , indigenous nations , and the environment demonstrated .
Inside nongovernmental groups were increasingly excluded from the discussions and then from the actual space itself .
None of this prevented the conference from stalling .
Undermining Kyoto
On the Monday of the Copenhagen Summit , negotiators from the African nations shut down the climate talks in fury at attempts to undermine the Kyoto accords – a move designed to make the global situation worse at a meeting that was supposed to make it better .
On the Wednesday , hundreds of delegates inside the Bella Centre protested , walking out to join the thousands already in the streets .
By all reports the atmosphere was increasingly tense and repressive .
Everyone whose opinion I respect deplores what happened in Copenhagen .
There ’s an agreement of sorts , but it was achieved by Obama and a few powerful nations over the objections of the rest in violation of the way the process should have unfolded .
Worse , it contains no binding agreements to limit climate change .
The so - called agreement acknowledges that we should limit warming to two degrees Celsius , but the actual commitments , if honored , would bring the world to 3.9 degrees Celsius by 2100 .
Even two degrees , African negotiator Lumumba Stanislaus Di-Aping had said , would condemn Africa to death .
Maldives President Mohamed Nasheed pointed out that three degrees would “ spell death for the Maldives and a billion people in low - lying areas ” .
Three degrees , said Joss Garman of the British branch of Greenpeace , “ would lead to the collapse of the Amazon rainforest , droughts across South America and Australia , and the depletion of ocean habitats ” .
All that was achieved was consensus that there ’s a problem and clarity about what that problem is : the refusal of the wealthy corporations and nations to do what benefits humanity and all other species .
Money won .
Life lost .
Copenhagen is over , a battle lost despite valiant efforts , but the war continues .
The crazy thing about this moment in history is that it is n’t at all like Terminator 2 , except that the Earth and our species are in terrible danger , and ruthless superhuman forces push us toward our doom .
In the movie , Sarah Connor is the only human being who knows what ’s coming , and she ’s in an Abu Ghraib - like mental hospital for saying and doing something about it .
In our reality , anyone who cares to know what the dangers are should have no problem finding out .
Most of us have known , or should have known , for quite a long time .
Because we ’ve done so little , what a decade ago was imagined as the terrible future has actually , like the Terminator , made it here ahead of time .
The learning curve for so many of us , for so many people and even nations , has been speeding up impressively .
If we had 40 years to figure it all out , we might be headed toward just the sort of victory that civil society has , in fact , achieved on so many other environmental and human rights ideas .
But there are n’t decades to spare .
It needs to happen now .
It should have happened even before the last century ended .
Even in my fever dream , with the Superdome just out the window , I could n’t help noting the key axiom repeated in Terminator 2 : “ The future is not set .
There is no fate but what we make for ourselves . ”
So here ’s the lesson : there are no superheroes but us .
And here ’s the question : what are you going to do about it ?
PETA — the animal - rights organization whose media strategy seems to be three parts B - list celebrities , one part fake blood , and five parts boobies — co-founder Ingrid Newkirk wrote an op - ed today defending the use of " sexy women in our ads . "
Advertisement
Newkirk 's organization has long drawn the ire of those who do n't see the good in women being treated like meat ; Feministing even rounded up five particularly sexist ads and held a " Which PETA campaign do you hate the most ? " poll .
( This one got my vote . )
Whether or not one agrees with PETA 's mission statement — " Animals are not ours to eat , wear , experiment on or use for entertainment " — in whole , in part , or in nought , the manner in which it publicizes these goals is offensive to humans .
There 's the breathtaking hypocrisy of its M.O. : Find an actress , preferably one upon whom fame once landed a glancing blow .
Get her naked .
Airbrush thoroughly .
Slap her on a billboard .
The actresses get to be seen publicizing a " cause " ; more importantly , they look conventionally " hot " doing so ( and perhaps the billboard , or the press release , or the media coverage of the billboard and the press release , will remind some producer somewhere of the actress 's existence ? ) .
Most conveniently of all , the ideological commitment PETA asks of its " faces " is nothing so onerous as to prevent anyone from going about West Hollywood with her Birkin and her Uggs as per usual the next weekend .
( Pamela Anderson once claimed that she kept wearing sheepskin boots , despite her long association with PETA , because she did n't realize harvesting sheepskin involved killing sheep . )
Advertisement
PETA 's hostility towards women does n't stop with the highly sexualized portrayals of its spokesmodels , either .
The organization frequently holds demonstrations where naked women are put in cages , supposedly to represent the cruelty of factory farming and / or medical research .
We get it : sow crates and battery hen cages are disgusting .
But so is stripping a woman naked and likening her to an animal .
And there 's the acute hypocrisy of its actual mission .
While it claims to fight against all animal suffering , PETA has several times been caught euthanizing animals that would otherwise have been eligible for adoption .
In 2005 , a rash of unexplained dumpings of dog and cat carcasses around Virginia and North Carolina — PETA is headquartered in Norfolk — found its apparent explanation when two PETA employees were arrested while attempting to throw out 18 animals they 'd killed after picking them up from a shelter on the promise of finding them homes .
The workers were subsequently charged with 31 counts of animal cruelty .
A vet who had handed PETA two kittens and their mother into PETA 's care told the San Francisco Chronicle , " This is ' ethical ' ?
I do n't think so ! "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Ironically , when Newkirk was radicalized , in 1972 , it was as a result of a similar experience : she had taken almost a dozen cats and kittens , abandoned by a neighbor , to an animal shelter , and was dismayed when the animals were euthanized instead of adopted .
Advertisement
Then there 's that uncomfortable racism .
Last year , to protest the Westminster Dog Show , of all things , PETA operatives dressed up as members of the Ku Kux Klan .
In 2005 , the organization stopped a touring exhibition of incendiary photographs that displayed atrocious acts of human cruelty , most of them racially motivated , in diptychs with instances of animal cruelty — such that a picture of black men being lynched was put side - by - side with a picture of a cow hanging in a slaughterhouse .
Most of the images are still viewable on the " Animal Liberation " exhibit website , including an image that likens the police beating of black civil rights workers outside a luncheonette to the clubbing of baby seals .
Above , I screencapped a comparison of the branding of slaves to the branding of livestock .
Below , a picture of FGM , and the sterilization of piglets .
Advertisement
Earlier , PETA had organized a similar exhibition on the theme of the Holocaust .
( The creative title : " Holocaust On Your Plate . " )
They made sure to have a Jewish spokesperson on hand to try and fend off the Anti-Defamation League .
I think I get it .
They 're trying to " raise awareness . "
They 're trying to be " provocative . "
They 're seeking attention .
Do n't they realize they 're getting it for all the wrong reasons ?
Plenty of people who are otherwise sympathetic to the cause of animal rights — people who support organizations with some goals in common with PETA , just vastly different tactics , like the SPCA and the Humane Society — are put off by PETA 's unimaginative recourse to sexist and racist imagery .
The tactics at PETA 's stunt - protests , like portable videoscreens showing inflammatory material , giant gory signs , and fake blood , call to mind no other groups so much as those vile folk who parade around outside women 's clinics shoving hoax pictures of abortions in people 's faces .
Sometimes , just like extreme pro-life protesters , PETA targets children — for instance , outside circuses .
The ability to speak of " abolition " and " animal slavery " while dressed as a member of a terrorist white - supremacist organization that tortured , raped , burned , and murdered untold people speaks — at best — of a certain impairment of perspective that is far from intellectually appealing .
At worst , it smacks of utter moral decrepitude .
Advertisement
So what has Newkirk to say for herself , and for PETA , then ?
As for the sexy women in our ads , the silly costumes , the street tableaux and the tofu sandwich give - aways , in a world where people want to smile , can't resist looking at an attractive image and are up for a free meal , if such harmless antics will allow one individual to reconsider their own role in exploiting animals , how can it be faulted ?
Advertisement
Oh , I forgot — they 're just harmless antics .
How could they be faulted , indeed ?
A Pragmatic Fight For Animal Rights [ Guardian ]
The Extremist [ Michael Specter ]
Which PETA Campaign Do You Hate The Most ? [ Feministing ]
Better Dead Than Fed , PETA Says [ SF Chronicle ]
Animal Liberation [ PETA ]
PETA Dresses Up In KKK Garb Outside Westminster Dog Show [ USAToday ]
Group Blasts PETA ' Holocaust ' Project [ CNN ]
Researchers at the California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) have obtained the first recordings of brain - cell activity in an actively flying fruit fly .
The work -- by Michael Dickinson , the Esther M. and Abe M. Zarem Professor of Bioengineering , with postdoctoral scholars Gaby Maimon and Andrew Straw -- suggests that at least part of the brain of the fruit fly ( Drosophila melanogaster ) " is in a different and more sensitive state during flight than when the fly is quiescent , " Dickinson says .
A paper describing the research appears February 14 in the advance online edition of Nature Neuroscience .
" Prior work on fruit flies has led to many important breakthroughs in biology .
For example , the fact that genes reside on chromosomes and our understanding of how genes control development both emerged from experiments on fruit flies , " Maimon says .
" New research hopes to use these tiny insects to help determine how neurons give rise to complex behavior .
This effort is helped by the fact that it is easy to manipulate the genes of fruit flies , but one problem remains :
These insects are really , really tiny , which means it is very difficult to record from their brain during active behaviors such as flight . "
" Researchers have recorded the neural - cell activity of fruit flies before , but only in restrained preparations -- animals that had been stuck or glued down , " Dickinson explains .
" Gaby was able to develop a preparation where the animal is tethered " -- its head clamped into place -- " but free to flap its wings . "
By slicing off a patch of the hard cuticle covering the brain , " we were able to target our electrodes onto genetically marked neurons , " he says .
A puff of air was used to spur the flies into flapping their wings , while electrodes measured the activity of the marked neurons and high - speed digital cameras simultaneously recorded the flies ' behavior .
advertisement
In particular , the researchers focused on those neurons in the fly 's visual system that keep the animal flying stably during flight .
" These cells basically help the fly detect when its body posture changes , " Dickinson says .
" The signals from these cells are thought to control tiny steering muscles that then change the pattern of wing motion and bring the animal back into equilibrium . "
In their experiments , the researchers discovered that when the animals began to fly , the visual cells immediately ramped up their activity .
" The neurons ' responses to visual motion roughly double when the flies begin to fly , which suggests that the system is more sensitive during flight , " Dickinson says .
" The increase is very abrupt .
It 's not at all a subtle change , and so we suspect that there is a neurochemical quickly released during flight that sets the animal 's brain in this different state . "
Previous studies in locusts -- which are far bigger and thus far easier to study -- had suggested the existence of this effect .
However , the genetics of locusts are not nearly as well understood as those of Drosophila , which has made it impossible to pinpoint the genetic basis for the phenomenon .
In Drosophila , Dickinson says , it now should be possible to " out specifically what causes the change in sensitivity .
Is the system turned off when the fly is on the ground ?
What neurochemicals are involved ?
Now we can start to use the genetic tricks that are available in fruit flies to get a better idea of what is going on . "
Maimon adds : " Our work on Drosophila is of general interest because sensory neurons in many species -- including birds , rodents , and primates -- change their response strength depending on the behavioral state of the animal , but why these changes in sensitivity take place is not entirely clear . "
In addition , the researchers plan to use their tethered - flight system to record the activity of other types of cells , including olfactory and motor cells , to determine if these also behave differently during flight and when flies are at rest .
" The question is , ' Is the entire brain completely different in flight ? ' "
Dickinson says .
" We suspect that this phenomenon is not unique to the visual cells we have studied .
Most cells care whether the animal is flying or not . "
This work was supported by the National Science Foundation and a Caltech Della Martin Fellowship .
Business , cultural and sporting figures from the Irish community across Britain gathered in London to discuss ways of helping the Irish economy .
Minister for Foreign Affairs Micheál Martin , who chaired the discussion , said the group would provide advice and opportunities for an export - led recovery .
He said the establishment of the Global Irish Network honoured the Government 's commitment , made at Farmleigh last September , to listen to and work with those who , though mainly resident abroad , continued to have a strong interest and stake in Ireland and its progress .
Last year 280 members of Ireland 's business , cultural and sporting diaspora came together in Dublin at the Government 's invitation .
Today 's London meeting marked the establishment of the Global Irish Network .
One member of the group Barry Maloney , founder of the venture capital firm Balderton Capital , said that some members of the group had a lot of experience in the financial services area and a lot of thoughts about putting Ireland 's banking system on the road to recovery .
Mr Martin announced his intention to organise a series of similar Global Irish Network meetings in other parts of the world .
He said one of its main objectives would be to act as an additional resource for the Government and State agencies in promoting Ireland 's economic , cultural and tourism messages in key markets .
Controversial climate change boss uses car AND driver to travel one mile to office ... ( but he says YOU should use public transport )
He is the climate change chief whose research body produced a report warning that the glaciers in the Himalayas might melt by 2035 and earned a Nobel Prize for his work – so you might expect Dr Rajendra Pachauri to be doing everything he can to reduce his own carbon footprint .
But as controversy continued to simmer last week over the bogus ‘ Glaciergate ’ claims in a report by the UN ’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change – which he heads – Dr Pachauri showed no apparent inclination to cut global warming in his own back yard .
On Friday , for the one - mile journey from home to his Delhi office , Dr Pachauri could have walked , or cycled , or used the eco-friendly electric car provided for him , known in the UK as G - Wiz .
Leaving his footprint : Dr Pachauri being driven in his 1.8 - litre Toyota Corolla
But instead , he had his personal chauffeur collect him from his £ 4.5 million home – in a 1.8 - litre Toyota Corolla .
Hours later , the chauffeur picked up Dr Pachauri from the office of the environmental charity where he is director - general – The Energy and Resources Institute – blatantly ignoring the institute ’s own literature , which gives visitors tips on how to reduce pollution by using buses .
Dr Pachauri – who as IPCC chairman once told people to eat less meat to cut greenhouse gas emissions – was driven to an upmarket restaurant popular with expatriates and well - off tourists just half a mile from his luxurious family home .
As he waited outside the institute office for Dr Pachauri , the chauffeur said : ‘ Dr Pachauri does use the electric car sometimes but most of the time he uses the Toyota . ’
The electric car might be kinder to the environment and more suitable for short trips , explained the chauffeur – who has worked for the environmentalist for 19 years – but it was simply too small for Dr Pachauri and a driver to share .
‘ When he uses it , he has to use it by himself , ’ he said .
At his office , Dr Pachauri has at his disposal four electric cars obtained by the institute last year from REVA – the Indian company that makes the G - Wiz cars seen in many British cities .
The institute bought the battery - powered cars with the express aim of reducing pollution on short trips by staff around town .
One of those cars has been set aside for his personal use .
Dr Rajendra Pachauri 's work earned him a Nobel Prize
The chauffeur said Dr Pachauri ’s family owned or ran a total of five cars .
Dr Pachauri used three : the company Toyota , the REVA and an older ‘ Ambassador - style car ’ – a reference to the smoke - belching , Indian - made Hindustan Ambassador car , based on the vintage British Morris Oxford , that is a common sight at taxi ranks in Delhi .
The family ’s two other cars are owned by Dr Pachauri ’s wife and his grown - up son , also a scientist .
The five - star lifestyle and considerable wealth of Dr Pachauri – who is said to wear suits costing £ 1,000 each – has come under growing scrutiny since he was forced to acknowledge the error of the claims in an explosive 2007 IPCC report that the Himalayan glaciers might melt within 25 years .
The humiliating climbdown over the report , which was masterminded by Dr Pachauri and which led to the organisation sharing the Nobel Prize with Al Gore , was followed by calls for him to step down from the UN panel , which he has chaired since 2002 .
On Friday , at the institute ’s swish city - centre offices , where the foyer walls are covered with pictures of Dr Pachauri meeting politicians and dignitaries and receiving awards for his environmental work since he took up his role as its head in the Eighties , he declined to comment on recent calls for his resignation .
He said : ‘ I am very tied up – I am just too tied up to talk to you just now . ’
His company ’s manager for corporate communications , Rajiv Chhibber , later said : ‘ Dr Pachauri is really stressed at the moment .
The past two weeks have been very rough on him .
‘ We have about 250 interview requests and he has to do all his usual work as well .
We have the Delhi Sustainable Development Summit coming up in February and he has got a lot of work to catch up on . ’
Another concern for Dr Pachauri could be the questions being asked about his portfolio of business interests in bodies that have been investing billions of dollars in organisations dependent on the IPCC ’s policy recommendations – including banks , oil and energy companies and investment funds involved in carbon trading .
His institute is said to have received £ 310,000 from the Carnegie Corporation of New York and the lion ’s share of a £ 2.5 million EU grant after citing what have now been found to be the bogus Glaciergate claims in grant applications .
And there are signs in Delhi that Dr Pachauri – once fawned over by politicians and celebrities alike as a climate change luminary – is losing the support of some of his most powerful allies , including , critically , Indian government officials who previously used him as a key adviser .
Reports in Delhi last week suggested Dr Pachauri had been quietly dropped as head of a solar - power campaign being prepared by the prime minister .
Collecting dust :
The electric car sits idle in the car park
The Golf Links area in Central Delhi where Dr Pachauri lives is named after the nearby Delhi Golf Course and is one of the most expensive residential areas in India .
Every home in this gated community has its own security guard and it enjoys round - the - clock police patrols to protect its wealthy residents .
Dr Pachauri ’s neighbours include a former prime minister ’s son and senior Indian business leaders .
Indian steel tycoon Lakshmi Mittal , Britain ’s richest man with an estimated £ 10.8 billion fortune , owns a home in the same area .
Currently , homes of a similar size to Dr Pachauri ’s are being advertised at prices of around £ 6 million .
Explaining the area ’s sky - high property prices , the director of an international property broker told India ’s Economic Times : ‘ This area has a certain snob value attached to it .
Buying a house here means announcing to the world that one has arrived in life . ’
Despite heading the UN body on climate change , Dr Pachauri has no background in environmental science .
He began his career as a railway engineer , graduated in engineering and gained his doctorate in industrial engineering .
Dr Pachauri has four electric cars at his disposal
In an attack on Dr Pachauri in a Delhi magazine article on Friday , headlined The Great Climate Change Fraud , Indian commentator Ninad D. Sheth said : ‘ Mr Pachauri has no training in climate science yet he heads the pontification panel which spreads the new gospel of a hotter world .
How come ?’
Yesterday , in a statement from Mr Chhibber , Dr Pachauri insisted that he would not resign over the Glaciergate controversy – and , ironically , urged people to use public transport to help reduce global warming .
Dr Pachauri said people should take ‘ practical lifestyle steps ’ including ‘use of energy - efficient transport , including public transport – and in general become conscious of our carbon footprints as individuals ’ .
Asked why Dr Pachauri used a chauffeur - driven car , Mr Chhibber said : ‘ He does use the REVA electric car whenever he can and he encourages the staff to use the other electric cars when they drive around town .
He also encourages all his staff to pool cars when we can .
‘ But sometimes the REVA is not practical .
It may be he has to pick up other people .
There is not so much room inside . ’
When Mr Chhibber was asked why Dr Pachauri left the REVA in the car park on Friday , he replied : ‘ I can not comment on that . ’
More Than 4 Million Acres Impacted
The Mountain Pine Beetle is at epidemic levels throughout the western United States , including here in the Rocky Mountain Region ( Read the Forest Service 's Western Bark Beetle Strategy ) .
Forests affected here include several in Colorado , Wyoming , South Dakota and Nebraska .
In northern Colorado and southeastern Wyoming , Mountain Pine Beetles have impacted more than 4 million acres since the first signs of outbreak in 1996 .
The majority of outbreaks have occurred in three forests : Arapaho - Roosevelt , White River and Medicine Bow / Routt .
Concern about the epidemic is particularly high in these areas due to watershed values and recreation use .
Mitigation is critical because hazardous fuels and falling trees impact watershed resources , human health and safety , and basic services such as travel , electricity , and water .
Forests Impacted by Bark Beetle :
COLORADO :
Arapaho and Roosevelt National Forests and Pawnee National Grassland
Grand Mesa , Uncompahgre , and Gunnison National Forests
Pike–San Isabel National Forests and Cimarron–Comanche National Grasslands
Rio Grande National Forest
San Juan National Forest
White River National Forest
NEBRASKA :
Nebraska & Samuel R. McKelvie National Forests , Buffalo Gap , Fort Pierre , & Oglala National Grasslands
SOUTH DAKOTA :
Black Hills National Forest
WYOMING :
Bighorn National Forest
Medicine Bow–Routt National Forests and Thunder Basin National Grassland
Shoshone National Forest
The Case Against Iaijutsu Focus
A lot of people dislike Oriental Adventures , and it 's mainly because of misplaced expectations .
Wizards of the Coast touted the book in many places as the Legend of the Five Rings campaign setting , which was n't entirely accurate .
In fact , L5R was only part of it , the rest was old material from Kara - Tur ( a Forgotten Realms location ) brought into 3rd Edition .
I for one liked the book .
I loved the sohei , shaman and wu jen , and I used the monsters when at all possible .
Looking back on it , it was mostly the L5R material that I disliked , which I guess puts contrary to everybody else who got the book .
There was always one part that stuck in my craw : Iaijutsu Focus .
It was a new skill , which was great .
The problem was that it was very exclusive .
In fact , only samurai and sohei characters had it in their class skill list .
It 's use was pretty limited , but at the same time , it was just something really different .
The feat was based on Charisma , which was pretty cool , because back then Charisma did n't have much going for it beyond Bards and Sorcerers , and it let characters deal extra damage to flat - footed opponents , which is always a welcome ability .
So far it sounds pretty good , but when you start to look at the numbers , things start to get a bit shaky .
The Numbers for a 1st Level Character
Let us consider a hypothetical case : a first level character , who has 4 ranks in Iaijutsu Focus and through ability score manipulation has a Charisma 18 .
This is by no means an abnormal case .
This character has a +8 to their Iaijutsu Focus rolls , and if they take the Skill Focus ( Iaijutsu Focus ) feat , this improves to +11 .
So , very quickly , we 've been able to make a character , who can't physically roll low enough to not deal at least + 1d6 damage .
On a roll of 4 , they deal +2d6 .
They deal +3d6 on a roll of 9 , +4d6 on a roll of 14 and +5d6 on a roll of 19 .
That means that they have a 10 % chance to deal bonus damage equivalent to a 9th level rogue .
That 's pretty darned scary when coming from a 1st level character .
Enter the Factotum
A factotum ( see Dungeonscape ) can use their cunning insight ability right from 1st level in order to gain a bonus to both their attack roll and their damage roll .
Although they can only do this once per encounter at 1st level , it 's still an ability that will make them more likely to strike and allow them to deal more damage right from the go .
Such a character could also use their Cunning Knowledge ability to further increase damage from Iaijutsu Focus , although this wo n't have a noticeable effect until 3rd level , when it bumps the maximum bonus damage up one increment to +7d6 .
A 4th level factotum can also use their class abilities to deal +1d6 sneak attack damage , which stacks with Iaijutsu Focus .
With maximum skill ranks in Iaijutsu Focus , they can deal bonus damage equivalent to a 17th level rogue .
By 5th level , they exceed that to +10d6 damage .
Savants and Sharing the Love
Savants ( see Dragon Compendium ) , are less imposing than factotums , but can create problems when they are in groups of other characters , preferably rogues or fighters .
They can use their Skill Assistance class feature to provide all nearby party members with their ranks in Iaijutsu Focus .
It 's not inconceivable to have situations where everybody in the party is dealing + 1d6 damage right from 1st level .
So , What Can We Do ?
I say we can't do anything about Iaijutsu Focus .
I 've already shown that it can be easily abused , and it provides characters with a level of damage that far exceeds what they should receive for their level .
So , what I say is dump the skill entirely .
It 's overpowered and we can recreate it 's effect pretty easily .
That 's right !
Luckily in Complete Adventurer , the game designers provided us with a great replacement for Iaijutsu Focus in the form of Sudden Strike , which saw its debut with the ninja class .
Sudden Strike has all of the features of Iaijutsu Focus , but because it's a class ability , its damage can be tightly maintained , and we wo n't see any huge problems .
So , to that end , I think it 's fitting that I present a pair of feats and a revised prestige class that use Sudden Strike instead of Iaijutsu Focus .
To help capture the flavor of the original , they 've been written to specifically work with the samurai class ( Complete Warrior ) .
Iaijutsu Focus [ General ]
You can focus your inner ki to deal devastating attacks against unprepared opponents .
Prerequisites : Cha 15 + , base attack bonus +4 , Kiai Smite class feature .
Benefits :
You gain the ability to deal + 1d6 sudden strike damage .
You deal this damage whenever your target is denied a Dexterity bonus to Armor class ( whether the target actually has a Dexterity bonus or not ) .
This damage applies only to melee attacks .
Creatures with concealment , creatures without discernable anatomies , and creatures immune to extra damage from critical hits are all immune to sudden strikes .
You cannot make a sudden strike while striking the limbs of a creature whose vitals are out of reach .
You can't use sudden strike to deliver nonlethal damage .
Weapons capable of dealing only nonlethal damage do n't deal extra damage when used as part of a sudden strike .
The extra damage from the sudden strike ability stacks with bonus damage from sneak attacks whenever both would apply to the same target .
You can only make sudden strikes when wearing light or no armor and when lightly encumbered .
This technique requires swift movements that heavier armors can ruin .
Greater Iaijutsu Focus [ General ]
Your inner ki has become even stronger , improving your ability to make powerful attacks against opponents .
Prerequisites : Cha 17 + , base attack bonus +8 , Kiai Smite class feature , Iaijutsu Focus , Quick Draw .
Benefits :
Your sudden strike damage increases by +2d6 .
This ability stacks with Iaijutsu Focus , making your total sudden strike damage +3d6 .
Iaijutsu Master
Iaijutsu .
Those who practice its arts become deadly duelists .
An honorable duelist is always in demand , to either test their skills against others or to act as a proxy for one 's lord .
Most iaijutsu masters are samurai , although many fighters and rogues can benefit from training in iaijutsu .
NPC iaijutsu masters can be found in large metropolitan areas , many in dojos where they train the next generation of practitioners .
Others may work in the service of a lord who cannot duel for himself .
Still others can be found traveling the countryside , finding dojos where iaijutsu is taught and defeating the head teacher there .
Hit Die : d10
Requirements
To qualify to become an iaijutsu master , a character must fulfill all the following criteria .
Alignment : Any Lawful .
Base Attack Bonus : +6 .
Skills : Concentration 9 ranks .
Feats : Improved Initiative , Quick Draw , Weapon Focus ( katana ) .
Special : A samurai character with the iaijutsu master class ability does not require the Quick Draw feat .
Class Skills
The iaijutsu master 's class skills ( and the key ability for each skill ) are Balance ( Dex ) , Climb ( Str ) , Concentration ( Con ) , Craft ( Int ) , Diplomacy ( Cha ) , Escape Artist ( Dex ) , Jump ( Str ) , Perform ( Cha ) , Ride ( Dex ) , Sense Motive ( Wis ) and Tumble ( Dex ) .
See Chapter 4 : Skills in the Player 's Handbook for skill descriptions .
Skill Points at Each Level : 4 + Int modifier .
Class Features
All of the following are class features of the iaijutsu master prestige class .
Weapon and Armor Proficiency : Iaijutsu masters do not gain proficiency with any weapons nor do they gain proficiency with any armor or shields .
Weapon Finesse ( Ex ) :
At 1st level , an iaijutsu master may use her Dexterity modifier instead of her Strength modifier on attack rolls with her katana .
This works like the Weapon Finesse feat , except that it applies to the katana , a weapon to which the feat cannot normally be applied .
Canny Defense ( Ex ) : When not wearing armor or using a shield , an iaijutsu master adds 1 point of Intelligence bonus ( if any ) per iaijutsu master class level to her Dexterity bonus to modify Armor Class while wielding a katana .
If an iaijutsu master is caught flat - footed or otherwise denied her Dexterity bonus , she also loses this bonus .
Sudden Strike ( Ex ) :
If an iaijutsu master can catch an opponent when he is unable to defend himself effectively from her attack , she can strike a vital spot for extra damage .
Whenever the iaijutsu master 's target is denied a Dexterity bonus to Armor Class ( whether the target actually has a Dexterity bonus or not ) , the iaijutsu master deals an extra 1d6 points of damage with her attack .
This bonus increases by +1d6 points of damage every two iaijutsu master levels thereafter .
An iaijutsu master can't use sudden strike when flanking an opponent unless that opponent is denied its Dexterity bonus to AC .
This bonus damage only applies to melee attacks .
Creatures with concealment , creatures without discernable anatomies and creatures immune to critical hits are all immune to sudden strikes .
An iaijutsu master can't make sudden strikes while striking at the limbs of a creature whose vitals are out of reach .
An iaijutsu master can't use sudden strike to deliver nonlethal attacks .
The extra damage from the sudden strike ability stacks with the extra damage from sneak attack whenever both would apply to the same target .
Iaijutsu masters can only make sudden strikes when wearing light or no armor and when lightly encumbered .
This technique requires swift movements that heavier armors can ruin .
Lightning Blade ( Ex ) :
An iaijutsu master of 2nd level or higher adds her Charisma modifier to her initiative checks , as well as her Dexterity modifier .
This bonus only applies when the iaijutsu master is wearing light or no armor and is lightly encumbered .
Strike from the Void ( Ex ) : Starting at 5th level , an iaijutsu master adds her Charisma modifier to the damage she deals with her Sudden Strike ability .
One Strike , Two Cuts ( Ex ) : At 8th level and above , an iaijutsu master can make two attacks with a katana as a standard action .
This means she can strike twice and move in the same round .
Strike with No Thought ( Ex ) : At 10th level , if an iaijutsu master begins combat within melee range of an opponent , she gains a free surprise round , even though her opponent is aware of her presence .
The only attack that the iaijutsu master can take is an attack action using a katana .
The iaijutsu master can only use this ability when she is wearing light or no armor and is lightly encumbered .
Multiclassing Note : A samurai can multiclass as an iaijutsu master without losing her ability to take additional levels in samurai .
Table 1-01 : The Iaijutsu Master
Level Base Attack
Bonus Fort
Save Ref
Save Will
Save Special 1st +1 +0 +2 +0 Canny defense , sudden strike +1d6 , weapon finesse 2nd +2 +0 +3 +0 Lightning blade 3rd +3 +1 +3 +1 Sudden strike +2d6 4th +4 +1 +4 +1 5th +5 +1 +4 +1
Strike from the void , sudden strike +3d6 6th +6 +2 +5 +2 7th +7 +2 +5 +2 Sudden strike +4d6 8th +8 +2 +6 +2
One strike , two cuts 9th +9 +3 +6 +3 Sudden strike +5d6 10th +10 +3 +7 +3
Strike with no thought
Did you like this article ?
Then try :
Google is planning to ship an over - the - air update to Nexus One devices to add support for the multitouch pinch - and - zoom gesture in a number of applications , including the Web browser .
The search company has made a lot of progress in boosting Android 's functional parity relative to Apple 's iPhone OS , but support for multitouch , which users increasingly view as an essential capability for touchscreen devices , was one of the last major gaps in the Android feature set .
There has been a lot of speculation about why Google has previously declined to include the feature , despite its appearance in some European handsets that run Android .
It seemed likely that Apple 's multitude of patents on the underlying technology of the iPhone was the primary reason .
Google contends , however , that previous Android devices simply did n't have the computing power to handle pinch - and - zoom .
In a statement sent to ReadWriteWeb , the search giant says that the Nexus One , with its more powerful 1 Ghz Snapdragon processor , is the first Android device that can handle the load .
" Unlike past devices , these phones have the processing power to deliver pinch - to - zoom , while still providing a great user experience , " a Google spokesperson told RRW .
We Avoid Unnecessary Litigation
Most legal disputes can be resolved without going to trial .
But having a firm behind you known and respected as a formidable opponent by Pacific Northwest law firms can only help your chances for pre-trial settlement .
We have the experience , professionalism and endurance to achieve successful results through direct negotiation and mediation .
We understand that the keys to resolving any type of dispute are preparation , risk / reward analysis , and appropriate application of leverage .
We Provide Customized Solutions
There is no one way to handle a case ; they are all different and unique , and a cookie - cutter approach fails to yield true value .
Because we do not limit our practice to just a few areas of law and we do not represent only plaintiffs or only defendants , we can draw on varied experience and multiple strategies and techniques to better serve our clients .
We look at every client and case in a fresh light , selecting the approach that is likely to yield the best results under the circumstances .
About the author
( NewsTarget ) Mainstream medicine tells us that there is little we can do for the common cold other than treat the symptoms and let the cold run its course .
To some extent , a cold does have to run its course , but what many do not know is that nature offers remedies that can greatly speed recovery from a common cold as well as treat symptoms - and do so more effectively and more safely than mainstream medicines .
An almost sure fire way to help lessen symptoms and speed recovery of a cold is to take a combination of colloidal silver and some of nature 's best cold fighters : echinacea , vitamin C , zinc , olive leaf extract and garlic .
Take plentiful amounts of vitamin C ( up to 1,000 mg of vitamin C an hour for the first 6 hours and then up to 1000 mg three times daily thereafter ) and one to three cloves of freshly minced garlic that has been allowed to sit for 15 minutes , along with the amounts specified on the product labels for olive leaf extract and zinc .
Take plenty of echinacea - at least three to four times the amount on the label .
It is best to have the echinacea in extract form so you can gargle with it too , as echinacea has antiseptic qualities and soothing qualities that can help with the sore throat when gargled and swallowed .
If there is any congestion or cough , nebulize with colloidal silver and lobelia ( five parts colloidal silver to one part lobelia ) several times daily .
In addition , get plenty of bed rest and drink plenty of liquids .
Chicken noodle soup is a tried and true cold reliever and recent studies have attested to its effectiveness against the common cold .
The above combo will usually help you beat a cold in only a few days - the sooner you get started the quicker the cold will be gone ( which is true of any effective cold remedy ) .
Another remedy that is effective against the common cold :
Mix together the following ingredients :* 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper* 1/4 teaspoon powdered ginger * 1/4 teaspoon cloves *
One tablespoon apple cider vinegar *
One tablespoon honey ( or to taste ) *
Two tablespoons waterStore the mixture in a small bottle and take three teaspoons whenever needed .
Note :
Use organic raw honey if at all possible .
Manuka honey is the best of all .
Lastly , here is a Mexican - Apache cold cure as reported by the great granddaughter of Geronimo : " My father , Crisosto Pena , a Mexican Apache , believed that chili could cure anything .
He said that it was packed full of vitamins and therefore a cure - all , especially for colds .
" One day he returned from work and found his wife and five children in bed with the flu .
He felt so bad for them that he took out the bag of hot chili pods and soaked them in hot water for 15 minutes .
Then he put them into a grinder and ground them with the water they were soaked in .
He gave each one of his family members a spoonful with a piece of tortilla .
About an hour later the family was moving about .
The children were out playing around , and his wife was cooking dinner .
" From that day on , I too believe that chili is a cure - all , especially for colds .
As a preventive medicine , you can mix the chili with garlic and onions .
It not only tastes good , but also keeps colds away .
" Told by I.M. Crisosto Pena , daughter of Crisosto Pena , and great great granddaughter of Geronimo .
Sources included : Tony Isaacs , is a natural health author , advocate and researcher who hosts
The Best Years in Life website for those who wish to avoid prescription drugs and mainstream managed illness and live longer , healthier and happier lives naturally .
Mr. Isaacs is the author of books and articles about natural health , longevity and beating cancer including " Cancer 's Natural Enemy " and is working on a major book project due to be published later this year .
He is also a contributing author for the worldwide advocacy group " S.A N.E.Vax .
Inc " which endeavors to uncover the truth about HPV vaccine dangers .
Mr. Isaacs is currently residing in scenic East Texas and frequently commutes to the even more scenic Texas hill country near Austin and San Antonio to give lectures and health seminars .
He also hosts the CureZone " Ask Tony Isaacs - featuring Luella May " forum as well as the Yahoo Health Group " Oleander Soup " and he serves as a consultant to the " Utopia Silver Supplement Company " .
EDINBURGH  Like his fellow Scot Susan Boyle , who made a meteoric entry into show business , the stunt bicyclist Danny MacAskill can divide his life in two : before his YouTube video and after .
Eight months ago , MacAskill ’s daily routine was fairly predictable .
He would leave the apartment he shares with a roommate , hop on his bike and maneuver through strangling traffic to his job as a bicycle mechanic .
Along his route , he passed a metal fence with a spiky top .
He had eyed it for years .
“ I ’d look at it and say , ‘ I can ride that rail , ’ ” said MacAskill , 24 .
He eventually got up the nerve , and the subsequent 30 - second trick  which took four days to shoot  became the jaw - dropping highlight of a 5 - minute - 37 - second video posted on YouTube in April .
If you 're taking a daily aspirin for your heart , you may want to reconsider .
For years , many middle - aged people have taken the drug in hopes of reducing the chance of a heart attack or stroke .
Americans bought more than 44 million packages of low - dose aspirin marketed for heart protection in the year ended September , up about 12 % from 2005 , according to research firm IMS Health .
Now , ...
The Democrat - controlled House Judiciary Committee on Wednesday rejected by a 15 - 14 vote a resolution of inquiry that would have forced the Justice Department to tell Congress why it dismissed a civil complaint against members of the New Black Panther Party who disrupted a Philadelphia polling place in the November 2008 election .
The party - line vote had been sought by Rep. Frank R. Wolf , Virginia Republican , who , along with Rep. Lamar Smith of Texas , ranking Republican on the House Judiciary Committee , said they have been unable to get information from the department on the complaint ’s dismissal .
“ I am deeply disappointed that the Judiciary Committee defeated my resolution of inquiry on a party - line vote .
There has been no oversight , no accountability and certainly no transparency with regard to this attorney general and this Department of Justice , ” Mr. Wolf said .
“ Where is the ‘ unprecedented transparency ’ that this administration promised ?
Where is the honesty and openness that the majority party pledged ?
The American people deserve better , ” he said .
The 15 Democrats , led by Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers Jr. of Michigan , sent the resolution to the House floor with an adverse recommendation , voting it “ unfavorably ” out of committee .
They described the Philadelphia polling disruption as an “ isolated incident ” that received sufficient punishment when the New Black Panther Party member who carried a nightstick was barred from carrying weapons at polling places in the future .
Rep . Dan Lungren , California Republican , described the dismissal of the complaint as “ a denial of justice ” and Rep. Robert W. Goodlatte , Virginia Republican , said the resolution was an attempt to hold the Justice Department accountable to Congress .
Mr. Wolf said that after ignoring seven letters over seven months seeking information on the case and failing to comply with subpoenas from the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights , he decided to seek the resolution .
He said Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. continues to “ thwart all efforts to compel an explanation for the dismissal . ”
Mr. Conyers disagreed , saying the Justice Department had been “ quite cooperative ” in providing information to Congress .
He said efforts by the department to keep the committee informed were “ fairly numerous . ”
The Justice Department did respond to several of the requests for information , although Mr. Wolf and others have described them as nonresponsive .
Mr. Wolf , ranking Republican on the House Appropriations subcommittee on commerce , justice , science and related agencies that funds the Justice Department , also said that while the Justice Department is claiming broad privileges to avoid disclosing any new information regarding the case , many legal scholars have challenged the department ’s assertions of privilege .
He said the committee ’s failure to approve his resolution had set a “ troubling precedent . ”
“ Is it going to continue to blindly defer to all unsubstantiated claims of privilege from the department ? ” he asked .
“ The Justice Department has gone as far as to claim privilege and redact seven pages of a letter I sent to the attorney general and released publicly on July 31 , 2009 .
“ I sincerely question the judgment of the Civil Rights Division leadership — both in its dismissal of this case and its stonewalling of this Congress and the Commission on Civil Rights , ” he said .
Mr. Wolf argued that the complaint was “ inexplicably dismissed ” earlier this year over the objections of the career attorneys overseeing the case as well as the departments own appeal office .
He said he regretted resorting to an oversight resolution , but “ Congress and the American people have a right to know why this case was not prosecuted . ”
In his resolution , first filed on Dec. 16 , Mr. Wolf asked that Mr. Holder be directed to transmit to the House all information in his possession relating to the decision by the Justice Department ’s Civil Rights Division to dismiss the complaint .
That would have included copies of documents , memos and correspondence involving the New Black Panther Party and the Justice Department ; any communications by the department regarding the case , both in and outside the agency ; and any evidence regarding the complaint ’s dismissal .
Mr. Wolf said he took oversight of the department “ very seriously ” and was a strong supporter of voting rights protections .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Republican strategist Todd Harris has some trouble giving Chris Matthews one example of anything Republicans have done that 's positive for America in the last 20 years .
I 'll be curious if he does any better when Matthews has him back on .
I 'm not counting on it .
MATTHEWS : I just wanted to get the Republican bragging points straight here .
So the Republican Party has kept us safe , except for 9/11 .
Is that the argument ?
No , really , because you had the worst attack on the American homeland in history , but you`re bragging about your ability to defend the country because you say -- you defended America , except for 9/11 .
That`s your defense , right ?
HARRIS : Look , Chris ...
MATTHEWS : That`s the bragging point of the Republican Party for the last -- I asked you to name one thing they`ve done for this country in 15 to 20 years .
I`ll keep going back further .
And you`re having a hard time giving me an answer .
What has the Republican Party ...
HARRIS : No , no .
I`m ...
MATTHEWS : ... done for the country ?
HARRIS : I`m not ...
MATTHEWS : I`m just -- it`s a good question .
HARRIS : Chris , I`m not having ...
MCMAHON : Squandered the surplus .
HARRIS : ... a hard time giving you an answer .
MCMAHON : Don`t forget , squandered the surplus .
HARRIS : When I decide to write a book about the history of the last 20 years of the Republican Party , I`ll be happy to talk to you about that .
MATTHEWS : No , just give me one ...
HARRIS : My job is to win elections -- my job is to ...
MATTHEWS : Just give me one .
HARRIS : ... win elections in 2010 .
MATTHEWS : OK .
HARRIS : And I`m going to keep my eye on the ball .
MCMAHON : He doesn`t have one .
He doesn`t have one !
MATTHEWS : Steve McMahon -- Steve McMahon , YouTube is watching .
You`re the Republican consultant , one of the best in the country .
Tell me what the Republican Party has done for this country in the last 10 to 20 years ?
Thank you , Steve McMahon .
( LAUGHTER )
MATTHEWS : Thank you , Todd Harris .
You got plenty of time , ` 64 -- we`ll have you back with the answer .
If you 're taking a daily aspirin for your heart , you may want to reconsider .
For years , many middle - aged people have taken the drug in hopes of reducing the chance of a heart attack or stroke .
Americans bought more than 44 million packages of low - dose aspirin marketed for heart protection in the year ended September , up about 12 % from 2005 , according to research firm IMS Health .
Now , medical experts say some people who are taking aspirin on a regular basis should think about stopping .
Public - health officials are scaling back official recommendations for the painkiller to target a narrower group of patients who are at risk of a heart attack or stroke .
The concern is that aspirin's side effects , which can include bleeding ulcers , might outweigh the potential benefits when taken by many healthy or older people .
" Not everybody needs to take aspirin , " says Sidney Smith , a professor at the University of North Carolina who is chairing a new National Institutes of Health effort to compile treatment recommendations on cardiovascular - disease prevention .
Physicians are beginning to tailor aspirin recommendations to " groups where the benefits are especially well established , " he says .
Doctors generally agree that most patients who have already suffered a heart attack or ischemic stroke , the type caused by a clot or other obstruction blocking an artery to the brain , should take regular low - dose aspirin .
But for people without heart disease , the newest guidelines from the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force spell out much more clearly than before when aspirin should be administered .
CAIRO  Hundreds of people across Egypt ’s political spectrum greeted the Nobel Peace Prize laureate Mohamed ElBaradei on his arrival at the airport here on Friday and called on him to run for president , a daring political gesture in a country where unauthorized political demonstrations are illegal .
Dr. ElBaradei ’s plane landed several hours late , at 6 p.m. , in his first return to Egypt since leaving his post at the end of last year as director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency .
Though opposition politics in Egypt are constrained by laws that restrict freedom of speech and the right to assemble , a grass - roots effort has emerged to try to draft Dr. ElBaradei to run in the presidential election in 2011 .
The broad nature of Dr. ElBaradei ’s appeal  as an outsider of international renown with no ties to a political system widely seen as ineffective and corrupt  was on display at the airport .
Those who gathered  men and women  included people from various regions who said they had never been involved in politics , prominent actors and writers , a member of the Muslim Brotherhood and leading members of groups calling for democratic change .
Image Hundreds of supporters of Mohamed ElBaradei gathered at the airport in Cairo on Friday to await his return to Egypt. Credit ... Shawn Baldwin for The New York Times
“ We are supporting him and he is a symbol of change , ” said Muhammad Abdel Qudous , a member of the Muslim Brotherhood , the banned but tolerated Islamic movement .
“ The question is , can ElBaradei , who lived most of his life working in Europe , can he lead a new Egyptian revolution for change ? ”
Dear Leo ,
I long ago accepted that eating meat was n't for me .
It was mainly the issue of animal welfare that convinced me to shun meat in my diet , but I also agree with the concerns about meat 's environmental impacts .
However , I worry whenever I hear concerns expressed about the environmental impact of replacement protein such as tofu , of which I now eat a fair quantity .
How does tofu compare to , say , an equivalent portion of pork or chicken ?
Teri P , by email
Somewhat inevitably this subject tends to quickly slip into the standard " meat eater vs veggie " debate .
But wading through the inevitable emotions , there are some strands that most people seem to agree on .
Perhaps the most obvious is that growing crops to feed to animals that are then slaughtered and eaten is not the most efficient way for humans to consume their protein requirements .
In terms of reducing greenhouse gas emissions , it would be better if we were to substitute animal products wherever possible with crop - based proteins such as lentils and chickpeas .
But things get a little murkier , it seems , when meat substitutes such as Quorn ( a factory - produced fungus known as mycoprotein ) and soya - based tofu are thrown into the equation .
The recent publication of a report called " How Low Can We Go ? " , conducted for WWF - UK and the Food Climate Research Network by a research team at Cranfield University , Murphy - Bokern Konzepte and Ecometrica , appears to have stirred up this debate even further .
The report aimed to " re-examine total food chain emissions [ in the UK ] taking into account emissions arising from agriculturally induced land use change " .
It examined what emissions reductions might be achievable if our diets switched from a largely meat - based diet to one in which substitute proteins such as tofu and chick peas were far more prominent .
It warned of thinking that soya - based products such as tofu were automatically the low emissions answer , though :
" Our analysis shows that direct substitution of livestock products in the diet with analogue high protein products based on for example soy involves increased dependence on imported crop commodities .
Such a strategy is likely to increase the total soy intake of the UK food chain .
Modern diets have protein in excess and substitution through a general increase in crop products [ such as lentils and chick peas ] is a more effective and sustainable strategy . "
Looks like the hippies were right after all .
Lentils and chickpeas are the pulse - based future .
The snag , though – there 's always a snag – is that we can't readily grow lentils or chickpeas here in the UK :
" Some substitute crops required are currently only grown overseas ( e.g. soy , chickpea , lentils ) .
The land required for all these crops to replace beef and lamb is about 1,352 kilohectares ( kha ) , compared with about 135 kha to supply concentrates for ruminant meat now .
So , the substitution of beef and sheep meat with Quorn , tofu and pulses clearly demands more overseas land .
Part of this is because two major crops selected for substitution are low yielding ( lentils and chickpeas at <= 1 t/ ha ) .
Were higher yielding pulses used , this demand would clearly be reduced . "
As vegetarians and vegans have long realised , a meat - free diet can often mean relying heavily on foods imported from abroad .
But the report does seem to conclude that , even knowing that meat substitutes such as tofu and Quorn are a less efficient option than lentils and chickpeas , it is still worth pursuing a meat - free diet if emissions reductions are our goal :
Diet provides single [ emissions reduction ] measures with big effects .
In addition , these measures are technically feasible now .
The most effective single measure ( meat - free diet ) gives a 20 % reduction .
The benefit of a vegetarian diet increases to about 38 % when our estimates of LUC [ land use change ] emissions are included , but this excludes the loss of soil carbon if UK grassland was converted to arable cropping .
Our analysis of the effects of the production of substitutes leads to the conclusion that a broad reduction in livestock product consumption balanced by broad - based increases in crop product intake [ such as lentils and chick peas ] is a more feasible measure which avoids the land use burden associated with soy based livestock product analogues .
It was a shame in a way that Mildmay 's comment below was deleted by the moderators .
It would have been interesting to hear back from him as he claimed to be a representative from Quorn and was saying that one of the authors of the report had subsequently admitted that the report 's finding on Quorn were based on inaccurate assumptions .
My understanding from the moderators is the report 's author wrote in to deny ever having said this and , as a result , asked for Mildmay 's comment to be removed , as ultimately happened .
I asked for both parties to clarify their positions , but , to date , have not had a response .
I also sought some evidence from Mildmay to support his claims that Quorn had a far lower impact than meat , but again , to date , I have n't heard anything back .
( There 's still time .
Please do post below if you are reading this . )
What I have found , though , is a reference to a Quorn - commissioned report by De Montfort University 's Institute of Energy and Sustainable Development which " early results " show Quorn mince having at least a third less embedded carbon than beef mince .
We can only await the final report with interest , I suppose .
There have been plenty of other interesting comments posted below – as always , thank you for taking the time to contribute .
As a whole , I would concur with Vegout that the report 's conclusions have been somewhat misinterpreted to conclude that by eating less meat it would automatically mean soy - based products being the only alternative and , therefore , result in an increase in deforestation …
Livestock products directly account for nearly two - thirds of food greenhouse gas emissions while providing less than a third of food energy .
The report shows that reducing livestock consumption offers the most effective way of reducing the carbon footprint of our food consumption .
Removing meat from the diet and replacing it with plant foods with similar protein contents reduces the carbon footprint of diet by one fifth .
Replacing all animal products remove nearly a third .
The best way to help the environment is to eat less meat and dairy products , this included meat eaters and vegetarians .
If food plays a full part in moving to a low carbon economy , these reductions meat and dairy products need to be combined with other measures , including improvements to farming .
As is so often the case , a synthesis of all the views below is probably the best guide to the true picture , but I think Vegout has got to the meat of the matter .
On 16 February , Leo originally wrote
There is unlikely to ever be a meal , or ingredient , that we can confidently claim to be environmentally benign – unless you delight in freeganism .
This argument is all about relative impacts , and there does seem to be growing evidence – including a study last week by WWF and Cranfield University – that soy - based proteins such as tofu can have a far larger impact on the environment than we might have otherwise imagined .
As is the format with this series , I will return later this week to discuss the topic in - depth .
In the meantime , it would be great if contributors can kick the debate off with their own thoughts below .
The UK 's armed forces could be used on the streets of the Britain to confront the threat of terrorism , under the terms of a strategic defence review ( SDR ) announced yesterday .
Two of the six “ key questions ” to be considered by the SDR will focus on domestic threats which “ cannot be separated from international security ” , according to a Green Paper setting out the grounds for a full scale review to start after the General Election .
Decisions need to be made on the “ balance between focusing on our territory and region and engaging threats at a distance ” and “ what contribution the armed forces should make in ensuring security and contributing to resilience within the UK ” .
The paper states : “ Stronger , more effective partnership with other Whitehall departments , the intelligence agencies , police forces and others at the national level will become even more important to achieving our security objective . ”
One proposal due to be considered was the formation of a rapid reaction force which could be deployed to counter Mumbai - style terrorist attacks and carry out swift operations outside the country .
On long - term missions overseas the economic circumstances meant that Britain will have to co-operate more closely with international allies like France , said the paper .
While the US remained Britain 's most important strategic ally , much closer co-operation should take place with other countries .
“ In Europe , the return of France to Nato 's integrated military structure offers an opportunity for even greater co-operation with a key partner across a range of defence activity ” it added .
The main theme of the Paper was “ adaptability ” , imperative due to varying demands on limited resources .
The 52 - page document admitted that although commanders on the ground in Afghanistan have shown the ability to adapt rapidly to challenges this had been undermined by the system in London .
The Paper made it clear that the SDR will have to carried out against the backdrop of the £ 178bn deficit in the public finances but the £ 20bn updating of the Trident nuclear programme , will also go ahead .
Belfast Telegraph
Colorado beer drinkers came closer than ever Wednesday to being able to buy a six - pack of full - strength beer at the same convenience stores where they purchase gas , cigarettes and snacks .
Legislation approved Wednesday by a House committee could affect hundreds of thousands of thirsty Coloradans statewide in terms of easier access to higher - alcohol suds on one hand and possibly less variety of brew on the other , witnesses testified .
House Bill 1186 passed on a 7 - 4 bipartisan vote , the first time any recent bill to expand beer sales has passed committee .
Hours of debate centered mostly on long - standing worries about market fairness and competition , which have pitted convenience stores against liquor shops for three years .
Some lawmakers and community activists also winced at the dangers of allowing 18 - year - old clerks to handle high - alcohol beer .
Rules allowing convenience stores to sell only low - alcohol , 3.2 percent beer — once legal for 18 - to 20 - year - olds — also limit shoppers , bill sponsor Rep. Larry Liston said .
“ We ca n’t keep just saying no , no , never , ” Liston said .
“ I hear from a lot of people who say , ‘ How come we ca n’t get beer ? ’ . . .
We really do n’t have a good answer . ”
The bill would not only allow gas stations and corner stores to sell full - strength beer but also allow liquor shops to sell snacks and non-perishable food items .
The bill does n’t include supermarkets , a factor Liston , R- Colorado Springs , thinks helped his case .
Brewers and liquor stores teamed up Wednesday night against the bill , arguing convenience stores are more likely to stock mass - produced beers than locally made craft brews .
Convenience stores promised they were eager to put a higher - quality selection in their coolers .
They said they are still reeling from 2008 rules that allowed liquor stores to remain open on Sundays .
The move cut demand for 3.2 beer .
An operator of one of the larger convenience - store chains , Buzz Calkins , said beer once made up about 10 percent of sales in his 40 Colorado stores .
Now , beer accounts for about 1 percent , he said .
“ Liquor stores were given the ability to sell on Sundays , ” Calkins said .
“ We ask to be able to compete on a level field . ”
Convenience stores — more than 2,000 in the state — estimate they ’ve lost $ 40,000 a year per store in both beer sales and the snack sales that once accompanied them .
But the state ’s 1,600 liquor stores counter that name - brand gas stations and convenience stores such as Circle K and Loaf ‘N Jug have the benefit of owning multiple stores and corporate backing for promotion and advertising .
They estimate 300 liquor stores could close as a result of the bill .
Jessica Fender : 303-954-1244 or jfender@denverpost.com
What happens when a dude gets kicked in the hangin ' brains by an MMA fighter and American Gladiator ?
Well , when he's a crazy " combat expert " who 's taken hundreds of nutshots , not what you think .
Advertisement
Apparently , this Roy Kirby guy has been hit in the balls so many times that they 've toughened up and also given up on telling his brain that it hurts .
Good for him ?
It was all worth it for them to be able to show that kick about 200 times in a five minute video .
[ GammaSquad via Gawker ]
A Debate Proposal
Our blog ’s particular focus is on innovations that can increase the quality and diversity of governance .
And one key element to improving the quality of governance , we believe , is having the power of exit .
Some communitarians have felt our position undermines their favored values and obligations .
We feel otherwise , so we ’d like to propose an online debate across the political spectrum .
Max Borders and I offer you the following prompt :
Community and Coercion
How is community possible ?
Suppose we all agree that there is a deep - seated human need for community and that people have certain obligations to it .
How far do those obligations extend ?
How much coercion by one person of another is required to sustain community ?
Liberals and communitarians agree that civil association is vital to the success of human society .
But to what degree is community a product of dynamic , bottom - up forces and to what degree does community require top - down guidance by elites with authority ?
In our view , most of these questions terminate in one ’s answer to a simpler question :
“ Is a right of exit compatible with our obligations either to community or to a territorial system of governance ? ”
This statement is meant as a conversation starter .
We ’d like for as many thoughtful bloggers as possible from across the political spectrum to talk about this claim .
We ’ve left it relatively free of context so that people can have maximum freedom to comment .
As people write posts , we will assemble these links into a single post with links as a point of reference .
So if you feel so inclined , reply to the above proposition and send us a link to your post at athousandnationsbloom@gmail.com
Or not !
Of course …
Here ’s a Building That Makes Money Selling Electricity
SipÃ©a builds and runs social housing in Poitiers , central France .
The buildings are very green , so much s that their use of energy is actually net - negative .
In this way the building actually earns a little income from selling its excess power from the solar roof .
This little extra comes in handy when when you are running a non-profit .
This new building houses Sipea headquarters .
It was designed so that …
the operating cost would be negative : the selling to the grid of the electricity produced by the solar roof incorporated into the south - facing side on the roof more than offsets the running costs of the buildings energy use for heating and cooling .
TheÂ rooftop solar produces 9,000 kilowatt - hours a year of electricity , and manages to use far less than that itself .
Due to PassivHaus construction ( basically ; lots of insulation ) Â the heating and cooling requirements of the building are negligible , thanks to careful design and construction .
The roof is a kind of see - through solar that is not yet available in the US .
Then it is sandwhiched between layers of glass to be super energy efficient : not lose heat or gain it .
The roof does let natural lighting in though , affording a dappled protection against direct solar glare , while reducing the heat loss and producing electricity .
The cells are spaced out between two sheets of glass , mounted in between the double - glazed sun-roof .
The yearly operation of the building requires very little active heating , thanks to PassivHausÂ insulation ( 22 cm of cellulosic wool in the outer walls ) and it needs no active cooling at all , just ventilation .
Even with this highly efficient design , theÂ construction costs were only $ 207 a square foot and the yearly operating costs are lower than their previous – much smaller headquarters .
Images : Flikr userÂ paspog
Source : Sipea
More from Susan Kraemer Journalists on Twitter
You can receive our articles for free in your email inbox or subscribe to our RSS feed .
Just enter your email below for the email subscription : | Buy | Print
Description
Open Your Own Online Store with FREE Kelontong WordPress e-Commerce
Theme AppCloud has been so phenomenal that we thought we ‚Äôd give it another shot .
iCreativelabs ‚Äô WordPress ninjas proudly present to you :
Features
– Simple layout
– Clean , professional look
– 960.gs
– Readable
– Integrated with WP e-commerce
– Javascript slideshow
– Add random app / gadget images at pages
– Add 2 layouts ( horizontal and vertical ) for app / gadget images
– Featured Products
– Contact form with re-captcha integration
– Valid CSS and XHTML
– Add registration plugin
– Categorized products view
– Products search
– Widget sidebar
New Features
– Newest Product
– Most Popular product
– Support multi-language for theme inline text
( Visited 1,278 times , 1 visits today )
Get the Recipe Perfect French Fries : Iteration 1
French Fries : Iteration 1 Fixin for a fry ?
Here 's the recipe for french fries ! »
If Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt have taught us anything at all , it 's that sometimes , when you combine two extraordinarily simple things , the results can get a little complicated .
Case in point : french fries .
The intricacies involved with taking potatoes and oil , applying science , heat , and a bit of blind faith are so complex that I will not even attempt to cover it in a single blog post .
But I 'd like to start with this week 's Burger Lab — a departure from beef , and the beginning of a long , and hopefully interesting road toward french fry perfection — by attempting to answer a question that has plagued my subconscious thoughts since the very first day that I started working in a decent restaurant .
But first , let 's quickly run through french fry basics .
To make a standard french fry , you first start by carefully and uniformly cutting a high - starch ( i.e. , a russet ) potato into precise 3/8 - inch sticks and rinsing them in water to remove excess starch .
After carefully drying them , you give them a 5 to 6 minute bath in oil at a relatively cool 325 °F ( 163°C ) .
Next , you remove the potatoes , increase the oil temperature to the standard frying range of 375 to 400 °F ( 196 to 204°C ) , and fry them a second time , this time crisping up the exterior to a beautiful golden brown .
Add a bit of salt , and what you 've got is something that looks like this :
... and you 're one step closer to heaven .
The thing that 's always bugged me with french fries is :
Why the double fry ?
I 've heard three reasons that have a bit of sense to them :
Theory # 1 : " The first fry gets the outside to create a water tight barrier .
That way , when you fry them the second time , they stay moist . "
" The first fry gets the outside to create a water tight barrier .
That way , when you fry them the second time , they stay moist . "
Or , Theory # 2 : " The first fry cooks them through to the center — if you skipped that step , your fries would brown on the outside , but still be raw in the middle . "
" The first fry cooks them through to the center — if you skipped that step , your fries would brown on the outside , but still be raw in the middle . "
Or , my personal favorite , and the very first response I ever received when I was still a lowly line cook :
Theory # 3 : " I do n't know Kenji , and it does n't matter .
Just keep cutting them .
There is such thing as stupid questions . "
Well ,
It 's been 10 years , and it 's time to put the theorizing behind me , and get some real answers so that I can once again sleep soundly at night .
Theory 1 : The Water Tight Barrier
This is easily put to rest with a single observation :
These are french fries that are in the midst of their second fry .
They have already been fried once , so any sort of watertight barrier - formation should have already occurred .
Any time somebody uses the phrase " dipped in boiling oil " or " boiled in oil , " what they really mean to say is " dipped in oil hot enough that the object 's internal moisture evaporates and bubbles to the surface of the oil , giving the illusion that the oil itself is boiling , when in reality it is the water in the object being fried that is boiling . " *
Except in very strange , laboratory conditions , oil itself catches on fire and burns far before it even approaches boiling temperature .
* The only people who are allowed to use the inaccurate phrase " dipped in boiling oil " are medieval torturers , if only for the sake of poetic license and brevity .
The point of all this is that the bubbles streaming out of the side of the fries indicate that internal moisture is escaping , and escaping steadily during the second frying phrase .
Theory # 1 : Debunked .
Theory 2 : the First Fry Cooks Through , the Second Fry Crisps
This is the more common theory , and the one that really got me thinking .
If the only purpose of the first fry is to cook the potatoes through , then does it need to be a fry ?
Could I boil the potatoes first in water , then fry them , for instance ?
After all , my go - to method for producing crisp roasted potatoes involves first boiling the potatoes , then roasting them at high temperature .
Would the same work for fries ?
I decided to put it to the test .
I cut a single potato into perfect 3/8 - inch square matchsticks , soaked them in water , then divided them in half .
The first half , I fried once at 325 °F , according to traditional french fry technique .
The second half I placed in a pot of boiling water until they were just cooked through , but not to the stage that they were falling apart .
As you can see , there are already immediate differences .
The fried potato on the left is sheathed in a robust , skin - like pellicle , while the boiled potato on the right is starchy — almost crumbly — in appearance .
I still held out hope that this crumbly texture would give the boiled potatoes the edge .
Since rougher texture = more surface area , and more surface area = more bits to crisp up , perhaps the boiled potatoes would crisp up nicely after all ?
I carefully lowered the potatoes into my hot wok full of 375 °F oil ( which I had set up with perforated aluminum foil divider so that I could fry both batches simultaneously without mixing them together — one of my more clever moments ) , and fried them for exactly two minutes before removing , draining , and tasting .
The boiled french fry on the right was certainly crisp , but delicate to the point that I could barely pick it up without shattering its surface — the layer of crispness was paper thin , and quickly softened within minutes after emerging from the oil .
The double - fried french fry , on the other hand , had a thick layer of golden brown , cracker - like crispness that stayed crisp even when it was almost fully cooled .
The ideal french fry .
But wait — perhaps the problem is that I chose a moist cooking method .
If the purpose of frying , and the way things get crisp , is through dehydration of the surface , boiling the potatoes in water is probably not the best par - cooking method .
Next , I turned to the microwave .
With the power of radiation , I should be able to cook the potatoes through , driving off some of their excess moisture in the process .
But the results were nearly identical :
The microwaved - then - fried potatoes had an extremely thin layer of crispness .
The best way to calm the nerves after a fevered round of testing is often to try and put a number to what your mouth is feeling .
Eight years ago my mother sent me a fancy set of calipers in a vain attempt to draw me out of the dark depths of the restaurant kitchens and back to a much more sensible career like mechanical engineering or gunsmithing .
Who knew that their inaugural run would be on a couple of potatoes ?
Well mom , your gift has finally paid off .
Using the thoughtful ( and rather presumptuous ) gift , I confirmed that the crust formed on a traditional french fry , at 39/1000 ths - of - an - inch , is over twice as thick as the 17/1000 ths - of - an - inch crust formed on a fry that is only fried once :
Theory # 2 : Debunked .
The Real Solution
Turns out that the true reason double frying is necessary has nothing to do with the very center of the fry — only with its outermost layers .
The key lies in the fact that not all water in a potato is equal .
Some of it is bound within the potato 's structure more tightly then the rest , requiring more energy to expel it .
During the first fry , some of the water present in the potato evaporates and exits , allowing the oil to enter the space it was taking , and come in direct contact with the potato 's cells .
Meanwhile , water that is more tightly bound in the potato 's structure remains .
Soon , individual molecules of starch break free from larger granules with the help of the energy provided by hot oil .
These starch molecules then come in contact with the water still present in the potatoes , hydrating and forming a gel that acts as a kind of glue , reinforcing the structure of the cells around it .
Over time , as the oil works its way into the potato , a relatively thick layer of starch - reinforced cells can build up around the exterior of the potato .
This is the paper - like sheath you see around a potato that has been fried once at low temperature .
Since water maxes out at at 212 °F ( 100 °C ) , boiling a potato does not have the same effect — there is not enough energy to expel excess moisture and gelatinize the starch .
In order to confirm this , I tried par - cooking a potato in oil that I kept at exactly 212°F .
It completely failed to form the requisite sheath , producing fries that were just as frail and thin - walled as the boiled potatoes .
Only after this thick outer layer has been sufficiently built up can the potato be fried a second time at a sufficiently high temperature to drive off the last remnants water , leaving the crisp , desiccated structure behind .
And what about Theory # 3 you ask ?
Well it 's true .
There are such things as stupid questions , but in the words of Nigel Tuffnel , those are the ones that are " best left un - solved , really . "
Now , close your eyes ...
No wait — do n't close your eyes yet .
Look at this first :
When I say so , close your eyes , imagine the smell of freshly fried potatoes , the crisp , salty crackle between your teeth and the hot , saltiness on your tongue , sigh deeply and contentedly , shut off your computer , and take a 15 minute nap , letting yourself float through a golden sky of french fries with sea salt stars and fluffy white clouds of mayonnaise ...
And .... now .
Continue here for French Fries : Iteration 1 Recipe »
Get the Recipe Perfect French Fries : Iteration 1 View Recipe »
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
A new Israeli report defending the military 's conduct in the Gaza war was challenged tonight after evidence emerged apparently contradicting one of its key findings .
Israel submitted a 46 - page report to the UN on Friday saying its forces abided by international law throughout the three - week war last year .
It was meant to avert the threat of international prosecutions and to challenge a highly critical UN inquiry by South African judge Richard Goldstone , which accused both Israel and Hamas of " grave breaches " of the fourth Geneva convention , war crimes and possible crimes against humanity .
The Israeli report looked in detail at a handful of incidents , including the attack on the al - Badr flour mill in northern Gaza , which was severely damaged .
The UN mine action team , which handles ordnance disposal in Gaza , has told the Guardian that the remains of a 500 - pound Mk82 aircraft - dropped bomb were found in the ruins of the mill last January .
Photographs of the front half of the bomb have been obtained by the Guardian .
This evidence directly contradicts the finding of the Israeli report , which challenged allegations that the building was deliberately targeted and specifically stated there was no evidence of an air strike .
Goldstone , however , used the account of the air strike as a sign that Israel 's attack on the mill was not mere collateral damage , but precisely targeted and a possible war crime .
The flour mill attack was not the most serious incident of the war : although nearly 1,400 Palestinians and 13 Israelis were killed in just three weeks , no one died at the mill .
However , because it was a civilian building producing food – the only operational mill in Gaza – the incident received particular criticism from Goldstone , who concluded that the building was hit by an air strike , the attacks were " intentional and precise " , and they were " carried out for the purpose of denying sustenance to the civilian population " .
He added that the attacks violated the fourth Geneva convention and customary international law and may constitute a war crime .
In its defence , the Israeli report admitted the building had been hit by tank shells but said it was a " legitimate military target " because there were Hamas fighters " in the vicinity of the flour mill " .
It said the mill was " not a pre-planned target " and specifically denied it was hit by an air strike .
" The military advocate general did not find any evidence to support the assertion that the mill was attacked from the air using precise munitions , as alleged in the human rights council fact - finding report , " it said .
The military advocate general " found no reason " to order a criminal investigation .
But the Guardian visited the mill days after the war last year and on the first floor of the building saw what appeared to be the remains of an aircraft - dropped bomb in the burnt - out milling machinery .
The UN mine action team said it identified an aircraft - dropped bomb at the mill on 25 January last year and removed it on 11 February .
" Item located was the front half of a Mk82 aircraft bomb with 273 M fuse , " according to the team .
" The remains of the bomb were found on an upper floor in a narrow walkway between burnt - out machinery and an outside wall . "
The bomb was made safe by a technical field manager and removed .
The team also provided two photographs of what it said were the bomb remains , marked with the date and time it was identified : " 25 Jan , 14:38 " .
The team did not do a damage assessment of the building to see what other ordnance hit because that was not its task .
Asked to explain the new evidence today , the Israeli military referred the Guardian to an Israeli foreign ministry statement that summarises last week 's report and states that the military is " committed to full compliance " with the law of armed conflict and to investigating any alleged violations .
As well as the heavy death toll , the Gaza war damaged a large amount of civilian infrastructure : more than 21,000 buildings and apartments were wholly or partly destroyed , including more than 200 major factories .
The al - Badr flour mill was the largest mill in the strip , with production lines spread over five floors – each of which were hit .
Gaza 's largest concrete factory , at a different site a few miles away , was also destroyed , as were several large food processing plants .
Goldstone said the nature of the attack on the flour mill " suggests that the intention was to disable its productive capacity " and said there was no plausible justification for the extensive damage .
" It thus appears that the only purpose was to put an end to the production of flour in the Gaza Strip , " his report said .
It is not clear why Goldstone did not use evidence from the UN team in his report .
Rashad Hamada , one of two brothers who owns the mill , gave evidence at a public hearing in Gaza last June and said the mill was hit by an air strike .
He said the ­factory twice received phone calls from the Israeli military telling them to evacuate the building in the days before the strike , but the factory was not used by Hamas or other Palestinian fighters .
Both Hamada brothers possess hard - to - obtain businessmen 's permits to enter Israel and were therefore regarded as ­credible ­witnesses by the Goldstone team .
" What happened at the mill is total destruction of the whole production line of the factory , " Hamada said .
He ­estimated his losses due to the destruction were $ 2.5 m ( £ 1.7 m ) and said he believed that the mill had been targeted because it was working .
Four other flour mills in Gaza that were not operational were not targeted , he said .
" As for the targeting , it is because [ it was ] a flour mill that is ­working , " he said .
While I 'm reasonably certain we 'll find out he did n't mean it , Ben Bernanke tells Congress the Federal Reserve wo n't just make dollars to help the U.S. government pay off its debt .
From the Washington Times :
Recent events in Europe , where Greece and other nations with large , unsustainable deficits like the United States are having increasing trouble selling their debt to investors , show that the U.S. is vulnerable to a sudden reversal of fortunes that would force taxpayers to pay higher interest rates on the debt , Mr. Bernanke said .
" It 's not something that is 10 years away .
It affects the markets currently , " he told the House Financial Services Committee .
" It is possible that bond markets will become worried about the sustainability [ of yearly deficits over $ 1 trillion ] , and we may find ourselves facing higher interest rates even today . "
Mr. Bernanke for the first time addressed concerns that the impasse in Congress over tough spending cuts and tax increases needed to bring down deficits will eventually force the Fed to accommodate deficits by printing money and buying Treasury bonds — effectively financing the deficit on behalf of Congress and spurring inflation in the process .
Some economists at the International Monetary Fund and elsewhere have advocated this approach , suggesting running moderate inflation rates of 4 percent to 6 percent as a partial solution to the U.S. debt problem .
But the move runs the risk of damaging the dollar 's reputation and spawning much higher inflation that would be debilitating to the U.S. economy and living standards .
DUBLIN ’S NORTHSIDE is revealing its own Viking past with the first evidence of 11th - century Dubliners choosing to settle on the north shore of the Liffey emerging in the past week .
Clear signs of a late - 11th century – ie Viking – house have been found at a site in the Smithfield area owned by the Office of Public Works ( OPW ) .
Excavation works , commissioned and funded by the OPW , have been under way at Hammond Lane , off Church Street , since last year .
Some 17th - and 18th - century artefacts have been found since then , while evidence of a “ substantial Viking house ” was uncovered there last week , said excavation director Colm Moriarty .
National Museum director Pat Wallace said the great significance of the find lay in the location of the house north of the Liffey .
The find would be of even greater importance if it could be demonstrated the house was part of a neighbourhood and not just stand - alone .
“ If it can be established that there was a Hiberno - Norse suburb north of the Liffey , that would be hugely significant , ” said Dr Wallace .
Eleven archaeologists working onsite have dug down to reveal “ latrines and ditches ” as well as the holes in the ground into which hazel or silver - birch posts would have been thrust to make the “ walls ” of the house .
Mr Moriarty was yesterday able to point out where the 11th - century inhabitants would have entered the 7 m by 5.5 m dwelling , where they would have slept and , pointing at a discoloured patch of earth , where their hearth would have been .
“ It ’s possible they were involved in working with antlers , making combs and that sort of thing .
We have found pieces of chopped and worked antlers .
They could then maybe have sold them out on the street at the front of the house . ”
The house is a “ type one ” Viking dwelling , as originally identified by Dr Wallace during his excavations at Wood Quay in the 1970s , with three aisles or sections .
There is a central front entrance with the hearth and seating / sleeping areas on either side .
It fronts on to Church Street and sits almost adjacent to St Michan ’s Church , which also dates from the 11th century .
The street would have been a major thoroughfare into the city from the north .
“ We are also finding some evidence of a dwelling next to this one , so it does look like there was some kind of organised settlement here . ”
Mr Moriarty said the excavation was nearing completion .
There would be post - excavation analysis of the findings and he would then write up his report for the OPW .
It will be sent on to the Department of the Environment .
There were no development plans for the site , said an OPW spokesman .
“ It remains to be seen what will be done there once this is completed . ”
Sometimes renaming things can get out of hand .
It seems that too often , companies try to breathe new life into a product or brand by renaming it .
In all too many cases , however , those efforts fail to yield the desired results .
On the one side are people who think it ’s a fantastic idea ( usually this is called the ‘ Marketing Department ’ ) .
They claim that the old name had problems , gave the wrong impression or was out of touch with modern consumers .
On the other side are people who think it ’s a terrible idea .
This group is normally known as CONSUMERS .
If they are used to the old name , it can be to abandon it .
Regular users may lose faith in the product , or not even know it is the same thing and stop using it altogether .
Often , a renaming occurs when a product or service has recieved negative press coverage .
This may be a justified course of action in order to re-establish the brand .
Other times , when sales are flagging , a product name can be changed ( or chosen ) to take advantage of buzzwords and terms that the “ modern consumers ” are using .
There has been no bigger example of his than the recent “ Isnack 2.0 ″ incident in Australia , by Kraft foods .
This was a spectacularly massive fail which proved that Marketing people are very often out of touch with the very people they claim to be able to interact with – the general public .
Here are some helpful tips for any marketers who may be reading this :
– putting an “ i ” or an “ e ” in front of a word does not make it modern or futuristic
– web 2.0 is nothing more then a buzz word
– not EVERYTHING has to have a Facebook fanpage
– do not add “ TW ” to the front of your product name to try to appeal to twitter users .
( I have mentioned this before )
– social networks are about the INTERACTION , not the FOLLOWER numbers
– not every new campaign needs to be crowd - sourced .
( Try doing something yourself & stop being so lazy , ffs )
If you like zombies , then you should check out this site – Rezatron is by Reza Rasoli .
Reza makes these fun zombie inspired illustrations .
So , take a few minutes and enjoy the undead goodness .
TCA Tour : Parks and Recreation
NBC ’s “ Parks and Recreation ” suffered through a first season which impressed only a handful of viewers and critics , only to return for its second season with everyone suddenly trumpeting it as one of the funniest shows on television .
Now , this is certainly not unprecedented for shows from executive producer Greg Daniels , who endured the same fate with “ The Office , ” and when you think about it , every series has to endure a certain amount of growing pains .
But what ’s required of a show ’s creative team to take a confused show and straighten it out ?
“ Well , I think it ’s fair to say that we make some kind of change to the overall idea of the show for every episode , ” said co-creator / executive producer Michael Schur .
“ It ’s a constant process of learning what is good and what is not so good , and there is a little bit of an arbitrary pause , in that our first season is only six episodes , so that was the time that we had the most amount of time to sit around and think about what we liked and what we did n’t like .
But there was n’t , like , a ‘ Eureka !
Oh , here ’s what we do ’ moment .
It ’s just a constant kind of process of shooting episodes and writing episodes and cutting them together , seeing which way the characters seem to be developing and talking to the actors and getting their input .
I think that …again , we had this sort of weird mini season of six episodes like ‘ The Office ’ did , and then we took , whatever , four months off , so when it came back , I think there was a temptation to say , ‘ Oh , what has changed now ? ’
I would like to think that , if we had just been airing continuously , the episodes would have turned out the same way and that it would have seemed like a more gradual evolution , because I think that ’s what character comedies are all about : evolution . ”
I do n’t know about the rest of the cast , but at the very least , Nick Offerman remembers precisely when he firmly grasped his character , Ron Swanson .
“ When I was originally auditioning for the role , Mike said , ‘ I think this guy has a really big mustache , ' ” he recalled .
“ I think that was probably the moment .
I was , like , ‘ Ah , yes , I see… ' ”
Nonetheless , Ron has evolved a bit since then , something which Greg Daniels spoke to .
“ I guess it was the ethics episode in the first season where he kind of stepped up and defended Leslie , ” he said .
“ Originally , he was more of an antagonist , I think , because he was a person who did n’t believe in the mission of the department that he was in , she was so optimistic , and they were so at odds .
But then they developed a nice kind of grudging friendship , and when we saw how well that worked , we wrote towards it . ”
Amy Poehler chimed into the discussion as well , adding , “ What was discovered , too , was ( that ) Ron liked Leslie because she made his job easier . ”
“ It ’s a very symbiotic relationship at this point , ” said Schur .
“ Co-dependent , ” corrected Poehler .
With a wink and a nudge , she added , “ But we all know what those relationships are like , right ? ”
Poehler spoke to the way her character , Leslie , has changed since the beginning of the series …and , by her estimation , it is n’t by very much .
“ I think that inherently and fundamentally everything that we thought Leslie believed in and who she was stayed the same , ” she said .
“ I think there was just some small changes or maybe just revelations in where she would go , what she would do , and some of her boundaries and stuff . ”
“ I think what it is is we started off thinking that the comedy was going to come from ( the fact ) that she was going to be responsible for all the predicaments that she got into , ” said Daniels .
“ And then later we realized that it ’s just as funny and the world is just as irritating for her to be unfairly put into predicaments . ”
“ One of the keys to her personality , we always thought , was optimism , ” said Schur .
“ It turns out that it ’s hard sometimes to tell the difference as a viewer between optimism and cluelessness , and a lot of people responded to us that they thought she was kind of clueless or ditzy or something , which was never part of the conception .
Obviously , we were just presenting it a little bit incorrectly somehow , so we changed it .
We kept the optimism , and we just sort of altered the way that it presented itself in the stories , and I think that made a big difference . ”
Schur also addressed the way the characters who had previously been in the background have evolved into full - fledged “ Parks and Recreation ” players .
“ That was always a goal of ours , ” he admitted .
“ It ’s a big building , and it ’s got a big , long hallway , and we put a bunch of offices without anybody living in them on the set just because we always figured we would love to just add as many fun characters and draw them in .
There ’s this character named Kyle coming up , I think , for the fourth time , who will be a guy who just sits down at the shoeshine stand and gets his shoes shined by Andy .
Every time we ’ve needed a guy to sit down , we ’ve just written that it ’s some guy named Kyle …and now he ’ll have been on , like , three or four times by the end of the year .
And now what happens is that , in the writers ’ room , people start saying , ‘ Hey , let ’s do a Kyle story , ’ and then , suddenly , that ’s a guy who ’s in the world .
It ’s fun to sort of , like , bring actors in and sort of have them stick around and come back . ”
“ Yep , ” said Daniels .
“ Kyle ’s the new star for Season 3 . ”
Lastly , Aziz Ansari earned quite a few laughs during the course of the panel courtesy of a journalist asking him about his seeming obsession with Twitter , first by trying to completely downplay its importance .
“ I just do it when I ’m bored , like standing in line at the grocery store or something , ” he assured us .
“ It ’s just something to do .
I just like dicking around and wasting my time .
I just write dumb stuff on there when I get bored . ”
Poehler pointed out , however , that Ansari ’s show - specific Tweets tend to result in a great response .
“ People that follow Aziz obviously follow the show , ” she said , “ and when he would mention that someone was going to be on the show , for example , on his Twitter , it was a big deal .
And if I may , there ’s a recent Twitter opportunity that we turned into a promo opportunity … ”
At this , Ansari switched from shrugging to pimping .
“ Oh , yeah , ” he said , “ Questlove from The Roots was writing about our show , and on Twitter he compared our cast to the Wu - Tang Clan , which is one of the coolest things I ’ve ever read .
And he went down and , like , said each person .
Like , Leslie ’s Rizza , Tom is ODB , and it just went on .
So we made a cool video … ”
“ We wo n’t spoil it , ” interrupted Schur , “ but this week there will be a little viral video released on the Internet that capitalizes on the insane comparison of by Questlove of our cast to the Wu - Tang Clan , so look for that . ”
Look no further :
CLEVELAND , Ohio —
The 25 - year - old Cleveland woman who sat on her boyfriend and killed him was sentenced to three years of probation .
Mia Landingham , of East 79th Street , pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter .
She was arrested Aug. 15 after her boyfriend stopped breathing and she called 9 - 1 - 1 .
She told police that she had been drinking and she and Mikal Middleton - Bey , 29 , got into a fight .
She said she punched him in the face and he grabbed her .
She pushed him to the ground and got on top of him .
When she got up , he was not breathing .
He was pronounced dead at MetroHealth Medical Center at 5:46 a.m .
The coroner ruled that he was asphyxiated .
Landingham 's two children , then 6 and 4 , were taken from the home and given to other family members .
They were not injured .
Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Judge Carolyn Friedland ordered Landingham to pay $ 2,366.27 in restitution to Middleton - Bey 's family .
She must also perform 100 hours of community service and submit to random drug tests .
She and her children are being monitored by a Cuyahoga County Children and Family Services caseworker .
Landingham spent five months in jail before she was sentenced Jan. 20 .
She is 5 feet 9 and 387 pounds , according to jail records .
Q Entertainment recently tweeted about a possible PSN port of its upgraded psychedelic rail shooter music title Rez HD , asking Playstation 3 owners for their thoughts on a $ 15 price point .
The price is notably $ 5 more than that of the Xbox Live Arcade version ( released just over two years ago ) , but it appears the $ 10 tag would have to sell incredibly well for the dev to make any profit after SEGA takes its cut .
QE notes that even at $ 15 , the port does n’t stand to make a huge profit .
Though they did make mention that the game could always go down in price though never up , so whatever the potential port released at would have to be its high price point .
Reactions thus far have been mostly in favor of the game ’s PS3 availability , with many claiming they would pay the $ 15 , others point out the discrepancy in price from the 360 version .
The dev makes it clear that they have yet to commit to making the PSN version , stating “ this is no indication that it ’s happening , but we ’re researching if its feasible . ”
Va.
Senate votes to allow guns in restaurants
The Democratically - controlled Virginia Senate has voted to allow concealed weapons permit holders to carry guns in restaurants that serve alcohol , as long as the person carrying the weapon does not drink .
The gun bill passed on a 22 to 18 vote , after senators had a vigorous debate about whether or not people might have a reasonable reason to carry guns in restaurants .
The House has passed a similar bill ; Gov. Bob McDonnell ( R ) has expressed support for the measure , and is expected to sign it into law .
Both chambers also passed it last year , but Gov. Tim Kaine ( D ) vetoed it .
Sen. Emmett Hanger ( R ) , who sponsored the measure , said he was doing so on behalf of those who now violate the law that prohibits guns in such establishments rather than leave their weapons in their cars when they go out to eat .
He said this was a particular issue for women who carry guns in their purses to defend themselves when they go to , say , Red Lobster .
( That was Hanger 's example . )
Others argued guns have no place in eating establishments where alcohol is being served .
Though the bill would prohibit a weapons carrier from drinking , the opponents said it would be impossible to tell if the law was being violated if the gun was concealed .
The debate was concluded by Sen. Mary Margaret Whipple ( D ) .
" As a final comment , let me just say this .
I 've really never been afraid for my life at the Red Lobster , " she said .
Jan. 27
( 2010 - 46014 ) 7 a.m. :
What happens when you put copper wire in a microwave oven ?
Whoever ripped off Edgewater High School on Edgewater Drive may be finding out at this moment , because they took 10 rolls of the stuff and the employees ' microwave .
( 2010 -44370 ) 11:25 a.m. :
Thieves took the usual from a house in the 700 block of East Amelia Street : a flat - screen TV , two notebook computers , jewelry and money .
( 2010 - 44522 ) Noon : Someone took off with a .39 - caliber rifle , some prescription drugs and a Rolex from an apartment in the 10 block of West Princeton Street after entering " the unsecured front door of the homer , " according to police .
Maybe it 's a typo , or maybe Bart 's dad is feeling kinda empty .
Anyway , Homer gets the last bitter laugh : The Rolex was a fake .
Jan. 28
( Kissimmee PD ) : Police went after a former manager at Kangaroo Express on North Thacker Avenue , who took off in a borrowed car with $ 11,000 in scratch - off lottery tickets .
She turned herself in the next day .
( 2010 -46595 ) 1:28 p.m. : A 16 - year - old took a golf cart from Island Club Apartments on South Kirkman Road , and several police units ran him to ground at Eagle Nest Park a mile away .
We 're sure it was an epic chase .
Jan. 29
( 2010 -47297 ) 1:55 a.m. : A woman said a man on a bicycle swiped her purse on the corner of Pharr Avenue and McDevitt Street .
Police held a suspect , but the woman then said she did n't want to press charges .
( 2010 - 47538 ) 8 a.m. : Apartment burglary at 5252 Long Road .
" This is the third incident in a week at the same complex , " Officer Samuel Jones noted .
( 2010 -47835 ) 10:30 a.m. : A computer , iPod Nano and matching speakers were secured only by a window screen in a garage apartment in the 800 block of Harwood Street .
Now they 're not .
Jan. 30
( 2010 - 49364 ) 8 a.m. :
Hey , whoever smashed the glass door at ABC Fine Wine & Spirits on South Orange Avenue to swipe two bottles of Hennessy : Quit listening to Kanye .
( 2010 -49421 ) 8:25 a.m. :
Two guys came up to a cyclist in the 600 block of West Colonial Drive , waved a gun , and took his money and bicycle .
( 2010 -49879 ) 4 p.m. : A man was followed out of a Walgreens in the 5700 block of T.G. Lee Boulevard .
One guy jabbed a gun in his gut , and the other guy took two gold chains valued at $ 30,000 .
The chainless man followed the departing silver Nissan onto State Road 408 , but lost him at the Crystal Lake — Lake Underhill exit .
( 2010 - 50923 ) 8:16 p.m. : Dealer 's Choice Marine on Lakehurst Drive was a choice place from which to steal seven outboard motors .
Jan. 31
( 2010 - 50493 ) 12:12 a.m. : Sigh .
An optimistic man went to meet an " unknown female " for " drinks " in the 5200 block of North Orange Blossom Trail .
Not surprisingly , she was accompanied by a guy with a machete , who took money and an iPhone .
About that time , our hero realized something was n't going as planned .
( 2010 - 50969 ) 10 a.m. :
If you 're going to go to the risk and trouble of stealing a gun , as so many do , at least make sure it 's worth your time — like the classic original - model .45 - caliber pistol that went missing from a house in 6600 block of Queens Borough Avenue .
Feb . 1
Borough Avenue .
( 2010 - 52359 ) 1:50 a.m. : Somebody pried open a door at the Florida Spine Care Center on South Orange Avenue and carried off a 40 - inch TV .
That 's a good way to hurt your back .
( 2010 - 52811 ) 7 a.m. :
Three big air conditioners , each costing $ 10,000 , are no longer at Stone Magic on L.B. McLeod Road .
( 2010 - 52229 ) 7:25 a.m. :
More people did n't lock their cars in neighborhoods on Lake Melrose Drive , Providence Crossing Trail and Port Lancashire Drive .
Thus they lost GPS devices and other stuff .
( 2010 - 52709 ) 1:35 p.m. : Wait , it 's this easy ?
A guy walked into SunTrust Bank on South John Young Parkway , passed a note demanding cash , got some , and walked off across the road .
( 2010 - 52805 ) 2:30 p.m. :
An unknown suspect used an unknown tool to pry his or her way into the Ezekiel Masonic Club on South Tampa Avenue .
The person's or persons ' intent was unknown , because it 's not known if anything was taken .
And some people think Masons are mysterious .
Feb . 2
( 2010 - 54141 ) 11:13 a.m. :
A burglar threw a paving stone through a house window in the 7200 block of Black Bull Lane , then rummaged inside , but the resident got there in time to see him flee in a reddish car with out - of - state tags .
( 2010 - 54434 ) 2:57 p.m. : House burglars in the 1300 block of East Washington Street ransacked bedrooms and left with the easily portable $ 1,300 laptop computer .
( 2010 - 54947 ) 9:21 p.m. : Police tried to stop a van on South Kirkman Road , but the driver would n't — until he hit another cruiser at corner of MetroWest Boulevard .
He fled the smash - up on foot , but was soon caught .
jgaines@orlandoweekly.com
The Wall around Qalqiliya .
A twenty - five foot high concrete cage cuts residents off from their agricultural land , necessary for their survival , and prevents you from traveling even 5 minutes out of the City .
A single gate , open at the whims of the occupying army , controls 100,000 residents .
The most obvious historical parallel to the barrier is the Berlin Wall , which was 96 miles long ( 155 kilometers ) .
Israel ’s barrier , still under construction , is expected to reach at least 403 miles in length ( 650 kilometers ) .
The average height of the Berlin Wall was 11.8 feet ( 3.6 metres ) , compared with the maximum * current height of Israel ’s Wall — 25 feet ( 8 metres ) .
[ * it is not clear whether the shorter fence sections , about 6 meters in height , are first or final stages in Israel ’s construction of the barrier . ]
Israel ’s barrier is therefore planned to be four times as long and in places twice as high as the Berlin Wall .
UAV
At this point in time it is not known exactly what proportions of the length of the barrier is fence versus wall , or if the fence is merely a temporary state until a wall can be built in all areas but — nonetheless — the wall unquestionably represents a considerable portion of the visible manifestation of the barrier .
WIRE SERVICE IMAGES OF THE SEPARATION BARRIER
Wire service images are important at they represent part of the education of foreign and photo editors sitting in newsrooms around the world who have not actually seen the barrier with their own eyes .
With caption descriptions of the barrier ranging from “ concrete wall ” to the wonderfully inventive “ concrete fence ” of AFP ’s Yoav Lemmer , a large number of images from the wire services make it absolutely clear that the barrier is not merely or entirely a “ fence ” .
The original AFP caption attached to the bottom right image includes some editorialising , claiming the barrier was built to “ stop Palestinian terrorists from entering Israel ” , with no mention of what effect it has on the farmers and residents of Qalqiliya .
As you read the captions , and look at the photos , it ’s hard to ignore what is in front of your eyes .
This structure is clearly no “ fence ” .
Original caption : A foreign activist from the International Solidarity Movement organization sprays graffitti to the cement - blocks wall erected by Israel , during a demonstration against the wall , in the northern West Bank town of Qalqilya Thursday July 31 , 2003 .
Protesters splashed the separation barrier with balloons filled with green , black , red and white paint — the colors of the Palestinian flag — and hoisted a banner calling the fence , which Israel says was built for its security , an apartheid wall .
( AP Photo / Lefteris Pitarakis )
Original caption : Palestinian farmers tend to their aubergine crop in the shadow of a concrete wall erected across their land by the Israeli army to stop Palestinian militants slipping into Israel from the West Bank city of Qalqilya July 7 , 2003 .
Palestinians fear the barrier , consisting of walls and electronic fences now stretching around 150 kms ( 90 miles ) , will dash their dream of a viable state in the West Bank , the goal of a new U.S. - backed peace plan .
( Reuters / Mahfouz Abu Turk )
Original caption :
An aerial view shows the construction site of the security fence which will seperate Israel from the West Bank , near the West Bank city of Tulkarm , July 30 , 2003 .
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has told U.S. President George W. Bush that Israel will keep building a West Bank security fence despite U.S. concerns the barrier could block Middle East peacemaking .
( REUTERS / Reinhard Krause )
Original caption :
The concrete fence erected by Israel alongside the West Bank town of Qalqiliya to stop Palestinian terrorists from entering Israel .
The Israeli defence ministry announced the completion of the first section of the barrier .
( AFP / File / Yoav Lemmer )
SEMANTIC PROBLEMS RELATING TO THE STRUCTURE OF THE BARRIER
Typically , Israeli terminology is favored in US reportage of the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
In Hebrew , the word for fence is gader .
Consequently , the preferred Israeli terminology for the barrier is gader hafradeh ( “ separation fence ” ) .
The Hebrew words for wall are qir and chomah .
The former is mostly used for structures and buildings ; the latter for protective fortifications — the formulation chosen by Israeli activist organisation Gush Shalom .
Either of them would be more appropriate for this particular structure .
The semantic problems posed by the use of the word “ fence ” , in either language , are enormous :
fence ( n. ) 1 .
A structure serving as an enclosure , a barrier , or a boundary , usually made of posts or stakes joined together by boards , wire , or rails .
wall ( n. ) 1 .
An upright structure of masonry , wood , plaster , or other building material serving to enclose , divide , or protect an area , especially a vertical construction forming an inner partition or exterior siding of a building .
2 . A continuous structure of masonry or other material forming a rampart and built for defensive purposes .
Often used in the plural .
4 . ( a ) Something resembling a wall in appearance , function , or construction .
Source : American Heritage English Dictionary ( irrelevant definitions deleted )
To characterise the structure as a “ fence ” without referencing its other features is highly misleading .
The route of the wall
Similarly , looking at the route of Israel ’s Wall , it is clear that the wall does not run along the Green Line that separates Israel proper from the West Bank but rather runs through the West Bank , on Palestinian land .
A Palestinian - compiled map of the Israeli barrier plans from the Palestinian Hydrology Group and the Land Research Center .
EI altered the legend text for greater clarity .
ABBAS ’ , BUSH’S AND SHARON ’S WORD CHOICES WHEN CHARACTERISING THE SEPARATION BARRIER
Above : President George W. Bush and Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas hold a joint press conference in the Rose Garden Friday , July 25 , 2003 .
“ To break through old hatreds and barriers to peace , the Middle East needs leaders of vision and courage and a determination to serve the interest of their people .
Mr. Abbas is the first Palestinian Prime Minister , and he is proving to be such a leader , ” said President Bush .
( White House / Paul Morse )
US
“ cannot be realized if Israel continues to grab Palestinian land .
If the settlement activities in Palestinian land and construction of the so - called separation wall on confiscated Palestinian land continue , we might soon find ourselves at a situation where the foundation of peace , a free Palestine state , living side - by - side in peace and security in Israel is a factual impossibility .
Nothing less than a full settlement freeze will do because nothing less than a full settlement freeze will work .
For the sake of peace , and for the sake of future Palestinian and Israeli generations , all settlement activities must be stopped now , and the wall must come down . ”
( Source : White House Transcript )
Above : President George W. Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon laugh together during their joint press conference in the Rose Garden Tuesday , July 29 , 2003 .
( White House / Paul Morse )
Bush : During his earlier meeting with Abbas , Bush commented on the barrier , saying :
“ I think the wall is a problem , and I discussed this with Ariel Sharon .
It is very difficult to develop confidence between the Palestinians and the Israel — Israel — with a wall snaking through the West Bank . ”
Bush additionally characterised the barrier twice during the meeting with Abbas as a “ fence ” , the sole word he used when Sharon was present .
Following Sharon ’s speech , during the media question time , an Israeli journalist present challenged President Bush on his earlier use of the word “ wall ” , asking :
“ Mr. President , what do you expect Israel to do in practical terms in regarding the separation fence that you call the wall ?
Due to the fact that this is one of the most effective measure against terrorism , can you clarify what do you oppose — the concept of the separation fence , or only its roots ? ”
Bush ’s answer displayed far less resolve on the matter than during the meeting with Palestinian Prime Minister Abbas just four days previously :
“ Look , the fence is a sensitive issue , I understand .
And the Prime Minister made it very clear to me that it was a sensitive issue .
And my promise to him is we ’ll continue to discuss and to dialogue how best to make sure that the fence sends the right signal that not only is security important , but the ability for the Palestinians to live a normal life is important , as well . ” ( Source : White House Transcript )
Nonetheless , politicking aside , Bush did acknowledge during the course of the two meetings that he recognised that part of the structure was a “ wall ” even if he only used this word interchangably with ‘ fence ’ when the Israelis were not around .
He also acknowledged that its path was “ snaking through the West Bank , ” which maps of the wall depict unambiguously .
MEDIA REPORTAGE OF THE SEPARATION BARRIER
With the US President acknowledging both the physical structure and path of the Separation Barrier and the photographs and maps of the Wall available on the wire services available to the US media , one would be tempted to imagine that journalists would notice a few obvious facts .
First , that the Separation Barrier is very possibly a wall under construction — with some areas having both fence and wall , and other areas still with just a fence ( perhaps the first stage of a wall ) .
And second , that its path does not run along the Green Line between the West Bank ( which the internatonal community considers to be occupied Palestinian territory ) and Israel — but actually inside the West Bank , on Palestinian land .
The barrier ranges from 30 to 150 meters wide in places , a considerable loss of land .
According to Palestinian environmental umbrella organisation PENGON , as of April 2003 , “ some 14,680 dunums of land have been razed for the footprint of the Wall , including the uprooting of over 102,000 trees . ”
When completed , 95,000 Palestinians or 4.5 % of West Bank population will be isolated and 200,000 Palestinians in East Jerusalem will be totally isolated from the rest of the West Bank .
A joint Israeli government / Settlers Council ( YESHA ) proposal to modify the route of the Wall will isolate another 110,000 Palestinians to reach a total of 400,000 isolated , including those in East Jerusalem , on the Israeli side of the Wall or within a completely isolated section .
Needless to say , as regular readers of The Electronic Intifada ’s Coverage Trends section will be painfully aware , the US media seems unable to recognise basic realities that fuel and perpetuate the conflict , thus leaving the citizens that these newspapers , magazines , and electronic media purport to inform in the dark .
The day of Bush ’s speech during Abbas ’ visit , The Washington Post website published an article ( “ Bush Criticizes Israeli Fence ” , July 25th ) , which noted : “ President Bush criticized Israel ’s efforts to build a fence separating Palestinians and Israelis on the West Bank yesterday , saying it is ‘ a problem ’ that makes it ‘very difficult to develop confidence between the Palestinians and Israel ’ ” , choosing to emphasise Bush ’s use of the word “ fence ” rather than “ wall ” .
While noting at least that the barrier included both fence and wall components , the Post ’s preferred choice of word is apparent when the frequency of appearance is noted :
“ The decision by the Bush administration to press the fence issue appears to have taken the Israeli government by surprise .
The fence , which is a high concrete wall in some areas and an electronic wire fence elsewhere , has emerged as a key concern for Palestinians , who contend that Israel is using the fence to draw the contours of Palestinian state that would be limited to 45 percent of the West Bank territory .
But the fence is not formally mentioned in the U.S. - backed peace plan known as the road map , which is supposed to guide negotiations . ”
CNN has had some problems as well over the entirety of the last year , with multiple reports on the website referring to the barrier only as a “ fence ” and various claims that the barrier runs between the West Bank and Israel :
“ Israel ’s government insists the fence — which will stretch along the border between Israel and the West Bank — is meant only to provide security , not to form a border . ”
( Source : “ Israel building fence along West Bank ” , CNN.com ,18 June 2002 ) “ Israelis say the huge fence system being built along their border with the West Bank will give them more security .
Palestinians say the construction of the barrier system will take some of their land . ”
( Source : “ Opposing views of West Bank fence ” , CNN.com , 3 July 2003 )
Following effective intervention by at least one correspondent , the text of recent articles on CNN ’s website was updated to reflect the realities and hi-tech nature of the structure , although CNN ’s graphic of the barrier remains deeply flawed , including the delineation “ ISRAEL ” appearing over the occupied West Bank :
A part - time Penn State University student arrested while protesting the construction of a security fence between Israel and Palestinian territories is back in the United States , officials said . ”
Reuters was less confused , careful to both attribute the source of the terminology to the sides using them in the conflict and the location of the wall :
“ Israel pushed ahead Wednesday with construction of a security barrier in the West Bank despite Palestinian dismay and Secretary of State Colin Powell ’s pledge to keep pressing on the issue .
President Bush failed in talks Tuesday to persuade Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to stop building what Israel says is a security fence and Palestinians call a new “ Berlin Wall . ”
And noting it ’s makeup :
“ But continued construction of the security barrier — a concrete wall in some place and a metal fence topped with razor wire in others — stoked resentment among ordinary Palestinians . ”
( Source : “ Israel Builds Security Barrier Despite Outcry ” , Reuters , 30 July 2003 ) .
In this Israeli - Palestinian conflict version of “ Is it a bird ?
Is it a plane ?
No , it ’s Superman ! ” multi-perspective confusion — as the issue flies across our screens before we can grasp hold of what exactly it is — we are once again cautioned to pay close attention to the language used by the media compared with the actual realities described .
Journalism has the potential , like teargas , to blind and disperse while the horrors of history elude us .
As Israel fails to learn the lessons that normal people in East and West Berlin ultimately taught the world on 9 November 1989 , we should pay attention to these same people in Palestine , currently living in an increasingly caged environment , watching their land daily swallowed up as Israel rushes to put new facts on the ground while we struggle to keep in focus the fast pace of history — and the even faster pace of Israel ’s confiscation of Palestinian land .
Related Links
Israel ’s West Bank Barrier : Semantics on the Internet , Nigel Parry ( 4 March 2004 ) -
This article explores the various terms used for the Wall and examines their semantic implications in light of the realities of the structure on the ground .
GRAND RAPIDS --
Allowing medical marijuana sales from the homes of those who grow is preferable to allowing stand - alone marijuana dispensaries , City Planning Director Suzanne Schulz said Thursday .
" We are going to have people doing it anyway , " Schultz told the city 's Planning Commission .
The commission tabled the matter , vowing to discuss it next month despite several members who said they were aghast at the prospect of allowing marijuana distribution in neighborhoods .
" Obviously it 's an emotional issue , " Commission Vice Chairman Paul Potter said .
" We have to educate ourselves or we will make a decision that is not fact - based . "
Schulz said her proposal to allow home distribution would allow the city to outlaw larger dispensaries that could cause problems .
State law approved last year allows distribution by state - licensed caregivers who are limited to five patients each .
Caregivers are allowed to raise 12 marijuana plants for each one of their patients .
Not allowing home distribution would open the city to accusations it was illegally outlawing a legitimate business , Schulz said .
The state law allows licensed caregivers to supply marijuana to patients who get recommendations from medical doctors for a handful of diseases such as AIDs , chemotherapy reactions and seizures .
To date , the state has issued 6,125 medical marijuana patient registrations and has registered 2,572 caregivers , according to the Michigan Department of Community Health .
The ordinance proposed by Schulz also would allow distribution from pharmacies , medical clinics or doctors ' offices .
Although pharmacists and doctors are barred from distributing marijuana by federal law , Schulz said the ordinance would allow caregivers to use their facilities for distribution .
The ordinance also could accommodate possible changes in federal law , she said .
The Grand Rapids Police Department is opposed to having marijuana dispensaries in residential neighborhoods , Sgt. Holly Botts said .
But complying with the law will be difficult for police because they wo n't be able to determine which marijuana distributors are legitimate , said Botts , who works in the vice unit .
" The law is very gray , " she said .
" Trust me , every agency in the state is encountering things they do n't have answers for .
Botts said most police agencies are basing their concern on California 's 12 years of experience with legalized medical marijuana .
" They have an ungodly number of dispensaries , " she said .
" Our concern is getting a grip on it before it gets out of control . "
Olon Tucker , owner of the Medical Marijuana Learning Center , told commissioners he wants to create a business educating caregivers and patients .
Limiting medical marijuana to pharmacies and clinical settings would deny business opportunities in what has become a billion - dollar industry in California , he said .
E-mail Jim Harger : jharger@grpress.com
AIGA brings design to the world , and the world to designers .
As the profession ’s oldest and largest professional membership organization for design — with more than 70 chapters and more than 18,000 members — we advance design as a professional craft , strategic advantage , and vital cultural force .
From content that defines the global practice to events that connect and catalyze , we work to enhance the value and deepen the impact of design across all disciplines on business , society , and our collective future .
You belong at AIGA
From design fans to the profession ’s leading practitioners , AIGA members come from all backgrounds , all fields , and all levels of experience — from all around the world .
Whether you ’re a design enthusiast , student , freelance designer , in - house designer , design educator , design thinker , or a business owner , AIGA is here to welcome you into the wider world of design .
Join AIGA now or upgrade your membership to get access to a vibrant design community and exclusive benefits .
Who we are and what we do
As the largest community of design advocates and practitioners , we :
Questions ?
Read the FAQs , contact us , see the latest news from AIGA , or connect with @AIGAdesign on :
To view AIGA 's most recent annual report , please click here .
To view updated AIGA 990 documents , please click here .
Should we still buy dictionaries ?
( My quest for the elusive Zyjgyduf )
Two months ago I wrote in an article I wrote about how to build a better vocabulary , I recommended buying a good dictionary – only to realize that I no longer possessed one !
I have always been a dictionary fiend , but especially become one while teaching in Eastern Europe , where a good English dictionary was still a rare and valuable object .
I remember the joy in my supervisor ’s voice when I arranged for him to receive a brand new version of American Heritage Dictionary ( AHD ) .
I have fond memories of reaching underneath my bed for the dictionary , looking up a common - but - unclear word like scalloped and closing the book with a precise understanding of the word .
But I had already given away my dictionary and afterwards , well , there was this thing called the Internet , and suddenly dictionaries become bulky and extraneous fetish objects mainly found in haunts for Luddites and retired people .
Should I be recommending that people buy dictionaries anymore ?
Purely for nostalgia reasons I decided to buy a new dictionary , and after reading this wonderful review of the New Oxford American dictionary ( NOAD ) , I dared to think the unthinkable : has an upstart dictionary unseated American Heritage ’s position as the best and most practical English dictionary in the world ?
I made a trek to the local Barnes and Noble to do comparison shopping .
If there ’s one thing a brick - and - mortar bookstore would be good for , it would be for comparing dictionaries ( the books ’ heft added substantial shipping charges when purchased online ) .
Both dictionaries were at my Barnes and Noble ( thankfully ) , but both were wrapped in tight plastic — heaven forbid that anyone would actually want to flip through their pages at the store !
What was the bookstore afraid of — that word pirates would sneak into the store and pilfer some definitions without paying ?
So I went home and did what I should have done in the first place .
I went to Amazon.com and used the preview function to compare the NOAD with the AHD .
I had expected AHD to win hands down , but even though AHD was nicer to look at and had in - depth discussions about certain words and grammatical points , I actually preferred NOAD for its better etymologies and its secondary definitions .
So I order NOAD used on Amazon.com for $ 25 .
Let me tell you ; I love it .
And imagine my delight upon finding a CD for an electronic version for Windows mobile in the front cover .
This version did n’t include any updates and the interface was sort of weird ( in an age where you are used to Google ’s ajaxy magic anticipating your words before you actually think of them ) but still functional .
The problem of course was this pesky Internet thing .
As wonderful as NOAD is , it ’s never going to keep up with online editions ( especially with a dwindling number of customers ) .
Even though older public domain dictionaries still suck and wiktionary is still pretty basic , online definitions have been improving .
If you type definition : iatragonic in the google search box , you will receive an ad - free list of dictionary definitions from various sites .
( Do you remember those horrifying Internet days where going to a dictionary site meant having to endure popups and animated ads ?
those days are long behind us ) .
After buying the NOAD , I compared my online dictionary experience with my old - fashioned 20th century dictionary experience .
Again , let me repeat : NOAD is outstanding .
Definitions are much fuller and better than any one dictionary definition online , but they just do n’t compare with google ’s ability to aggregate definitions from several different sources onto a single page .
On occasion , I ’ve relied on wikipedia entries for a word which describe the background of a word much better than any dictionary ever would — see exclave and ( more humorously ) merkin .
The NOAD definitions were excellent , but the wikipedia ’s explanations were better .
The only time when a dictionary was better than Google definitions was when I wanted to learn how to pronounce the word Swedenborgian .
Actually though , I just checked dictionary.com for the same word and heard a computerized pronunciation of the word .
That ’s nice , except that NOAD and dictionary .com offered contradictory pronounciations .
Now what ?
Here are some other things to consider in the digital vs. print debate .
As a high school student I used to write unfamiliar words on the back cover of a book ( and look them up in the dictionary later ) .
I was preparing for the SAT , but the habit stuck with me .
With ebooks , I have nowhere to store these unfamiliar words ; even if I bookmarked the words , they are not easily accessible ( nor are they easy to transfer to a centralized word list ) .
Quite by accident I have started keeping a word list on my blog and linking to the best online definition .
This has the advantage of letting me access my word list from any computer and watch the list accumulate over time ( and impress random readers ) .
It certainly works for me , but at the same time it ’s kludgy .
Should n’t some app developer be able to store word lookups from your iPad or Stanza or Kindle and upload them to some website ?
Also , would n’t it be great if you could preview hard words from an ebook before you start reading ?
That would be helpful for reading a book in a second language ( for example ) .
In the ebook world , content creators on mobileread have complained about epub ’s inadequacy about supporting dictionaries .
Here ’s Nate the Great ’s great xml - based proposal for implementing dictionary definitions in epub .
Finally I would like to tell you about my first encounter with a dictionary .
It was Cat in the Hat ’s Beginner Dictionary by Dr. Seuss ( actually P.D. Eastman , author of the critically acclaimed bestseller Are you my Mother ? )
This pictorial dictionary for children was silly and mostly useless , but I regarded it as a serious dictionary until I came to the letter Z .
The Z section only had 4 Z words ( zebra , zipper zoo ) , but the last Z word really threw me : Zyjgyduf .
Unlike the other words , I had never heard of this one and could n’t even pronounce it .
What did it mean ?
A screenshot is unavailable , but I can describe the accompanying illustration ( which was the largest in the entire book ) .
It was a large nest filled with about 20 small birds with beaks open .
Underneath was the caption : A Zyjgyduf of birds .
I was only 7 , but I went to the library and consulted several gigantic adult dictionaries to learn more about this mysterious Zyjgyduf word .
Finally , with the librarian ’s help , I found Dr. Seuss ’s mailing address and wrote him a letter asking for a clearer definition .
But Dr. Seuss never wrote me back .
That stuck - up bastard .
Britain's top weather experts are to crack down on rogue forecasters who sell substandard predictions of sunny periods and heavy showers .
The Royal Meteorological Society ( RMS ) says it wants to protect the public from unqualified firms that issue sloppy forecasts to people planning events such as weddings and holidays .
Experts say the number of such companies has grown rapidly recently , and the society is worried their poor predictions could undermine already shaky public confidence in weather forecasts .
Dr Liz Bentley , head of communications at the RMS , said : " There are cowboy operators out there .
Lots of people have set up on the web and push forecasts out , but not only do they have poor - quality data , their people are not qualified . "
The society is working with several large forecast firms to draw up voluntary standards for the industry .
" We want to set a minimum bar that people have to meet , to make sure the public can have confidence in weather forecasters , " Bentley said .
" The level wo n't be that hard to meet .
We do n't want to squeeze out newcomers and minimise commercial activity , but we have a duty to protect people .
We have to get the balance right . "
The society is still examining how its plan would work , but one option is a kitemark - style badge that approved forecasters could display .
Chris Blowes , director of forecast firm Weather Commerce , which is involved with the planned RMS standards , said : " There are now lots of amateurs in this game who are very good at IT and can come up with all sorts of kinky websites that produce automatic forecasts , but they 're being a bit naughty , really , as you could n't use those forecasts to plan anything . "
Many sites source their weather data from the US National Weather Service , which must place them into the public domain under federal laws .
Blowes says : " There is a difference between weather data and a weather forecast .
You can have as much numerical data as you want , but if you can't turn it into a reliable forecast then you should n't be in this game . "
Pete Inness , a lecturer at the Department of Meteorology at Reading University , said the results from a single weather centre , such as the US service , are not always reliable .
" Each has its own [ weather ] model that can produce a slightly different forecast and at other times can produce very different forecasts , " he said .
" If five or six models all say the same thing , then you can have quite a lot of confidence in your forecast .
But sometimes three can say one thing and another three say something totally different . "
Forecasters must then step in to make sense of the conflicting information .
Bentley says the planned RMS standards will ensure that forecasters must demonstrate these skills , perhaps through a NVQ qualification .
Those who work on high - altitude weather for airlines must already hold professional chartered status .
The RMS move follows reports that the BBC could drop an underperforming Met Office , which wrongly predicted a " barbecue summer " , from its bulletins and has invited other forecasters to bid for the contract for the first time .
One source at a rival company said : " We do n't think the BBC will ditch the Met Office , but this is a warning for them to get their act together . "
Inness says that short - term forecasts are generally better than the public believe .
" The problem is that people do n't really listen to the weather forecast properly .
It comes on at the end of the news and it's on in the background like wallpaper .
They might hear the odd word like snow , but unless they are really paying attention they can very easily get the wrong end of the stick . "
Oh man , does the hack proceed apace .
I really have n't had time to write about it all , but stories do n't tell themselves , so it 's back behind the megaphone for me .
Guile is doing well , with the monthly release train still on the roll .
Check the latest news entries for the particulars of the past ; but here I 'd like to write about a couple aspects of the present .
First , case - lambda .
The dilly here is that sometimes you want a procedure that can take N or M arguments .
For example , Scheme 's write can be invoked as :
( write " Hi. " ( current - output - port ) ) =| " Hi . "
( =| means " prints " , in the same way that => means " yields " . )
But actually you can omit the second argument , because it defaults to the current output port anyway , and just do :
( write " Hi . " ) =| " Hi . "
Well hello .
So the question : how can one procedure take two different numbers of arguments -- how can it have two different arities ?
The standard answer in Scheme is the " rest argument " , as in " this procedure has two arguments , and put the rest in the third . "
The syntax for it is not very elegant , because it introduces improper lists into the code :
( define ( foo a b . c ) ( format #t " ~a ~a ~a
" a b c ) ) ( foo 1 2 3 4 ) =| 1 2 ( 3 4 )
You see that 1 and 2 are apart , but that 3 and 4 have been consed into a list .
Rest args are great when your procedure really does take any number of arguments , but if the true situation is that your procedure simply takes 1 or 2 arguments , you end up with code like this :
( define my - write ( lambda ( obj . rest ) ( let ( ( port ( if ( pair ? rest ) ( car rest ) ( current - output - port ) ) ) ) ( write obj port ) ) ) )
It 's ugly , and it 's not expressive .
What 's more , there 's a bug in the code above -- that you can give it 3 arguments and it does not complain .
And even more than that , it actually has to allocate memory to store the rest argument , on every function call .
( Whole - program analysis can recover this , but that is an entirely different kettle of fish . )
The solution to this is case - lambda , which allows you to have one procedure with many different arities .
( define my - write ( case - lambda ( ( obj port ) ( write obj port ) ) ( ( obj ) ( my - write obj ( current - output - port ) ) ) ) )
implementation
You can implement case - lambda in terms of rest arguments , with macros .
Guile did so for many years .
But you do n't get the efficiency benefits that way , and all of your tools still assume functions only have one arity .
Probably the first time you make a VM , you encode the arity of a procedure into the procedure itself , in some kind of header .
Then the opcodes that do calls or tail - calls or what - have - you check the procedure header against the number of arguments , to make sure that everything is right before transferring control to the new procedure .
Well with case - lambda that 's not a good idea .
Actually if you think a bit , there are all kinds of things that procedures might want to do with their arguments -- optional and keyword arguments , for example .
( I 'll discuss those shortly . )
Or when you are implementing Elisp , and you have a rest argument , you should make a nil - terminated list instead of a null - terminated list .
Et cetera .
Many variations , and yet the base case should be fast .
The answer is to make calling a procedure very simple -- just a jump to the new location .
Then let the procedure that 's being called handle its arguments .
If it 's a simple procedure , then it 's a simple check , or if it 's a case - lambda , then you have some dispatch .
Indeed in Guile 's VM now there are opcodes to branch based on the number of arguments .
So much for the VM ; what about the compiler and the toolchain ?
For the compiler it 's got its ups and downs .
Instead of a < lambda > that just has its arguments and body , it now has no arguments , and a < lambda - case > as its body .
Each lambda - case has an " alternate " , the next one in the series .
More complicated .
Then you have the debugging information about the arities .
The deal here is that there are parts of a procedure that have arities , probably contiguous parts , and there are parts that have no arity at all .
For example , program counter 0 in most procedures has no arity -- no bindings have been made from the arguments to local variables -- because the number of arguments has n't been checked yet .
And if that check fails , you 'll want to show those arguments on your stacktrace .
Complication there too .
And the introspection procedures , like procedure - arguments and such , all need to be updated .
On the plus side , and this is a big plus , now there is much more debugging information available .
Argument names for the different case - lambda clauses , and whether they are required or rest arguments -- and also optional and keyword arguments .
This is nice .
So for example my - write prints like this :
#< program my - write ( obj port ) | ( obj ) >
So yeah , Guile does efficient multiple - arity dispatch now , and has the toolchain to back it up .
Next up , efficient optional and keyword arguments .
Tata for now !
SAN DIEGO --
The slashing , dazzling runs came less frequently .
The yards did n't pile up as easily as in previous seasons .
LaDainian Tomlinson was slowing down because of injuries and age , becoming less and less the face of the franchise as his role was reduced in a pass - happy offense .
On Monday , he was released by the San Diego Chargers , a franchise he helped revive with a brilliant nine - year run in which he became one of the NFL 's greatest running backs .
At age 30 and with declining numbers , Tomlinson has been anticipating his release for the past month .
" It was a long time coming , but I knew it was coming , " Tomlinson said , according to SI.com .
" Now that it 's official I can kind of look to the next step in my career and playing football for someone else . "
Tomlinson ranks eighth on the all - time rushing list with 12,490 yards .
His 138 career rushing touchdowns rank second , and his 153 total touchdowns rank third .
He was the NFL's MVP in 2006 , when he set single - season records with 31 touchdowns and 186 points .
Tomlinson won the NFL 's rushing title in 2006 and '07 .
" I told him that in the 26 years that I 've been in this
business , it was probably the hardest thing I 've had to do , " team
president Dean Spanos told The Associated Press .
" I 'm not close to
a lot of the players , but there 's a handful that I 've been close
with , and he 's probably the closest .
It was really difficult to
tell him .
But out of respect , I wanted to tell him earlier rather
than later . "
General manager A.J. Smith called it " a tough day , a sad day for everybody in the organization .
But it 's always tough to part ways with great players who helped you win games .
It 's not a pleasant day , but we 're working through it . "
" He was one of the greatest players and people that I 've ever had a chance to be around and he will be missed , " outside linebacker Shawne Merriman said in an e-mail to The Associated Press .
Tomlinson , who turned 30 last summer , was injured early in the 2009 season and finished with 730 yards on 223 carries for an average of 3.3 yards per carry , all career lows .
The Syntax is strong with this one
Posted February 18 , 2010 at 7:00 pm
Another grammar joke so of course Bill had to be involved .
We knew the audience for this kind of joke was limited so we added the Star Wars slant to further nerd it up .
John is reading " The Mystic Arts of Erasing All Signs of Death : A Novel
Juventus have identified Rafael Benítez as the man to replace Ciro Ferrara as manager and hope to capitalise on the Spaniard 's frustration with financial constraints at Liverpool with an imminent approach for his services .
Ferrara is close to the sack following a run of six defeats in eight games , the ­latest courtesy of a ­stoppage - time ­winner by the former ­Liverpool defender John Arne Riise for Roma , and officials at the Turin club have drawn up a list of ­possible ­replacements for the inexperienced coach .
Liverpool 's manager is understood to head their list and will be formally invited to join Juventus once ­Ferrara has departed , although Benítez could delay his ­appointment until the summer should he choose to accept .
Benítez is aware of the Italians ' interest and his agent , Manuel Garcia Quilon , last night refused to rule out the possibility of a stunning departure from Anfield .
" Benítez to Juventus ?
In football you never know , " Quilon said .
" I do n't know what will happen in four to five months .
In football everything changes quickly , but the basic principle is that Rafa still has a four - year contract with Liverpool . "
Benítez 's agent insisted , however , that a move to Juventus is not a fait accompli .
Quilon added : " Right now , that hypothesis is not correct , because he is a very important figure [ at Anfield ] .
The idols of the fans are [ Steven ] Gerrard , [ Fernando ] Torres , and Benítez . "
With the gamble on Ferrara yet to pay dividends Juventus want a more experienced , proven coach to take control at Stadio delle Alpi .
The coveted Guus Hiddink , whose uncertain future as Russia coach has placed several Premier League clubs including Liverpool on alert , priced himself out of a move to Turin by demanding £ 3 m to reprise his Chelsea ­fire - fighting role from last season and take charge until the end of this campaign , plus a £ 6 m - a - year salary thereafter .
Benítez earns around £ 4 m a year basic at Anfield under the terms of the five - year contract he signed last March .
Juventus may struggle to match those terms but Benítez could earn more net in Italy on a reduced contract , given the 50 % tax rate that comes into effect in Britain in April .
While Benítez , a fluent Italian speaker who cites the former Milan coach Arrigo Sacchi as his tactical role - model , has been fiercely loyal to Liverpool he has become increasingly dismayed at the impact of the club 's substantial debt on his squad .
The 49 - year - old is acutely aware that the problems caused by the ownership of Tom Hicks and George Gillett will ultimately affect his reputation , indeed he has attracted fierce criticism for a poor season , and there is a sense a move to a club of Juventus ' standing may suit all parties .
The Liverpool hierarchy intend to review Benítez 's position at the end of this campaign , one that has brought an early exit from the Champions League , FA Cup , Carling Cup and no Premier League title challenge , but cannot afford the maximum £ 16 m he could claim if sacked .
Hicks and Gillett would not face such a crippling bill should their manager walk away , although they hope to improve the club 's finances with new investment in the coming months .
With his job under pressure Benítez may view Juventus as a welcome release , even though the Italians ' hierarchy is also beset by problems .
Luciano Moggi , the former director general who was disgraced in the Calciopoli scandal , launched an outspoken attack on the club president Jean - Claude Blanc yesterday , saying : " Juventus are paying the price for the inadequacy and incompetence of their directors " .
Several Italian newspapers are reporting that , should Benítez accept the ­Juventus offer , Hiddink would replace the Spaniard at Anfield .
They include La Stampa , which is owned by the Exor investment company and whose chairman , John Elkann , is also vice - chairman of Juventus and the grandson of the club 's late former owner , Gianni Agnelli .
Last week Liverpool officials rejected claims by Hiddink 's agent that they had made an approach for the Dutchman .
Benítez 's transfer strategy has stalled in recent days with Ryan Babel remaining at the club despite earlier attempts to offload him , Sunderland 's Kenwyne Jones priced out of his reach and no answer , as yet , on the pre-contract offers made to strikers Milan Jovanovic of Standard Liège and Bordeaux 's Marouane Chamakh .
On the eve of tonight 's Premier League visit to Wolves , where Gerrard will return from a hamstring injury , Benítez admitted he does not expect to see any of the money Hicks will raise through the £ 350 m sale of his Texas Rangers baseball franchise .
He also confirmed the club 's balancing act in the transfer market is an attempt to entice new investors to Anfield .
" I do n't think so , no , " Benítez said of Hicks 's windfall .
" We are now run like a company and they are another company .
It is a different thing .
The majority of clubs are now run like companies .
You have to think about football and business , both things together .
This year we have done a fantastic job trying to balance the books and to do the right job for the company .
In football , we had to take some risks and we have to improve now on the pitch .
" This year we have had to sell if we want to buy and keep things level .
That 's part of the risk , and sometimes it has gone well and sometimes less well .
If people can see the club is healthy , it 'll be easier to bring in investors . "
Why Choose Novori ?
Best diamond prices online Free FedEx shipping to the USA
No risk 30 day money back guarantee
All engagement rings are made in the USA Registered with the Better Business Bureau Huge selection of high quality diamonds More Reasons >>
Customer Testimonials
Robert
View More
Package received ... ring is BEAUTIFUL !
Thanks you for the expedited delivery .
I 'll look to you when we 're ready to buy our wedding bands ( saw a couple I really liked ) .
Thanks again for the excellent service , ...
Patrick
View More
I received your package this morning .
The comunication , service and delivery were outstanding .
The diamond looks like a dream .
Thank you again for all your help ....
Esteban
View More
Warren & I would like to thank all of you involved in assisting us with the purchase of our engagement ring .
It was very professional and timely considering our travel plans and was thorough to ...
Anastasia & Warren
View More
Ring arrived today .
It looks amazing , Thank you for the hard work to get it together and shipped to me so quickly .
Let 's hope she says yes !...
Paul
View More
I am pleased to inform you that I received yesterday the engagement ring .
It is beautiful - excellent job .
Thank you so much .
I will recommend your website ....
Jean
View More
We wanted to thank you for the spectacular and stunning job on our wedding bands , as well as my engagement ring !
The quality of the diamonds Novori offers are truly magnificent !
The way that the ...
Michael & Barbara
View More
Just a quick Thank You .
The ring is perfect and the service was even better !
Delivered , as promised and on time .
I wish all of my purchasing experiences were as good .
Thanks ....
Terry
View More
The engagement ring ordered by Robert has arrived in Kuwait and found it 's permanent home on my finger .
I wanted to say thank you for the beautiful work .
This ring is gorgeous !...
Tammy
View More
I do buy a lot online , but I research and review countless hours .
I wanted a jeweler with superior craftsmanship and experience , while also having a selection that was unlike anything I saw locally .
I ...
Anthony
View More
Received rings .
Wanted you to know that you did an excellent job making and packing the rings .
The look on my fiancee 's face was worth every cent .
Bookmarked your web page so I ...
Eddie
View More
I wanted to drop you a line to let you know how satisfied I have been with your products and service .
I ordered both my fiance 's engagement ring and my wedding band from Novori ...
Vince
View More
Thank you we received the rings today and they are stunning .
You have exceeded our expectations and I appreciate your wonderful service .
Craig has already forwarded your website via email to two different friends who ...
Cynthia
View More
I recently purchased an engagement ring through your site .
I just wanted to say thank you for providing such a wonderful product at such a great price .
I searched numerous web sites and yours was ...
Kendall
View More
I 've already picked up the ring and it looks fantastic !
Thanks again for all your help .
I 'm assuming Novori already has a large satisfied customer base and yet again you and Novori ...
Aaron
View More
We are very excited and so happy with the product you produce .
Thanks for being so understanding and helpful throughout the process .
Novori is definitely our recommended jeweler for the people who talk to ... Package received ... ring is BEAUTIFUL !
Thanks you for the expedited delivery .
I 'll look to you when we 're ready to buy our wedding bands ( saw a couple I really liked ) .
Thanks again for the excellent service , ... I received your package this morning .
The comunication , service and delivery were outstanding .
The diamond looks like a dream .
Thank you again for all your help .... Warren & I would like to thank all of you involved in assisting us with the purchase of our engagement ring .
It was very professional and timely considering our travel plans and was thorough to ... Ring arrived today .
It looks amazing , Thank you for the hard work to get it together and shipped to me so quickly .
Let 's hope she says yes !... I am pleased to inform you that I received yesterday the engagement ring .
It is beautiful - excellent job .
Thank you so much .
I will recommend your website .... We wanted to thank you for the spectacular and stunning job on our wedding bands , as well as my engagement ring !
The quality of the diamonds Novori offers are truly magnificent !
The way that the ... Just a quick Thank You .
The ring is perfect and the service was even better !
Delivered , as promised and on time .
I wish all of my purchasing experiences were as good .
Thanks ....
The engagement ring ordered by Robert has arrived in Kuwait and found it 's permanent home on my finger .
I wanted to say thank you for the beautiful work .
This ring is gorgeous !... I do buy a lot online , but I research and review countless hours .
I wanted a jeweler with superior craftsmanship and experience , while also having a selection that was unlike anything I saw locally .
I ... Received rings .
Wanted you to know that you did an excellent job making and packing the rings .
The look on my fiancee 's face was worth every cent .
Bookmarked your web page so I ... I wanted to drop you a line to let you know how satisfied I have been with your products and service .
I ordered both my fiance 's engagement ring and my wedding band from Novori ... Thank you we received the rings today and they are stunning .
You have exceeded our expectations and I appreciate your wonderful service .
Craig has already forwarded your website via email to two different friends who ... I recently purchased an engagement ring through your site .
I just wanted to say thank you for providing such a wonderful product at such a great price .
I searched numerous web sites and yours was ... I 've already picked up the ring and it looks fantastic !
Thanks again for all your help .
I 'm assuming Novori already has a large satisfied customer base and yet again you and Novori ...
Credit Card Processing
LAS VEGAS ( Dec. 17 , 2009 ) – The 41st annual World Series of Poker® ( WSOP ® ) -- a set of poker tournaments open to anyone 21 years of age or older -- returns Thursday , May 27 , 2010 when live action and satellites begin .
The annual poker extravaganza , which dates back to 1970 , is televised exclusively on ESPN from the Rio All - Suite Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas and consists of a comprehensive slate of the game ’s most popular variations running from May 27 - July 17 , 2010 .
A total of 57 coveted gold bracelets will be up for grabs in 2010 – equal to last year ’s total .
July 4th is the tournaments sole “ off day ” , and will be dedicated to satellites for all those seeking another entry option into poker ’s biggest event .
On Friday , May 28 , the first open bracelet event will be the $ 50,000 buy - in Player ’s Championship – the most expensive buy - in event to ever open up the World Series of Poker .
Playing for the bracelet and the prestigious Chip Reese Memorial Trophy , the event will follow an eight - game format made popular by the late poker legend , and those participating in the mythical “ Big Game ” around Las Vegas card rooms .
Over the first four days , Limit Hold ’em , Omaha Hi-Low Split - 8 or Better , Seven Card Razz , Seven Card Stud , Seven Card Stud Hi-Low Split - 8 or Better , No - Limit Hold ’em , Pot -Limit Omaha and 2 - 7 Triple Draw Lowball will be played , with the Final Table being No - Limit Hold ’em , as was the case when Reese won the inaugural $ 50 K buy - in event in 2006 .
ESPN will provide television coverage of this event under the new format .
The opening weekend ( May 29 - 30 ) , features a $ 1,000 buy - in No - Limit Hold ’em tournament , which last year established a non-Main Event record of 6,012 entrants .
The four - day event includes two starting flights , one each on Saturday and Sunday at 12 noon .
Another first at the WSOP this year , the first 5 weekends of the series will feature $ 1,000 buy - in No - Limit Hold ’em tournaments with two starting flights .
May 29 - 30 , June 5 - 6 , June 12 - 13 , June 19 - 20 and June 26 - 27 will offer No - Limit Hold ’em players from the weekend warrior to the most advanced player the opportunity to compete in some of the largest fields of the year for huge prize pools and a gold bracelet .
A sixth event on July 1 - 2 , will also offer the same event at the same buy - in level , just days before the Main Event commences .
The 41st annual WSOP will conclude , as is customary now , with the $ 10,000 No - Limit Hold ’em Championship ( aka the Main Event ) which begins play Monday , July 5 and should reach its final table ( nine players ) on Saturday , July 17 , at which time play will be halted for the third consecutive year .
The famed tournament ’s culmination will be held with the “ November Nine ” from November 6 - 9 , before a live audience with special primetime coverage from ESPN .
" Whatever your game and whatever your bankroll , the 2010 WSOP schedule offers something for everyone , ” said WSOP Tournament Director Jack Effel , who will oversee the event for the fifth consecutive year .
" We are planning for the largest WSOP ever and look forward to welcoming all players to the Rio in Las Vegas next summer . "
The entire convention center of the Rio All - Suite Hotel and Casino will be exclusively dedicated to the 2010 World Series of Poker for the first time , with tournament tables in the 58,000 square foot Pavilion and the 38,000 square foot Amazon Room .
The final number of tables in play is subject to regulatory approval , given just prior to the tournament commencing .
Player comfort is also being addressed by new rules regulating the daily amount of play .
Excluding the Main Event , gold bracelet tournaments will begin at 12 noon and 5 PM Pacific Time each day , with a maximum of 10 - one hour levels being played for the noon starts , while the 5 PM events playing a maximum of 8 one - hour levels .
Day 1 play is expected to conclude at 12:45 AM for noon starts and 2:45 AM for the 5 PM starts .
For those advancing past the first day , re-starts for noon bracelet events will be at 2:30 PM , and 5 PM tournaments will restart at 3 PM , with a maximum of 10 levels being played each day until a champion is crowned .
The Main Event features two - hour levels and play begins at 12 noon each day .
Registration for all bracelet events will remain open until the start of the third level ( approximately 2 hours , 20 minutes after start time ) – or until all available seats have sold .
Pre-registration for the 2010 WSOP is now available on - site at the Main Cage of the Rio in Las Vegas and online through www.wsop.com.
This is the earliest registration has ever opened , as players now have more than five months to register for the first event , and more than six months to register for the Main Event .
Players are encouraged to register in advance to avoid being shutout of their favorite events .
Any foreign entrants who wire transfer monies will receive the exchange rate into U.S. dollars at the time of the wire transfer , thus locking in their exchange rate in advance .
New policies and procedures regarding Main Event registration will be detailed in the future , but entrants can expect to be assigned starting days after a certain date .
The only way to guarantee your starting day will be to pre-register prior to the determined cut - off date .
All Harrah ’s properties in Las Vegas offer special reduced room rates for entrants of WSOP bracelet events .
Rates start as low as $ 69 for players staying at the host property , the Rio. Imperial Palace offers rates as low as $ 30 , and Bally ’s , Flamingo , Harrah ’s , Paris and Caesars Palace provide WSOP player rates as low as $ 45 - $ 100 a night .
Click here for the special WSOP player hotel rates .
The 2010 WSOP marks the 41st running of the game ’s most prestigious annual tournament .
In 2009 , the WSOP generated the most entries ever ( 60,875 ) from 115 different countries that competed for more than $ 174 million while awarding 57 championship gold bracelets , globally recognized as the game ’s top prize .
To view the entire schedule , visit WSOP .com / schedule where you can download event structures , pre-registration forms or save the schedule to your calendar and even link it to your Facebook , Twitter or other social network sites .
Media can add a WSOP schedule widget to their websites , by going to WSOP.com / poker - widgets / .
Among the highlights of the 2010 schedule :
• 57 gold bracelet events over 51 days .
• Expanded footprint – The giant Pavilion Ballroom ( 58,000 sq. feet ) will be in use this year for poker in the Rio Convention Center .
The Pavilion is the largest ballroom at the Rio , and along with the famed Amazon Room ( 38,000 sq. feet ) , will make - up the playing rooms for this year ’s WSOP .
The entire convention space will be used .
• Expanded capacity – Along with expanded footprint , comes more poker tables .
A record 295 tables were utilized last year , and this year ’s configuration is still being plotted , but expected to offer about 20 percent more tables .
• No Food Tent –
The outdoor food tent will now become an indoor food court experience .
The Miranda Ballroom , last year used as a room for play , will be converted into a food court with a variety of popular food items for players and spectators .
• Sensational Structures & Starting Chips – Drafting off last year ’s success , all gold bracelet events in 2010 will feature triple the buy - in in starting chips and deep structures , providing plenty of play .
• $ 25 K 6 - Handed No-Limit – A new event this year will be a $ 25,000 buy - in 6 - handed No - Limit Hold ’em 4 - day event .
Event # 52 begins on Wednesday , June 30 at 12 noon . • $ 50 K Players Championship – The Chip Reese Trophy is up for grabs at the $ 50,000 buy - in eight - game mixed event , dubbed the Players Championship , which is being morphed from the $ 50 K H.O.R.S.E. tournament run the past four years .
This new eight - game format will serve as the true test of the game ’s greatest all - around player and receive star treatment , with ESPN cameras covering the five - day event for television .
Event # 2 starts on Friday , May 28 at 5:00 PM .
• Still Plenty of H.O.R.S.E. – A new $ 10,000 buy - in H.O.R.S.E.
Championship tournament will be offered , to go along with $ 1,500 and $ 3,000 buy - ins to the popular game .
• The 4th annual Ante Up For Africa Celebrity - Charity Tournament -- $ 5,000 buy - in No - Limit Hold ’em celebrity and charity tournament on Saturday , July 3 , ( two days before the Main Event begins ) featuring the opportunity for anyone age 21 or older to enter and be seated at the same table as A - list celebrities and top poker pros .
• The Ladies Only No-Limit Hold ’em Championship – On Friday , June 11 , featuring a $ 1,000 buy - in and helping to raise awareness for the Nevada Cancer Institute , the official community relations partner of the World Series of Poker . • The Seniors Only No-Limit Hold ’em Championship – On Friday , June 18 , featuring a $ 1,000 buy - in for all poker enthusiasts 50 years of age or older .
• June $ 550 No - Limit Hold ’em Tournaments – Every Tuesday , Wednesday and Thursday at 1:00 PM throughout June , the Rio will host new $ 550 No - Limit Hold ’em tournaments for those looking for a Hold ’em fix .
These are one - day structured tournaments , and not bracelet events .
In addition , a complete array of satellites , from single - table to mega , will be offered beginning from May 27 - July 8 .
Nightly No-Limit Hold ’em tournaments will be offered from May 27 - July 4 at 7:00 PM and 11:00 PM .
All winners will be required to provide a valid picture ID .
Tax forms will be completed for those with winnings in excess of $ 5,000 net of event buy - in .
Players without a Tax Identification Number and foreign players from non-tax treaty countries are subject to up to 30 percentage tax withholding .
WSOP reserves the right to cancel , change or modify the tournament or any tournament event , in part or in whole , without notice .
© Ben Sargent
Most Americans are upset at health care reform because it does n’t go far enough , and are upset at the stimulus because it is n’t creating enough jobs .
Since the Christmas release of a pre-alpha build of Opera 10.50 , our developers have been working hard to get the Windows version in beta shape : check out the Opera 10.50 beta page for all the latest features and enhancements .
Personally , I really dig the Aero Peek thumbnail previews that pop up when you hover over the Opera icon in the taskbar .
And oh , Opera Unite has landed in the 10.50 branch as well :-)
Note that Opera 10.50 for Mac OS X and Linux have n't reached beta stage yet , but you can get alpha versions for these platforms from the Desktop Team blog .
Next up : standards support .
If you have n't done so yet , have a look at Shwetank 's blog post for the pre-alpha , all of which is still valid : super - fast JavaScript with Carakan , advanced graphics with Vega , and support for CSS3 Backgrounds and Borders , Transitions and 2D Transforms , Offline Storage and more .
This beta adds support for HTML5 < video > , and Patrick and Bruce have prepared a Dev. Opera article on this for your enjoyment : Introduction to HTML5 video — be sure to not miss out on the fine examples included throughout the article !
Another major feature in this beta is our new Opera Widgets implementation : widgets can now be run independently of the browser instance , and integrate nicely with the platform they 're running on , effectively allowing developers to create standalone desktop applications with Web standards .
Debugging can be done while the application is running , through Opera Dragonfly 's remote debugging feature .
Get started and build your own apps with our updated Widgets SDK documentation .
One caveat : I recently blogged about improved Web Fonts support in our pre-beta snapshots , but for the beta release , this has unfortunately regressed again .
Web Fonts work under certain circumstances , but break in others .
Do n't let this spoil the fun though — our devs are working on a fix .
It 's also worth mentioning that we 've thoroughly reorganized the menus : if you open the Opera menu , choose Page Tools >
Developer for options such as View Source , Validate , and Developer Tools .
Speaking of which —
Opera Dragonfly is now using a new version of the Scope API , which results in better performance and a couple of other enhancements , such as a handy pixel magnifier and color picker .
Head over to the Opera Dragonfly blog for more details , and the announcement that Opera Dragonfly is now an Open Source project hosted on BitBucket .
That 's all for now — let us know what you think !
Dry , dusty and shortly to be dead .
Palaeographers are used to making sense of fragments of ancient manuscripts , but King 's College London could n't have been plainer when it announced recently that it was to close the UK 's only chair of palaeography .
From ­September , the current holder of the chair , Professor David Ganz , will be out of a job , and the subject will no longer exist as a separate academic discipline in British universities .
Its survival will now depend entirely on the whim of classicists and medievalists studying in other fields .
The decision took everyone by ­surprise .
" It was only recently that Rick Trainor [ the principal of King 's ] was calling the humanities department [ to which palaeography is attached ] the jewel in the university 's crown , " says Dr Mary Beard , professor of ­classics at Cambridge University .
" There had been a complete overhaul of ­minority disciplines in the mid-1990s , so there was consensus that everything had been pared down to the bare minimum . "
How things change .
With Lord Mandelson – in his incarnation as secretary of state for business , industry and skills – now imposing a minimum 10 % cut in spending throughout higher education , universities are looking to slash and burn departments .
And esoteric subjects such as palaeography are easy targets ; they attract comparatively few students and , most importantly , comparatively little in the way of research grants – the only way the past few governments have measured a subject 's worth .
But if Trainor was hoping palaeography would do the decent thing , he badly misjudged the situation .
Professor Ganz – the fourth person to have held the chair since it was endowed in 1949 – did n't roll over and die quietly .
" On the assumption that this means the end of the chair of palaeography , I am having to fight for my subject , " he says , " and I have been deeply moved by the level of support from friends , many of whom I have never met . "
That 's pretty much all Ganz is saying for now – but , having initially raised a very restrained , academic form of hell , others are now doing the talking for him .
A Facebook page to save the chair has more than 4,000 members , and many of the world 's most distinguished classicists have petitioned King 's to ­reconsider its position .
Even his ­students are stepping in to defend him .
" Without a palaeography professor such as David Ganz , not only will King 's be sorely deprived of a basis on which to teach almost every other university discipline , " says Alexandra Maccarini , " but the study of humanities everywhere will suffer from the absence of a devoted specialist in the subject . "
In its strictest sense , palaeography is the study of ancient manuscripts whereby scholars can read texts – often partial , as many exist only in fragments – and localise and date handwriting accurately .
This may sound arcane , and to some extent it is .
But it is also the building block of all classical and ­medieval scholarship .
According to Ganz : " Anyone who goes into a ­university library will within a week find an ancient manuscript that no one has yet properly understood . "
" It is academic forensic science , " agrees Dr Irving Finkel , assistant keeper in the department of the ­Middle East at the British Museum .
" Many of the printed texts we use today – be they the Bible , Livy 's poems or Shakespeare 's plays – do not come from a single text .
They are a collation of various manuscripts that may have been altered by scribes over time .
A palaeographer can help determine which is likely to be the most authentic .
" It 's about understanding the codes , the signs and the ligatures [ common abbreviations ] that were in use at different periods of a language 's evolution , so you can interpret words that may have been rubbed away and see what may have been added at a later date . "
Academics , of course , enjoy a good squabble , so it 's hard to get universal agreement on what does and does n't fall within palaeography 's reach .
For some it includes major finds such as the Rosetta Stone , from which ­hieroglyphics were first decoded , and Linear B , the ancient Minoan script translated by Michael Ventris .
­ Others insist that , as they were carved in stone , they fall within epigraphy .
Some restrict ­palaeography to merely classical texts ; others include medieval and Renaissance texts .
Either way , the point is much the same .
It 's not just that we would n't have a clue what the Dead Sea Scrolls or the Cyrus Cylinder ( over which the British Museum and the Iranian government are currently locking horns ) actually mean without palaeography ; we would n't know how to evaluate their historical importance .
Multiply this by every fragment and every hand - written folio , and the history of the world begins to be up for grabs .
" Palaeography is not simply an arcane auxiliary science , " says Professor Jeffrey Hamburger , chair of medieval studies at Harvard University .
" It is as basic to the training and practice of ­historians as mastery of Dos or Unix might be to a computer scientist .
Not that palaeography has the answer to everything .
No one has still made head or tail of Linear A ( dating back to around 1900BC ) , and the Indus ­Valley script of the third millennium BC is still a mystery .
But just days before King 's made the announcement , its sister London institution , University College , was boasting how two of Ganz 's former students , Dr Simon ­Corcoran and Dr Benet Salway , had pieced together 17 fragments of parchment that form an important ­Roman law code – believed to be the only original evidence yet discovered of the Gregorian Codex ( a collection of constitutions upon which a substantial part of most modern European civil law ­systems are built ) that had been thought lost for ever .
Giving up on palaeography is like giving up on art , history and culture .
It 's like deciding we know all we want to know about the past , so we 're not going to bother to find out any more : " It 's not as if we can come back to it in 15 years ' time if we then decide there 's enough money , " says Beard .
" Palaeography can't be taught in an online tutorial ; it 's a skill handed down from one academic to another .
If King 's does go through with its decision , it 's the end of the subject in this country . "
Reading the past :
What palaeographers have done for us
Dead Sea Scrolls
A collection of about 900 documents on parchment and papyrus , ­written in Hebrew , Aramaic and Greek , ­dating from about 150 BC to AD70 .
Discovered between 1947 and 1956 in 11 caves on the northwest shore of the Dead Sea .
The earliest surviving ­examples of Biblical texts .
Indus Valley Script
More than 600 symbols have been found – primarily on seals – belonging to the Indus Valley civilisation of 3,000BC .
Most inscriptions are only four or five symbols in length .
The longest is 26 symbols .
Scholars have yet to decode them , though it has n't stopped them arguing whether it does actually constitute a genuine language .
Rosetta Stone
Technically one for epigraphers , but many palaeographers claim it for themselves .
The stone , discovered by the French in 1799 , contained three parallel texts – hieroglyphs , demotic and Greek – and was the key that ­enabled scholars to decode ­hieroglyphics for the first time .
Beowulf
The most important work in Anglo - Saxon literature , the Old - English epic poem of 3,182 lines is known from a single manuscript that is estimated to date from AD1000 .
The manuscript has crumbled over time and scholars are still working on its preservation and revealing lost letters of the poem .
Oxyrhynchus Papyri
A collection of documents from the Ptolemaic and Roman eras excavated from the old rubbish mounds of Oxyrhynchus , an ancient Egyptian site thought so unimportant it was left almost untouched for centuries .
Extracts from the plays of Menander and the Gospel of St Thomas are among the most important finds .
These are a few short clips illustrating the phenomenon of optical trapping .
Essentially , a felt tip marker is briefly burned just above the focal point of a ~ 250 mW 650 nm laser , releasing an extremely small particle .
This is not the intersection between the laser and some smoke ; it 's an actual particle embedded in the laser beam .
Because radiation can exert pressure on objects , there is a set of force vectors always keeping the particle just above the waist of the beam .
This phenomenon illustrates how light can behave as particles ( photons ) because the photons have momentum and are therefore able to impart forces onto objects .
It is even possible to move the laser around gently and the particle will follow along .
6 Modern communication : sockets
Communication with pipes has some limitations .
First , it is local to a machine : with named pipes , communicating processes must run on the same machine and what ’s more , with anonymous pipes , they must share a common ancestor .
Furthermore , pipes are not very suitable for a particularly useful model of communication : the client - server model .
In this model , only one program , the server , has direct access to a shared resource .
The other programs , the clients , access the resource by connecting to the server .
The server serializes and controls the access to the shared resource .
( Example : the x - window windowing system — the shared resources are the screen , the keyboard and the mouse . )
The client - server model is difficult to implement with pipes .
The major difficulty is to establish the connection between a client and the server .
With anonymous pipes , it is impossible : the server and the client would need a common ancestor that allocated an arbitrarily large number of pipes in advance .
With named pipes , the server could read connection requests on a particular pipe .
These requests would contain the name of another named pipe created and used by the client to communicate with the server .
The problem is to ensure the mutual exclusion of simultaneous connection requests performed by multiple clients .
Sockets are a generalization of pipes addressing these issues .
The client - server model is shown in figure 3 .
The server U creates a socket s on a port p known to the clients and waits for connections on it ( 1 ) .
The client A creates a socket and connects to the server on the port p ( 2 ) .
On the server , the system allocates a new socket to communicate privately with the client A ( 3 ) .
In this example , the server forks off an auxiliary server V ( 4 ) , closes its connection with the client A ( represented by the dashed line ) and lets its child V handle the connection with A ( 5 ) .
The server can then accept a new client B , establish another connection handled in parallel by another clone W ( 6 ) , and so on .
The server can close its service by closing the file descriptor associated with the socket s .
After a while the system frees the port p which can then be reused , for example to install another service .
In the model described above , the server U and the client A establish a private connection ( 3 ) to communicate without interference from other clients .
For that reason , this mode of communication is referred to as the connection - oriented mode .
If the transaction is short the server can handle the request directly ( without forking ) through the connection ( 3 ) .
In this case , the next client must wait for the server to be available , either because it is handling the connection ( 3 ) , or because it explicitly manages several connections via multiplexing .
Sockets also allow a connectionless communication mode .
In this mode , less frequently used , the server does not establish a private connection with the client , but responds directly to the client ’s requests .
We will briefly comment on this model in section 6.10 but in the remainder of this chapter , we mainly describe connection - oriented communication .
6.1 Sockets
Sockets , an extension of pipes , were introduced in bsd 4.2 .
They are now found on all Unix machines connected to a network .
Special system calls are provided to establish connections following the client - server model ; they enable local and remote communication between processes in a ( nearly ) transparent way .
The communication domain of a socket limits the processes ( and the format of their address ) with which we can communicate on the socket .
Different communication domains are available , for example :
the Unix domain : an address is a name in the file system of a machine .
Communication is limited to processes running on that machine ( like with pipes ) .
the Internet domain : an address is an address of a machine on the Internet network ( addresses of the form 129.199.129.1 , for example ) and a port number on that machine .
Communication is possible between processes running on any two machines connected to Internet .
1
The communication type of a socket indicates whether communication is reliable ( no loss or duplication of data ) and the way the data is sent and received ( a stream of bytes , or a sequence of packets — small blocks of bytes ) .
The communication type constrains the protocol used to transmit data .
Different communication types are available , here are three of them with their properties :
Type Reliable Data representation Stream yes byte stream Datagram no packets Segmented packets yes packets
The “ stream ” type is very similar to communication with pipes .
It is used most frequently , in particular to transmit unstructured byte sequences ( e.g. rsh ) .
The “ segmented packets ” type transmits data as packets : each write delimits a packet , each read returns at most a packet .
It is well suited for message - oriented communication .
The “ datagram ” type is the closest to the hardware properties of an Ethernet network : data is transmitted with packets and there is no guarantee that they reach their destination .
It is the most economical type in terms of network resources .
Some programs use it to transmit data that is not of crucial importance ( e.g. biff ) ; others , to get more network performance but with the burden of managing data losses manually .
6.2 Socket creation
The socket system creates a new socket :
The result is a file descriptor that represents the new socket .
Initially , this descriptor is “ disconnected ” , it is not ready to accept any read or write .
The first argument is a value of type socket_domain , it specifies the socket ’s communication domain :
PF_UNIX The Unix domain .
PF_INET
The Internet domain .
The second argument , a value of type socket_type , specifies the desired communication type :
SOCK_STREAM
Byte streams , reliable .
SOCK_DGRAM
Packets , unreliable .
SOCK_RAW
Direct access to the lower layers of the network .
SOCK_SEQPACKET
Packets , reliable .
The third argument is the communication protocol to use .
It is usually 0 which selects the default protocol for the given communication domain and type ( e.g. udp for SOCK_DGRAM or tcp for SOCK_STREAM ) .
Other values allow to use special protocols , for example icmp ( Internet Control Message Protocol ) used by the ping command to send packets which return automatically to the sender .
The numbers for these special protocols are in the /etc / protocols file or in the protocols table of the nis ( Network Information Service ) database , if any .
The system call getprotobyname returns information about a protocol in a portable manner :
Given the name of a protocol the result is a record of type protocol_entry .
The p_proto field of this record has the protocol number .
6.3 Addresses
Several socket operations use socket addresses , represented by the variant type sockaddr :
type of string | ADDR_INET of inet_addr * int sockaddr = | ADDR_UNIXstring | ADDR_INETinet_addr * int
ADDR_UNIX f is an address in the Unix domain , f is the name of the corresponding file in the machine ’s file system .
ADDR_INET ( a , p ) is an address in the Internet domain , a is the Internet address of a machine and p a port number on this machine .
Internet addresses are represented by the abstract type inet_addr .
The following functions convert strings of the form 128.93.8.2 to values of type inet_addr , and vice versa :
Another way to obtain internet addresses is to look them up by host name in the /etc / hosts table , the nis database or in domain name servers .
The system call gethostbyname does that .
On modern machines , the domain name servers are consulted first and /etc / hosts is only used as a fallback but in general that may depend on the machine ’s configuration .
The argument is the host name to look for and the result a record of type host_entry .
The h_addr_list field of this record is an array of Internet addresses corresponding to the machine ( the same machine can be connected to multiple networks under different addresses ) .
Regarding port numbers , the most common services are listed in the table /etc / services which can be read in a portable manner using the getservbyname function :
val getservbyname : string -> string -> service_entry
The first argument is the service name ( " ftp " for ftp servers , " smtp " for email , " nntp " for news servers , " talk " and " ntalk " for commands of that name , etc. ) and the second argument is the name of the protocol : usually " tcp " if the service is using the stream connection type or " udp " for the datagram type .
The result of getservbyname is a record of type service_entry whose s_port field contains the desired number .
Example
To obtain the address of the ftp server pauillac.inria.fr : ADDR_INET (( gethostbyname " pauillac.inria.fr " ).h_addr_list .( 0 ) , ( getservbyname " ftp " " tcp " ) .s_port ) * * *
6.4 Connection to a server
The system call connect establishes a connection with a server on a socket .
val connect : file_descr -> sockaddr -> unit
The first argument is a socket descriptor and the second argument is the server ’s address .
Once the connection is established , calls to write on the socket descriptor send data to the server and calls to read receive data from the server .
Sockets behave like pipes for read and write operations .
First , read blocks if no data is available and can return fewer bytes than requested .
Second , whenever the server closes the connection read returns 0 and write sends a sigpipe signal to the calling process .
connect binds the socket to a local address chosen by the system .
Sometimes , it is preferable to manually choose this address .
This can be done by calling the function bind ( see section 6.7 ) before connect .
The netstat Unix command lists the current connections on the machine and their status .
6.5 Disconnecting sockets
There are two ways to disconnect a socket .
The first is to call close on the socket .
This closes the read and write sides of the connection , and deallocates the socket .
But sometimes this is too brutal , for example we may want to close the connection from the client to the server to indicate an end of file but keep the connection open in the other direction to get remaining data from the server .
The system call shutdown allows to close the connection gradually .
The first argument is the descriptor of the socket to close and the second a value of type shutdown_command indicating which direction to close :
SHUTDOWN_RECEIVE
Closes the socket for reading ; write on the other end of the connection will send a sigpipe signal to the caller .
SHUTDOWN_SEND
Closes the socket for writing ; read on the other end of the connection returns an end of file .
SHUTDOWN_ALL
Closes the socket for reading and writing ; unlike close , the socket descriptor is not deallocated .
Note that disconnecting a socket can take some time whether done with close or shutdown .
6.6 Complete example : the universal client
We program a client command such that client host port establishes a connection on the port port of the machine named host , sends on the resulting socket the data it reads on its standard input and writes the data it receives on its standard output .
For instance , the command
echo -e ' GET / ~remy / HTTP/1.0\r
\r
' | ./client pauillac.inria.fr 80
connects to the port 80 of pauillac.inria.fr and sends an http request for the web page / ~remy / .
This command is a “ universal ” client application in the sense that it factors out the code to establish a connection common to many clients and delegates the implementation of the specific protocol to the program that calls client .
The library function Misc.retransmit fdin fdout reads data on the descriptor fdin and writes it on fdout .
It terminates , without closing the descriptors , when the end of file is reached on the input descriptor .
Note that retransmit may be interrupted by a signal .
let retransmit fdin fdout = let buffer_size = 4096 in let buffer = String . create buffer_size in let rec copy ( ) = match read fdin buffer 0 buffer_size with | 0 -> ( ) | n -> ignore ( write fdout buffer 0 n ) ; copy ( ) in copy ( ) ; ;
The serious matter starts here .
1 open Sys ; ; 2 open Unix ; ; 3 4 let client ( ) = 5 if Array.length Sys.argv < 3 then begin 6 prerr_endline " Usage : client < host > < port > " ; 7 exit 2 ; 8 end ; 9 let server_name = Sys.argv .
(1 ) 10 and port_number = int_of_string Sys.argv .
( 2 ) in 11 let server_addr = 12 try ( gethostbyname server_name ) .h_addr_list .(0 ) 13 with Not_found -> 14 prerr_endline ( server_name ^ " : Host not found " ) ; 15 exit 2 in 16 let sock = socket PF_INET SOCK_STREAM 0 in 17 connect sock ( ADDR_INET ( server_addr , port_number ) ) ; 18 match fork ( ) with 19 | 0 -> 20 Misc.retransmit stdin sock ; 21 shutdown sock SHUTDOWN_SEND ; 22 exit 0 23 | _ -> 24 Misc.retransmit sock stdout ; 25 close stdout ; 26 wait ( ) ; ; 27 28 handle_unix_error client ( ) ; ; Sys ; ; Unix ; ; client ( ) = Array.length Sys.argv < 3 prerr_endline " Usage : client " ; exit 2 ; server_name = Sys.argv.(1) port_number = int_of_string Sys.argv.(2) server_addr =( gethostbyname server_name).h_addr_list .(0 ) Not_found -> prerr_endline ( server_name ^ " : Host not found " ) ; exit 2 sock = socket PF_INET SOCK_STREAM 0connect sock ( ADDR_INET ( server_addr , port_number ) ) ; fork ( ) |
0 -> Misc.retransmit stdin sock ; shutdown sock SHUTDOWN_SEND ;exit 0 | _ ->
Misc.retransmit sock stdout ; close stdout ; wait ( ) ; ; handle_unix_error client ( ) ; ;
We start by determining the Internet address of the machine to which we want to connect .
It can be specified by a host name or in numerical form , gethostbyname correctly handles both cases .
Then , we create a socket of type stream in the Internet domain with the default protocol and connect it to the address of the machine .
The process is then cloned with fork .
The child process copies the data from its standard input to the socket .
Once the end of standard input is reached it closes the connection in the sending direction and terminates .
The parent process copies the data it reads on the socket to its standard output .
Once the end of file is reached on the socket , it closes the standard output , synchronizes with the child process and terminates .
The connection is closed either by the client or by the server :
If the child client receives an end of file on its standard input , it closes the connection in the client to server direction and terminates .
The server upon receiving the end of file on its socket should , possibly after some further processing , close the connection in the other direction .
Thus the parent client eventually receives an end of file on the socket and terminates normally .
If the server closes the connection .
The parent client receives an end of file on the socket and waits on the child .
The child client is killed by a sigpipe signal the next time it tries to write on the socket .
This does not however report that the connection was lost .
If that is needed we can ignore the sigpipe signal by inserting the following line after line 19 : ignore ( signal sigpipe Signal_ignore ) and the write will raise an EPIPE error instead .
signal the next time it tries to write on the socket .
This does not however report that the connection was lost .
If that is needed we can ignore the signal by inserting the following line after line 19 :
If the parent or child client exits prematurely the socket will be closed for reading or writing .
Whenever the server detects this information , it closes its side of the connection , which is eventually detected by the other part of the client .
6.7 Establishing a service
Having seen how a client connects to a server , we now show how a server can provide a service for clients .
First we need to associate a particular address to a socket to make it reachable from the network .
The system call bind does this :
val bind : file_descr -> sockaddr -> unit
The first argument is the socket descriptor and the second the address to bind .
The constant Internet address inet_addr_any can be used to bind all the Internet addresses that the machine has ( it may be on multiple sub- networks ) .
We then indicate that the socket can accept connections with the system call listen :
val listen : file_descr -> int -> unit
The first argument is the socket descriptor and the second is the number of request that can be be put on hold while the server is busy ( ranges from a few dozen to several hundreds for large servers ) .
When the number of waiting clients exceeds this number , additional client connection requests fail .
Finally , connection requests on a socket descriptor are received via the system call accept :
When the call returns the socket given in argument is still free and can accept more connection request .
The first component of the result is a new descriptor connected to the client , everything written ( resp. read ) on that socket can be read ( resp. is written ) on the socket the client gave to connect .
The second component of the result is the address of the client .
It can be used to check that the client is authorized to connect ( for example this is what the x server does , xhost can be used to add new authorizations ) , or to establish a second connection from the server to the client ( as ftp does for each file transfer request ) .
The general structure of a tcp server is as follows .
let install_tcp_server_socket addr = let s = socket PF_INET SOCK_STREAM 0 in try bind s addr ; listen s 10 ; s with z -> close s ; raise z ; ;
The library function Misc.install_tcp_server addr creates a socket of type stream in the Internet domain with the default protocol and prepares it to accept new connection requests on the address addr with bind and listen .
Given that this is a library function , we close the socket in case of an error .
let tcp_server treat_connection addr = ignore ( signal sigpipe Signal_ignore ) ; let server_sock = install_tcp_server_socket addr in while true do let client = restart_on_EINTR accept server_sock in treat_connection server_sock client done ;;
The library function Misc.tcp_server creates a socket with install_tcp_server and enters an infinite loop .
At each iteration of the loop it waits for a connection request with accept and treats it with the function treat_connection .
Since this is a library function we restart the accept call if it is interrupted .
We also ignore the signal sigpipe so that unexpected disconnection raise an EPIPE exception that can be caught by treat_connection rather than killing the server .
Note that it in any case it is treat_connection ’s duty to close the client descriptor at the end of the connection .
The function treat_connection is also given the descriptor of the server so that if it fork s or or double_fork s it can be closed by the child .
Now suppose we have the following , application specific , service function that talks to the client end ends by closing the connection :
let service ( client_sock , client_addr ) = (* Handle the client on the descriptor client_sock *) (*
And when we are done : *) close client_sock ; ;
The server itself can treat each connection sequentially .
The following library function , in Misc , captures this pattern :
let sequential_treatment server service client = service client
However as the server cannot handle any other requests while serving a client , this scheme is only appropriate for quick services , where the service function always runs in a short , bounded , amount of time ( for instance , a date server ) .
Most servers delegate the service to a child process : fork is called immediately after accept returns .
The child process handles the connection and the parent process immediately retries to accept .
We obtain the following library function in Misc :
let fork_treatment server service ( client_sock , _ as client ) = let treat ( ) = match fork ( ) with | 0 -> close server ; service client ; exit 0 | k -> ( ) in try_finalize treat ( ) close client_sock ; ;
Note that it is essential that the parent closes client_sock otherwise the close made by the child will not terminate the connection ( besides the parent would also quickly run out of descriptors ) .
The descriptor is also closed if the fork fails , for the server may eventually decide the error is not fatal and continue to operate .
Similarly , the child immediately closes the server descriptor on which the connection request was received .
First , it does not need it .
Second , the server may stop accepting new connections before the child has terminated .
The call to exit 0 is important since it ensures that the child terminates after the execution of the service and that it does not start to execute the server loop .
So far we ignored the fact that children will become zombie processes and that we need to recover them .
There are two ways to to so .
The simple approach is to have a grandchild process handle the connection using a double fork ( see page ?? ) .
This gives the following library function , also in Misc :
let double_fork_treatment server service ( client_descr , _ as client ) = let treat ( ) = match fork ( ) with | 0 -> if fork ( ) <> 0 then exit 0 ; close server ; service client ; exit 0 | k -> ignore ( restart_on_EINTR ( waitpid [ ] ) k ) in try_finalize treat ( ) close client_descr ; ;
However with this approach the server loses all control on the grandchild process .
It is better to have the processes handling services and the server in the same process group so that the whole group can be killed at once to terminate the service .
For this reason servers usually keep the fork treatment but add children recovering code , for example in the handler of the sigchld signal ( see the function Misc. free_children on page ?? ) .
6.8 Tuning sockets
Sockets have numerous internal parameters that can be tuned : the size of the transfer buffer , the size of the minimum transfer , the behavior on closing , etc .
These parameters have different types , for this reason there are as many getsockopt and setsockopt OCaml functions as there are types .
Consult the OCaml documentation of the function getsockopt and its variants to get a detailed list of those options and the posix reference for getsockopt and setsockopt for their exact meaning .
Example
The following two parameters apply only to sockets of type stream in the Internet domain .
In the tcp protocol , the disconnection of a socket is negotiated and hence takes some time .
Normally a call to close returns immediately , and lets the system negotiates the disconnection .
The code below turns close on the socket sock into a blocking operation .
It blocks either until all the sent data has been transmitted or until 5 seconds have passed .
setsockopt_optint sock SO_LINGER ( Some 5 ) ; ; The SO_REUSEADDR option allows the bind system call to allocate a new socket on a local address immediately after the socket sock bound on that address is closed ( there is however the risk to get packets intended for the old connection ) .
This option allows to stop a server and restart it immediately , very useful for testing purposes .
setsockopt sock SO_REUSEADDR ; ; * * *
6.9 Complete example : the universal server
We program a server command such that :
./ server port cmd arg1 ... argn
receives connection requests on the port port and , for each connection , executes cmd with the arguments arg1 ... argn and the socket connection as its standard input and output .
For example , if we execute :
./ server 8500 grep foo
on the pomerol machine and the universal client ( see section 6.6 ) on an other machine as follows :
./ client pomerol 8500 < /etc/ passwd
the client displays the same result as if we had typed :
grep foo < /etc/ passwd
except that grep is executed on pomerol , and not on the local machine .
This command is a “ universal ” server in the sense that it factors out the code common to many server and delegates the implementation of the specific service and communication protocol to the cmd program it launches .
1 open Sys ; ; 2 open Unix ; ; 3 4 let server ( ) = 5 if Array.length Sys.argv < 2 then begin 6 prerr_endline " Usage : client < port > < command > [ arg1 ... argn ] " ; 7 exit 2 ; 8 end ; 9 let port = int_of_string Sys.argv . ( 1 ) in 10 let args = Array.sub Sys.argv 2 ( Array.length Sys.argv - 2 ) in 11 let host = ( gethostbyname ( gethostname ( ) ) ) .h_addr_list .( 0 ) in 12 let addr = ADDR_INET ( host , port ) in 13 let treat sock ( client_sock , client_addr as client ) = 14 (* log information *) 15 begin match client_addr with 16 | ADDR_INET ( caller , _ ) -> 17 prerr_endline ( " Connection from " ^ string_of_inet_addr caller ) ; 18 | ADDR_UNIX _ -> 19 prerr_endline " Connection from the Unix domain ( ??? ) " ; 20 end ; 21 (* connection treatment *) 22 let service ( s , _ ) = 23 dup2 s stdin ; dup2 s stdout ; dup2 s stderr ; close s ; 24 execvp args .
( 0 ) args 25 in 26 Misc.double_fork_treatment sock service client in 27 Misc.tcp_server treat addr ; ; 28 29 handle_unix_error server ( ) ; ; Sys ; ; Unix ;; server ( ) = Array.length Sys.argv < 2 prerr_endline
" Usage : client [ ar g1 ... argn ] " ; exit 2 ; port = int_of_string Sys.argv.( 1)args = Array.sub Sys.argv 2 ( Array.length Sys.argv - 2 ) host = ( gethostbyname ( gethostname ( ) ) ) .h_addr_list .( 0 ) addr = ADDR_INET
( host , port ) treat sock ( client_sock , client_addrclient ) =(* log information *) client_addr| ADDR_INET ( caller , _ ) -> prerr_endline ( " Connection from " ^ string_of_inet_addr caller ) ; | ADDR_UNIX _ -> prerr_endline " Connection from the Unix domain ( ??? ) " ;(* connection treatment *) service ( s , _ ) =dup2 s stdin ; dup2 s stdout ; dup2 s stderr ; close s;execvp args .
(0 ) argsMisc.double_fork_treatment sock service clientMisc.tcp_server treat addr;;handle_unix_error server ( ) ; ;
The address given to tcp_server contains the Internet address of the machine running the program ; the usual way to get it ( line 11 ) is by calling gethostname .
But in general many addresses are referencing the same machine .
For instance , the address of the pauillac machine is 128.93.11.35 , it can also be accessed locally ( provided we are already on the pauillac machine ) with the address 127.0.0.1 .
To provide a service on all the addresses pointing to this machine , we can use the constant Internet address inet_addr_any .
The service is handled by a “ double fork ” .
The service function , executed by the child , redirects standard input and the two standard output on the connection socket and executes the requested command ( note that the handling of the service cannot be done sequentially ) .
The connection is closed without any intervention of the server program .
One of the following cases occurs :
The client closes the connection in the client to server direction .
The command launched by the server receives an end of file on its standard input .
It finishes what it has to do , and calls exit when it is done .
This closes the standard outputs which are the last descriptors open for writing on the connection and the client receives an end of file on its socket .
when it is done .
This closes the standard outputs which are the last descriptors open for writing on the connection and the client receives an end of file on its socket .
The client ends prematurely and closes the connection in the server to client direction .
The command launched by the server may then receive a sigpipe signal the next time it tries to write data on the connection .
This may kill the process but is perfectly acceptable since nothing is now reading the output of this command .
signal the next time it tries to write data on the connection .
This may kill the process but is perfectly acceptable since nothing is now reading the output of this command .
The command launched by the server exits before having read the end of file on its input .
The client receives a sigpipe signal ( or an EPIPE exception ) when it tries to write on the connection .
Precautions
Writing a server requires more care than writing a client .
While the client usually knows the server to which it connects , the server knows nothing about its clients and particularly if the service is public , the client can be “ hostile ” .
The server must therefore guard itself against all pathological cases .
A typical attack is to open connections and leave them open without transmitting requests .
After accepting the connection the server is blocked on the socket as long as the client stays connected .
An attacker can saturate the service by opening a lot of unused connections .
The server must be robust against these attacks : it must only accept a limited number of simultaneous connections to avoid system resources exhaustion and it must terminate connections that remain inactive for too long .
A sequential server handling connections without forking is immediately exposed to this blocking issue .
It will be unresponsive for further request even though it does nothing .
A solution for a sequential server is to multiplex the connections , but it can be tricky to implement .
The solution with a parallel server is more elegant , but it still needs a timeout , for example by programming an alarm ( see section 4.2 ) .
6.10 Communication in connectionless mode
The tcp protocol used by most connections of type SOCK_STREAM works only in connection - oriented mode .
Conversely , the udp protocol used by most connections of type SOCK_DGRAM always works in connectionless mode , there is no established connection between the two machines .
For this type of sockets , data is transmitted with the system calls recvfrom and sendto .
val val recvfrom : file_descr -> string -> int -> int -> msg_flag list -> int * sockaddr sendto : file_descr -> string -> int -> int -> msg_flag list -> sockaddr -> int
Their interface is similar to read and write , they return the size of the transferred data .
The call recvfrom also returns the address of the sending machine .
We can call connect on a socket of type SOCK_DGRAM to obtain a pseudo - connection .
This pseudo - connection is just an illusion , the only effect is that the address passed in argument is memorized by the socket and becomes the address used for sending and receiving data ( messages coming from other addresses are ignored ) .
It is possible to call connect more than once to change the address or disconnect the pseudo - connection by connecting to an invalid address like 0 .
In contrast , doing this with a socket of type stream would generally issue an error .
6.11 Low level reads and writes
The system calls recv and send respectively generalize read and write but they work only on socket descriptors .
val val recv : file_descr -> string -> int -> int -> msg_flag list -> int send : file_descr -> string -> int -> int -> msg_flag list -> int
Their interface is similar to read and write but they add a list of flags of type msg_flag whose semantics is :
MSG_OOB
Process out - of - band data .
MSG_DONTROUTE
Short - circuit the default routing table .
MSG_PEEK
Examines the data without reading it .
These primitives can be used in connection - oriented mode instead of read and write or in pseudo - connected mode instead of recvfrom and sendto .
6.12 High - level primitives
Examples like the universal client - server are so frequent that the Unix module provides higher - level functions to establish or use network services .
The open_connection function opens a connection to the given address and creates a pair of Pervasives input / output channels on the resulting socket .
Reads and writes on these channels communicate with the server but since the output channel is buffered we must flush it to ensure that a request has been really sent .
The client can shutdown the connection abruptly by closing either of the channels ( this will close the socket ) or more “ cleanly ” by calling shutdown_connection .
If the server closes the connection , the client receives an end of file on the input channel .
A service can be established with the establish_server function .
The function establish_server f addr establishes a service on the address addr and handles requests with the function f .
Each connection to the server creates a new socket and forks .
The child creates a pair of Pervasives input / output channels on the socket to communicate with the client and gives them to f to provide the service .
Once f returns the child closes the socket and exits .
If the client closes the connection cleanly , the child gets and end of file on the input channel and if it does n’t it may receive a sigpipe signal when f writes on the output channel .
As for the parent , it has probably already handled another request !
The establish_server function never terminates , except in case of error ( e.g. of the OCaml runtime or the system during the establishment of the service ) .
6.13 Examples of protocols
In simple cases ( rsh , rlogin , … ) , the data transmitted between a client and a server is naturally represented by two streams of bytes , one from the client to the server and the other in the reverse direction .
In other cases , the data to transmit is more complex , and requires to be encoded and decoded to / from the streams of bytes .
The client and the server must then agree on a precise transmission protocol , which specifies the format of requests and responses exchanged on the connection .
Most protocols used by Unix commands are specified in documents called “ rfc ” ( request for comments ) : these documents start as proposals open for discussion , and gradually become standards over time , as users adopt the described protocol .
2
“ Binary ” protocols
Most binary protocols transmit data in a compact format , as close as possible to the in -memory representation , in order to minimize the encoding / decoding work needed for transmission and save network bandwidth .
Typical examples of protocols of this type are the x -window protocol , which governs exchanges between the x server and x applications , and the nfs protocol ( rfc 1094 ) .
Binary protocols usually encode data as follows .
An integer or floating point number is represented by its 1 , 2 , 4 , or 8 bytes binary representation .
A string by its length as an integer followed by its contents as bytes .
A structured object ( tuple , record ) by the representation of its fields in order .
A variable size structure ( array , list ) by its length as an integer followed by the representation of its elements .
If the exact type of data being transmitted in known to a process it can easily recreate it in its memory .
When different type of data is exchanged on a socket the data encoding can be preceded by an integer to identify the data that follows .
Example
The XFillPolygon call of the x library , which draws and fills a polygon , sends a message with the following structure to the x server : the byte 69 ( the code of the FillPoly command )
command ) a padding byte
a 16 bit integer specifying the number n of vertices of the polygon
of vertices of the polygon a 32 bit integer identifying the window on which to draw
a 32 bit integer identifying the “ graphic context ”
a “ form ” byte , indicating whether the polygon is convex , etc .
a byte indicating whether the coordinates of the vertices are absolute or relative
4 n bytes encoding the coordinates of the polygon ’s vertices by two 16 bit integers * * *
With binary protocols we must pay attention to the computer architecture of the communicating machines .
In particular for multi - byte integers , big-endian machines store the most significant byte first ( that is , in memory , at the lower - address ) and little - endian machines store the least significant byte first .
For instance , the 16 bit integer 12345 = 48 × 256 + 57 is represented by the byte 48 at the address n and the byte 57 at the address n+1 on a big-endian machine , and by the byte 57 at the address n and the byte 48 at the address n+1 on a little - endian machine .
Hence protocols must precisely specify which convention they use when multi- bytes integers are transmitted .
Another option is to allow both and have it specified in the header of the transmitted message .
The OCaml system helps to encode and decode data structures ( a procedure called marshalling , serialization or pickling in the literature ) by providing two functions to convert an OCaml value into a sequence of bytes and vice versa :
These function are defined to save values to a disk file and get them back but they can also be used to transmit any value on a pipe or a socket .
They handle any OCaml values except functions , preserve sharing and circularities inside values and work correctly between machines of different endianness .
More information can be found in the Marshal module .
Note that semantically , the type of input_value is incorrect .
It is too general , it is not true that the result of input_value is of type ' a for any type ' a .
The value returned by input_value belongs to a precise type , and not to all possible types .
But this type cannot be determined at compile time , it depends on the content of the channel read at runtime .
Type - checking input_value correctly requires an extension to the ML language known as dynamic objects : values are paired with a representation of their type allowing to perform runtime type checks .
Consult [ 15 ] for a detailed presentation .
Example
If the x -window protocol was written in OCaml , we would define a variant type request for requests sent to the server and a reply type for server responses : type request = | FillPolyReq of ( int * int ) array * drawable * graphic_context * poly_shape * coord_mode | GetAtomNameReq of atom | ... and reply = | GetAtomNameReply of string | ...
The core of the server would be a loop that reads and decodes a request and responds by writing a reply : (* Get a connection request on the descriptor s *) let requests = in_channel_of_descr s and replies = out_channel_of_descr s in try while true do match input_value requests with ... | FillPoly ( vertices , drawable , gc , shape , mode ) -> fill_poly vertices drawable gc shape mode | GetAtomNameReq atom -> output_value replies ( GetAtomNameReply ( get_atom_name atom ) ) | ... done with End_of_file -> (* end of the connection *)
The functions of the x library , linked with each application would have the following structure : (* First establish a connection with the server on the descriptor s *) ... let requests = out_channel_of_descr s and replies = in_channel_of_descr s ; ; let fill_poly vertices drawable gc shape mode = output_value requests ( FillPolyReq ( vertices , drawable , gc , shape , mode ) ) ; ; let get_atom_name atom = output_value requests ( GetAtomNameReq atom ) ; match input_value replies with | GetAtomNameReply name -> name | _ -> fatal_protocol_error " get_atom_name " ; ; * * *
Remote procedure call
Another typical incarnation of binary protocols is remote procedure calls ( rpc ) .
A user on machine A wants to call a function f on a machine B .
This is obviously not directly possible .
It can be programmed on a case by case basis using the system to open a connection to the machine B , execute the call and send the result back to the machine A .
But since this is a common situation , an rpc service can handle that ( see figure 4 ) .
An rpc server runs on both machine A and B .
A user on machine A requests the rpc server on the machine to execute a function on the distant machine B .
The server on A relays the request to the rpc server on machine B which executes the call to f , sends the result back to the server on A which gives the result to the user .
The point is that another user can call another function on B by going through the same server on A .
The connection work is shared by the rpc service installed on the machines A and B and from the perspective of the users , everything happens as if these calls were simple function calls ( dashed arrows ) .
“ Text ” protocols
Network services where the efficiency of the protocol is not crucial are often “ text ” protocols .
A “ text ” protocol is in fact a small command language .
Requests are command lines , the first word identifies the request type and the possible remaining words the command ’s arguments .
Responses are also made of one or more lines of text , often starting with a numerical code to identify the kind of response .
Here are some “ text ” protocols :
Name Descr . Purpose smtp ( Simple Mail Transfer Protocol ) rfc 821 Electronic mail ftp ( File Transfer Protocol ) rfc 959 File transfer nttp ( Network News Transfer Protocol ) rfc 977 News reading http /1.0 ( HyperText Transfer Protocol ) rfc 1945 Web navigation http / 1.1 ( HyperText Transfer Protocol ) rfc 2068 Web navigation
The great advantage of these protocols is that the exchanges between the server and the client are human readable .
For example we can just use the telnet command to talk directly to the server .
Invoke telnet host service where host is the host name on which the server is running the service service ( e.g. http , smtp , nntp , etc. ) and then type in the requests as a client would , the server ’s responses will be printed on standard output .
This makes it easier to understand the protocol .
However coding and decoding requests and responses is more involved than for binary protocols and the message size also tends to be larger which is less efficient .
Example
Here is an example of an interactive dialog , in the shell , to send an email on an smtp server .
The lines preceded by >> go from the client to the server , and are typed in by the user .
The lines preceded by << go from the server to the client .
telnet margaux smtp Trying 128.93.8.2 ... Connected to margaux.inria.fr .
Escape character is '^ ] ' .
<< 220 margaux.inria.fr Sendmail 5.64+/AFUU -3 ready at Wed , 15 Apr 92 17:40:59 >>
HELO pomerol.inria.fr << 250 Hello pomerol.inria.fr , pleased to meet you >>
MAIL From :< god@heavens.sky.com > << 250 < god@heavens.sky.com >...
Sender ok >> RCPT To:<xleroy@margaux.inria.fr > << 250 < xleroy@margaux.inria.fr >...
Recipient ok >> DATA << 354 Enter mail , end with " . " on a line by itself >>
From : god@heavens.sky.com ( Himself ) >>
To : xleroy@margaux.inria.fr >>
Subject : Hello ! >> >>
Is everything ok down there ? >> . << 250 Ok >> QUIT << 221 margaux.inria.fr closing connection Connection closed by foreign host .
The commands HELO , MAIL and RCPT respectively send to the server : the name of the client machine , the address of the sender and the address of the recipient .
The DATA command asks to send the body of the email .
The body of the message is then entered and ended by a line containing the single character '.' ( would the body of the email contain such a line , we just double the initial '. ' on that line , this additional period is then suppressed by the server ) .
The responses from the server are all made of a 3 digit numerical code followed by a comment .
Responses of the form 5 xx indicate an error and those with 2xx , that everything is fine .
When the client is a real program it only interprets the response code , the comment is only to help the person who develops the mail system .
* * *
6.14 Complete example : http requests
The http protocol ( HyperText Transfer Protocol ) is primarily used to read documents over the famous “ world wide web ” .
This domain is a niche area of client - server examples : between the client that reads a page and the server that writes it there is a myriad of intermediary relays that act as virtual servers for the real client or delegated clients for the real server .
These relay often provide additional service like caching , filtering , etc . .
There are several versions of the http protocol .
To allow us to focus on the essentials , namely the architecture of clients or relays , we use the simple protocol inherited from the very first versions of the protocol .
Even if dust - covered it is still understood by most servers .
At the end of the section we describe a more modern , but also more complex , version which is needed to make real tools to explore the web .
We do however leave the translation of the examples to this new version as an exercise .
Version 1.0 of the http protocol specified in rfc 1945 defines simple requests of the form :
GET sp uri crlf
where sp represents a space and crlf the string " \r
" ( “ return ” followed by “ linefeed ” ) .
The response to a simple request is also simple : the content of the url is sent directly , without any headers and the end of the request is signaled by the end of file , which closes the connection .
This form of request , inherited from version 0.9 of the protocol , limits the connection to a single request .
Fetching a url
We write a geturl program that takes a single argument , a url , retrieves the resource it denotes on the web and displays it .
The first task is to parse the url to extract the name of the protocol ( here , necessarily " http " ) , the address of the server , the optional port and the absolute path of the document on the server .
This is done with Str , OCaml ’s regular expression library .
open Unix ; ; exception Error of string let error err mes = raise ( Error ( err ^ " : " ^ mes ) ) ; ; let handle_error f x = try f x with Error err -> prerr_endline err ; exit 2 let default_port = " 80 " ; ; type regexp = { regexp : Str.regexp ; fields : ( int * string option ) list ; } let regexp_match r string = let get ( pos , default ) = try Str.matched_group pos string with Not_found -> match default with Some s -> s | _ -> raise Not_found in try if Str.string_match r.regexp string 0 then Some ( List.map get r.fields ) else None with Not_found ->
None ; ; let host_regexp = { regexp = Str.regexp " \\ ( [ ^ / :]*\\) \\(:\\ ( [ 0 - 9 ] +\\ ) \\ ) ? " ; fields = [ 1 , None ; 3 , Some default_port ; ] } ; ; let url_regexp = { regexp = Str.regexp " http://\\([ ^/:]*\\( :[ 0 - 9 ] +\\ ) ?\\) \\(/.*\\ ) " ; fields = [ 1 , None ; 3 , None ] } ; ; let parse_host host = match regexp_match host_regexp host with | Some ( host :: port :: _ ) -> host , int_of_string port | _ -> error host " Ill formed host " ; ; let parse_url url = match regexp_match url_regexp url with | Some ( host :: path :: _ ) -> parse_host host , path | _ -> error url " Ill formed url " ; ;
Sending a simple request is a trivial task , as the following function shows .
let send_get url sock = let s = Printf.sprintf " GET %s\r
" url in ignore ( write sock s 0 ( String.length s ) ) ; ;
Note that the url can be complete , with the address and port of the server , or just contain the requested path on the server .
Reading the response is even easier , since only the document is returned , without any additional information .
If there ’s an error in the request , the error message returned by the server as an html document .
Thus we just print the response with the function Misc.retransmit without indicating whether this is an error or the desired document .
The rest of the program establishes the connection with the server .
let get_url proxy url fdout = let ( hostname , port ) , path = match proxy with | None -> parse_url url |
Some host -> parse_host host , url in let hostaddr = try inet_addr_of_string hostname with Failure _ -> try ( gethostbyname hostname ) .h_addr_list .(0 ) with Not_found -> error hostname " Host not found " in let sock = socket PF_INET SOCK_STREAM 0 in Misc.try_finalize begin function ( ) -> connect sock ( ADDR_INET ( hostaddr , port ) ) ; send_get path sock ; Misc.retransmit sock fdout end ( ) close sock ; ;
We conclude , as usual , by parsing the command line .
let geturl ( ) = let len = Array.
length Sys.argv in if len < 2 then error " Usage : " ( Sys.argv . ( 0 ) ^ " [ proxy [ :< port > ] ] < url > " ) else let proxy , url = if len > 2 then Some Sys.argv .
( 1 ) , Sys.argv .
( 2 ) else None , Sys.argv .
( 1 ) in get_url proxy url stdout ; ; handle_unix_error ( handle_error geturl ) ( ) ; ;
http relay
We program an http relay ( or proxy ) , which is a server that redirects http requests from a client to another server ( or relay … ) and forwards responses from that server back to the client .
The role of a relay is shown in in figure 5 .
When a client uses a relay , it addresses its requests to the relay rather than to the individual http servers located around the world .
A relay has multiple advantages .
It can store the responses to the most recent or frequent requests and serve them without querying the remote server ( e.g. to avoid network overload or if the server is down ) .
It can filter the responses ( e.g. to remove advertisements or image , etc. ) .
It can also simplify the development of a program by making it see the whole world wide web through a single server .
The proxy port command launches the server on the port port ( or if omitted , on the default port for http ) .
We reuse the code of the get_url function ( we assume that the functions above are available in a Url module ) .
It only remains to write the code to analyze the requests and set up the server .
open Unix open
Url let get_regexp = { regexp = Str.regexp " ^ [ Gg ] [ Ee ] [ Tt ] [ \t ] +\\(.*[^ \t ] \\ ) [ \t ] * \r " ; fields = [ 1 , None ] } let parse_request line = match regexp_match get_regexp line with | Some ( url :: _ ) -> url | _ -> error line " Ill formed request "
We establish the service with the establish_server function , thus we just need to define the function to handle a connection :
let proxy_service ( client_sock , _ ) = let service ( ) = try let in_chan = in_channel_of_descr client_sock in let line = input_line in_chan in let url = parse_request line in get_url None url client_sock with End_of_file -> error " Ill formed request " " End_of_file encountered " in Misc.try_finalize ( handle_error service ) ( ) close client_sock
and the rest of the program just establishes the service :
let proxy ( ) = let http_port = if Array.length Sys.argv > 1 then try int_of_string Sys.argv .
( 1 ) with Failure _ -> error Sys.argv .
(1 ) " Incorrect port " else try ( getservbyname " http " " tcp " ) .
s_port with Not_found -> error " http " " Unknown service " in let treat_connection s = Misc.double_fork_treatment s proxy_service in let addr = ADDR_INET ( inet_addr_any , http_port ) in Misc.tcp_server treat_connection addr ; ; handle_unix_error ( handle_error proxy ) ( ) ; ;
The http /1.1 protocol
Simple http requests need one connection per request .
This is inefficient because most requests on a server are followed by others ( e.g. if a client gets a web page with images , it will subsequently request the images ) and the time to establish a connection can easily exceed the time spent in handling the request itself ( chapter 7 show how we can reduce this by handling the requests with threads rather than processes ) .
Version 1.1 of the http described in rfc 2068 uses complex requests that allow to make multiple requests on a single connection3 .
In complex requests , the server precedes every response with a header describing the format of the response and possibly the size of the document transmitted .
The end of the document is no longer indicated by an end of file , since we know its size .
The connection can therefore stay open to handle more requests .
Complex requests have the following form :
GET sp uri sp HTTP / 1.1 crlf header crlf
The header part defines a list of key - value fields with the following syntax :
field : value crlf
Superfluous spaces are allowed around the ' :' separator and any space can always be replaced by a tab or a sequence of spaces .
The header fields can also span several lines : in this case , and in this case only , the crlf end of line lexeme is immediately followed by a space sp .
Finally , uppercase and lowercase letters are equivalent in the keyword of fields and in the values of certain fields .
Mandatory and optional fields depend on the type of request .
For instance , a GET request must have a field indicating the destination machine :
Host : hostname crlf
For this type of request , we may also request , using the optional field If - Modified , that the document be returned only if it has been modified since a given date .
If - Modified : date crlf
The number of fields in the header is not fixed in advance but indicated by the end of the header : a line containing only the characters crlf .
Here is a complete request ( on each line an implicit
follows the \r ) :
GET / ~remy / HTTP/1.1\r Host:pauillac.inria.fr\r
\r
A response to a complex request is also a complex response .
It contains a status line , a header , and the body of the response , if any .
HTTP /1.1 sp status sp message crlf header crlf body
The fields of a response header have a syntax similar to that of a request but the required and optional fields are different ( they depend on type of request and the status of the response — see the full documentation of the protocol ) .
The body of the response can be transmitted in a single block , in chunks or be empty :
If the body is a single block the header contains a Content - Length field specifying in decimal ascii notation the number of bytes in the body .
field specifying in decimal notation the number of bytes in the body .
If the body is transmitted in chunks , the header contains a Transfer - Encoding field with the value “ chunked ” .
The body is then a set of chunks and ends with an empty chunk .
A chunk is of the form : size [ ; arg ] crlf chunk crlf where size is the size of the chunk in hexadecimal notation and chunk is a chunk of the response body of the given size ( the part between [ and ] is optional and can safely be ignored ) .
The last , empty , chunk is always of the following form : 0 crlf header crlf crlf
field with the value “ ” .
The body is then a set of chunks and ends with an empty chunk .
A chunk is of the form : where is the size of the chunk in hexadecimal notation and is a chunk of the response body of the given size ( the part between and is optional and can safely be ignored ) .
The last , empty , chunk is always of the following form :
If the response does not contain a Content - Length field and that it is not chunked , the body is empty ( for instance , a response to a request of type HEAD contains only a header ) .
Here is an example of a single block response :
HTTP/1.1 200 OK\r Date : Sun , 10 Nov 2002 09:14:09 GMT\r Server : Apache / 1.2.6\r Last - Modified : Mon , 21 Oct 2002 13:06:21 GM
T\r ETag : " 359-e0d-3db3 fbcd " \r Content - Length : 3597 \r Accept - Ranges : bytes\r Content - Type : text / html\r \r < html > ... </html >
The status 200 indicates that the request was successful .
A 301 means the url was redirected to another url defined in the Location field of the response .
The 4XX statuses indicate errors on the client side while 5XX errors on the server side .
Exercise 15 Write a relay that works with the http / 1.1 protocol .
* * *
Exercise 16
Add a cache to the relay .
Pages are saved on the hard drive and when a requested page is available in the cache , it is served unless too old .
In that case the server is queried again and the cache updated .
* * *
Demoralized Democrats
Reader MK writes :
I 've voted for Democrats all my life .
I 've campaigned for and donated to the Democratic Party .
But if they say they can't or wo n't go any further on health care because they only have 59 votes in the Senate , they deserve to lose .
I 'm hearing a lot of this .
Last night , I was talking to a committed Democrat .
A Massachusetts Democrat , in fact .
And her despair was persuasive .
" I did n't vote for a party that would abandon my agenda because it lost one seat in the Senate , " she said .
" The party I voted for , and want to be part of , would recognize political opportunity in the waning days of its supermajority and pass what it could pass , and then keep coming back for more . "
The loss in Massachusetts was a terrible disappointment to Democrats .
But it can be explained away .
Martha Coakley was a terrible candidate .
Scott Brown ran an excellent campaign .
These things happen .
But the reaction congressional Democrats have had to Coakley 's loss has been much more shattering .
It has been a betrayal .
The fundamental pact between a political party and its supporters is that the two groups believe the same thing and pledge to work on it together .
And the Democratic base feels that it has held to its side of the bargain .
It elected a Democratic majority and a Democratic president .
It swallowed tough compromises on the issues it cared about most .
It swallowed concessions to politicians it did n't like and industry groups it loathed .
But it persisted .
Because these things are important .
That 's why those voters believe in them .
That 's why they 're Democrats .
But the party looks ready to abandon them because Brown won a special election in Massachusetts -- even though Democrats can pass the bill after Brown is seated .
What that says is crucial :
Whereas the base thought it was making these hard compromises and getting up early to knock on doors because these issues are important , the party thought all that was happening because , well , it 's hard to say .
It was electorally convenient ?
People need something to do ?
Ted Kennedy wanted it done ?
If Democrats let go of health care , there is no doubt that a demoralized Democratic base will stay home in November .
And that 's as it should be .
If the Democratic Party wo n't uphold its end of the bargain , there 's no reason its base should pretend the deal is still on .
Mr Mabhouh was given an electric shock and then smothered with a pillow while staying at the Al Bustan Rotana Hotel near Dubai Airport .
He is thought to have been lured there from his home in Syria on the pretence of buying arms for Hamas .
It 's time to set the record straight .
The only reliable way to lose weight is to eat less or exercise more .
Preferably both .
So why bother to state the obvious ?
Because a body of scientific literature has arisen over recent years , suggesting that fat oxidation -- burning the fats we eat as opposed to the carbohydrates -- is enough to promote fat loss .
It is n't .
Sydney scientists have demonstrated that mice genetically altered to burn fats in preference to carbohydrates , will convert the unburned carbohydrates into stored fat anyway , and their ultimate weight and body composition will be the same as normal mice .
It all comes down to an enzyme known as ACC2 ( acetyl - CoA carboxylase ) , which controls whether cells burn fats or carbohydrates .
When it was shown that ' blocking ' ACC2 will force cells to burn fats in preference to carbohydrates , many assumed that such ' fat burning ' could make fat stores evaporate , and make people thin without changing food intake or energy expenditure .
Associate Professor Greg Cooney , from Sydney 's Garvan Institute of Medical Research , discusses misconceptions surrounding ACC2 in findings that appear in the journal , Cell Metabolism , online January 6 .
" Our data urges a correction in people 's concept of a magic bullet -- something that will miraculously make them thin while they sit on the couch watching television , " said Professor Cooney .
advertisement
" While none of the large pharmaceutical companies have marketed ACC2 inhibitors , there are many kinds of so - called ' fat - burning pills ' available in the health food , body building and alternative medicine markets , where limited clinical effectiveness data are required . "
" Many such products can also contain potentially harmful stimulants or come with a recommendation to follow a calorie - controlled diet and do more exercise while taking them .
If you follow those recommendations , then of course you 'll lose weight -- but you 'd lose it anyway . "
" The energy you use in your home can come from a coal - fired power station , hydroelectric power , or a wind turbine .
You wo n't know which because the end result is electricity . "
" The energy that fuels your body can come from fats , proteins or carbohydrates .
You wo n't know which because the end result is ATP , or cellular energy . "
" Your body will use the energy it needs and store the leftover fats , proteins or carbohydrates as fat .
When you do the sums , it 's ultimately a matter of calories in and calories out . "
" It 's important to stress that the focus of our study was limited to an analysis of the impact of fat oxidation on overall fatness .
We did n't investigate all impacts of fat oxidation -- and so we do n't rule out benefits of burning off fats in specific tissues . "
" For example , manipulating fat metabolism may -- or may not -- lead to better insulin action in muscles or in the liver .
Should insulin action be improved , that would obviously benefit obese people with Type 2 diabetes .
But we can't comment either way until we do the experiments . "
And the take - home message ?
Follow a healthy , balanced diet and get plenty of exercise .
If you 're not happy with the results , please do another search
Contact Hans - Hermann Hoppe
Hans -Hermann Hoppe is an Austrian school economist and libertarian / anarcho - capitalist philosopher .
He is the founder and president of The Property and Freedom Society .
Human Rights
Watch does not see the US blockade of Cuba as a human rights abuse .
By Tim Anderson
February 11 , 2010 --
In late 2009 the New York - based group Human Rights Watch published a report titled New Castro Same Cuba .
Based on the testimony of former prisoners , the report systematically condemns the Cuban government as an “ abusive ” regime that uses its “ repressive machinery … draconian laws and sham trials to incarcerate scores more who have dared to exercise their fundamental freedoms ” .
The group says it interviewed 40 political prisoners and claims to have identified extraordinary laws by which Cubans can be imprisoned simply for expressing views critical of their socialist system .
At first glance one might be forgiven for thinking that Cuba must be among the worst of human rights abusers in the Americas .
A little reflection , however , might lead one to question such statements coming from the USA , a country with thousands held in an international network of secret prisons , many subject to torture regimes .
So how credible is this scathing report on Cuba ?
And who does Human Rights Watch represent ?
Answering the latter question is a little more difficult than it is for other organisations such as the National Endowment for Democracy ( NED ) , established by the US government , or even the France - based Reporters without Borders ( RSF ) , funded directly by the US State Department for some of its anti-Cuba campaigns .
In the manner of " embedded journalists " who travel with US troops around the world , the NED and RSF can be considered " embedded watchdogs " , helping to legitimise or delegitimise regimes , consistent with US policy .
` Privatised , US - based selection of issues '
Human Rights
Watch , however , is not funded by the US government .
Yet it gets most of its funds from a variety of US foundations , in turn funded by many of the biggest US corporations .
These wealthy , private foundations often tie their contributions to particular projects .
So for example HRW 's Middle East reports often rely on and acknowledge grants from pro-Israel foundations .
Other groups ask for a focus on women ’s rights or HIV / AIDS issues .
More than 90 % of HRW ’s US$ 100 million budget in 2009 was " restricted " in this way .
In other words , HRW offers a privatised , wealthy , US - based selection of rights issues .
The coordination of all these interests is best illustrated through HRW ’s new chairperson , James F. Hoge Jr. A publisher and journalist , Hoge was editor of Foreign Affairs from 1992 to 2009 , and a prominent member of that magazine ’s sponsor , the New York - based Council on Foreign Relations ( CFR ) .
The CFR , regarded as the most influential of US foreign policy think tank , includes much of the US corporate elite ( including banks and media ) as well as past and present leaders of the two major parties .
Past US secretaries of state , such as Henry Kissinger and Condoleezza Rice , and the current US secretary of deence Robert Gates are CFR members .
It is really a " Who ’s Who " of the US elite .
The HRW board is similarly dominated by the US corporate elite , such as banking and corporate media executives , and some academics , but not government officials .
The board includes former Mexican foreign minister Jorge Castañeda ( a former Marxist academic turned right - wing politician ) , while Chilean - born lawyer José Miguel Vivanco serves as director of HRW ’s Americas division .
Vivanco has been the subject of most controversy in Latin America through his attacks on Venezuela and Cuba .
If HRW has at times appeared to be acting somewhat independently of US foreign policy , for example , when it supported the US " war on terror " but criticised US operations in Iraq , this has not been the case in Latin America , where the group has closely followed Washington ’s line .
Of the HRW 's reports on Latin America over the past few years , the only systematic criticism of regimes has been of Venezuela and Cuba .
Reports on Brazil , Honduras and Mexico have been on much more specific issues , such as police violence , transgender people 's rights and military justice .
When it comes to Colombia , HRW has published reports on the use of landmines and the " paramilitary mafias " .
The latter report does note that Colombia has had worse violence " than almost any other country in the western hemisphere " .
Indeed , Colombia is way ahead of any other Latin American country in terms of the murder of trade unionists , journalists , lawyers and ordinary people .
The Colombian military and its allied right - wing militias have been responsible for most of this slaughter , yet HRW blames left guerrillas and right militias equally , without implicating the regime of Alvaro Uribe , the major Latin American recipient of US aid .
Biased reports
On the other hand , the group ’s December 2008 report on Venezuela ( A Decade Under Chavez ) had an open political motivation .
According to Vivanco , it was written “ because we wanted to demonstrate to the world that Venezuela is not a model for anyone ” .
That report was roundly criticised by more than a hundred academics for not meeting " even the most minimal standards of scholarship , impartiality , accuracy of credibility " .
Rather than a careful report on human rights , it was an attempt to discredit a government , mainly on the basis on allegations of " political discrimination " in employment and the judiciary .
The evidence was poor and the approach anything but systematic .
HRW disregarded this criticism .
The recent report on Cuba ( Different Castro , Same Cuba ) is a similar attempt to pillory an entire social system on the basis of some anecdotes .
As has been the case for some years , the major US focus on " human rights " in Cuba is on the few dozen people arrested and jailed for what HRW says was simply pursuing their basic rights .
The Cuban government says most of these people were taking money from US programs designed to overthrow the Cuban social system .
HRW ignores Cuba ’s right to protect itself from Washington ’s interventionist programs .
In respect of the 40 former prisoners said to have been interviewed in Cuba , HRW draws attention to what it calls a law :
“ that allows the state to imprison individuals before they have committed a crime , on the suspicion that they might commit an offence in the future …
This ‘ dangerousness ’ provision [ refers to ] any behaviour that contradicts socialist norms .
The most Orwellian of Cuba ’s laws , it captures the essence of the Cuban government ’s repressive mindset . ”
Other laws have been used , it says , which :
“ criminalize the exercise of fundamental freedoms , including laws penalizing contempt , insubordination , and acts against the independence of the state .
Indeed , article 62 of the Cuban constitution prohibits the exercise of any basic right that runs contrary to ‘ the ends of the socialist state ’ . ”
HRW also claims that in January 2009 a number of young people in eastern Cuba were charged with " dangerousness " simply for being unemployed .
One was said to have been jailed for two years just “ for being unemployed ” .
HRW notes that Cuba links some arrests to “ a US policy aimed at toppling the Castro government …
However , in the scores of cases Human Rights Watch examined for this report , this argument falls flat . ”
Let ’s examine some of the legal and practical aspects of these claims .
Firstly , article 62 of the Cuban constitution actually says that citizens liberties " cannot be used against that established by constitution and the law , nor against the existence and objects of the socialist state , nor against the decision of the Cuban people to build socialism " .
That is not the same thing as " prohibiting the exercise of any basic right that runs contrary to ‘ the ends of the socialist state ' " .
Dissent is not the same thing as attacking the constitutional order .
Legally , there is indeed a principle of " social dangerousness " in Cuban law , but is a concept that qualifies criminal and other offences .
For example , " social dangerousness " can aggravate an " act " which is an offence under labour law ( Law 176 ) .
Conversely , under the Penal Code ( art. 14 ) the absence of " social dangerousness " can mitigate the penalty for an offence .
The " dangerous state " defined by the Penal Code ( art. 72 ) is also a qualifier to a range of anti-social conduct , including drunkenness .
In other words , the HRW focus on " dangerousness " is an artefact .
There is no substantive offence of " dangerousness " .
It is a qualifier to actual conduct .
Similarly , the fact of being unemployed in Cuba is not any sort of offence .
That is just absurd .
` Dissidents '
However in the case of the celebrated " dissidents " – which include many of the " independent journalists " and " human rights defenders " funded by the US State Department and USAID programs to promote a " transition " in Cuba – the possession of large amounts of money while unemployed can constitute evidence of an offence .
For example , " dissident " Oscar Espinosa Chepe had been unemployed for 10 years at the time of his March 2003 arrest , yet he had more than $ 7000 hidden in the lining of his suit .
That money could have been in the bank with his other savings , but it had recently come from a US - linked group .
Similarly , Raúl Rivero , Héctor Palacios , Osvaldo Alfonso Valdés and others were charged because there was evidence ( including receipts ) that they had received money from US programs aimed to overthrow the Cuban constitution .
The HRW report ignores this evidence .
The same Miami groups that sent money to these Cubans ( but note , most of the US government money stays in Miami , provoking conflicts within these groups ) had organised bombings of tourist hotels in Cuba in the late 1990s .
Cuban authorities are unsurprisingly intolerant of this terrorism .
The March 2003 arrests were provoked by Cuban fears that the Bush regime would mount an Iraq - style invasion , making use of these paid agents .
After the New Castro report , Human Rights Watch maintained its campaign on behalf of the US - funded " dissidents " .
It demanded in January 2010 that the Cuban government " immediately cease its harassment of the blind human rights defender Juan Carlos González Leiva , a leader of the Council of Human Rights Rapporteurs " .
González Leiva heads the Camagüey chapter of the Cuban Foundation for Human Rights , a body which has been funded by Washington via Miami for at least a decade .
Some US " aid " for Cuban agents bypasses Miami .
The US government directly supports the " independent journalists " over whom both Reporters Without Borders ( RSF ) and HRW express so much righteous anger .
The US Interests Section in Havana ( the de facto embassy ) directly prints the Revista de Cuba magazine of the " Márquez Sterling Journalists Society " , while El Disidente magazine is printed in Puerto Rico but distributed through the Interests Section .
This information is published in some detail in Cuba but is barely mentioned by HRW , or in any other US reports .
Since the US " consensus " has effectively disqualified the entire Cuban system , no regard need be paid to such detail .
Yet there can be no doubt that independent countries have the right to self - defence from US subversion and terrorism .
HRW does not condemn US blockade
HRW says the 50 - year economic blockade by the US of Cuba has failed , but ( unlike the 187 countries that voted against the blockade at the United Nations in 2009 ) the New York - based group does not condemn this blockade as a violation of human rights .
Rather , HRW argues that Cuba uses the blockade as a pretext for repression .
It proposes a new program against Cuba where Europe and Latin America join with Washington in demanding " the unconditional release of all political prisoners " , including " the 53 dissidents still in prison from the 2003 crackdown " .
If these demands do not achieve their end , then countries , including the US , " should be able to choose individually whether or not to impose their own restrictions on Cuba " .
In fact , the US is the only country with such sanctions against Cuba .
This sort of " human rights intervention " is consistent with US foreign policy in Latin America .
Dispensing with troublesome , independent regimes was practised ad nauseum throughout the " American Century " , and was always backed by the US corporate elite .
Delegitimisation campaigns have always preceded " regime change " , for example in Guatemala and Chile .
Human Rights
Watch apparently sees no abuse of human rights in such interventions .
Sitting down with CIA agents
José Miguel Vivanco has sat on panels with Caleb McCarry , the Bush - appointed and Washington - based " Transition Administrator " for a " Free Cuba " , without a word about the appalling human rights abuse implicit in one country pretending to organise the political " transition " of another country .
On this count , HRW needs a little homework on article 1 of the International Bill of Rights , which sets out the " right of a people to self - determination " .
Vivanco has similarly spoken on panels with former CIA agents Frank Calzon and Carlos Montaner , people who have personally organised terrorist attacks on Cuba .
He did not sit down to condemn them for these attacks , but rather to concur with them over support for the US - backed " dissidents " .
Such is the flexibility of his advocacy .
As a reward for his services , in June 2009 Vivanco received a National Endowment for Democracy award for his work for " Democracy in Cuba " .
This made the US government link quite clear .
US propaganda campaigns against Cuba have not flagged in half a century , and HRW is just one of the more recent contributors .
Responding to cries from the US for " human rights and freedom " , one Cuban diplomat wearily replied , " of course , and the US has a very long history in this , from Batista , Somoza , Trujillo , Duvalier , Pinochet , Videla " , referring to the US - backed dictators of Cuba , Nicaragua , the Dominican Republic , Haiti , Chile and Argentina .
All the prisoners HRW spoke with had been released .
One wonders what the HRW report might have said had it discovered a hidden prison in Cuba where hundreds were held without charge , tortured and argued to be beyond the reach of any legal system ?
In the case of those prisoners – held by the US military in occupied Cuba , at Guantanamo Bay – HRW wrote ( in January 2010 ) that US President Barrack Obama should “ renew his pledge ” to close the prison .
No condemnation of the " abusive " Washington regime for its " repressive machinery " .
But why should we expect such candour and self - criticism from the US elite ?
The lesson from the Human Rights Watch reports on Cuba is that we have nothing to learn about the little Caribbean island – whether on its weaknesses or strengths – from a self - appointed organisation which represents the US corporate and foreign policy elite .
[ Tim Anderson is a senior lecturer in political economy at Sydney University . ]
A note on sources : Some detail of the charges against the " dissidents " arrested in March 2003 was published at that time by Cuba ’s foreign ministry ( MINREX ) , and remains online .
More detail emerged in the 2003 book The Dissidents by Cuban journalists Luis Báez and Rosa Miriam Elizalde .
Many articles on the US - funded organisations ( mostly Miami - based , but also the Paris - based Reporters Without Borders ) that work with the US government against Cuba have been written by the French - Canadian journalist Jean - Guy Allard , French academic Salim Lamrani and US journalist Diana Barahona .
Human Rights
Watch funders appear in its annual reports and linked funding is often acknowledged in its country reports . ]
¿ Es creíble Human Rights Watch cuando habla de Cuba ?
Por Tim Anderson
Traducido para Rebelión por S. Seguí
A finales de 2009 , la organización Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) , con razón social en Nueva York , publicó un informe titulado .
Basándose en el testimonio de ex presos , el informe condenaba de manera sistemática al gobierno cubano , calificándolo de tiránico y acusándolo de utilizar “ su maquinaria represiva , leyes draconianas y juicios arbitrarios para encarcelar a decenas de personas que osaron ejercer sus libertades fundamentales ” .
El grupo afirma que entrevistó a 40 prisioneros políticos y que analizó las leyes extraordinarias que permiten que los cubanos puedan ser encarcelados simplemente por expresar opiniones críticas de su sistema socialista .
A primera vista , se nos podría perdonar por pensar que Cuba es uno de los peores violadores de los derechos humanos en las Américas .
Sin embargo , la más somera reflexión podría llevar a cuestionar tales declaraciones procedentes de los EE.UU . , un país con miles de prisioneros mantenidos en una red internacional de cárceles secretas , muchos de ellos sometidos a regímenes de tortura .
¿ Es creíble este informe crítico sobre Cuba ?
¿ A quién representa Human Rights Watch ?
La respuesta a la última pregunta es un poco más difícil que en el caso de otras organizaciones como la National Endowment for Democracy ( NED ) , establecida por el gobierno de los EE.UU . , o incluso Reporteros sin Fronteras ( RSF ) , con sede en Francia y financiada directamente por el Departamento de Estado usamericano en algunas de sus campañas contra Cuba .
A la manera de los “ periodistas empotrados ” que viajan con las tropas de EE.UU .
en todo el mundo , la NED y RSF pueden ser considerados “ vigilantes empotrados ” que contribuyen a legitimar o deslegitimar determinados gobiernos en función de la política de EE.UU .
Human Rights
Watch , sin embargo , no está financiada por el gobierno de los EE.UU . , si bien obtiene la mayor parte de sus fondos de una serie de fundaciones usamericanas a su vez financiadas por muchas de las mayores corporaciones de este país .
Estas fundaciones , privadas y adineradas , suelen vincular sus contribuciones a proyectos específicos .
Así , por ejemplo , los informes de HRW sobre Oriente Próximo a menudo se basan en informes de fundaciones pro israelíes y reciben financiación de las mismas .
Otros grupos piden un enfoque sobre los derechos de la mujer o el VIH / SIDA .
Más del 90 % de los 100 millones de dólares del presupuesto de HRW para 2009 estuvo “ limitado ” de esta manera .
En otras palabras , HRW ofrece una selección de asuntos privatizada y realizada en EE.UU .
que sirve a los intereses de los ricos .
La coordinación de todos estos intereses se ilustra con toda claridad por medio del nuevo presidente de HRW , James F. Hoge , Jr. , editor y periodista , redactor jefe de la publicación Foreign Affairs , de 1992 a 2009 , y miembro prominente del patrocinador de la misma , el Council on Foreign Relations ( CFR ) , ubicado en Nueva York .
El CFR , considerado como el más influyente think tank de la política exterior de los EE.UU. , incluye gran parte de la elite empresarial usamericana ( entre otros los bancos y los medios de comunicación ) , así como líderes pasados y presentes de los dos grandes partidos .
Ex secretarios de Estado como Henry Kissinger y Condoleezza Rice , y el actual secretario de Defensa Robert Gates , son miembros del CFR .
Su lista de miembros es realmente un Quién es quién de las elites usamericanas .
El consejo directivo de HRW está igualmente dominado por la elite corporativa de EE.UU . , como la banca y los grandes medios de comunicación , y algunos académicos , aunque no por funcionarios del gobierno .
El consejo directivo incluye al ex ministro de Asuntos Exteriores mexicano Jorge Castañeda ( académico que una vez fue marxista reconvertido en político de derecha ) , mientras que el abogado de origen chileno José Miguel Vivanco es director de la División de las Américas de HRW .
Vivanco ha sido objeto de una gran controversia en América Latina a causa de sus ataques contra Venezuela y Cuba .
Si HRW a veces parecía actuar con cierta independencia de la política exterior de EE.UU . , por ejemplo cuando apoyó la “ guerra contra el terrorismo ” pero criticó las operaciones de este país en Iraq , éste no ha sido el caso en América Latina , donde el grupo ha seguido al pie de la letra la línea de Washington .
De todos los informes de Human Rights Watch sobre América Latina de los últimos años , los únicos gobiernos a los que se les ha hecho estas críticas sistemáticas son los de Venezuela y Cuba .
Otros informes , sobre Brasil , Honduras y México , han tratado de cuestiones mucho más concretas , como la violencia de la policía , los derechos de los transexuales o la justicia militar .
Cuando se trata de Colombia , HRW ha publicado informes sobre el uso de minas terrestres y sobre las “ mafias paramilitares ” .
Este último informe de hecho recoge que Colombia tiene un más alto nivel de violencia “ que casi ningún otro país en el hemisferio occidental . ”
En realidad , Colombia está por delante de cualquier otro país latinoamericano en número de asesinatos de sindicalistas , periodistas , abogados y personas corrientes .
Los militares colombianos y sus aliados de las milicias de extrema derecha han sido responsables de la mayor parte de estas masacres y sin embargo HRW culpa a la guerrilla de izquierda y a las milicias de derecha por igual , sin implicar al régimen de Álvaro Uribe , el mayor receptor ayuda usamericana en América Latina .
Parcialidad en los informes
Por otra parte , el informe del grupo de diciembre de 2008 sobre Venezuela , titulado Una década de Chávez , tuvo una motivación política clara .
Según Vivanco , fue escrito “ porque queríamos demostrar al mundo que Venezuela no es un modelo para nadie ” .
Dicho informe fue duramente criticado por más de un centenar de académicos por no cumplir “ ni siquiera los estándares mínimos en materia de calidad académica , imparcialidad , exactitud o credibilidad . ”
Más que un informe detallado sobre los derechos humanos era un intento de desacreditar a un gobierno , principalmente sobre la base de las acusaciones de “ discriminación política ” en el empleo y el poder judicial .
La evidencia era escasa y el enfoque en absoluto sistemático .
HRW rechazó estas críticas .
El reciente informe sobre Cuba ( Un nuevo Castro , la misma Cuba ) es un intento de poner en la picota todo un sistema social basándose en algunas anécdotas .
Al igual que desde hace algunos años , EE.UU .
ha centrado su enfoque sobre derechos humanos en Cuba las pocas docenas de personas detenidas y encarceladas por lo que HRW considera que es simplemente la defensa de sus derechos básicos .
El gobierno cubano dice que la mayoría de estas personas aceptaban dinero proveniente de los programas de EE.UU .
para derrocar el sistema social cubano .
HRW ignora el derecho de Cuba a protegerse de los programas intervencionistas de Washington .
Con respecto a los 40 ex presos que afirma haber entrevistado en Cuba , HRW llama la atención sobre lo que denomina una ley :
“… que permite al Estado encarcelar a personas antes de que hayan cometido un delito , bajo la sospecha de que pudieran cometer un delito en el futuro … Esta disposición de “ peligrosidad ” [ se refiere ] a cualquier conducta que contradiga las normas socialistas .
Es la más orwelliana de las leyes de Cuba y refleja la esencia de la mentalidad represiva del gobierno cubano . ”
Otras leyes se han utilizado , afirma , para :
“… tipificar como delito el ejercicio de libertades fundamentales , en particular leyes que penalizan el desacato , la insubordinación , y las acciones contra la independencia del Estado .
En efecto , el artículo 62 de la Constitución cubana prohibe el ejercicio de cualquier derecho básico que sea contrario a “ los fines del Estado socialista ” .
HRW también afirma que en enero de 2009 algunos jóvenes de la zona oriental de Cuba fueron acusados de “ peligrosidad ” simplemente por estar desempleados .
Se decía que uno de ellos había sido encarcelado durante dos años , sólo por estar desempleado .
HRW señala que Cuba vincula algunas detenciones a “ una política usamericana destinada a derrocar al gobierno de Castro ...
Sin embargo , en las decenas de casos que Human Rights Watch examinó para la elaboración de este informe , esta afirmación no se sostiene .
Examen de algunos de los aspectos jurídicos y prácticos de estas afirmaciones .
En primer lugar , el artículo 62 de la Constitución cubana dice textualmente que “ Ninguna de las libertades reconocidas a los ciudadanos puede ser ejercida contra lo establecido en la Constitución y las leyes , ni contra la existencia y fines del Estado socialista , ni contra la decisión del pueblo cubano de construir el socialismo y el comunismo .
La infracción de este principio es punible . ” ( 1 ) Eso no es lo mismo que “ prohibir el ejercicio de cualquier derecho básico que vaya en contra de ' los fines del Estado socialista ’ .
La disidencia no es lo mismo que atacar el orden constitucional .
Legalmente , hay ciertamente el principio de “ peligrosidad social ” en la legislación cubana , pero se trata de un concepto que tipifica las infracciones penales y de otro tipo .
Por ejemplo , la peligrosidad social puede agravar un “ acto ” que sea un delito en virtud de la legislación laboral ( Ley 176 ) .
Por el contrario , en el Código Penal ( art. 14 ) la ausencia de “ peligrosidad social ” puede mitigar la pena por un delito .
El “ estado peligroso ” , definido por el Código Penal ( art. 72 ) tipifica también una serie de conductas antisociales , como la embriaguez .
En otras palabras , el enfoque de Human Rights Watch sobre “ peligrosidad ” es un montaje .
No hay delito sustantivo de “ peligrosidad ” .
Es un calificativo a la conducta real .
Asimismo , el hecho de estar desempleado en Cuba no constituye ningún tipo de delito ; es sencillamente absurdo .
Los “ disidentes ”
Sin embargo , en el caso de los famosos “ disidentes ” –entre los que se incluyen muchos de los calificados de periodistas independientes y defensores de derechos humanos , financiados por el Departamento de Estado de EE.UU .
y los programas de USAID para promover una “ transición ” en Cuba — la posesión de grandes cantidades de dinero , en una situación de desempleo , puede constituir una prueba de delito .
Por ejemplo , el “ disidente ” Oscar Espinosa
Chepe estaba en paro desde hacía diez años en el momento de su detención en marzo de 2003 ; sin embargo , tenía más de 7.000 dólares escondidos en el forro de su traje .
Ese dinero podía haber estado en el banco junto con sus otros ahorros , pero lo había conseguido recientemente de un grupo vinculado a Estados Unidos .
Del mismo modo , Raúl Rivero , Héctor Palacios , Osvaldo Alfonso Valdés y otros fueron acusados porque había pruebas ( entre otras , recibos ) de que habían recibido dinero de los programas de EE.UU .
destinados a derrocar la Constitución cubana .
El informe de HRW hace caso omiso de esta evidencia .
Los mismos grupos de Miami que enviaron el dinero a estos cubanos ( aunque la mayor parte del dinero del gobierno usamericano se queda en Miami , lo que provoca conflictos dentro de estos grupos ) eran los que habían organizado los atentados de los hoteles turísticos en Cuba en la década de 1990 .
No es sorprendente que las autoridades cubanas sean intolerantes ante este terrorismo .
Las detenciones de marzo de 2003 fueron provocadas por los temores de Cuba de que el régimen de Bush pudiera organizar una invasión al estilo de Iraq haciendo uso de estos agentes pagados .
Tras el informe sobre el Nuevo Castro , HRW mantuvo su campaña en favor de los “ disidentes ” financiados por Estados Unidos .
En enero de 2010 ha exigido que el gobierno cubano “ ponga fin de inmediato al hostigamiento del invidente y defensor de los derechos humanos Juan Carlos González Leiva , líder del Consejo de Relatores de Derechos Humanos ” .
González Leiva encabeza el capítulo de Camagüey de la Fundación Cubana de Derechos Humanos , un organismo que ha sido financiado por Washington a través de Miami por lo menos durante diez años .
Una parte de la ayuda usamericana a los agentes cubanos pasa por alto a los cubanos de Miami .
El gobierno de EE.UU .
apoya directamente a los “ periodistas independientes ” , sobre los que tanto Reporteros Sin Fronteras ( RSF ) como Human Rights Watch manifiestan su santa indignación .
La Sección de Intereses de EE.UU . en La Habana ( la embajada usamericana de facto ) imprime directamente la Revista de Cuba de la Marquez Sterling Journalist Society , mientras que la revista El Disidente se edita en Puerto Rico pero se distribuye a través de la citada Sección de Intereses .
Esta información se publica con cierto detalle en Cuba , pero es apenas mencionada por HRW , o en cualquier otro informe EE.UU .
Dado que el “ consenso usamericano ” ha descalificado de manera efectiva el sistema cubano en su totalidad , no es preciso tener en cuenta este pequeño detalle .
Sin embargo , no puede haber ninguna duda de que los países independientes tienen derecho a la autodefensa ante la subversión y el terrorismo usamericanos .
HRW no condena el bloqueo de EE.UU .
HRW afirma que los 50 años de bloqueo económico de los EE.UU .
sobre Cuba han sido un fracaso , sin embargo , a diferencia de los 187 países que votaron en la ONU en contra del bloqueo en 2009 , este grupo con sede en Nueva York no lo condena como una violación de los Derechos Humanos .
Por el contrario , HRW afirma que Cuba utiliza el bloqueo como un pretexto para la represión .
Propone un nuevo programa contra Cuba en el que Europa y América Latina se unan a Washington para exigir “ la liberación incondicional de todos los presos políticos ” , incluyendo “ los 53 disidentes aún en prisión desde la oleada represiva de 2003 . ”
Si estas demandas no logran su fin , entonces estos países , incluido EE.UU . , “ deben ser capaces de elegir individualmente si procede o no imponer sus propias restricciones sobre Cuba . ”
De hecho , EE.UU .
es el único país que impone tales sanciones contra Cuba .
Este tipo de intervención con el pretexto de los derechos humanos es coherente con la política exterior de EE.UU . en América Latina .
La eliminación de regímenes independientes molestos ha sido una práctica ad nauseam durante todo el siglo americano y fue siempre apoyada por la elite corporativa de EE.UU .
Las campañas de deslegitimación siempre han precedido el “ cambio de régimen ” , por ejemplo , en Guatemala y Chile .
Human Rights
Watch , al parecer , no ve un abuso de los derechos humanos en dichas intervenciones .
Compartiendo mesa con agentes de la CIA
José Miguel Vivanco ha formado parte de paneles con Caleb McCarry , designado por el gobierno de Bush como “ administrador de la transición hacia una Cuba libre ” , sin decir una sola palabra acerca del terrible abuso de los derechos humanos implícito en el hecho de que un país pretenda organizar la “ transición política ” de otro .
En este aspecto , HRW tiene que hacer sus deberes en lo relativo al artículo 1 del Pacto Internacional de Derechos Civiles y Políticos ( 2 ) , que establece : “ Todos los pueblos tienen el derecho de libre determinación . ”
Vivanco también ha hablado en paneles en los que formaban parte ex agentes de la CIA como Frank Calzón y Carlos Montaner , personas que han organizado personalmente ataques terroristas contra Cuba .
En ningún momento se sentó para condenarlos por estos ataques , sino más bien estuvo de acuerdo con ellos sobre el apoyo a los disidentes respaldados por Estados Unidos .
Así de flexibles son sus posiciones .
Como recompensa por sus servicios , en junio de 2009 Vivanco recibió un premio del National Endowment for Democracy por su trabajo titulado “ La democracia en Cuba ” , con lo que quedó claro su vínculo con el gobierno de EE.UU .
Las campañas de propaganda de EE.UU .
contra Cuba no han disminuido en medio siglo , y HRW es sólo uno de los colaboradores más recientes .
Respondiendo a las quejas de EE.UU .
sobre los “ derechos humanos y la libertad ” , un hastiado diplomático cubano respondió “ Por supuesto , EE.UU .
tiene una larga historia en esta materia , con los Batista , Somoza , Trujillo , Duvalier , Pinochet , Videla ” , en referencia al respaldo de Estados Unidos a los dictadores de Cuba , Nicaragua , República Dominicana , Haití , Chile y Argentina .
Todos los presos con quienes habló Human Rights Watch habían sido liberados .
Uno se pregunta qué hubiera dicho en su informe HRW de haber descubierto una prisión secreta cubana donde cientos de personas estuvieran detenidas sin cargos , fueran torturadas y ubicadas fuera del alcance de cualquier sistema jurídico .
En el caso de estos prisioneros –retenidos por los militares de EE.UU .
en la Cuba ocupada , en Guantánamo — HRW escribió ( en enero de 2010 ) que el presidente Barack Obama debe “ renovar su compromiso ” para cerrar la prisión .
No hay condena del “ abusivo ” régimen de Washington por esta maquinaria represiva .
Pero , ¿por qué deberíamos esperar tal sinceridad y la autocrítica de la elite de EE.UU .?
La lección que nos ense ña el informe de derechos humanos de Human Rights Watch sobre Cuba es que nada nos tiene que enseñar sobre la pequeña isla del Caribe –ya sea en sus debilidades o fortaleza– una sedicente organización de derechos humanos que representa a la elite corporativa y de política exterior usamericana .
N.B. Algunos detalles de los cargos contra los “ disidentes ” arrestados en marzo de 2003 se publicaron en su momento por el Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores de Cuba ( MINREX ) y permanecen en línea .
Para más detalles véase el libro , publicado en 2003 , Los disidentes , de los periodistas cubanos Luis Báez y Rosa Miriam Elizalde .
El periodista franco - canadiense Jean - Guy Allard , el académico francés Salim Lamrani y la periodista usamericana Diana Barahona han escrito numerosos artículos sobre la financiación por Estados Unidos de estas organizaciones ( en su mayoría con sede en Miami , pero también con sede en París : Reporteros sin Fronteras ) que colaboran con el gobierno de EE.UU .
contra Cuba .
Los financiadores de HRW aparecen en los informes anuales de esta organización , y la financiación vinculada figura a menudo en sus informes del país .
(1) http://www.cuba.cu/gobierno/cuba.htm
(2) http://www.cinu.org.mx/onu/documentos/pidcp.htm
[ Tim Anderson es profesor de economía política en la Universidad de Sydney ( Australia ) .
S. Seguí es miembro de Rebelión y Tlaxcala , la red de traductores por la diversidad lingüística . ]
Wiring is an open - source programming framework for microcontrollers .
Wiring allows writing cross-platform software to control devices attached to a wide range of microcontroller boards to create all kinds of creative coding , interactive objects , spaces or physical experiences .
The framework is thoughtfully created with designers and artists in mind to encourage a community where beginners through experts from around the world share ideas , knowledge and their collective experience .
There are thousands of students , artists , designers , researchers , and hobbyists who use Wiring for learning , prototyping , and finished professional work production .
» Roadmap include support for multiple hardware architectures " Cores "
» The current AVR8 Core supports the Wiring hardware and any hardware based on the AVR atmega processors .
AVR Xmega , AVR Tiny , TI MSP430 , Microchip PIC24/32 Series and STM M3 ARM Cores will be available soon .
» Simple third party atmel hardware support integration
» Free to download , open source and open hardware
» For GNU / Linux , Mac OS X , and Windows
» Over 100 libraries extend the software
» Well documented , with many books available
To contribute to the development , please visit Wiring Wiki to read instructions for downloading the code , building from the source , reporting and tracking bugs , and creating libraries
Check out recent Wiring action on the Web :
Wiring @ Flickr
Wiring @ Twitter
Wiring @ Freenode IRC channel # wiring
You can find people on IRC ( Internet Relay Chat ) to help you with your Wiring questions
Wiring Previous Forum
You can still access the previous Wiring Forum
Wiring Related Projects : Processing , Arduino.org , Arduino.cc , Energia , Fritzing
Wiring is an open project initiated by Hernando Barragán ( Universidad de Los Andes | Architecture and Design School ) .
Wiring started at the Interaction Design Institute Ivrea in Italy .
© Info .
Wiring builds on Processing , an open project initiated by Ben Fry ( Fathom ) and Casey Reas ( UCLA Design | Media Arts ) .
Processing evolved from ideas explored in the Aesthetics and Computation Group at the MIT Media Lab .
February 19 , 2010
From the Desk of Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton :
Obama Administration Denies Public Access to Fannie and Freddie Documents
Judicial Watch has been digging hard into the scandals behind the collapse of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and their role in helping trigger the global financial crisis .
A key component of this investigation involves the role political corruption played in the failure of adequate congressional oversight and the catastrophic collapse of these “ government sponsored entities ” in 2008 .
That ’s why we filed a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) lawsuit against the Obama administration to get hold of documents related to Fannie ’s and Freddie ’s campaign contributions over the last several election cycles .
We figure since American taxpayers are on the hook for trillions of dollars , potentially including $ 400 billion alone for Fannie and Freddie , we deserve to know how and why this financial collapse occurred and who in Washington , D.C. is responsible .
Unfortunately the Obama administration disagrees .
Just last month the Federal Housing Finance Agency ( FHFA ) , the agency responsible for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , responded to our FOIA lawsuit by telling us that all of the documents we seek are not “ FOIA - able ” !
Here ’s the exact language the Obama agency used in its recent court filing : “ … Any records created by or held in the custody of the Enterprises reflecting their political campaign contributions or policies , stipulations and requirements concerning campaign contributions necessarily are private corporate documents .
They are not ‘ agency records ’ subject to disclosure under FOIA . ”
So there you have it .
You and I are paying the tab for the collapse of Fannie and Freddie , but we are not allowed to ask any questions about why it happened .
The Obama administration is saying , in effect , “ None of your business . ”
This is an outrage !
Obama administration officials and their lawyers can argue until they are blue in the face that Fannie and Freddie are not federal agencies .
But their reasoning is straight out of Alice in Wonderland .
Remember how all of this went down ?
Here ’s how The Washington Post described the government ’s “ deal ” to prop up Fannie and Freddie back in September 2008 when the sky was falling : “ The government has formulated a plan to put troubled mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac under federal control , dismiss their top executives and prop them up financially … ” [ emphasis added ]
I do n’t see anything ambiguous about the government ’s relationship with Fannie and Freddie .
The two agencies are now completely owned and operated by the federal government and are therefore subject to FOIA law .
Now , let ’s stop and think for a second .
Why would the Obama administration be so intent on keeping records related to Fannie ’s and Freddie ’s campaign contributions secret ?
Well , take a look at this list of the top recipients of Fannie and Freddie campaign contributions from 1989 through 2008 and I think you ’ll have a pretty good idea .
President Obama is second on the list sandwiched between Democratic heavyweights Senator Chris Dodd ( first ) and Senator John Kerry ( third ) .
And the president rocketed to the near - top of the chart with only four years under his belt in the U.S. Senate !
The truth is no one in Washington wants the American people to know all the sordid details regarding Fannie and Freddie , Obama included .
If you take a look at that list again , you ’ll see a lot of “ R ’s ” and “ D ’s ” on it .
It seems politicians of every stripe were on the take from Fannie and Freddie .
And now we ’re all paying for it , literally .
This whole scandal blows out of the water any notion that Obama is keeping his promises on transparency .
Our effort to open up Fannie and Freddie to public scrutiny as the law requires is not just about political corruption — it also about accountability .
Largely through Freddie and Fannie , the Obama administration has essentially taken government control of the United States mortgage market and its attendant liabilities — which mean you , me , our children , and grandchildren are on the hook for trillions of dollars .
This unprecedented takeover of the private sector is being done by government entities that the Obama administration says are not subject to any open records request .
This lawlessness should not stand .
Frankly , our FOIA lawsuit is the only litigation I know of that stands against this massive government abuse and secrecy .
( As always , we do this much - needed work with your help .
Please do me a personal favor and show your commitment this litigation and all our watchdog work by making a donation now .
Thank you . )
Do Terrorists
Have the “ Right to Remain Silent ? ”
In a recent blog for The Hill newspaper , I argued that President Obama ’s national security policies have made us less safe .
You can read the article for yourself here , but here ’s the gist : Obama has placed the American people at great risk by treating terrorism as a criminal act , rather than an act of war .
This irresponsible policy not only sends a message to our enemies around the world that the U.S. is soft on terrorism , but it also allows war criminals access to the U.S. court system providing them the same legal rights as United States citizens .
Case in point , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , aka the Christmas bomber , who attempted to blow up a Northwest Airlines flight by detonating a bomb he had crammed in his underwear .
According to The Washington Post : “ The 23 - year - old Nigerian man accused of attempting to blow up Northwest Airlines Flight 253 on Christmas Day was read his Miranda rights nine hours after his arrest , according to a detailed chronology released … by senior administration officials . ”
When you take a close look at the Obama administration ’s self - serving “ official timeline , ” you ’ll see that Abdulmutallab was interrogated for 50 minutes following the incident .
Doctors halted the questioning after Abdulmutallab ’s medical condition reportedly deteriorated .
Five hours later , FBI agents attempted to interrogate Abdulmuttallab again without success .
After a conference call with officials from four Obama administration agencies ( but still not consulting the top national security officials ) , they gave up and read the terrorist his Miranda rights .
And then , of course , he stopped talking altogether .
Now the administration claims that Abdulmutallab was “ Mirandized ” only after he had decided not to continue cooperating with the FBI .
But this completely misses the point .
When you have a terrorist in custody you do what you can within the bounds of ethics and the law to extract information , you do n’t immediately give him the option to stop talking and let him lawyer up .
And Obama ’s official position regarding the timing notwithstanding , we know this : Before Abdulmutallab was read his Miranda rights he was talking .
Abdulmutallab told the FBI during his initial questioning that he trained as a suicide bomber in Yemen with other English - speaking terrorists who , at present , remain at large .
Important information , would n’t you say ?
As one FBI official put it : Abdulmutallab is “ not the only bullet in the chamber for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . ”
There are others .
And U.S. intelligence officials have an obligation to the American people to find out where they ’re hiding .
Reports just this week suggest Abdulmutallab is finally talking again , but as Missouri Senator Kit Bond , the highest ranking Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee , said , “ There ’s no changing the fact that Mirandizing Abdulmutallab gave terrorists a six - week head start to cover their tracks .
We will never know what life - saving information on co-conspirators and future plots we missed out on . ”
Intelligence officials are not releasing details regarding the “ good intelligence ” Abdulmutallab is now giving up after weeks of exercising his legal rights .
But , there ’s no question it would have been better to receive this information earlier rather than later .
Vice President Biden admitted on Wednesday that he is “ very concerned ” about an individual carrying out a terrorist attack in the U.S. , just like the Christmas bomber .
He should be , especially considering the Obama - Biden lax approach to terrorism .
Judicial Watch Goes to CPAC
Following up on our key participation in the National Tea Party Convention last week in Nashville , this week , Judicial Watch is once again a significant presence at the Conservative Political Action Conference ( CPAC ) in Washington , D.C.
As many of you know , CPAC is the year ’s largest gathering of influential conservatives in the country .
Guest speakers include George Will , Glenn Beck , Newt Gingrich , Mitt Romney , Dick Cheney and Ann Coulter , to name just a few .
Today , I am moderating a panel discussion entitled , “ Obamanomics : The Left and Corporate America . ”
Now that the federal government has decided to gobble up huge chunks of the private sector ( including GM ) , this is a particularly sensitive and important topic .
Panelists include Timothy P. Carney , Washington Examiner ; Michael Cannon , Cato Institute and former North Dakota Governor Ed Schafer .
On Thursday afternoon , Judicial Watch ’s Director of Research of Investigation Chris Farrell educated CPAC attendees on the open records process in a workshop entitled , “ Fighting Obama Secrecy — How to Get Records the Government is Hiding . ”
Given the Obama administration ’s addiction to stonewalling and secrecy ( see story above ) this shining the light on government activity is needed now more than ever .
And Judicial Watch , the nation ’s leading expert on the open records process , is in the best possible position to provide training on the subject .
( For those unable to attend the workshop , much of the key information can be found in our recently updated FOIA handbook . )
( You can check out the full CPAC agenda here . )
Of course , as a co-sponsor of the event , Judicial Watch has an educational booth in the exhibit hall , so if you ’re at the CPAC conference , please feel free to drop by and say hello .
Until next week …
Tom Fitton
President
Judicial Watch is a non-partisan , educational foundation organized under Section 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) of the Internal Revenue code .
Judicial Watch is dedicated to fighting government and judicial corruption and promoting a return to ethics and morality in our nation ’s public life .
To make a tax - deductible contribution in support of our efforts , click here .
Judicial Watch on Twitter | Judicial Watch on Facebook
Judicial Watch on YouTube | Judicial Watch RSS
D awson Bayliss died in his sleep on Nov. 23 , 2009 , lying alongside his pregnant wife in their Calgary home .
" I heard him gasping for air , " recalls Naomi Bayliss , eyes moistening .
" That 's what woke me up .
His whole body was convulsing .
His fists were balled up and his eyes were rolling back .
I tried shaking him but he was totally unresponsive . "
Naomi lunged for the phone and called 911 .
Paramedics arrived within minutes .
" I 'd just given him four breaths and they were there . "
Despite intense efforts to revive him , Bayliss was pronounced dead at the scene within the hour .
A preliminary finding by the medical examiner said death resulted from lack of oxygen to the brain that caused swelling .
Bayliss was 24 .
Those are the indisputable facts .
Yet there is an alternate version of events , another narrative which is very much in dispute ; maddeningly elusive and bureaucratically impenetrable , for all that his widow and friends have searched for answers .
It goes like this : Pte. Lawrence Matthew ( Dawson ) Bayliss actually started dying on April 2 , 2006 , on a dangerous stretch of highway outside Kandahar city , bleeding from a head wound .
I was there .
As Liberal MP Dan McTeague put it , before the deaths of five more Canadian soldiers last month : " Pte . Bayliss would appear to be the 134th Canadian to die as a result of combat in Afghanistan . "
But the official record does n't say that .
Bayliss was out of the army , a confused and bitter civilian , when he died .
There were no formal military honours at his funeral , though a Princess Pats NCO presented Naomi with a folded flag , on his own initiative , and the local branch of the Canadian Legion – where Bayliss had worked as a volunteer – picked up the bill .
Since he served less than 10 years , there was no military pension for Bayliss and limited supplementary death benefits for his wife and unborn child .
Even that , arguably , is occurring only because advocates have taken up the case .
There has been distress and retroactive revision of the military 's apparent abandonment of Bayliss after he shed the uniform – which he subsequently burned in a fit of rage , along with most of his case file documents .
No less than the Chief of Defence Staff , Gen . Walter Natynczyk , phoned Naomi a few weeks ago to offer his personal condolences , along with a promise that the file will be reviewed to assess what can be done .
Too late , of course , this belated concern – a high - level attention to details never displayed while Bayliss was alive and needful .
It was Bayliss 's misfortune to take so long to die , and outside of the military " family " – the only family that the Kirkland Lake native , ostracized by his mother and brother , with no father , had actually known until Naomi came along .
For months on end , years actually , Bayliss had suffered from seizures , nausea and paralyzing headaches , symptoms he believed were caused by a closed head injury never properly diagnosed or treated ; raging at the brick wall of bureaucracy that sent him pinballing from one department to another , begging for help , exasperated by the red tape .
A psychologically fragile young man , already slipping into alcoholism and despair , Bayliss was no match for the bureaucratic rigidity .
" He 'd lost all faith in the system , " says Naomi , 24 .
" He felt the military had just used him and tossed him away .
He said that everyone pretended to love soldiers but it was just lip - service .
It was all so hard for him – the papers and the phone calls and the doctors ' appointments .
But his mind was n't right .
He could n't do it and nobody would help him .
By the end , he 'd given up , threw everything away except the dog - tags .
I hid those . "
There is a photograph of Bayliss from early in his Task Force Orion deployment to Kandahar , Roto 1 with 1st Battalion , Princess Patricia 's Canadian Light Infantry , out of Edmonton .
The combat soldier is smiling mischievously , a cigarillo clamped between his teeth .
The guys had found a big turtle in a trench , all of them signing their names on the shell before releasing it .
This was the fun-loving man he used to be , a proud soldier who 'd enlisted in 2004 , deeply affected by 9/11 .
" Like a lot of us , he wanted to make a difference , " says Cpl. Joseph ( Rusty ) Rustenberg , a close friend who met Bayliss after training , was a member of his company section in Afghanistan , and kept in touch in the years since .
Rustenberg had been there , inside the Light Armoured Vehicle with him , when Bayliss was wounded .
On that April day in 2006 , a convoy of some 150 military vehicles lumbered toward Forward Operating Base Robinson in support of a skeletal detachment that had come under intense attack from the Taliban .
Pte. Robert Costall was killed during that initial siege , Canada 's first firefight death since the Korean War .
Bayliss was one of the coffin bearers for the ramp ceremony at Kandahar Airfield .
FOB Robinson - bound three days later in a massive show of strength , Rustenberg had just changed positions with Bayliss in the LAV , Bayliss taking over as air gunner ( the open hatch sentry position ) along with Pte. Daniel Mahlo .
In a freak accident , the LAV was clipped by a passing jingle truck , the collision causing the cannon to spin around , smacking both privates in the face and head .
Both casualties were treated immediately by a medic , Andrew ( Boomer ) Eykelenboom , then evacuated to the KAF hospital by chopper .
( Months later , Eykelenboom himself was killed in a suicide bomber attack . )
From this point , the chain of events gets murky , largely because of privacy legislation and the absence of those documents that Bayliss destroyed .
The family has asked repeatedly for replacements and the entire medical file but has yet to receive anything .
What 's known is that Bayliss was released from hospital within a few days and sent back to his unit .
His injuries had been deemed slight .
Shortly thereafter , however , he was hospitalized again , apparently flown to a military hospital in Landstuhl , Germany , for further treatment .
Bayliss would later tell Naomi – the couple did n't meet until 2008 – that he'd spent 10 months in and out of hospital and , at one point , had attempted suicide .
Rustenberg ran into him late in 2006 .
A trained infantryman , Bayliss had been put to work in the kitchen , apparently because he was no longer fit for combat duty .
Bayliss would tell Naomi that he'd been treated poorly by former mates who jeered at his KP status , and said that he'd filed an official complaint to the regiment .
At the end of his three - year military contract , Bayliss voluntarily quit the army .
His release date was Sept. 6 , 2007 .
He did not receive a medical discharge , which would have allowed him to access various disability benefits .
There is no evidence either that he got a " transition interview " – the formal and mandatory exit interviews required of all military personnel six months before they leave the forces .
That would have been the occasion for Bayliss to raise any personal concerns , including lingering medical or psychological issues .
" Unfortunately , I do n't have the answers to most of these questions , " admits Maj. - Gen. Walter Semianiw , chief of military personnel for the Canadian Forces .
" Did he even get danger pay for the time he spent in Afghanistan ? ''
( No , he did n't . )
" Why was n't he medically discharged because of the closed head wound ? ''
That is the crux of the matter , at least in terms of compensation .
But there is a more crucial issue : Could Bayliss 's life have been saved if he 'd received proper medical treatment ?
It is unclear what military doctors told Bayliss about his head injury .
Two weeks ago , Semianiw informed the family that , at the time Bayliss was treated for his injury , it had been discovered that he had a brain tumour , according to the medical file .
" That was a total shock , " says Naomi 's father , Steven Taylor .
" We 'd never heard that before . "
But a day later , Semianiw called back to say that information was wrong .
There was a " brain abnormality , but not a tumour , " Taylor says .
Maj .
Mike Audette , an army spokesman , told the Toronto Star this week that the medical file shows Bayliss suffered a " non-battle " injury in Afghanistan – meaning , not in the theatre of war , as the accident was strangely designated .
He was transferred to Landstuhl for additional examination , apparently after he 'd briefly returned to his unit .
" There were no traumatic injuries identified ... but the examinations produced an incidental finding for another non-related condition for which repatriation to Canada was decided . "
Yet Bayliss did n't come home for nearly a year and , as far as can be determined , received no treatment for the condition .
Audette continues , citing medical information that senior authorities have vetted for release : " Pte . Bayliss saw a specialist for this condition and no treatment / surgery was deemed required .
Pte. Bayliss completed his contract without medical restrictions on his duties and left the CF .
The conclusion of all this is that Pte .
Bayliss died of natural causes not linked to the event in Afghanistan and that the medical condition the family speaks about was discovered during examinations done after the trauma but not linked to it . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The determination that the brain abnormality was " pre-existing " or " congenital " would subsequently influence decisions on liability and compensation .
In fact , the family has yet to learn whether that pre-existing condition caused Bayliss 's death or , critically , if the condition was aggravated by the injury he sustained , thus leading to death .
Certainly the condition had not been caught when Bayliss underwent medical testing upon enlisting , nor had there been any manifestation of symptoms before the accident .
It 's unclear how much Bayliss knew , or understood , about his condition .
He twice mentioned , but only vaguely , a brain " abnormality " to Naomi , and that he could die suddenly .
Semianiw has been helping the family navigate the bureaucratic thicket of compensation claims and review applications .
But once Bayliss was out of uniform , his outstanding issues essentially transferred from the Ministry of Defence to Veterans Affairs .
Moving from Edmonton to Calgary , Bayliss floundered .
He received no money from any government source for six months , during which he bunked with a friend , taking odd jobs , playing the occasional musical gig at local clubs and attending doctors ' appointments , anxious to relieve the headaches and vomiting that continued unabated .
In early 2008 he began receiving a wage replacement from Veterans Affairs – $ 2,400 a month after taxes – to cover him until he was able to finish high school and train for a civilian job .
But his application for that education funding was repeatedly deferred and had not been formally approved by the time he died .
" He was sad because he could no longer do the one thing he'd been trained to do – be a soldier , " says Naomi , who married Bayliss last February .
Bayliss applied for compensation for his closed head injury : Denied , on the grounds the " acute injury " had no long - term effects .
After all , he had n't been medically discharged .
He applied for compensation for post - concussion syndrome : Decision had been pending when he died , expedited only afterwards .
A week ago Naomi received a " partial disability " payment for $ 33,420 , with an equal amount held in trust for the baby .
There had been other monies , earlier .
In March 2008 , Bayliss was awarded a lump - sum payment of $ 104,000 for post - traumatic stress disorder , a strangely high amount .
Says McTeague , who became involved after being contacted by Taylor due to his earlier efforts on behalf of Afghan veterans : " My take is that , generally speaking , a lump - sum payment is the wrong way to go .
Wounded soldiers have always been able to rely on a steady pension . "
For Bayliss , the windfall was disastrous .
He burned a hole through the money , spending huge sums on clothes , electronic toys and his wedding .
He had barely enough left over to put $ 25,000 down on a house for the couple .
" Dawson was n't thinking straight , " argues Naomi , who had n't yet met Bayliss when he went on his spending spree .
" You have to understand that there were times he could n't even speak , could n't put words together because of what was happening in his brain .
How can you give someone like that all that money and not help him sort out his life ? "
But what was happening , exactly , in Bayliss 's brain throughout 2008 and 2009 , when his symptoms worsened ?
That 's important to determine if his widow has any hope of securing not just extra benefits but proper recognition for her husband as " a fallen soldier , " which is equally if not more important .
" He died for his country , even if he died in Calgary . "
Bayliss had been seeing a specialist for his head symptoms but this doctor was , the family has since learned , only evaluating his cognitive responses .
Bayliss thought , wrongly , that the specialist would arrange for treatment of the pre-existing medical condition itself .
Bayliss knew , in his bones , something was dreadfully wrong .
He became fatalistic and , in his final weeks , upset Naomi with talk of what he wanted at his funeral .
Naomi recalls that final evening , when they went to bed : " We said our good - nights and he kissed me , twice .
He said , ' I just love kissing you . ' "
Immediately after the funeral , Naomi quit her job as an office manager , packed up her possessions and drove to Markham , Ont. , moving in with her father .
She 's living in his basement .
The Calgary house , bought for $ 245,000 , was hastily sold for $ 230,000 .
She worries about raising a child alone .
She grieves that the military allowed Bayliss to " slip through the cracks " and wonders how many other ex-soldiers – those with less than a decade in service – are encountering similar boondoggles .
But mostly she misses her husband , the goodbye too rushed in the swirl of events .
" I feel like I just left him behind . "
Read more about :
THE minister in charge of the Government 's web censorship plan has been caught out censoring his own website .
The front page of Communications Minister Stephen Conroy 's official website displays a list of topics connected to his portfolio , along with links to more information about each one .
All the usual topics are there – cyber safety , the national broadband network , broadcasters ABC and SBS , digital television and so on .
All except one .
It was revealed today a script within the minister 's homepage deliberately removes references to internet filtering from the list .
In the function that creates the list , or " tag cloud " , there is a condition that if the words " ISP filtering " appear they should be skipped and not displayed .
The discovery is unlikely to do any favours for Senator Conroy 's web filtering policy , which has been criticised for its secrecy .
According to Google 's cache records , the exception has been included on the minister 's homepage since at least February 14 .
A message on the page says it was last updated in October last year .
Melbourne web developer David Johnson told news.com .au the code was intended to remove references to internet filtering .
" The code is a quick fix , " said Mr Johnson of creative agency Lemonade .
" If the developers of the minister ’s site had wanted to do it properly they would have placed the ' ISP filtering ' keyword exclusion on the server side where it is inaccessible to the public , instead of the front - end code which can be seen by anyone and understood by people with even a basic knowledge of scripting . "
The function , written in web scripting language Javascript , appears to have been first discovered by a user on the Whirlpool broadband discussion forum .
Senator Conroy 's office has been contacted for comment .
Links
" Filtering already begun " on Whirlpool — http://forums.whirlpool.net.au/forum-repli...
As much as it would have been fun to draw a protracted fight scene ( not ) , it was time to stick a fork in this little story arc and move on .
My thanks to Brian Carroll for the inspiration to do these strips .
Hopefully neither of us have damaged each other ’s reputations too much . 😉
I recognize the punchline to today ’s comic is kind of dark .
But you ’d be surprised by the thought process that led me to it .
I spent serious time contemplating what was funnier – “ coma ward , ” “ burn ward ” or “ graveyard . ”
I certainly do n’t mean to make light of anyone who is in a coma , been horribly burned or is dead .
But looking for something shocking and weighing my options , I decided to go with “ coma ward ” because , well , people come out of comas all the time , right ?!
It might also fertile ground to harvest another story from later .
Admit it –
Who ’s a little curious to meet the guy that Jared put in a coma ?
Exactly .
Y’see , you guys are just as twisted as me .
As you probably know , Oscar nominations were announced yesterday .
The big news is that there are now 10 films in contention for the night ’s big prize – Best Picture .
I ca n’t say I was particularly surprised by any of the nominations except for possibly District 9 .
Even though I thought it was a smart film with some original ideas , it kind of played like a sci - fi shoot em up by the end .
I think of it more like a summer blockbuster than a Best Picture contender .
Naturally , I was pleased to see Up nominated .
In my heart of hearts , I ’d like to see it win .
But I know it wo n’t .
Up is a good movie , but not Pixar ’s best .
If they ’re going to take the award , I really want them to earn it .
Wishing they would win is more of a reaction to Up being the first animated movie to be nominated in this category since Beauty and The Beast in 1992 .
But the nomination in itself is a reward and I hope the AMPAS continues to look at the field of animation when making their Best Picture nominations in the future .
What do I think will win ?
Avatar .
It ’s not the best movie among the nominees .
Not by a long shot .
But I think Academy voters wo n’t be able to resister rewarding director James Cameron for his technical achievement or his box office success .
As of this writing , the movie has been number one at the American box office for nearly 2 months .
It ’s made over $ 2 billion dollars in world - wide box office .
These are numbers too big to ignore .
As much as some people idealistically think the Oscar ’s should be about artistic merit , it ’s also about business .
James Cameron is now the man with the two largest grossing films of all time .
The story of his success alone will secure a win for Avatar .
Interestingly enough , I heard yesterday that Avatar is only one of three films in Oscar history that has been nominated for Best Picture without being nominated in any of the writing or acting categories .
Some food for thought .
As for the other nominations ?
Well , I ’ll save some of my predictions for later .
In the meantime , if you ’d like to download an Oscar ballot you can use to make your OWN predictions – and then compare them to the actual winners on March 7 – you can download it here .
What do you guys think about widening the field of Best Picture nominees to 10 ?
Do you think all of the Best Picture nominees are deserving or are some just filler ?
What nominations surprised you the most ?
Do you think there is an opportunity for an upset in any of the categories ?
Share your thoughts and reactions below !
photo by Scott Beale
Matt Groening grew up in Portland , OR and he named several of the characters from The Simpsons after streets in Portland as a tribute to his hometown .
This is one of the things he talks about in the recent documentary “ The Simpsons 20th Anniversary Special – In 3 - D! On Ice ! ” by Morgan Spurlock
Here ’s a list Portland streets and their associated Simpsons characters from a 2002 Portland Tribune interview with Matt Groening .
Driving around Portland we found ourselves on NE Flanders , which of course is what Ned Flanders is based on .
Heidely - ho , neighbor !
Brazilian tennis player Marcos Daniel is at the centre of an investigation by Australian Open officials after an alleged fracas involving a woman spectator last night .
The tournament referee ordered the inquiry after the alleged incident between 31 - year - old Daniel and the spectator following his first round loss to Colombia 's Alejandro Falla .
Colombian fans stand courtside after an altercation with Marcos Daniel .
Credit : Reuters
" The tournament referee 's office is looking into the alleged incident , " a Tennis Australian spokesman confirmed .
understands Daniel had an altercation with Colombian spectators , and that the woman was caught in a disagreement between the player and her brother .
Russia 's Arms Sales in 2009 Evaluated at $ 7.4 Billion
In 2009 , Russia ’s defense export giant Rosoboronexport sold arms in the amount of $ 7.4 billion , the company ’s director Anatoly Isaikin told RIA Novosti news agency .
In the future , Russia plans to increase the export of arms and would even be ready to sell weapons to Iraq and Afghanistan , the official said .
Russia 's Arms Sales in 2009 Evaluated at .4 Billion
“ We ’ve recently had a corporate meeting at the company and discussed the results of 2009 .
We achieved good results in 2009 .
The sales volume of Rosoboronexport made up $ 7.4 billion , which marked a ten percent increase in comparison with 2008 , ” Isaikin said .
The company ’s export had increased 2.4 times from 2001 to 2009 , he added .
Today Rosoboronexport ships Russian - made military hardware to over 70 countries of the world .
“ We offer new military hardware , technologies and joint production .
We believe that the sales volume in 2010 will not be less than that in 2009 , ” the official said .
Air force weaponry made 50 percent of the company ’s shipments to such basic importers as India , Algeria , China , Venezuela , Malaysia and Syria .
In 2008 , Russia ’s arms shipments to foreign customers were evaluated at $ 8.35 billion , of which $ 6.72 billion was the share of Rosoboronexport ’s deals .
The business portfolio of the company for 2010 makes up over $ 34 billion .
“ Russian arms enjoy great popularity with several members of NATO .
They are Turkey , Greece and the countries of the Eastern bloc that have Soviet - made arms .
The countries that intend to become NATO members evince interest in Russian defense technologies as well , ” Isaikin said .
As for cooperation with Eastern Europe , the head of Rosoboronexport stated that those countries offer to modernize and repair their hardware .
Rosoboronexport would be ready to ship arms to Iraq and Afghanistan too , once the company receives adequate inquires from the US administration .
“ Official spokespeople for Iraqi and Afghan armed forces send us their requests .
We are ready to cooperate with them .
An adequate decision will lead to adequate shipments , ” Isaikin said .
As for Russia ’s deal to sell S - 300 missile complexes to Iran , Isaikin said that there had been no legal action taken to prohibit the deal .
“ There are no international sanctions against Iran , which means that formally there are no bans to ship any type of arms to Iran , ” Isaikin told Interfax .
Iran still remains Russia ’s partner in the defense industry .
“ Iran has never broken any contractual obligations , ” the head of Rosoboronexport said .
China is the only country in the world that acquired a license from Russia for production of Kalashnikov assault rifles .
“ The issue of counterfeit production and illegal copying remains very important in the whole world in terms of both military and civil production .
Other countries , such as Bulgaria and Slovakia , used to run the licensed production of Kalashnikov guns .
Completing your project by the time you actually need it , is very important .
This is one of the reason why our customers love Speedlight .
*** 24 - hours turnaround available .***
I reckon that at the start of the season many people thought Newcastle would find the task of hauling themselves out of the quagmire of the Championship a very sticky proposition .
It does n't look that way at the moment as the Magpies are seven points clear of second and 10 ahead of third place in the table .
There are a number of reasons for their healthy situation .
Among them is the dignified and reasoned management of Chris Hughton , the reinvention of Alan Smith as a holding midfielder , the Magpies ' defensive resolve and organisation away from home and the fact they still have a squad that elicits envious glances from many rival clubs .
But central to Newcastle 's success so far this season has been the form of attacking midfielder Kevin Nolan .
Nolan ( right ) has formed an excellent partnership with Smith
The 27 - year - old had stagnated at Bolton but even after he joined Newcastle in January there were few signs of a return to the form that had once seen him strongly tipped for an England call - up .
Nolan scored once last season in 33 games , his solitary goal coming in Bolton 's Carling Cup defeat against League Two Northampton in August .
But it has been a very different story in the Championship .
He has already found the net 10 times this season , including a memorable hat - trick in the 4 - 0 win at Ipswich in November .
I caught up with an understandably delighted Nolan after that match .
With the match ball tucked firmly under his arm and a huge grin on his face as he signed a few autographs outside Portman Road , it was obvious that he was enjoying his football again .
He was insistent that the squad had been able to successfully isolate themselves from the chaos that had engulfed the club over the previous months as the relationship between Mike Ashley and Newcastle 's supporters disintegrated .
I was n't convinced then , but his words are n't sounding so hollow now .
Nolan is a likeable man with a sharp and cheeky wit , hardly unprecedented for a scouser but enjoyable company nonetheless .
He is a father now with another on the way and has matured as a person over recent years .
He was the skipper of Bolton and has been a leader on and off the field at Newcastle this season .
He has said the right things at the right time , regularly paying tribute to the team 's brilliant away support but stressing in time honoured fashion that there is a long way to go before anyone can start celebrating .
On the pitch he has been superb and his versatility has been pivotal to the Magpies .
Nolan 's ability to take up advanced positions has allowed Hughton to select a 4 - 5 - 1 formation away from home in the knowledge that the lone frontman will not become isolated .
If required he can play as a second striker or , if two out and out forwards are selected in a 4 - 4 - 2 formation , he can comfortably slip into the centre of midfield alongside the more defensive Smith .
The Liverpudlian has rediscovered his ability to lose his marker and ghost into dangerous positions .
His recent goal at Preston was a perfect example .
North End have a superb home record and the match was an even game turned decisively in Newcastle 's favour by Nolan 's goal .
He ghosted into space beyond the far post and controlled a low cross with his first touch before swivelling and shooting beyond Andy Lonergan low into the bottom corner .
Nolan 's finish against Preston was superb
It was a brilliant finish - a combination of technique and instinct ; the qualities that show why Nolan should be in the Premier League .
The likes of Marlon Harewood , Andy Carroll , Nile Ranger and Shola Ameobi might really start to fire soon but they have n't been prolific so far and Nolan 's goals have helped to ensure that Newcastle made the solid start to the season that they so badly needed after their relegation from the Premier League .
He is strong on the ball , good in the air and has the ability to play a defence - splitting pass .
There is a lot of the season left but I think he is arguably ( note use of word arguably ) the Championship player of the year so far .
As Hughton put it , with what I hope was a not inconsiderable amount of deadpan understatement : " Kevin is a very big player for us . "
This is not to say there are not plenty of contenders .
Crystal Palace fans , for example , would argue that Darren Ambrose is a contender after scoring in six consecutive matches , while 18 - year - old Victor Moses has shown in glimpses why he is coveted by many Premier League clubs .
I even read a story recently suggesting Barcelona wanted to sign him .
Moses has been inconsistent but , as a purchase based on potential rather than as the finished product , he might command a higher price in the transfer market than Nolan .
All has not gone according to plan for Middlesbrough but winger Adam Johnson has been a stand - out performer for them .
His crossing is excellent and he has chipped in with a not inconsiderable eight Championship goals .
Wide man Peter Whittingham has been outstanding for Cardiff , with 12 goals and is the leading scorer in the division , while Michael Chopra is showing once again his quality at Championship level with 11 .
Find of the season so far might just be Bluebirds 17 - year - old full - back Adam Matthew , who has been linked with Manchester United .
I have been impressed with West Brom duo Graeme Dorrans and Chris Brunt but Jerome Thomas has probably been their stand - out player so far .
I would be pleased to hear whether Baggies fans agree ?
Tom Cleverley , on loan from Manchester United , has been superb in midfielder as Watford have punched above their weight .
I was very impressed when I saw him against QPR , while Charlie Adam has been in top form for Blackpool .
Forest fans will probably tell you that central midfielder Paul McKenna has been the fulcrum of their side , knitting play together with his extensive passing repertoire , while Matty Fryatt continues to catch the eye for Leicester .
I am sure I have failed to mention plenty of strong contenders and would be thrilled if you were to suggest some .
Of course , by the time the final round of the season arrives on 2 May it may well be that more players have made a strong case to be considered the Championship player of the season , but as we approach the half - way mark of the season I reckon that Nolan is the outstanding player .
You can follow me throughout the season at twitter.com / Paul__Fletcher
I do n't understand .
You mean there are n't people in government who wear their religion on their sleeves and vote with only their particular religious views in mind ?
I thought she was saying something new , not describing the situtation as is .
Empty words to get people on both sides worked up and to raise her profile .
Really , separation of church and state meant that state should n't interfere in church matters , but having religion in the public sphere is pretty much ok so long as it does n't violate anyones constitutional rights .
I still prefer that than the French or Turkish model which violates , or limits , constitutional rights in order to prevent religious people from having a voice in the public sphere .
Stereotype by Daizi Zheng is a series of creative food packaging designed to encourage people to change their bad eating habits .
The project includes carrot sticks packaged like cigarettes , blueberries in a blister pack , and celery sticks in a french fry carton .
Can clever packaging design encourage people to rethink their relationship with healthy food and gain a balanced diet ?
Also check out : 15 Examples of Creative Packaging
On one side of Arastradero Road , the signs read “ God hates you . ”
On the other side , they declared “ God hates hate . ”
Five protesters from the Topeka , Kan. - based Westboro Baptist Church came to Palo Alto ’s Gunn High School and Stanford ’s Taube Hillel House on Friday morning to espouse the anti-gay , anti-Semitic vitriol for which they ’re known .
They hurled blame for the cluster of Gunn student suicides on “ cursed Bible - ignorant rebels ” whose parents “ taught them lies belched forth from the bowels of hell … ”
At both Gunn and Stanford , hundreds of students , staff and community members turned out to counter the protesters with messages of love and tolerance .
“ They ’re sharing hate all over the place and we ’re going to show it does n’t affect us , ” said 16 - year - old Gunn sophomore Ilya Ryzhik .
Not everybody got the tolerance message , though .
When the Westboro group returned to its rented minivan after the Stanford protest , it found that three of the vehicle ’s tires had been slashed , said Lisa Lapin , the university ’s director of communications .
The morning began at Gunn , where the protesters stood across the street from the school ’s entrance , while a couple hundred Gunn students , staff , parents , and others spilled out over the electronic sign at the school ’s entrance flashed quotes and messages including “ Celebrating diversity since 1964 . ”
Dozens of people held a long banner with a Bible quotation : “ There is nothing love cannot face ; there is no limit to its faith , its hope and its endurance .
Love will never come to an end . ”
“ This is like a love - fest , ” one student remarked to a friend .
School and district administrators had urged students not to directly counter - protest , to avoid giving the Westboro group any more attention .
But Will Cromasty , a 17 - year - old Gunn senior and president of the school ’s Gay - Straight Alliance , said students knew there would be some sort of protest , and it might as well be large .
“ We have nothing but compassion for those who suffer from the mental illness known as homophobia , ” Cromasty said , gesturing across the street .
The Westboro protesters held their standard assortment of signs , with phrases such as “ God hates America ” and “ The Beast , ” next to a picture of President Barack Obama .
As for Gunn , “ This is the same school where the doomed , cursed , Bible - ignorant rebels throw themselves in front of moving trains , ” a Westboro press release stated .
“ Their parents taught them lies belched forth from the bowels of hell , such as ‘ God loves everybody ’ and ‘ It ’s okay to be gay . ' ”
The district moved back Gunn ’s start time from 7:55 to 8:30 a.m.
Friday in an effort to have students avoid the protesters .
“ Those adults tried to move the time to keep those kids from hearing the truth , ” said Margie Phelps , the daughter of Westboro Baptist Church founder Fred Phelps , a disbarred lawyer with a craving for publicity and a fixation on hatred of homosexuality .
“ That did n’t work . ”
To the tune of “ America the Beautiful , ” Phelps and the other Westboro protesters sang : “ Oh Sodomites , your kids are killed by trains .
Your moral compasses are broken , your teachers are to blame . ”
The presence of a few Palo Alto police officers kept the protest from becoming too heated , but a small group of students from Menlo - Atherton High School did cross the road and confront the protesters , shouting back and forth for several minutes before the Westboro group left .
“ I ’m Jewish , by the way ” Marshall Glass , an 18 - year - old Menlo - Atherton senior , told Phelps .
“ Of course you are , that means you ’re twice cursed , ” Phelps snapped back .
At exactly 7:55 a.m. , the Westboro group left , and headed to Stanford University .
There , several hundred students gathered in front of the school ’s Taube Hillel House , holding signs , singing and chanting .
It almost felt more like a party than a protest , as the Stanford band played and the Stanford Tree danced across the lawn , made muddy by hundreds of feet .
At one point , a bagpipe player performed “ Amazing Grace . ”
The small Westboro group stayed at one corner , and some students posed for pictures with them , holding signs like one that read “ Gay for ( Westboro Baptist Church leader ) Fred Phelps . ”
“ I just wanted to come out and show them that being a Christian is n’t about hate , it ’s about love , ” said Monica Alcazar , a Stanford freshman and Gunn graduate .
Word spread across campus about the protest through e-mails from student groups and word of mouth , students said .
Lapin said the turnout showed the university “ standing up for a principle of tolerance and diversity . ”
“ Overall , this was a positive opportunity for Stanford , ” Lapin said .
“ Because at the peak we had between 800 and 1,000 students from all walks of campus life coming together to support each other , and that ’s what ’s representative of Stanford . ”
The church members returned to their car to find the tires slashed , Lapin said .
Stanford police are investigating , but do not have any suspects or witnesses , she added .
Lapin said the university knew Westboro members ’ cars had been vandalized in the past , and had a reserved a secure spot for them .
But the group ended up parking elsewhere , Lapin said .
Church member Shirley Phelps - Roper declined to say whether the group was able to get another car , but noted it did not miss any of the demonstrations scheduled for later in the day in San Francisco .
At Gunn , students continued the “ love - fest ” with a rally at lunchtime .
While students ate lunch in the school ’s central quad area , a few musically inclined classmates got on stage with acoustic guitars , electric keyboards and other instruments to perform songs such as “ Lean On Me ” and , again , “ All You Need Is Love . ”
Many wore T - shirts that advocated tolerance , including Principal Noreen Likins , whose shirt read “ Gay ?
Fine by Me . ”
Likins said Friday had “ turned into a great day .
I think the community is closer together because of it , ” she said .
“ I think what we ’ve found is people have rallied around to support , particularly , the ( Gay - Straight Alliance ) students . ”
Bay Area News Group Staff Writer Lisa M. Krieger contributed to this report .
E-mail Diana Samuels at dsamuels@dailynewsgroup.com .
President Obama 's $ 3.8 trillion budget for fiscal 2011 includes a jobs bill that could cost around $ 100 billion .
In addition to small business credits and continued state aid , the White House has proposed a $ 30 billion job creation plan that would give employers $ 5000 dollars for each new hire .
Last week I wrote that while the job creation tax credit has broad support among policy groups , including the CBO and the left - of - center EPI , it 's also easy to game the system .
Richard Posner finds a deeper flaw :
It does nothing to juice demand .
Here 's Posner :
The Keynesian theory of stimulus ( the only theory that makes economic sense ) is that if private demand for goods and services falls substantially below the economy 's productive capacity ( as it has done ) , government can replace the shortfall in demand by increasing its own demand .
It can buy roads and airports and military equipment with borrowed money ( so as not to take money out of people 's pockets , in the form of taxes , and by doing so depressing private demand ) .
And it can borrow cheap , because consumers are saving more than usual , and , with demand weak , businesses are borrowing less than usual .
So the private demand for credit is weak , and interest rates therefore low .
The surge in government demand increases production , and increased production results in increased employment .
The job - stimulus plan is not aimed at increasing demand , and therefore is unlikely to increase employment .
For think : if a company is producing 1,000 widgets a year with a work force of 30 , and it adds a 31st employee and thereby earns a $ 5,000 tax credit , the company 's total costs will have risen by the wages and benefits that he pays the new employee minus the $ 5,000 .
But his sales will not have risen .
Participating in the job - subsidy program will actually reduce his profits ( revenue minus cost ) .
Last year I offered reasons for and against 9 big ideas to beat unemployment , from business tax credits to public works projects .
One of those ideas is infrastructure spending -- that is , buying roads and bridges with borrowed money .
The downside of infrastructure spending is that sometimes it takes a while to get the bridge - building projects off the ground .
That 's one reason why the CBO found that the jobs tax credit would actually be not only faster , but more effective at creating work hours .
At the same time , it 's not clear even to the CBO that a hiring tax credit could work , or if it ever has .
After the 1973 - 5 recession the New Jobs Tax Credit gave firms a tax break if they increased total employment by at least two percent .
The policy was too complex for many firms to apply , and later studies struggled to agree that the tax credit boosted jobs by a significant number .
A Department of Labor report ultimately concluded that it was impossible to observe what hiring would have been done without the credit .
“ If you look at the beginnings of clinical psychology , ” Patricia Hasbach , a psychotherapist and prominent ecopsychologist based in Eugene , told me , “ the focus was on intrapsychic forces ” — the mind - bound interplay of ego , id and superego .
“ Then the field broadened to take into account interpersonal forces such as relationships and interactions between people .
Then it took a huge leap to look at whole families and systems of people .
Then it broadened even further to take into account social systems ” and the importance of social identities like race , gender and class .
“ Ecopsychology wants to broaden the field again to look at ecological systems , ” she said .
“ It wants to take the entire planet into account . ”
The terms in which ecopsychology pursues this admittedly ambitious goal are steeped in the field ’s countercultural beginnings .
Ecopsychology emerged in the early 1960s , just as the modern environmental movement was gathering strength , when a group of Boston - area graduate students gathered to discuss what they saw as the isolation and malaise infecting modern life .
It had another brief period of efflorescence , particularly on the West Coast and among practitioners of alternative therapies , in the early ’90s , when Theodore Roszak , a professor of history ( he coined the word “ counterculture ” ) published a manifesto , “ The Voice of the Earth , ” in which he criticized modern psychology for neglecting the primal bond between man and nature .
“ Mainstream Western psychology has limited the definition of mental health to the interpersonal context of an urban - industrial society , ” he later wrote .
“ All that lies beyond the citified psyche has seemed of no human relevance — or perhaps too frightening to think about . ”
Ecopsychology ’s eclectic following , which includes therapists , researchers , ecologists and activists , still reflects these earlier foundations .
So does its rhetoric .
Practitioners are as apt , if not more apt , to cite Native American folk tales as they are empirical data to make their points .
Yet even as it remains committed to its origins , ecopsychology has begun in recent years to enter mainstream academic circles .
Last April , Doherty published the first issue of Ecopsychology , the first peer - reviewed journal dedicated to “ the relationship between environmental issues and mental health and well - being . ”
Next year , M.I.T .
Press will publish a book of the same name , edited by Hasbach and Peter Kahn , a developmental psychologist , and Jolina Ruckert , a Ph.D. candidate , both at the University of Washington .
The volume brings together scholars from a range of disciplines , among them the award - winning biologist Lynn Margulis and the anthropologist Wade Davis , as it delves into such areas as “ technological nature ” and how the environment affects human perception .
Ecopsychology is taught at Oberlin College , Lewis & Clark College and the University of Wisconsin , among other institutions .
Ecopsychologists are not the first to embrace a vital link between mind and nature .
They themselves admit as much , emphasizing the field ’s roots in traditions like Buddhism , Romanticism and Transcendentalism .
They point to affinities with evolutionary psychology — to the idea that our responses to the environment are hard - wired because of how we evolved as a species .
They also point to biophilia , a hypothesis put forward by the eminent Harvard biologist E. O. Wilson , in 1984 , that human beings have an “ innate tendency to focus on life and lifelike processes . ”
Though Wilson ’s idea has been criticized as both deterministic and so broad as to be untestable , the notion that evolution endowed humans with a craving for nature struck a lasting chord in many sectors of the scientific community .
Over the past quarter - century , Wilson ’s hypothesis has inspired a steady flow of articles , books , conferences and , last year , the E. O. Wilson Biophilia Center in northwest Florida .
But unlike Wilson and his followers , ecopsychologists tend to focus on the pathological aspect of the mind - nature relationship : its brokenness .
In this respect , their project finds echoes in the culture at large .
Recently , a number of psychiatrically inflected coinages have sprung up to represent people ’s growing unease over the state of the planet — “ nature - deficit disorder , ” “ ecoanxiety , ” “ ecoparalysis . ”
The terms have multiplied so quickly that Albrecht has proposed instituting an entire class of “ psycho­terratic syndromes ” : mental - health issues attributable to the degraded state of one ’s physical surroundings .
Ecopsychologists , many of whom are licensed clinicians , remain wary of attributing specific illnesses to environmental decline or of arguing that more - established disorders have exclusively environmental causes .
Rather , they propose a new clinical approach based on the idea that treating patients in an age of ecological crisis requires more than current therapeutic approaches offer .
It requires tapping into what Roszak called our “ ecological unconscious . ”
LAST JUNE , I PAID a visit to Doherty , who works in a stone - fronted building in northeast Portland , in an office decorated with a sweeping topographical map of Oregon and a fountain that trickles water onto a pile of stones .
He has receding red hair and a red mustache and beard ; a small silver hoop dangles from the cartilage of his left ear .
Doherty was raised in a working - class neighborhood in Buffalo and then went to Columbia University , where he majored in English .
Afterward , he worked in a variety of jobs that reflected his interest in the environment : fisherman , wilderness counselor , river - rafting guide , door - to - door fund - raiser for Greenpeace .
As a therapist with activist credentials in a “ green ” city on the West Coast , Doherty is fairly representative of ecopsychologists today .
He is also typical in that he was inspired to enter the field by Roszak ’s “ Voice of the Earth . ”
To some extent Doherty remains under Roszak ’s spell .
When we met , he talked about “ an appropriate distrust of science , ” and the “ dualistic ” character of empiricism — the mind / body split — which gives society “ free rein to destroy the world . ”
But he recognizes that ecopsychology endorses a few dualisms of its own .
“ A more simplistic , first - generation ecopsychology position simplifies the world , ” he said .
“ Either you ’re green or you ’re not .
Either you ’re sane or you ’re not .
It conflates mental health and / or lack of mental health with values and choices and the culture . ”
His mission , he said , is to spearhead a “ second - generation ecopsychology ” that leaves these binaries behind .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Japan has lifted all tsunami alerts throughout the country , almost two days after a powerful earthquake hit Chile .
A tsunami more than one metre ( 3ft ) high hit the country 's northern Pacific coast on Sunday , although bigger waves were expected .
Other Pacific nations were hit by tsunamis but no major damage or casualties were reported .
In Chile itself , however , areas affected by both the quake and the resulting tsunami saw hundreds dead .
In the fishing village of Concepcion , 350 bodies were found and in the port of Talcahuano more than 20 boats were swept ashore and dumped in the streets by the waves .
Large waves struck Chile 's Juan Fernandez island group , reaching halfway into one inhabited area and killing five people .
Several more are missing .
Well prepared Warning systems across the Pacific have improved since the 2004 Indonesia quake sparked a tsunami that killed nearly 250,000 people .
Nations and regions affected by the Pacific " Ring of Fire " all sounded alerts , trying to estimate the anticipated time of arrival of any tsunami following the earthquake , which struck on Saturday at 0634 GMT .
Residents of south - eastern Philippines took shelter after warnings
The first tsunami waves to reach Japan were reported to be just 10 cm ( 4in ) high , with a wave of 90 cm ( 35.5 in ) following .
The BBC's Roland Buerk in Tokyo says Japan has experienced many earthquakes of its own and was well prepared .
People in areas at risk were ordered to move to higher ground , train services running along the coast were suspended and steel gates across fishing harbours were shut .
In 1960 about 140 people were killed by a tsunami in Japan after a major earthquake in Chile .
Thousands of people also left coastal areas of the Philippines after warnings of a possible tsunami were spread by text message .
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center had warned of " widespread damage " across the region following Saturday 's quake , but later said waves were not as high as predicted .
A geophysicist at the centre , Gerard Fryer , told the BBC that the tsunami's impact was small because the earthquake occurred in shallow water .
The earthquake was " big enough to do significant damage , but not big enough to do anything large in the far field " , he said .
' Ordinary stormy day '
Part of the Marquesas Islands in French Polynesia were hit by a 4 m ( 13ft ) wave , but no casualties were reported .
In Tahiti , the tsunami waves were smaller , causing little damage .
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center in Hawaii was monitoring the waves New Zealand 's Chatham Islands were hit by a wave of 1.5 m ( 5 ft ) and areas along the main North and South Islands experienced small surges with no reports of casualties or serious damage .
Sirens were sounded in Hawaii to alert residents to the tsunami threat several hours before waves were expected .
The first waves hit about 2200 GMT on Saturday , after water began moving away from the shore at Hilo Bay on the Big Island before returning .
But correspondents say that , although 8 ft ( 2.5 m ) waves had been predicted , the islands experienced nothing noticeably different from an ordinary stormy day .
Hawaiian officials later lifted the tsunami warning .
Despite Australian warnings of " possible dangerous waves , strong ocean currents and foreshore flooding " on the east coast , swimmers and surfers flocked to Sydney 's Bondi beach .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Welcome to Leagle !
Leagle is a leading provider of United States Court opinions and decisions .
Every opinion and decision handed down by the Courts – Trial Courts , Appellate Courts and Supreme Courts , spanning Civil , Criminal , Family , Tax or Bankruptcy litigations are published here daily .
Our library is comprehensive and contains over 5 million published and unpublished cases since 1950 .
The Leagle Lawyer directory contains over 150,000 lawyer listings in every area of practise .
Many of them are our distinguished “ Featured Lawyers ” .
Leagle is the place to find the most appropriate lawyer for any situation , find information on litigations , past and current , or keep you informed on the latest trends in the area of Law , Law Practice or Legal thinking .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Valium - like drugs use the same potentially addictive “ reward pathways ” in the brain as heroin and cannabis , scientists said on Wednesday , findings which may help in the search for non-addictive alternative anxiety drugs .
Valium pills are seen in a handout photo from the Department of Justice .
REUTERS /DOJ / Handout
Researchers from Switzerland and the United States found that so - called benzodiazepine drugs , such as Ativan , Xanax and Valium , exert a calming effect by boosting action of a neurotransmitter called gamma- aminobutyric acid ( GABA ) in the same way as addictive drugs like opioids and cannabinoids .
This in turn activates the gratification hormone , dopamine , in the brain , the scientists said , showing that the same brain “ reward pathways ” are used by both types of drugs .
The findings may help in developing a next generation of non-addictive benzodiazepines , they wrote in the journal Nature .
Roche ’s drug Valium , known generically as diazepam , is the best known of the benzodiazepine class of drugs , which have dominated the anxiety medicine market since the 1960s .
It and Ativan were among a host of other prescription drugs found in the blood of American pop star Michael Jackson when he died in June last year .
The study found that benzodiazepines seemed to work by binding to a particular part of the GABA , which the researchers named as the alpha1 sub - unit of the GABA type A receptor .
The findings show that developing similar benzodiazepines that bind to a different part may offer the same drug benefits without the addictive side effects , they said .
A study published earlier this month found that people with higher levels of dopamine in the brain tend to be more prone to addictive behavior .
Drug companies have been trying for some time to develop next - generation benzodiazepines by tweaking their chemical make - up to deliver a more selective effect that avoids unwanted side effects , but it has so far proved an uphill struggle .
German scientists conducting early research into a new compound said last year they thought they may have found a better anxiety drug which could counteract panic attacks without the side effects of existing drugs .
In 2003 Merck & Co abandoned work on another potential anxiety drug known as GABA Alpha 2 / Alpha 3 , after mid-stage clinical trial results were disappointing .
Ever wondered what baby animals look like before they 're projected out of their mothers ' vaginas ?
Well now you do thanks to National Geographic .
So yeah , thanks -- I , uh , think .
Extraordinary Animals
In The Womb aired last year , using advances in scanning and imaging technology to trace the gestational paths of animals outside the human family .
The documentary footage is actually a combination of digital photography , scans , and computer - generated models .
The filmmakers took detailed scans of the animal 's wombs , then had the model makers recreate every blood vessel and whisker .
The resulting images , while not direct photographs , are , according to the researchers , accurate representations of what goes on inside these creatures ' wombs .
Ah , the miracle of life .
Reminds me of the time a hippie friend of mine gave birth and then saved the placenta to eat later .
Which , HORF HORF HORF HORF HORF .
Seriously , you 're not a cat , lady .
I mean , you ARE a cat lady , just not an actual cat yourself .
* meow !*
You better cut that shit out .
Hit the jump for several more in utero animals including a penguin , dolphin and several dogs .
Rare In Utero Images Glimpse Animals Inside the Womb [ io9 ]
Thanks to Erin , who would have just wedged a camera up the vagina like the paparazzi do celebrities .
David sez ,
" Almost two years ago , I came up with a concept for a ' Bulbdial ' clock .
Instead of physical hands , it has three shadows cast by a series of rotating lights indicating hours , seconds , and minutes .
Nine months ago , Evil Mad Scientist Laboratories developed a working model using three rings of LEDs .
Now Bulbdial Clocks are available as a kit from EMSL .
They did the hard work on this , coming up with a cool Mantel Clock implementation in various styles .
You can get one at their site here . "
A Bulbdial Clock
( Thanks , David )
ALBANY --
During his eight - year hiatus from public life , Rick Lazio earned millions of dollars from one of Wall Street 's biggest banks , in part for lobbying against restrictions on credit card and student lending practices .
Lazio , a former Long Island congressman and the presumptive Republican candidate for governor , oversaw lobbying for J.P. Morgan Chase as an executive vice president between 2004 and 2008 .
A Times Union review of public records found he worked for the firm to " educate ( congressional ) members and staff " about several bills pushed by consumer advocates but opposed by the financial giant .
In a recent interview with the Times Union , Lazio said he was proud of his work for J.P. Morgan .
" There is always tension between businesses that are set up to make a profit and advocacy groups that see their job very differently , obviously , " Lazio said .
" They 're not in the business to extend credit or price risk or any of these other things .
J.P. Morgan is a for - profit company .
...
It expects to have good , legitimate business practices , but also to make money . "
Lazio said his role at J.P. Morgan " was to be somebody on the inside and outside that would explain these policies and practices to people , and protect them .
...
And when I 'm governor that will be my job , too : to advocate for and protect the people of New York . "
Lazio took a partial leave from J.P. Morgan in May 2009 and left the firm in September when he formally declared his candidacy for governor , said Barney Keller , a Lazio spokesman .
The Times Union requested information on Lazio 's compensation during his time at J.P. Morgan , which during the interview the candidate expressed a willingness to provide .
( Lazio would be required to disclose his 2009 income and stock holdings within a week of receiving the Republican nomination . )
A week after the Times Union request , Keller said Lazio was paid a $ 325,000 base salary and $ 1.3 million bonus for his work in 2008 , as well as $ 260,000 in salary and a $ 300,000 bonus -- received this year -- for his work in 2009 .
Salary information from the previous years was not immediately available , Keller said .
Records show J.P. Morgan spent $ 5.44 million lobbying in Washington during 2007 and $ 1.43 million in the first three months of 2008 , after which Lazio left its government relations arm for another division .
Congress had begun to show interest in bank regulation over that period as the economic boom -- fueled by cheap money and what many critics describe as reckless lending practices -- began to slow .
The eventual downturn caused institutions to curtail lending and , after two marquee Wall Street banks collapsed , required intervention by the federal government .
J.P. Morgan 's lobbying efforts were broad , and included a push to raise the quota on visas for foreign workers and a crackdown on practices that enable the financing of terrorists .
But according to Travis Plunkett , legislative director for the Consumer Federation of America , it also fought attempts to restrict credit card practices " designed to trip up consumers and trap them in debt . "
Consumer Federation of America and Consumers Union supported a bill introduced by Sen. Carl Levin , D - Mich. , that would have limited credit card interest and penalties .
J.P. Morgan and others lobbied against the bill , which never became law .
" We 've struggled against enormous financial - industry pressure to bring these abusive practices under control , " said Chuck Bell , programs director for Consumers Union .
He said the banks " have strongly opposed fair rules to eliminate tricks and traps in credit cards , and American consumers have suffered as a result . "
Records list Lazio as a member of the lobbying team that worked against Levin 's bill , though Lazio could n't remember specifically meeting with members about it .
" If people presented a credit risk , J.P. Morgan 's view was that ... the bank ought to be able to price for the risk -- so the people who had less risk could get the benefit of stronger credit , " Lazio said .
Student lending was another area in which Lazio was active lobbying .
A 2007 investigation by Attorney General Andrew Cuomo -- now a potential 2010 gubernatorial challenger -- found conflicts of interest among student loan officers at many colleges , which would recommend " preferred lenders " to students for arbitrary reasons .
The attorney general 's investigation , which was picked up in Congress by Rep. George Miller , D - Calif. , found banks were wooing the loan officers and , in some cases , offering a slice of their profits .
J.P. Morgan was found to have spent over $ 70,000 for a 2005 cruise around New York harbor for more than 200 college financial aid officers .
Lazio said he knew nothing about the cruise .
Amid pressure from Cuomo , J.P. Morgan signed on to a voluntary code of conduct in 2007 and supported Miller 's bill to make it federal law .
But the company lobbied against other legislation pushed by Miller in the wake of the scandal that would have shifted $ 20 billion of subsidies from private student lending to direct federal lending .
" The 2007 student loan scandals finally exposed the millions of dollars lenders were spending to violate the law , " Miller said .
" It was very clear that the taxpayer subsidies these lenders were receiving were not only excessive , but were essentially financing bad lender behavior . "
J.P. Morgan was on the losing end of that equation .
" The competition was good , " said Lazio , who said he made the argument that " students and schools wanted to have the private sector involved , and that there needed to be room for direct lending , where the federal government made the direct loans to students , and guaranteed loans , where the private sector was making the loans . "
At a time when some Americans have sour feelings about large financial institutions , Lazio's Wall Street resume could be a political liability .
" It depends on how the individual involved portrays his job history , " said Hank Sheinkopf , a Democratic political consultant .
" If he lobbied against consumer protection issues , if he lobbied to get more money out of the pockets of consumers , then it will be a real problem and will be used against him . "
Sheinkopf sketched out a possible line of attack : " This is Reckless Rick .
He did n't even have enough brains to not try to run for office after he took the bonus . "
Lazio said he was confident voters would see through the fog .
" There 's absolutely going to be an effort -- particularly if it 's Andrew Cuomo ( as the Democratic gubernatorial nominee ) -- to paint me as somebody from the financial sector , " he said .
" But I have a lot of confidence in people .
I think they can distinguish and understand roles and I think they understand that we 're not better off as a state if we destroy the financial sector .
" Somebody who has got an understanding of that sector is in the best place to make that a reality . "
Jimmy Vielkind can be reached at 454-5081 or jvielkind@timesunion.com .
Bills Lazio Lobbied Against
S-1395 -- Stop Unfair Credit Card Practices
To prohibit interest on debt paid on time and in full and limit " penalty rate " increases to seven percentage points .
Died in committee .
HR - 946 -- Overdraft Protection Fair Practices
Act
To prevent banks from enrolling people in overdraft plans without their consent .
Died in committee .
HR -3915 -- Mortgage Reform and Anti-Predatory Lending Act
To prohibit mortgage lenders from steering borrowers to loans that they lacked a " reasonable ability " to repay .
Passed House , died in Senate .
Bills Lazio Lobbied For
HR - 890 -- Student Loan Sunshine Act
To prohibit college loan officers from taking gifts or perks from lending institutions .
Became law .
S -473 -- Combating Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Act
To improve prohibitions on money laundering .
Died in committee .
Bills Lazio lobbied against
S-1395 -- Stop Unfair Credit Card Practices
To prohibit interest on debt paid on time and in full and limit " penalty rate " increases to seven percentage points .
Result : Died in committee .
HR - 946 -- Overdraft Protection Fair Practices
Act
To prevent banks from enrolling people in overdraft plans without their consent .
Result : Died in committee .
HR -3915 -- Mortgage Reform and Anti-Predatory Lending Act
To prohibit mortgage lenders from steering borrowers to loans that they lacked a " reasonable ability " to repay .
Result : Passed House , died in Senate .
Bills Lazio lobbied for
HR - 890 -- Student Loan Sunshine Act
To prohibit college loan officers from taking gifts or perks from lending institutions .
Result : Became law .
S -473 -- Combating Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Act
To improve prohibitions on money laundering .
Result : Died in committee .
.
Galactically vile Christian cleric Pat Robertson told his CBN viewers today that Haitians are " cursed " because their ancestors " swore a pact with the devil " to liberate themselves from the French in 1804 .
" True story . "
What else would he say ?
Robertson can't let human suffering pass without finding a way to insinuate that God did it deliberately because he hates gay people , black people , Catholics , or whatever other poor dying sap he can find to cruelly mock and use to his own political and fundraising advantage .
In the wake of 9/11 , he hosted Jerry Falwell on his show , The 700 Club , to spread the gospel of Jesus Christ by saying " the pagans , and the abortionists , and the feminists , and the gays and the lesbians who are actively trying to make that an alternative lifestyle , the ACLU , People For the American Way " bore responsibility for the attacks and resulting deaths .
Robertson nodded in agreement at his guest , adding that " we have sinned against Almighty God , at the highest level of our government , we 've stuck our finger in your eye ....
The Supreme Court has insulted you over and over again , Lord .
They 've taken your Bible away from the schools .
They 've forbidden little children to pray .
They 've taken the knowledge of God as best they can , and organizations have come into court to take the knowledge of God out of the public square of America . "
After Katrina , Robertson consulted his soothsaying cross and determined that God killed 1,000 or so poor black people because they got too many abortions : " Have we found we are unable somehow to defend ourselves against some of the attacks that are coming against us , either by terrorists or now by natural disaster ?
Could they be connected in some way ? "
He went on to hope that the confirmation of John Roberts as chief justice to the Supreme Court could forestall further carnage .
Pat Robertson is as hateful and seized by superstition as any Taliban mullah with a knot in his forehead from obsessively banging it into a prayer mat .
The motivation for this latest proclamation is no doubt the fact that about half the people in Haiti practice voodoo , an amalgam of Catholicism and African animism that dates to the importation of West African slaves there in the 16th century , and that was common to the slaves who whose uprising against their French owners eventually became the Haitian Revolution .
For a more nuanced explication Haiti's Satanic provenance — " Government Of The Devil , By The Devil , And For The Devil " — go here .
So because the people of Haiti practice a different religion from Robertson — about which everything he knows he learned from watching The Serpent and the Rainbow — it follows that their historic liberation in a bloody war must have been the result of a negotiation with a malevolent supernatural being who intervenes in worldly affairs .
And every tragedy that has befallen their ancestors since has been deliberately directed at them by an all - powerful and loving god who wants to kill them , repeatedly , because they gained freedom by striking a deal with his enemy .
Who 's the fucking witch doctor ?
UPDATE : A spokesman for Robertson e-mailed Politico's Ben Smith to helpfully explain that " countless scholars and religious figures over the centuries ... believe the country is cursed , " so Robertson was relying on sound scholarly research in tracing the cataclysmic earthquake to a well - documented pact with Satan that the people of Haiti entered into at the turn of the 19th century .
On today 's The 700 Club , during a segment about the devastation , suffering and humanitarian effort that is needed in Haiti , Dr. Robertson also spoke about Haiti 's history .
His comments were based on the widely - discussed 1791 slave rebellion led by Boukman Dutty at Bois Caiman , where the slaves allegedly made a famous pact with the devil in exchange for victory over the French .
This history , combined with the horrible state of the country , has led countless scholars and religious figures over the centuries to believe the country is cursed .
Dr. Robertson never stated that the earthquake was God 's wrath .
If you watch the entire video segment , Dr. Robertson 's compassion for the people of Haiti is clear .
He called for prayer for them .
His humanitarian arm has been working to help thousands of people in Haiti over the last year , and they are currently launching a major relief and recovery effort to help the victims of this disaster .
They have sent a shipment of millions of dollars worth of medications that is now in Haiti , and their disaster team leaders are expected to arrive tomorrow and begin operations to ease the suffering .
[ Via Politico . ]
They came .
They sang .
They wore pink cowboy hats .
When the San Francisco Gay Men's Chorus embarked on its Freedom Tour into the heart of Proposition 8 territory over the weekend , there were concerns .
Would red -state towns like Redding and Chico turn out to see gay men in tuxedos singing " Over the Rainbow " ?
Would there be protests , threats or fear - mongering from Shasta County 's fundamentalist community ?
But chorus artistic director and conductor Kathleen McGuire asked : " Who is afraid of a choir ? "
Make no mistake , this is n't a tour .
It 's a groundbreaking political action .
In the upcoming months , they 'll visit Bakersfield , Fresno and Tracy , all strongholds for Prop. 8 , the measure that banned same - sex marriage .
They hope their music will help personalize the fight for gays to marry .
It is more than a small gamble .
They could face protests , fights or even worse - complete indifference .
" When the tickets did n't sell at first , I thought , ' Oh God , no one is going to show up , ' " said Amy Andrews , a welfare worker in Redding , who helped arrange the show at the 1,000 - plus - seat Cascade Theatre .
" And then tickets just took off .
I have never been prouder of my hometown . "
Saturday 's show was a sellout .
So was Sunday 's 450 - seat event in Chico , where they received a standing ovation .
Looking for answers
Rednecks in those towns can sneer - singers said they experienced a few catcalls - but the 90 unapologetic gay men , many sporting wedding rings , came to town asking tough questions .
They performed " William 's Song , " the true story of a high school boy who was beat up because of his sexuality .
And when they sing the chorus - " Why does it take five great big guys to beat up one little queer ? " - they expect some answers .
This weekend , they proved harder to ignore than the local cowboys may have expected .
There were several conservative Christians in the audience .
They said they were there supporting a friend or family member , but I defy them to say they were n't moved .
Because once it was established that the chorus was n't decked out in feather boas or leather chaps , it was impossible not to notice that they looked like our sons , our brothers and our fathers .
And that is the real message of this tour .
At some point , every man onstage sat down with his family to tell them he was gay .
That moment still moves many of the men .
Marc Savitt says he was 40 when he told his mother .
He told her it was n't anything he chose , or anything she did , but he hoped she would love him for what he is , rather than what she wishes he was .
There 's a song in the program that says that .
Savitt cries every time - and keeps singing .
The Rev. Jeff Frost from All Saints Episcopal attended Saturday .
He 's adamant that marriage can only be between a man and a woman .
" But , " he said Saturday , " I struggle with it a little bit . "
The chorus did n't expect a total transformation .
As for the area 's small , quiet gay community , they seemed blown away .
Bill McPhetridge , a gay man in his late 60s , moved to the area in 1988 .
Was he surprised at the turnout ?
Try " astounded . "
" Redding really does have a lot of rednecks , " he said .
When the guys put on their glitter - trimmed pink Stetsons and hoedowned to " If You Were Gay , " let 's just say the Redding Rodeo may never again have quite the same vibe .
The night brought political statements , dead - perfect harmonies , standout soloists and a rip- roaring gospel version of " Oh Happy Day " - featuring choir - robed Sanford Smith - that lifted the crowd right out of their seats .
The performance also brought a sucker punch of emotion for just about everyone .
A stranger threw her arms around baritone Brian Jung .
" Until now , " she said , " we felt like the only parents in Shasta County with a gay child . "
Standing at the bar across the street from the theater , Denise Wallace was knocking back vodka with friends .
When I asked the short , feisty 60 - year - old with a voice with the timbre of a chain saw if she was going to the concert , she initially replied with an answer unfit for print .
And then elaborated .
" I grew up a lesbian in Shasta County , " she said .
" When I was 26 , I got a job at the paper company .
And every day when I went to work , ' Denise is a queer ' was written everywhere .
It was awful .
First I was hurt , but now I 'm pissed . "
Emotional night
An hour later during the concert , Wallace 's tough talk gave way to unapologetic tears .
Launching the tour in Redding was no mistake .
In 1999 , the town was the site of an infamous hate crime when brothers Matthew and Tyler Williams murdered a well - known gay couple , Gary Matson and Winfield Mowder .
Mathew committed suicide in prison .
Tyler is serving a 60 - year prison term .
But it was also a homecoming for choir member Bud Dillon .
Dillon admitted he had a spell Saturday night when he mouthed the words , too choked up to sing .
" I did n't know what gay was when I was in high school , " Dillon said .
" I had a horse , a western saddle and cowboy boots .
I just knew I was different .
I did n't come out until I was 30 . "
Nearly 100 people came to support him .
He admits many do n't support his lifestyle .
His grandfather was a Seventh - day Adventist minister , and he says " 90 percent of my relatives are Christians ... right - wing Christians .
But they are still good people . "
Among those at the Redding show was Patrick Henry Jones , the mayor and a gun shop owner .
Jones admitted , " If you 'd asked me a couple of months ago if I would be here , I would have said probably not . "
But prodded by Frank Treadway , cultural coordinator of the Shasta Arts Council , Jones attended and presented the chorus with a proclamation .
Treadway said that after convincing the mayor to come , he suggested he bring his wife .
" I 'm not married , " Jones said .
" Never have been . "
" So , " Treadway asked , " does that mean you 're available ? "
There are two kinds of pomegranates .
The red kind that we grew up eating and our mothers cursed because of the staining quality , and that are most plentiful in stores .
There is another variety that has a yellow / green skin and the seeds are pink rather than red .
It takes both kinds to make this pie .
I came up with this a couple of years ago when I was craving a fresh fruit pie and fresh berries in November are outrageously expensive .
I had picked pomegranates at my cousins house and had found the yellow pomegranates growing on the side of the road in a very rural area .
I experimented and took it to a church potluck social .
It was the hit of the social , and it satisfied my craving for fresh fruit pie .
It is requested everytime I get together with my family for Thanksgiving or Christmas .
Editors must love Shell .
Almost whatever I have read about climate change and the UN talks in Copenhagen in recent weeks , it has been flanked by the familiar Shell logo somewhere in the background .
From geeky titles like New Scientist to politico mags such as Prospect and New Statesman ; and newspapers like the Guardian , the world 's second largest corporation has been splashing out – filling screens and newsprint with adverts and underwriting special supplements .
Shell also sponsored a major research project by the Economist Intelligence Unit , called Countdown to Copenhagen , launched early this year at a Shell - sponsored " sustainability summit " .
Nobody is suggesting that Shell is writing the copy .
And surely only the most craven editor would leave out criticism of oil companies like Shell .
But the unmistakeable message is that Shell is going green .
It 's not just a subliminal message , either .
The ads are all about Shell developing new low - carbon technologies , like carbon - capture , biofuels and " helping our customers use energy more efficiently " .
They have pretty images , like a butterfly net catching CO2 , and a pocket calculator with a button marked " less CO2 " .
It wo n't be easy , says the message : " We 'll need to think the impossible is possible . "
Trouble is , in reality , Shell wants to think the possible is impossible .
As its recently retired chief executive , Jeroen van der Veer , said earlier this year of wind , solar and hydrogen power : " I do n't expect them to grow much at Shell from here . "
Back then I wrote that " Shell is the new Exxon " .
But the latest evidence suggests it is worse than that .
A new study of the environmental performance of the world 's top 10 oil and gas companies by the Madrid - based environmental auditing company Management & Excellence puts
Shell last of all the western majors .
That 's behind BP , Total , Chevron and even ExxonMobil .
Shell has fallen from fourth place to seventh in the past year , and is now propping up the bottom of the table with two Chinese oil giants , Sinopec and Petrochina , and the Russian monolith Gazprom .
None are known for their environmental credentials .
The audit analyses the 10 companies according to 198 different criteria .
Shell gets a rating of 51 % , compared with top- ranking BP's 77 % and Exxon 's 62 % .
Shell 's new chief executive Peter Voser last week made one statistical claim for his company 's progress to date .
Its chemical plants were , he said , 8 % more energy efficient that in 2001 .
Good for them .
But most other companies are doing better .
The M&E study found Shell next to bottom on energy savings .
Shell failed to make the grade in other areas , too .
It may spend millions promoting its expertise in alternative energy technologies , but Shell came in the bottom half here , too , with only half the scores of BP , Chevron and the Brazilian oil giant , Petrobras .
Once , BP and Shell were bracketed together as companies taking the lead in expanding into renewables .
But the report says that among the top 10 today " only BP seems to have a real business in alternative energies " .
Shell spokesman Shaun Wiggins said : " While Shell is aware of Management & Excellence , we have made a conscious choice to not participate in its rankings survey process . "
The company says it prefers other environmental audits .
The findings will come as no surprise to those who read Friends of the Earth 's June report on Shell 's Big Dirty Secret , which charged the it with being " the world 's most carbon intensive oil company " .
Shell claims on its websites : " We were one of the first energy companies to acknowledge the threat of climate change . "
The tragedy is that this is true , but that so little has come of it .
I have lost count of the number of false dawns at Shell .
At the Earth Summit in Rio in 1992 , I reported Shell scientists promising that the company was going to plant tree across the tropics to soak up carbon dioxide .
Whatever happened to that idea ?
Just before the Kyoto climate conference in 1997 , Shell announced it was making a $ 500 m investment in solar power .
By the World Summit in Johannesburg in 2002 it claimed to be installing solar panels across the developing world .
Today it is absent from that business too .
Wiggins said Shell has spent $ 1.7bn on renewable in the past five years , but now concentrates on biofuels because they are " closest to our core business " .
But he agreed that oil and gas still make up 95 % of its business , and the truth is that the company has flattered to deceive for almost two decades now .
Readers of its current adverts are directed towards a zappy and visionary website devoted entirely to what might happen in the future .
But the future has been a long time coming for Shell .
And it seems ever further away .
More press releases
For Immediate Release , February 2 , 2010 Contact : Randy Serraglio , ( 520 ) 784-1504 or rserraglio@biologicaldiversity.org Center for Biological Diversity to Join Global Population Speak Out TUCSON , Ariz . —
The Center for Biological Diversity announced today its participation in the second annual Global Population Speak Out , a month - long effort to publicize the crisis of unsustainable human population growth .
The Center is speaking out as part of its overpopulation campaign , which addresses the devastating impacts of overpopulation on endangered species .
“ The Center for Biological Diversity joins this year ’s Global Population Speak
Out to help raise awareness about this critical environmental issue and the endangered species and habitats threatened by human overpopulation , ” said Randy Serraglio , a conservation advocate leading the Center ’s campaign .
“ Unsustainable human population growth is the primary underlying factor driving the current decline and mass extinction of other life on Earth .
”
The Center ’s campaign , launched in February 2009 , is a major educational initiative drawing attention to the close connection between the massive increase in human numbers and the rapid decrease in the planet ’s biological diversity .
“ It is rare that an environmental group is willing to address the deep - seated problem of overpopulation , ” said Serraglio , “ but with more species going extinct today than ever before in our lifetime , we can no longer ignore our impact on the planet .
We hope that many more conservation groups will join the conversation about population growth because it affects every environmental issue . ”
As part of the ongoing campaign , the Center has created a Web site that illuminates the connection between burgeoning human population and accelerating biodiversity loss .
“ Most biologists agree that we have begun the sixth mass extinction event in the Earth ’s history , ” said Serraglio .
“ What separates this one from earlier events is that it is being driven by a single species – humans .
All the direct threats to the earth ’s biodiversity – land - use changes due to urban sprawl and commercial development , environmental contamination , competition for water and other resources , climate change , and so on – are driven by human overpopulation . ”
The 2010 Speak
Out promises to be larger than last year ’s , as hundreds of individuals and groups have pledged to participate .
This year ’s sponsors include prominent conservation voices from outside the United States , where the subject of human overpopulation is less taboo , including the president of the European Section of the Society for Conservation Biology and the director of conservation at the African Conservation Foundation .
“ As part of the GPSO this month and the Center ’s overpopulation campaign , we ’re planning to launch creative , multimedia education projects focused on protecting endangered species and our environment , ” said Serraglio .
“ Our goal is to reach out to the public in new ways and help people understand how they can be part of the solution to curb runaway human population growth . ”
On the Web , please see http://www.biologicaldiversity.org/campaigns/overpopulation/index.html
and http://gpso.wordpress.com/.
O precious codex , volume , tome ,
Book , writing , compilation , work ,
Attend the while I pen a pome ,
A jest , a jape , a quip , a quirk .
For I would pen , engross , indite ,
Transcribe , set forth , compose , address ,
Record , submit–yea , even write
An ode , an elegy to bless –
To bless , set store by , celebrate ,
Approve , esteem , endow with soul ,
Commend , acclaim , appreciate ,
Immortalize , laud , praise , extol
Thy merit , goodness , value , worth ,
Experience , utility –
O manna , honey , salt of earth ,
I sing , I chant , I worship thee !
How could I manage , live , exist ,
Obtain , produce , be real , prevail ,
Be present in the flesh , subsist ,
Have place , become , breathe or inhale
Without thy help , recruit , support ,
Opitulation , furtherance ,
Assistance , rescue , aid , resort ,
Favour , sustention , and advance ?
Alack !
Alack ! and well - a- day !
My case would then be dour and sad ,
Likewise distressing , dismal , gray ,
Pathetic , mournful , dreary , bad .
Though I could keep this up all day ,
This lyric , elegiac , song ,
Meseems hath come the time to say
Farewell !
Adieu !
Good -by !
So long !
— Franklin P. Adams , collected in Carolyn Wells , The Book of Humorous Verse , 1920
The item you have requested cannot be found .
This may be due to a bad link , or the item being moved or deleted .
You can use the search box above to try and find what you are looking for , or you can go to the index
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE CITY ( AP ) --
Guns made and kept in Utah would be exempt from federal regulations under a measure passed by the Utah Legislature Wednesday , despite concerns over an expensive legal fight at a time when the budget is already stretched thin .
Senate Bill 11 was passed by the Utah House 56 - 17 .
The proposal mirrors one Montana signed into law last year that 's intended to trigger a federal court battle .
The measures would allow guns made in the respective states to be exempt from federal gun registration rules like background checks and dealer - licensing .
The goal is to circumvent federal authority over interstate commerce , the legal basis for most gun regulation in the U.S .
In the process , it could lead to small arms dealers in the state operating with little to no oversight .
Sen . Margaret Dayton , an Orem Republican , has said her bill is part of a broader effort to send a message to Congress that the federal government is overstepping its bounds .
Rep. Stephen Sandstrom , R - Orem , said the bill is n't just about guns .
It 's also about state 's rights , he said .
The House sponsor of the proposal , Sandstrom said other states have similar bills in the works and he 's been speaking with legislators across the nation who are actively involved .
The bill now goes to Utah Gov. Gary Herbert .
Spokeswoman Angie Welling said Herbert supports legislative efforts to reaffirm states ' rights , but is concerned about the possible legal costs that would go with constitutional challenges .
One thing that Sandstrom wants the governor to keep in mind is the popular support he says he 's seen for the legislation .
" I think the governor better think long and hard about this bill because I do n't think he truly understands the depth and commitment that people have in this state to seeing it going forward , " he said .
Democratic lawmakers urged the House Wednesday to vote against the measure on both fiscal and constitutional grounds .
They argued that Utah 's expected $ 700 million budget shortfall in 2011 should make the state uncomfortable about possibly getting roped into a pricey legal battle .
" I 'm looking at our budget for next year and the drastic disabling cuts , " Rep. Christine Johnson , D - Salt Lake City , said .
" I think it 's advantageous to allow Montana to be the laboratory for this experiment . "
That process has already begun .
The Department of Justice , in a brief filed last month , asked a judge to dismiss a lawsuit filed last year by gun advocates in Montana who argued the state should decide which rules , if any , would control the sale and purchase of guns and paraphernalia made in Montana .
The brief said the 1934 National Firearms
Act was first put in place to regulate guns that could be " used readily and efficiently by criminals or gangsters . "
Congress followed it in 1968 with a gun control act aimed at decreasing serious crime , and further strengthened its control over interstate commerce , the brief said .
Those laws and others all mean to keep tabs on guns that easily pass between state borders , the Justice Department argued .
Rep. Brian King pointed to the legal advice included in the bill that it " is highly likely to be held unconstitutional . "
" This is madness , " the Salt Lake City Democrat said .
" I do n't think this is a close call . "
( Copyright 2010 by The Associated Press .
All Rights Reserved . )
×
Related Links
Related Stories
Britain has flatly denied any foreknowledge of a Mossad plan to assassinate a top official of the Palestinian group Hamas , in Dubai , amidst angry accusations in Whitehall that Israel is seeking to deflect blame from itself by implicating others .
British government sources dismissed as " nonsense " a report claiming the Israeli secret service had given the UK advanced warning of possible complications arising from the illicit use of British passports in an unspecified " overseas operation " – the murder of the Hamas commander ­Mahmoud al - Mabhouh .
Officials complained of misleading briefing , apparently by pro-Israeli sources , reflected in a report in Friday 's Daily Mail , which claimed that the Foreign Office was told , albeit only in general terms , of an impending assassination .
The Mail story was widely reported today , both in Israel and across the Arab world .
" Any suggestion that the government knew anything about the murder before it happened is completely untrue , including the use of UK passports , " insisted a FCO spokesman .
On Thursday David Miliband , the foreign secretary , described the seeming fraudulent use of cloned British passports as " outrageous . "
Miliband is to meet his Israeli counterpart , ­­Avigdor Lieberman , in Brussels on Monday .
No UK action is likely until the completion of an investigation by the Serious Organised Crime Agency .
But if Israeli official involvement were proved Britain would , at the very least , expect a public apology and guarantees that passports would not be stolen again .
A more extreme option could be expelling diplomats from Israel 's London embassy .
Israeli media reports , meanwhile , told of the apparent disappearance of one of the six people with dual British - Israeli nationality whose names were released by the Dubai authorities as suspects in the killing of Mabhouh last month .
The man , James Clarke , a Briton who converted to Judaism , was said by residents of Kibbutz Givat Ha'shlosha , in central Israel , to have gone into hiding .
Clarke originally went to the kibbutz as a volunteer , married an Israeli woman and served in the Israeli army as a bomb disposal expert .
Neighbours told the Maariv newspaper that his family had asked them not to speak to the media .
British embassy staff in Tel Aviv said they had tracked down five of the six and invited them to get new passports in place of the ones the Dubai police publicised .
The names and numbers on the original British passports are the same as those used by the alleged agents .
" This step will reduce the risk that these people might be inadvertently detained , " said an embassy spokesman , Raffi Shamir .
Rival Palestinian factions , meanwhile , continued to trade accusations about involvement in the Dubai killing .
Hamas named two Palestinians under arrest in the emirate as Anwar Sheibar and Ahmad Hassanein , former Gazan members of Fatah 's security forces with links to the senior Fatah official Mohammed Dahlan .
Al - Hayat , the London - based Arabic daily , quoted an unnamed Hamas official as saying that the two had provided logistical aid to the alleged Mossad team .
Dahlan denied knowing the two men or involvement in the affair , saying Hamas was " following mirages ­created by Israel " .
Avi Issacharoff , an Israeli commentator writing in Haaretz newspaper , called Mabhouh " a central cog in the weapons smuggling trail … from Iran to Gaza " , the assassination " a mortal blow to Hamas " .
Interpol said Thursday it had issued " red notices " for the 11 suspects .
Dubai 's police chief has said he believes Israeli agents are responsible for the killing .
The Mossad
President Obama is so much smarter and a better communicator than members of Congress in either party .
The contrast , side by side , is almost ridiculous .
Update : Good example of what I 'm talking about : Lamar Alexander contradicts Obama , says that the Congressional Budget Office found that premiums would rise under the Senate 's plan .
Obama points out , correctly , that Alexander is just wrong .
But most the time , this is like watching Lebron James play basketball with a bunch of kids who got cut from the 7th grade basketball team .
He 's treating them really nice , letting his teammates take shots and allowing the other team to try to score .
Nice try on that layup , Timmy , you almost got it on .
But after a couple minutes I want him to just grab the ball and dunk on these clowns already .
Maybe the bipartisan nice guy stuff matters , and he has to defer to the Congressional Democrats .
I 'd enjoy seeing more of him swatting Lamar 's weak jumper into the tenth row .
Open - source code repository SourceForge.net has begun automatically blocking the internet addresses of users from countries such as Iran , North Korea , Cuba , Sudan , and Syria in an attempt to enforce a policy forbidding them from downloading free software .
The move infuriated many purists of the free and open - source software movement , who argue such code should be available to anyone willing to uphold the covenants of the licensing agreement .
Like Google 's open - source code repository , Source Forge terms of service have long barred people from uploading and downloading code if they reside in countries on the US Office of Foreign Assets Control sanction list .
Starting last week , SourceForge started blocking certain IP addresses to enforce that prohibition .
In a blog post Monday , Source Forge did n't say what prompted the move , but it did claim the change did n't sit well with the organization 's ideals .
" However , in addition to participating in the open source community , we also live in the real world , and are governed by the laws of the country in which we are located , " the post stated .
" Our need to follow those laws supersedes any wishes we might have to make our community as inclusive as possible . "
Critics wasted no time lambasting the restriction .
One person commenting on the SourceForge blog argued the restriction is a violation of Section 5 of the open source definition which states licenses must not discriminate " against any person or group of persons . "
Critics also claimed the restrictions fly in the face of comments made last week by US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urging internet freedom . ®
MOSCOW , Russia —
When Viktoria Chumirina was hit by a car in southern Russia five years ago , she went into immediate shock .
Lying on the asphalt of a pedestrian crossing , her left side bruised and pained , she wondered what had happened .
The car , it seemed , had come out of nowhere .
Her companion would later tell her that the driver had turned a corner and stepped on the gas .
Perhaps he did n’t notice the red light , busy as he was speaking to someone in the backseat .
“ I will never forget what happened to me , ” Chumirina , a language teacher at Moscow State University , said recently .
“ Not that long ago , I was nearly knocked down [ again ] — they saw us and still accelerated .
The last thing I remember is grabbing my friend and running . ”
Russia boasts some of the world ’s most dangerous roads .
Chumirina , in her mid-30s , was one of the lucky ones , surviving with minor injuries , though her left leg hurts to this day .
Many are less fortunate .
Reports of deadly accidents fill news reports daily .
According to official statistics , 30,000 people died on Russia ’s roads last year .
That ’s 82 people a day .
And those are official statistics , little trusted in Russia .
The government has , finally , recognized the problem .
“ We have worked to decrease the number of victims , ” said Viktor Kiryanov , the head of Russia ’s traffic police , noting the official 2004 mortality rate on the country ’s roads stood at 35,000 .
“ We are also decreasing the number of dead .
Already , today , we have decreased it by 13 percent for the first nine months of [ 2009 ] . ”
“ This is a wonderful number that shows government measures are working and have saved thousands of lives , ” Kiryanov said .
Calling a death rate that still numbers in the tens of thousands a “ wonderful number ” is a pretty crass thing , especially given the setting .
Kiryanov was speaking at the first ever global road safety summit , a gathering of over 70 ministers convened by the Make Roads Safe campaign .
Russia had lobbied hard to host the event and , inexplicably , won .
Kiryanov — who appeared in his full general 's uniform alongside World Bank analysts , actress and activist Michelle Yeoh , and former NATO secretary general and campaign chairman Lord Robertson — seemed to interpret Russia ’s hosting of the conference as vindication of its own record in road safety .
Ask any Russian , and that record is abysmal .
A 2007 poll by the Public Opinion Foundation , a Russian pollster , found that just 8 percent of Russians thought the road safety situation in their towns was “ good , ” while 46 percent said it was “ bad ” ( 37 percent said it was “ satisfactory ” ) .
More disturbing is that 6 percent of respondents said drivers never broke traffic rules , 64 percent said they did so often and 18 percent said they did so rarely .
The government has instituted a number of measures in a bid to punish drivers into being more careful .
As of 2009 , a new law fined drivers 500 rubles ( $ 16 ) for failing to wear their seatbelts .
Adherence to the law spread with surprising quickness , although many drivers simply buckle up when a traffic cop is in sight , or lay the strap across their bodies without actually buckling .
It is not uncommon for a cab driver to question a passenger who takes the initiative to buckle , taking the move as an insult to the quality of his driving or the safety provided by his car .
It has also instituted measures to protect pedestrians , often viewed as lower forms of life by drivers in a country where a car is still seen very much as a status symbol .
The fine appears to conform to that , with drivers forced to hand over 300 rubles ( $ 9.80 ) if they are caught failing to stop at a pedestrian crossing .
For many Russians , this is no small change .
And the fines can run much higher for offenses considered more serious :
The law says there is a zero tolerance policy for drunk driving , and official fines run from 20,000 rubles ( $ 655 ) and license confiscation .
The problem is , as ever , corruption .
Russia ’s ubiquitous traffic police are among the least trusted officials in the country ( a 2008 poll by the Public Opinion Foundation found that they were trusted by 23 percent of respondents , and mistrusted by 51 percent ) .
They regularly line the roads in Moscow , and their numbers invariably increase around holidays — it is widely understood that more bribes need to be taken then in order to buy gifts .
Kiryanov said he acknowledged that corruption existed , but the problem was n’t the traffic police .
“ Corruption and bribes on the roads , unfortunately , exist and we are fighting this .
But we also tell those who are subject to it that they do n’t have to give bribes — then these conflict situations would n’t exist , ” he said .
Tell that to someone who has been stopped by the traffic police .
It ’s well known that if you have no cash on you , they will drive you to an ATM so you can swiftly pay the bribe .
What ’s more , top officials and their children , their cars adorned with a flashing blue light that allows them to cast aside traffic rules , are often the very ones involved in car accidents , their crimes never brought to court .
That ’s why one of the top stories in Russia at the end of 2009 was about a massive car crash in Switzerland caused by the son of one of Russia ’s richest men .
While racing a Lamborghini against three of his friends on the road from Geneva to Lausanne , the young man hit another car , gravely injuring its elderly driver .
Many Russians hope that at least in Switzerland justice will be done .
Viktoria Chumirina did n’t press charges after her own accident .
The driver of the car that hit her encouraged her , over and over again , not to .
His profession ?
Police officer .
A team of UK scientists led by Dr. Karen Anderson ( University of Exeter ) has developed a new technique for monitoring the condition of peatlands .
The team used a combination of images captured from Earth and space to measure spatial patterning in peatland surfaces as an indicator of their condition .
This new method uses a novel coupled approach , using satellite images from space and airborne laser scanning data , and has resulted in improved peatland mapping products .
This new method could help monitor the damage that is being done to peatlands through human activity .
Such disruption is contributing to global warming , as peatlands can release the carbon they absorb and store if they are damaged by drainage or peat extraction processes .
This research , which appears in the January - February 2010 issue of Journal of Environmental Quality , reports that airborne laser scanning instruments are capable of measuring fine - scale peatland structures such as hummocks and hollows that typically measure less than four meters in size .
Lowland rainfed peatlands are recognized as being a globally important environmental resource because they absorb and store carbon .
Their unique plant communities and their inherent wetness control their ability to act as carbon stores , but when human disturbance disrupts their surface structure , greenhouse gases are released instead .
Many peatlands across the world are affected by drainage , peat removal and ecological disturbance so scientists have been working to develop a robust spatial method for monitoring peatland condition .
Remote sensing techniques ( where images from satellites in space are analyzed ) provide a likely route for this .
The research team used data from an airborne " LiDAR , " a laser - scanning instrument , alongside data from the IKONOS satellite .
They showed that when LiDAR data were combined with optical images collected from satellites , a powerful method for spatial mapping of peatland quality could be achieved .
The paper shows how use of a structural - based approach improved capabilities for mapping and monitoring peatland condition with an improvement in accuracy from 71.8 % ( without structural estimates ) to 88.0 % when airborne LiDAR data ( which had been spatially preprocessed using a technique called semivariogram analysis ) were used .
This new approach offers an improved , physically based method for automated peatland condition mapping .
As Dr. Anderson , who led the study , noted , " This work is the first to demonstrate that peatland structures , which are linked to hydrological status and condition , can be measured using remote sensing techniques .
Our approach enabled us to draw out the differences in surface pattern across the peatland and resulted in an improved mapping product which is useful for scientists , peatland managers , statutory conservation agencies , and for policy makers . "
Research is ongoing at the University of Exeter to investigate broader application of the method to other peatland sites , including an assessment of spaceborne imaging capabilities for global peatland monitoring .
The ongoing work will also look at other types of peatlands , including upland peats , which show similar spatial patterning .
This work was funded through a UK Natural Environment Research Council research grant to Karen Anderson ( 2008 ) and involved scientists from the University of Exeter , University of Southampton , University of East London , and Natural England .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
President Barack Obama says he will be much tougher with China to make sure it opens its markets to trade with the US .
Mr Obama told Democratic Party senators that he would put " constant pressure " on China and other countries to stick to their side of trade agreements .
But he said he did not intend to take a protectionist stance towards China , warning that " to close ourselves off from that market would be a mistake " .
Tension between the US and China has increased over arms sales to Taiwan .
Relations have also been strained by reports of Chinese cyber attacks on US - run websites and a planned visit to the US by the Dalai Lama .
Earlier , a Chinese foreign ministry spokesman warned Mr Obama that meeting the Tibetan spiritual leader would further erode ties .
" We urge the US to fully grasp the high sensitivity of the Tibetan issues , to prudently and appropriately deal with related matters , and avoid bringing further damage to China - US relations , " Ma Zhaoxu said .
Exchange rates
At a meeting with Senate Democrats , Mr Obama was asked whether the US would cut ties with Beijing over ongoing trade disputes .
The president said he would continue to make sure that China and other countries abided by trade agreements , but warned it would be a mistake for the US to become protectionist .
US - CHINA TENSIONS
Google - China denies being behind an alleged cyber attack on the US search engine Taiwan - a US sale of $ 6.4bn ( £ 4bn ) of defensive arms to Taiwan has angered Beijing Tibet - China says a US meeting with the Dalai Lama would " undermine relations "
Trade - rows over imports and exports of meat , media , car tyres and raw materials Iran - the US fears China will not back tougher sanctions against Tehran over its nuclear programme Climate - the US is disappointed at China 's tough position at the Copenhagen Summit
Relations hit a bad patch The US - China power balance " The approach that we 're taking is to try to get much tougher about the enforcement of existing rules , putting constant pressure on China and other countries to open up their markets in reciprocal ways , " he said .
" But what I do n't want to do is for us as a country or as a party , to shy away from the prospects of international competition .
" Our future is going to be tied up with our ability to sell products all around the world , and China is going to be one of our biggest markets , " he added .
Mr Obama also said foreign exchange rates would be checked to ensure countries were not giving themselves an unfair advantage against the dollar .
" One of the challenges that we 've got to address internationally is currency rates and how they match up to make sure that our goods are not artificially inflated in price and their goods are artificially deflated in price , " he explained .
Zuo Chuanchang , a researcher with the Academy of Macroeconomic Research , a Chinese think - tank , said a row over the Chinese yuan would not lead to a trade war .
" It is very normal to see some disputes between China and the United States , but this does n't mean there will be a bust - up , " he said , quoted by Reuters news agency .
" It 's a political show , and it does really mean too much . "
The BBC's Imtiaz Tyab in Washington says the president did not specifically mention the yuan , but the US has long pushed for Beijing to let its currency appreciate in value .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Cannot play media .
Sorry , this media is not available in your territory .
There are 4.2 million CCTV cameras in Britain watching our every move .
In London , there are more CCTV cameras than any other city in the world with one camera for every eight Londoners .
But as victims of crime have found to their cost , catching criminals on camera is dependent on the equipment being both monitored and maintained .
BBC Inside
Out 's investigation has found that all too often Big Brother either is not watching , had a broken camera , lost the footage or could not be bothered to go through the tapes .
Even within the Metropolitan Police itself , there are differences of opinion about the value of CCTV .
One senior Met officer , Mick Neville , described London 's CCTV network as an " utter fiasco " , claiming it takes 1,000 cameras to solve just one crime per year .
But another senior Met officer disagrees .
Detective Chief Inspector Julian Worker said : " For me , it is the most useful tool amongst the armoury of investigative tools that the Metropolitan Police and other police services throughout the country use .
We are probably market leaders in the way that we utilise CCTV . "
One UK businessman thinks he has come up with a solution by recruiting volunteers to watch live CCTV footage streamed over the web in return for cash prizes .
Businessman Tony Morgan sees his company , Internet Eyes , as the future with an army of volunteer spies monitoring live CCTV footage online and alerting police to any criminal activity they witness .
Their only incentive is a monthly prize of £ 1,000 for the best crime spotter of the month yet more than 10,000 recruits have already signed up .
But civil rights campaigners are not happy with the scheme .
Charles Farrier , from No CCTV , said : " Internet Eyes is a very worrying development - we are already the most watched country in the world .
Now we have a private company asking private individuals to spy on each other . "
Internet Eyes launches in early 2010 and is dependent on both volunteers sticking to their commitment to monitor the cameras and on police following up any leads that the volunteers alert them to .
BBC Inside Out London is on BBC One at 1930 on Monday 7 December and nationwide on BBC iPlayer .
Knowing how to do things yourself is a great way to save money — and it means you 're less reliant on repairmen and buying expensive replacements .
Increase your DIY knowledge for free with these handy resources .
Advertisement
Photo by fotographix.ca .
Increasing your DIY skills is a great way to decrease the amount of money you spend paying other people to build and repair things for you .
You do n't have to commit yourself to a career as a handy man or join a trade organization to pick up lifelong DIY skills .
You can find a diverse and wide pool of learning opportunities in your local community and many of them are available for free or very cheaply .
Browse the following list to find a method that works for your schedule and budget .
Advertisement
Volunteer
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Volunteering is possibly the best way to learn new skills .
Not only are you increasing your own knowledge base but you 're donating your time to the community and helping others .
Habitat for Humanity is a large non-profit organization focused on home construction .
They have chapters all across the United States — and world !— and are always happy to have new volunteers .
Habitat for Humanity is highly organized and you wo n't be doing anything beyond your skill level right away and will have supervision by a more experienced volunteer when learning new skills .
Volunteer with them consistently and you 'll add all sorts of great DIY skills to your arsenal like carpentry , drywall hanging , electrical work , and so on .
If it 's involved in the construction of a basic home you 'll eventually end up doing it .
Advertisement
If you do n't have a local chapter of Habitat for Humanity , do n't worry .
Many churches and community centers across the country have similar programs where local residents , usually elderly or disabled , can submit requests for help with home repairs and maintenance .
Smaller scale than volunteering in the greater community , do n't overlook the chance to volunteer with friends and family .
If your neighbor is rewiring his garage or putting in a new fence , volunteering on a Saturday to help out not only builds a relationship with your neighbor but lets you learn a new skill or practice an existing one .
Advertisement
Seek Out Workshops and Faires
Advertisement
All around you people are sharing DIY knowledge — you just might not be aware of it .
Opportunities vary widely based on the size of your locale but you can almost always find something going on for free .
Hardware and craft stores frequently run free workshops and demonstrations .
Lowe's and Home Depot for example almost always have some sort of basic DIY workshops going on showing you how to use certain paint techniques , install a new light fixture , or such .
While their hope is that after learning how to install a new light fixture you go over the lighting aisle and buy a new one to take home , nothing says you have to do so .
Craft and hobby stores offer similar DIY workshops on everything from arranging silk flowers to detail painting die - cast miniatures .
It 's worth calling around or visiting the websites of local stores to see what is being offered .
Advertisement
Even better than a store - sponsored workshop are group - sponsored spaces for sharing tools and DIY knowledge .
Growing in popularity thanks to publications like Make Magazine that encourage and highlight such community DIY activity , these spaces go by various names like Maker Groups , Hacker Spaces , and such .
They 're tougher to find than heavily advertised workshops at places like Lowe's , but thankfully you can find directories online .
Make Magazine keeps track of groups and group indexes here .
Also sponsored by Make Magazine — if you 've noticed a Make magazine trend here it 's because Make has done an enormous service to the DIYers and tinkerers of the world through the publication of their geektacular magazine and their intense support of the DIY community and ethic — are Maker Faires .
Maker Faires often have little mini workshops and activities but the larger focus of the faire is for showing off awesome DIY creations and networking with other tinkerers .
You can check out upcoming faire dates here .
Photo by Urban Data .
Advertisement
Teach Yourself
Advertisement
The internet has been the best thing that has ever happened to the DIY community .
With a good search engine on your side you can find out how to do nearly anything , find any part , and find people who can offer advice all at once .
A perfect micro-example of this in action are two repairs I made on an aging washing machine several years ago .
While setting the wash cycle the cycle knob snapped off .
Traditionally I would have had to call a repairman who would pay a house visit , bill me for the visit , and bill me for the replacement part .
Using the model number of the washer I was able to search out a parts list for the washer and get the part number for the knob .
One Google search later for the part number and I ordered a replacement for $ 10 with free shipping .
Later that year — same washer !— during the spin cycle it sounded like a jet was taking off in my laundry room .
I researched the problem online and used an exploded parts diagram to take the shell off the washer and assess the problem .
Thanks to a post on a repair / DIY forum I took the metal wash tub out of the plastic wash tub sleeve to make sure the noise was n't being caused by anything actually caught in between the two .
The noise was in fact caused by two finishing nails that I had n't taken out of the pocket of a pair of jeans before throwing them in the wash and not , thankfully , by the motor of the machine dying .
I do n't even want to think about the price of the billable hours and actual repair for outsourcing that job to an actual repairman .
My total expense for both repairs , besides less than 2 hours of my time , was only $ 10 .
Advertisement
With that in mind there is almost nothing you can't look up online and get some solid answers and even diagrams for .
Whether you want to know how to safely wire a light switch , flush your sprinkler system for winter , stop your garage door from squeaking , or anything else that someone before you wanted to know how to do , you can find it online .
Starting a search query with " how to ... " opens up a world of learning .
Photo by kodomut .
Sign Up for Classes
Advertisement
The only entry on our list of suggestions that costs money , signing up for classes is sometimes your best option .
Depending on what you want to learn how to do , disbursing the startup cost to a classroom or learning center is sometimes desirable to purchasing all your own equipment .
Let 's say you want to learn how to weld .
You 'll need a welder , accessories , access to lots of scrap metal to practice with , and so on .
You could try to find a friend with a welder and some metal you could practice with but in terms of the speed with which you 'll acquire the skill , instructor competence , safety , and an adequate supply of materials to practice with , it may end up being a better value to take a class at a local community college or vocational school or even metal working art class through a community center .
Hit up Google and search for community centers , community colleges , and continuing education courses in your area to see what the offerings are .
Photo by tm_lv .
Advertisement
If you have a technique or suggestion for learning new DIY skills for free or on the cheap , let 's hear about it in the comments .
By Michelle Roberts
Health reporter , BBC News
'e - cigarettes ' look real , but are battery - powered and typically made of stainless steel
There is a worrying lack of safety data on electronic cigarettes , despite their growing popularity with the public , two leading Greek researchers have warned .
In the British Medical Journal , they say that without more evidence it is impossible to know if such products actually do more harm than good .
Some studies have raised safety fears , but retailers argue e-cigarettes are a healthy alternative to the real thing .
Users can inhale nicotine without tar , tobacco or carbon monoxide .
The Department of Health suggested consumers " exercise caution " .
The Department of Health is not aware of any evidence about the long - term safety of e-cigarettes and , as such , would suggest that consumers exercise caution
Government spokeswoman
The report authors said consumers should stop using the devices until ongoing safety studies reported back within the next year .
The World Health Organisation is among those to raise concerns about the safety of these new types of cigarette substitute , which deliver a nicotine hit in a fine vapour .
And in the past year , US regulators have detained and blocked numerous shipments of e-cigarettes at borders because the devices are not approved .
In the UK , it is illegal to sell e-cigarettes as a " quit smoking " aid , although this is something that is being reviewed .
They are widely available to buy as a " cigarette alternative " over the internet and are sold in a number of places , including some bars and clubs .
Andreas Flouris and Dimitris Oikonomou , from the Institute of Human Performance and Rehabilitation in Greece , say there have been three main reports on e-cigarette safety - one by US regulators , one by a publicly - funded Greek research institute , and another by a private company in New Zealand .
Scant data
The US Food and Drug Administration report expressed concern after finding different brands of the battery operated device delivered markedly different amounts of nicotine vapour with each puff .
The FDA also detected traces of powerful cancer - causing chemicals .
The Greek institute Demokritos took a neutral stance on the products and did not find any evidence of chemical contamination .
Private enterprise Health New Zealand did find cancer - causing chemicals in products , but concluded that overall e-cigarettes should be recommended on the basis of the health risks associated with smoking normal cigarettes .
The researchers told the BMJ : " The scarce evidence indicates the existence of various toxic and carcinogenic compounds in e-cigarettes , albeit in possibly much smaller concentrations than in traditional cigarettes . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Callum Reckless , director at Smart Smoker , a company that sells e-cigarettes , said : " I believe that electronic cigarettes are indeed a safer alternative to smoking real cigarettes . "
He welcomed more research into the safety of the products .
A Department of Health spokeswoman said it had been working with regulators to test the products and that none of those tested so far complied with product safety regulations .
She said the government was working to ensure e-cigarettes were labelled and sold appropriately .
" The Department of Health is not aware of any evidence about the long - term safety of e-cigarettes and , as such , would suggest that consumers exercise caution .
" E- cigarettes are not promoted by , or available on , the NHS , " she said .
Deborah Arnott , of the charity Action on Smoking and Health , said : " We do need better data on safety and appropriate regulation for e-cigarettes , although these products are certain to be significantly less hazardous than cigarettes , which lead to premature death in half all long - term users . "
She said there was demand for the products from smokers - UK estimates suggest around one in ten has already tried them .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A NIGHT of drunken skylarking has left a Ukrainian tourist with a hangover he will always remember - and taxpayers with a huge bill .
After a night on the drink , the 19 - year - old man scaled down a cliff at Sydney 's northern beaches suburb of Manly but got stuck half way and passed out , The Daily Telegraph reports .
After being alerted by a fisherman , rescue workers found him asleep on his back on a ledge 30 m above sea level at North Head early yesterday morning .
The rescue operation will cost taxpayers at least $ 10,000 .
But the man will only be charged the cost of the road trip to hospital - likely to be as little as $ 700 .
Garth Thomson , who repeatedly shook the man 's leg to wake him up so he could be winched to safety , said he had not seen anything like it in his 15 - year ambulance career .
Abstract
This position paper describes the need for , make - up of , and " rules of the game " for a benchmark suite of Haskell programs .
( It does not include results from running the suite . )
Those of us working on the Glasgow Haskell compiler hope this suite will encourage sound , quantitative assessment of lazy functional programming systems .
This version of this paper reflects the state of play at the initial pre-release of the suite .
1 Towards lazy functional benchmarking 1.1 History of benchmarking --- functional
The quantitative measurement of systems for lazy functional programming is a near - scandalous subject .
Dancing behind a thin veil of disclaimers , researchers in the field can still be found quoting " nfibs / sec " ( or something equally egregious ) , as if this refers to anything remotely interesting .
The April , 1989 , Computer Journal special issue on lazy functional programming is a not - too - dated self - portrait of the community that promotes computing in this way .
It is one that non-specialists ...
By finishing well above Palin and Pawlenty , Romney clearly remains well - positioned among the conservative activists who attend conferences such as CPAC .
Having already sought his party ’s presidential nomination once , and retaining many of the supporters he had in 2008 , Romney enters the early going of the 2012 race as something close to a front - runner .
But the results of the straw poll , though imprecise , indicate that conservatives are not entirely happy with the field of likely candidates mentioned two years before the first balloting .
Fifty - three percent of those who participated in the contest said they wished the GOP had a better field of candidates .
Forty - six percent said they were satisfied with those now seen as possible presidential candidates .
While Palin ’s decision not to attend the conference may have been a factor in her single - digit showing , her modest finish underscores the degree to which she is not seen as a serious presidential contender by the most attuned activists in her party .
Even though he and his aides sought to downplay the poll , Pawlenty ’s finish represents a disappointment for the 2012 Republican contender who has worked the most aggressively in the past year to make a name in party circles .
Besides Romney , Pawlenty is the only potential candidate with the makings of a campaign infrastructure .
But given Paul ’s win and the minimal effort made to contest the straw poll by the mainstream candidates — unlike in years past , there was no campaigning by them to rally support — the results do n’t offer the window into the organizational strength of hopefuls offered by past polls .
Forty - eight percent of those who participated in the contest indicated that they were students , and the divergent reaction to the results reflected the outcome .
When Paul was announced as the winner , his many college - age supporters erupted in the corridors outside the ballroom , yelling , jumping and chanting their candidate ’s name .
“ We came here a long way to support Ron Paul and the Campaign for Liberty , ” said Jeremy Henchcliffe , a student at Central Connecticut State University .
Other conservatives , though , voiced their frustration at Paul ’s showing .
“ I understand their passion , but he’s not the leader of the conservative movement , ” said California Republican Phil Jennerjahn , who is mounting an uphill congressional run in the 33rd District .
A central prediction of Albert Einstein 's general theory of relativity is that gravity makes clocks tick more slowly — time passes slower when you 're close to a massive body like the Earth , compared to when you 're further away from it where its gravitational pull is weaker .
This prediction has already been confirmed in experiments using airplanes and rockets , but a new experiment in an atom interferometer measures the slowdown 10,000 times more accurately than before — and finds it to be exactly what Einstein predicted .
The result shows once again how well Einstein 's theory describes the real world , said Holger Müller , an assistant professor of physics at the University of California , Berkeley .
" This experiment demonstrates that gravity changes the flow of time , a concept fundamental to the theory of general relativity . "
The phenomenon is often called the gravitational redshift because the oscillations of light waves slow down and move into the red part of the spectrum when tugged by gravity .
A report describing the experiment appears in the February 18 issue of the journal Nature .
Müller tested Einsteins theory by taking advantage of a tenet of quantum mechanics : that energy — and therefore matter — exhibits both particle - like and wave - like characteristics .
The cesium atoms used in the experiment can be represented by matter waves that oscillate 3 × 1025 times per second — that is , about 30 million billion billion times per second .
When the cesium atom matter wave enters the experiment , it encounters a carefully tuned flash of laser light .
The laws of quantum mechanics step in , and each cesium atom enters two alternate realities .
In one , the laser has pushed the atom up one - tenth of a millimeter , giving it a tiny lift away from the Earth , to a realm where Earth 's gravitational field is slightly weaker .
In the other , the atom remains unmoved inside Earth 's gravitational well , where time flies by less quickly .
Just as an optical interferometer uses interfering light waves to measure time or distance to within a fraction of a wavelength , an atom interferometer uses interfering matter waves .
Because matter waves oscillate at a much higher frequency than light waves , they can be used to measure correspondingly smaller times and distances .
Müller and his colleagues used the interference between the cesium matter waves in the alternate realities to measure the resulting difference between their oscillations , and thus the redshift .
The equations of general relativity predicted precisely the measured slowing of time , to an accuracy of about one part in 100 million ( 7 × 10 - 9 ) .
This is 10,000 times more accurate than the measurements made 30 years ago using two hydrogen maser clocks , one on Earth and the other launched via rocket to a height of 10,000 kilometers .
According to Einstein 's theory of general relativity gravity curves spacetime .
Image courtesy NASA .
" Two of the most important theories in all of physics are quantum mechanics and the general theory of relativity , " noted Müller 's collaborator , Steven Chu , a former UC Berkeley professor of physics and former director of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory ( LBNL ) .
Chu was one of the originators of the atom interferometer , which is based on his Nobel Prize - winning development of cold laser traps .
" The paper that we are publishing in Nature uses two fundamental aspects of the quantum description of matter to perform one of the most precise tests of the general theory of relativity . "
Müller noted that the experiment demonstrates very clearly " Einstein 's profound insight , that gravity is a manifestation of curved space and time , which is among the greatest discoveries of humankind . "
Far from being merely theoretical , the results have implications for Earth 's global positioning satellite system ( GPS ) , for precision timekeeping , and for gravitational wave detectors .
" If we used our best clocks , with 17 - digit precision , in global positioning satellites , we could determine position to the millimeter , " said Nüller .
" But lifting a clock by 1 meter creates a change in the 16th digit .
So , as we use better and better clocks , we need to know the influence of gravity [ to a greater precision ] . "
Müller is building ever more precise atom interferometers to measure the gravitational redshift .
Eventually , he hopes to build an experiment capable of observing another prediction of Einstein 's theory : gravitational waves .
These tiny fluctuations in gravity , generated by interactions between massive stars or black holes , are thought to propagate through spacetime , but have as yet only been observed indirectly .
To filter out noise from Earth 's gravity and other perturbations , like a passing truck , such an experiment would have to involve at least two atom interferometers separated by a large distance .
An ideal spot for the experiment would be the Deep Underground Science and Engineering Laboratory at the former Homestake mine in South Dakota .
Further reading
This site contains the thoughts and bloggings of a Canadian who was elected to Parliament , twice , who decided he would represent constituents first and political masters second , and paid the price for such heresy .
How a maverick MP blogged his way out of the Conservative caucus .
Book Review by John Baglow
Sheeple : Caucus Confidential in Stephen Harper ’s Ottawa Garth Turner , Key Porter 224 pages , softcover ISBN 9781554701797
I like the quixotic former Conservative member of Parliament Garth Turner , his quirky adherence to principle and his exuberant maverickism .
I used to check out his blog fairly regularly , and I looked forward to reading his exposé of the Conservative caucus — the “ sheeple ” of the title of his new book .
But I will admit that I expected more of Sheeple : Caucus Confidential in Stephen Harper ’s Ottawa than it delivered .
Turner does not entirely disappoint .
Digital democracy versus the iron heel is a great theme : the mildly eccentric man of principle , a journalist with a taste for blogging , versus the tightly wound , intensely ideological and media - hating Stephen Harper .
The book is not well constructed , however : there is far too much cutting forward and backward in time , in a contrived and at times confusing attempt to build suspense and maintain narrative tension .
But the story line is actually rather simple .
Turner , elected in 2006 with lukewarm support from his own party , made the big boys furious when he came to Ottawa , and within the year he was given the heave .
Harper and his advisors , we learn , control the Conservative caucus to the last detail and squelch dissent .
Most have already drawn that conclusion , I think , but to hear it from an insider certainly reinforces it .
The other strand of narrative is the notion of blogging as a kind of direct and open democracy — a new way of doing politics .
For me , that is where the interest of the book really lies , although Turner raises more questions than he answers .
It must be said that there is something self - serving and disingenuous about the air of puzzled innocence that Turner affects as he recounts his political tale of woe .
He is no neophyte .
He was a Progressive Conservative MP under Brian Mulroney , ran for the PC leadership and was even minister of national revenue for a short spell under the ill - fated Kim Campbell .
Given his experience , he would have been well aware that his enfant terrible antics would worry and anger his colleagues .
Yet he feigns surprise that they caused quite predictable consequences .
And his principles , which appear entirely genuine , fetched up against the shoals of a realpolitik with which we must assume he was intimately familiar .
His story , in any case , very nearly tells itself .
To Turner ’s considerable credit , he chose to stick to those principles .
In opposition , his party had belittled and insulted Belinda Stronach for crossing the floor to the Liberals and taking up a Cabinet post .
But immediately after the 2006 election , David Emerson , who had just been elected as a Liberal , did precisely the same , joining the Conservative Cabinet on February 6 — even before the new Parliament had sat .
Turner was outraged , but the Conservative top guns , in effect , gave him pitying smiles .
Snaffling the capable Emerson was a coup , and that was that .
Then Turner told the media what he thought about it .
And that initiated a downhill slide that would end a mere ten months later with his ouster from caucus .
So badly had he offended the powers that be , in fact , that he was forbidden to run as a Conservative ever again .
As Turner tells it , an “ MP ’s job has evolved into representing a party to the people , not the people to Parliament . ”
Conservative MPs were expected to be docile , meekly accepting talking points from the Prime Minister ’s Office and obediently parroting them .
Caucus debate was unwelcome : people were shouted down when they attempted it .
Guy Lauzon , now chair of the Conservative caucus , told him : “ We have no room for an independent thinker on our team . ”
And : “ We had an election , and we have a platform , and that ’s what we think . ”
‘ To Turner ’s considerable credit , he chose to stick to those principles . ’
From the point of view of any political party in power , Turner would come across as dangerously unpredictable , a classic loose cannon .
That was not the way Turner thought , though — which might not have mattered so much had he not had an increasingly popular blog , to which he contributed a thousand independent words a day .
On it he insulted fellow caucus members , suggesting that they were being bought off with posts and perks .
He called some of them “ hats - and - horses colleagues . ”
Worse , he publicly questioned and even opposed the government ’s electoral platform and policy , yet he pretends to be shocked by the consternation that this inevitably caused .
Things quickly began to escalate .
An attempt was made to steal his nomination for the next election , with the help of the sinuous televangelist Charles McVety .
It failed , which Turner attributes to his blog .
Finally , charged with breaking caucus confidentiality , he was expelled .
From the point of view of any political party in power , no matter what the issues or the ideologies , Turner would come across as dangerously unpredictable , a classic loose cannon .
He may or may not have broken caucus confidentiality — he sort of admits that he did on one occasion , but says he removed the offending words in his blog as soon as he was asked to [!] — but he certainly had a lot of powerful people on edge .
An odd mixture of narcissism , self - righteousness and boyishness pervades his account .
He calls himself “ an unusual renaissance man . ”
When he refers to himself as a “ digital Trojan horse , ” it is impossible to tell whether he is being ironic or simply boasting ; it may be a bit of both .
“ My crime was information , ” he says , “ but my potential for mayhem was much worse .
The virus of empowerment might spread . ”
But what does he mean by “ empowerment , ” and who , exactly , is empowered ?
Turner revelled in the internet ’s sheer anarchy : he was “ obsessed , hooked , addicted , high on the narcotic of [ digital ] populism . ”
He goes on : “ Leaders and parties fear the potential of the internet for the massive destabilization it could bring . ”
The digital world is like “ an out - of - control town hall meeting . ”
Blogging is “ as insanely dangerous as it is gloriously democratic . ”
All great fun , of course , but government is serious business .
How is control restored ?
How is a new stability maintained ?
How does anything get done in the future that he imagines ?
In fact , there is far less to blogging than meets his overly enthusiastic eye , and the only federal politician destabilized by it so far has been Turner himself .
The blog - reading demographic is hardly representative of the real - world electorate , which refused to return him to Ottawa as a Liberal in 2008 .
According to a Harris poll last year , most adults do not read political blogs .
Those who do tend to be in their mid forties or older , and only a few of them leave comments .
Not that the new communications technology should be underestimated .
In early April , in the tiny Eastern European republic of Moldova , thousands of demonstrators stormed the country ’s parliament to protest a communist electoral victory , forcing a recount .
“ Six people , ” explained organizer Natalia Morar .
“ Ten minutes for creativity and action .
A few hours of information on networks , Facebook , blogs , SMS [ texting ] to friends , and an e-mail newsletter .
All of the organization through the Internet .
On the street came out 15,000 young people ! ”
But Turner exaggerates the importance of blogging to the point that he claims it is better than going door to door and actually meeting people face to face — which is what won him his election in the first place .
Blogging is less intrusive , he says , but blogs are also bloodless , remote and easily ignored .
And blog readers , as noted , are not the general public but an unrepresentative slice of it .
Blogging also creates the illusion of “ public dialogue . ”
When a controversial public figure posts , lots of comments are guaranteed in response .
But Turner ’s out - of - control town hall meeting — in his case , between 1.5 million and 2 million visitors a month — is hardly a conversation .
To many people , I suspect , the political blogosphere resembles an auditorium full of lunatics talking to themselves and shouting at each other , as they pass hurriedly by .
A new way of doing politics ?
A new tool , certainly , with much potential .
But , as Turner unwittingly demonstrates , we should not let ourselves get carried away .
The inability to deflect even a simulated cyber attack or mitigate its effects shown in the exercise that took place some six days ago at Washington ’s Mandarin Oriental Hotel does n’t bode well for the US .
Mike McConnell , the former Director of National Intelligence , said to the US Senate Commerce , Science , and Transportation Committee yesterday that if the US got involved in a cyber war at this moment , they would surely lose .
“ We ’re the most vulnerable .
We ’re the most connected .
We have the most to lose , ” he stated .
Three years ago , McConnell referred to cybersecurity as the “ ” soft underbelly of this country ” and it ’s clear that he thinks things have n’t changed much since then .
And he is n’t that optimistic about what warnings about the possibility might achieve .
According to InfoWorld , he thinks that only an attack with catastrophic consequences will spur the government into action .
“ We will not mitigate this risk , ” he says .
“ We will talk about it , we will wave our hands , we ’ll have a bill , but we will not mitigate this risk . ”
James Lewis , director of the Technology and Public Policy Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , thinks that cyber security is not something that has to be left in the hands of private companies and that government intervention should be called for .
“ Government needs to give the market a kick , ” says McConnell .
Not so long ago , the introduction of two Senate bills that would allow the US president to shut down the Internet in case of a cyber emergency made corporations all over the country sweat .
But , it ’s plain to see that government affiliated experts would welcome it with open arms and are longing to see the government taking a more active role when it comes to cybersecurity .
At the beginning of last year , President Barack Obama promised to cut the budget deficit in half by 2013 .
So far , though , the president 's record on lowering the deficit has been dismal .
And according to the most recent review from the Congressional Budget Office , which keeps track of this sort of thing , last month 's deficit numbers show a budget deficit that 's continuing to balloon .
Typically , we see a budget surplus for the month of December , because revenues are generally higher due to corporate income tax payments , year - end bonuses , and seasonal employment .
But , as in 2008 , this year we did not see a surplus ; instead , we saw a $ 92 billion deficit — which , adjusted for variations in payment timing between 2008 and 2009 , is $ 11 billion higher than last year's .
The CBO , which admits a high degree of uncertainty in its findings but is arguably still the best source we have for guesses about the budgetary outlook ( and is most accurate when looking at what 's already occured ) , has been calling our country 's current fiscal path " unsustainable " since at least June .
Half a year later , though , it appears that deficit 's still expanding like Violet Beauregarde when she gets to the blueberry pie section of Willy Wonka 's chewing gum .
Coming in 2020 - 2021
Saturday , October 3 , students and our TACIT community will assemble to explore opportunities for them to get involved with new projects to keep connected to others in this most strange time .
Throughout the year , we 'll be doing play readings of works chosen from MACH 33 submissions .
The New Galileos by Amy Berryman will be this season 's main stage production .
Look for it in February 2021 .
We 'll be doing a musical theater workshop based on Jules Verne 's From the Earth to the Moon , by Grant and Cole Remmen ( who brought us the Star Trek parody Boldly Go ! ) in Winter 2021 .
... and more , including final presentations each term of Storytelling for Scientists .
Stay tuned !
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - Germany on Wednesday rejected Greek accusations that Berlin had failed to properly compensate Greece for Nazi occupation in World War Two , saying it had provided billions of euros worth of aid .
In a radio interview , Greek Deputy Prime Minister Theodoros Pangalos criticized Germany ’s attitude toward the Greek debt crisis and said Athens had never received adequate compensation for the impact of Nazi Germany ’s invasion of Greece in 1941 .
“ They took away the Greek gold that was at the Bank of Greece , they took away the Greek money and they never gave it back .
This is an issue that has to be faced sometime in the future , ” he told the BBC World Service radio .
“ I do n’t say they have to give back the money necessarily but they have at least to say ‘ thanks ’ , ” he added .
The German foreign ministry dismissed the remarks and said bringing up the past would not help Greece solve its problems .
“ I must reject these accusations , ” ministry spokesman Andreas Peschke said .
Germany had paid compensation to Greece of some 115 million deutschemarks by 1960 and made further payments to forced laborers of the Nazi regime , he said .
“ Finally , I ’d like to mention that parallel to this , since 1960 Germany has paid around 33 billion deutschemarks in aid to Greece both bilaterally and in the context of the EU , ” he said .
Germans got roughly one euro for two deutschemarks when the single European currency was adopted in notes and coins in 2002 .
“ A discussion about the past is not helpful at all to solve the problems ... facing us in Europe today , ” Peschke said .
Greece is under mounting pressure from markets and EU policymakers to slash its large debt and deficit .
It must prove to Brussels by mid-March that it can meet its ambitious targets to cut the budget shortfall by 4 percent of gross domestic product this year to 8.7 percent .
Greek politicians have been outraged by coverage of the debt crisis in German media , like a front - page picture in magazine Focus of a “ Venus de Milo ” - type statue making an obscene finger gesture with the headline “ Swindlers in the euro zone . ”
Pangalos also said Italy had done more than Greece to mask the state of its finances to secure euro zone entry .
The European Union has asked Greece to explain reports that it engaged in derivatives trades with U.S. investment banks that may have allowed it to mask the size of its debt and deficit from EU authorities ahead of its entry into the euro zone .
“ You simply put some amounts of money in the next year ... it is what everybody did and Greece did it to a lesser extent than Italy for example , ” Pangalos said .
I ’m having great fun watching the Microsoft PDC 2009 session videos , and blogging the highlights for future reference .
In case you want to jump into the video , I ’ve included some time - checks in brackets ( 0:00 ) .
Read the rest of the series here .
Note that there is currently a problem with the encoding of the video linked to below which means you ca n’t seek to an arbitrary offset .
Hopefully that will be fixed soon .
In a 45 minute lunch - time talk , Don Box ( once he ’d finished munching his lunch ) and Jeff Pinkston gave an overview of the “ M ” language ( quotes , or air - quotes if you ’re talking , are apparently very important to the PDC presenters invoking the name “ M ” , because it is only a code - name , and the lawyers get angsty if people are n’t reminded of that ) .
“ M ” is a language for data ( 1:26 ) .
Since last year , Microsoft have combined the three components MGraph , MGrammar and MSchema into this one language “ M ” that can be used for data interchange , data parsing and data schema definition .
It will be released under the Open Specification Promise ( OSP ) which effectively means that anybody can implement it freely .
As Don said , “ M lives at the intersection of text avenue and data street ” ( 2:56 ) .
This means that not only is M a language for working with data , but M itself can be represented in text or in the database .
At PDC last year , Microsoft demonstrated “ M ” being used as an abstraction layer above T - SQL , and also as a language for defining Grammar specifications .
This year , they are introducing “ M ” as a way of writing Entity Framework data models ( 4:00 ) .
Getting into the detail , Don started by describing how M can be used to write parsers : functions that turn text into structured data ( 5:02 ) .
You use M to define your language in terms of Token rules and Syntax rules ( 6:02 ) : Token rules describe a patterns that sequences of characters should match , and Syntaxes are sequences of tokens .
Apparently there are a few innovations in the “ M ” language : it uses a GLR parser and it can have embedded token sets to allow , for example , XML and JSON to be used in the same language ( 6:40 ) [ sorry I ca n’t make it clearer than that - Don rushed through this part ] .
Then came a demo ( 8:15 ) in which Don and Jeff showed how a language can be interactively defined in Intellipad , with Intellipad even doing real - time syntax checking on any sample input text you provide it with .
Notice from the screenshot how you can define pattern variables in your syntaxes ( and also in tokens ) and then use these in expressions to structure the output of your language : in syntax
Tweet for example , the token matching HashTag is assigned to variable h , and then the output of the syntax ( the part following the = > ) is output under the name “ Hash ” .
Integration with Visual studio has also been improved to make it easy to load a language , use it to parse some input , and then work with the structured output in your code .
Next Don talked a bit about typing in “ M ” ( 22:10 ) . “ M ” uses structural typing .
Think of this as being a bit like duck typing : if two types have members with the same name and same types then they are equivalent .
M has a number of intrinsic types ( logical , number , text , etc. ) and a number of “ data compositors ” – ways of combining types together – like collections , sequences and records .
Don followed this up with a demo of “ Quadrant ” ( there go the air - quotes again ) ( 25:36 ) , showing how this can be used to deploy schemas defined in “ M ” to the database .
“ M ” is tightly integrated into “ Quadrant : you can type in “ M ” expressions and it will execute them directly against your database , showing the results in pretty tables ( 34:50 ) .
Don finished off by talking about how M can be used for defining EDM models ( 34:19 ) : many people prefer describing models in text rather than in a designer , especially since performance in the EDM designer suffers with large models .
LIMA - Police in Peru infiltrated and cracked a gang that was kidnapping locals , killing them and draining their fat for use in the beauty industry .
The gang has reportedly been active for 30 years in the remote areas of the Andes .
Three suspects confessed to killing five people , but the gang may have been involved in dozens more , said Col. Jorge Mejia , chief of Peru 's anti-kidnapping police .
He said one suspect claimed the gang was n't the only one doing such killings .
Mejia said two of the suspects were arrested carrying bottles of liquid human fat and told police it was worth $ 15,000 ( U.S. ) a litre .
The fat was sold to intermediaries in Peru 's capital , Lima , and police suspect it was then sold to cosmetic companies in Europe , Mejia said Thursday , but he could not confirm any sales .
The fat was reportedly to be used as an ingredient in anti-wrinkle cream .
Experts were quick to cast doubt on the scientific merit of the macabre scheme .
" In theory , yes , any lipid ( fat ) can be used in the production of cosmetics , but the quality would be , shall we say , variable .
This is , of course , putting aside the ghoulish nature of this story , and the legal concerns , which preclude it happening , " said Chis Flower , director general of the Cosmetic Toiletry and Perfumery Association in England .
A dermatology professor at Yale University , Dr. Lisa Donofrio , speculated that a small market may exist for " human fat extracts " to keep skin supple , but she said that scientifically such treatments are " pure baloney . "
At a news conference , Peruvian police showed reporters two bottles of fat recovered from the suspects and a photo of the rotting head of a 27 - year - old male victim .
Suspect Elmer Segundo Castillejos , 29 , led police to the head , recovered in a coca - growing valley last month , Mejia said .
Mejia said Castillejos recounted how the gang cut off its victims ' heads , arms and legs , removed the organs , then suspended the torsos from hooks above candles that warmed the flesh as fat dripped into tubs below .
Six members of the gang remain at large , Mejia said .
Among them was the band 's alleged leader , Hilario Cudena , 56 , who Castillejos told police has been killing people to extract human fat for more than three decades .
This year alone , at least 60 people are listed as missing in Huanuco province , where the gang allegedly operated , though the province is also home to drug - trafficking leftist rebels .
Mejia said police received a tip four months ago that human fat from the jungle was being sold in Lima .
In August , he said , police infiltrated the band and later obtained some of the amber fluid , which a police lab confirmed as human fat .
On Nov. 3 , police arrested Serapio Marcos Veramendi and Enedina Estela in a Lima bus station with a litre of human fat in a soda bottle .
Their testimony led to the arrest of Castillejos three days later at the same bus station .
The three are charged with homicide , criminal conspiracy , illegal firearms possession and drug trafficking , according to a statement from Lima Superior Court .
Police said they were searching for the alleged buyer .
Police dubbed the gang the " Pishtacos " after a Peruvian myth dating to pre-Columbian times of men who killed to extract human fat , quartering their victims with machetes .
Medical authorities contacted by The Associated Press said human fat is used in anti-wrinkle treatments – but is always extracted from the patient who is being treated , usually from the stomach or buttocks .
" There would be a risk of immunological reaction that could lead to life - threatening consequences " if fat from someone else were used , said Dr. Neil Sadick , a professor of dermatology at Cornell Weill Medical College in New York .
" This is indeed a very disturbing story , " Andrea Hopp , chair of the Ontario chapter of the Society of Cosmetic Chemists , said in an email .
She also wrote that she 'd never heard of any scientific study of " human derived raw materials " in Canadian cosmetics .
Dr. Adam Katz , a professor of plastic surgery at the University of Virginia medical school , was incredulous when told about the Peruvian ring .
" I can't see why there would be a black market for fat , " he said .
" It does n't make any sense at all , because in most countries we can get fat so readily and in such amounts from people who are willing and ready to donate that I do n't see why there would ever be a black market for fat , of all tissues .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
MORE STORIES
Simplest bare metal program for ARM
Bare metal programs run without an operating system beneath ; coding on bare metal is useful to deeply understand how a hardware architecture works and what happens in the lowest levels of an operating system .
I wanted to create a simple example of bare metal program for ARM using free open source tools : RealView Development Suite is the state of the art of ARM compilers , but it is expensive for hobbyists ; Codesourcery is a company that provides a free version of the GNU gcc toolchain for ARM cores .
In particular , the EABI toolchain must be downloaded from their download page ; I fetched the IA32 GNU / Linux installer .
During the graphical installation , the tools are installed in a sub - folder of the user ’s home ; this is fine if only a single person wants to use the toolchain on that computer , otherwise it is more efficient to install it system - wide .
The path to the toolchain binaries must be added to the PATH environmental variable ; usually the installation process does it for you , but if it does n’t , the standard installation path is “ ~/CodeSourcery / Sourcery_G++_Lite/bin “ .
I created a C file called test .c containing the simplest C code I wanted to compile :
int c_entry ( ) { return 0 ; }
The classic printf ( “ Hello world !
” ) ; example is more complex because when coding bare metal the standard input / output must be defined : it could be a physical serial port for example .
I called it c_entry instead of main because in this example some things that are usually assumed true when the program reaches the main code are not implemented : for example , variable initialized globally in C code could not be really initialized .
To compile this code into an object file ( test.o ) run the following command , very similar to compiling code with gcc :
$ arm - none - eabi-gcc - c - mcpu=arm926ej -s -g test .c -o test .o
The - mcpu flag indicates the processor for which the code is compiled .
I wanted to target the ARM926EJ - S processor in this example for these reasons :
It ’s a widespread core in common products
I worked on a project that used this core
The QEMU emulator supports this core in the form of a VersatilePB
In order to create a bare metal program we must understand what does the processor do when it is switched on .
The ARM9 architecture begins to execute code at a determined address , that could be 0 ( usually allocated to RAM ) or 0xFFFF0000 ( usually allocated to Read Only Memory ) .
We must put some special code at that particular address : the interrupt vector table .
It is a series of 32 - bit instructions that are executed when something special happens : for example when the ARM core is reset , or when the memory contains an unknown instruction that does n’t belong to the ARM instruction set , or when a peripheral generates an interrupt ( the serial port received a byte ) .
The instructions in the interrupt vector table usually make the processor jump to the code that handles the event .
The jump can be done with a branch instruction ( B in ARM assembly ) when the destination address is near .
I created an assembly file called startup .s containing the following code :
.section INTERRUPT_VECTOR , " x " .global _Reset _Reset : B Reset_Handler /* Reset */ B . /* Undefined */ B . /* SWI */ B . /* Prefetch Abort */ B . /* Data Abort */ B . /* reserved */ B . /* IRQ */ B .
/* FIQ */ Reset_Handler : LDR sp , =stack_top BL c_entry B .
A brief explanation :
Line 1 generates a section named INTERRUPT_VECTOR containing executable ( “ x ” ) code .
containing executable ( “ x ” ) code .
Line 2 exports the name _ Reset to the linker in order to set the program entry point .
to the linker in order to set the program entry point .
Line 3 to 11 is the interrupt vector table that contains a series of branches .
The notation “ B . ” means that the code branches on itself and stays there forever like an endless for ( ; ; ) ;
” means that the code branches on itself and stays there forever like an endless Line 14 initializes the stack pointer , that is necessary when calling C functions .
The top of the stack ( stack_top ) will be defined during linking .
) will be defined during linking .
Line 15 calls the c_entry function , and saves the return address in the link register ( lr ) .
To compile this code into an object file ( startup .o ) run the following command :
$ arm - none - eabi - as - mcpu=arm926ej -s -g startup .s -o startup .o
Now we have test .o and startup.o , that must be linked together to become a program .
The linking process also defines the address where the program is going to be executed and declares the placement of its sections .
To give this information to the linker , a linker script is used .
I wrote this linker script , called test.ld , following a simple example in the linker manual :
ENTRY ( _Reset ) SECTIONS { . = 0x0 ; . text : { startup .o ( INTERRUPT_VECTOR ) *(. text ) } .data : { *( .data ) } .bss : { *(.bss COMMON ) } . = ALIGN ( 8 ) ; . = . + 0x1000 ; /* 4 kB of stack memory */ stack_top = . ; }
The script tells the linker to place the INTERRUPT_VECTOR section at address 0 , and then subsequently place the code ( . text ) , initialized data ( .data ) and zero- initialized and uninitialized data ( .bss ) .
Line 11 and 12 tells the linker to move 4 k Byte from the end of the useful sections and then place the stack_top symbol there .
Since the stack grows downwards the stack pointer should not exceed its own zone , otherwise it will corrupt lower sections .
The script on line 1 tells the linker also that the entry point is at _ Reset .
To link the program , execute the following command :
$ arm - none - eabi-ld - T test.ld test . o startup .o -o test.elf
This will generate an ELF binary for ARM that can be executed with a simulator , or it can be loaded inside a real ARM core on a hardware board ; for simplicity we can use the Codesourcery version of the gdb debugger :
$ arm - none - eabi- gdb test.elf [...]
This GDB was configured as " -- host=i686-pc-linux - gnu --target=arm-none-eabi " .
[...] ( gdb ) target sim Connected to the simulator .
( gdb ) load Loading section . text , size 0x50 vma 0x0 Start address 0x0 Transfer rate : 640 bits in < 1 sec. ( gdb ) break c_entry Breakpoint 1 at 0x3 c : file test.c , line 24 . ( gdb ) run Starting program : /home / francesco/src/arm-none-eabi/startup/test.elf
Breakpoint 1 , c_entry ( ) at test.c:24 24 return 0 ; ( gdb ) set $ pc=0 ( gdb ) stepi Reset_Handler ( ) at startup .s:34 34 LDR sp , =stack_top
The target sim command tells the debugger to use its internal ARM simulator ,
command tells the debugger to use its internal ARM simulator , the load command fills the simulator memory with the binary code ,
command fills the simulator memory with the binary code , the debugger places a breakpoint at the beginning of the c_entry function ,
function , the program is executed and stops at the breakpoint ,
the program counter ( pc register ) of the ARM core is set to 0 to emulate a software reset ,
register ) of the ARM core is set to 0 to emulate a software reset , the execution flow can be examined step - by - step in the debugger .
An easier way to debug is using the ddd graphical front - end with the following command :
$ ddd -- debugger arm - none - eabi-gdb test.elf
This program is a starting point to begin to develop more elaborate solutions .
The next step I want to take is using QEMU as the development target : with it I can interact with some peripherals , even if emulated , and create bare metal embedded programs more useful in the “ real world ” using only free open source software .
For a deeper look into bare metal programming for ARM see also :
45.447224 8.599690
Team Russia latest news : Fedorov misses practice , Kovalchuk out of Malkin ’s line , Nabokov to start against Czechs ( Photo © Shaun Best , Reuters )
Here is the latest news from the Russian team at the Olympic Games 2010 in Vancouver .
Evgeny Nabokov will start in the game against the Czech Republic
Igor Zakharkin , Russian coach to Pavel Lysenkov of SovSport : “ We think that with Nabokov in the net our players feel more confident . ”
Sergei Fedorov missed a practice
Zakharkin : “ Fedorov has an individual program .
But he ’s alright , there is no injury . ”
New lines in the game against the Czech Republic
Zakharkin : “ Maybe we are going to swap the center forwards .
We think that Kovalchuk ’s efficiency should be higher .
We remember what chemistry Malkin and Kovalchuk had at the World Championship 2008 , but two years have passed and they are different players now , their styles changed too .
There is a bit of imbalance on the Kovalchuk - Malkin - Afinogenov line .
We hope to fix it . ”
Only first three shootout players were known beforehand in the game against the Slovaks
Zakharkin : “ We knew who would have first three shootout attempts , but when it went on …
Bykov has a good intuition , but this time it did n’t work .
We hoped that the game would n’t get to the shootout .
Now we are going to make a list of players beforehand . ”
New power play lines
According to Mikhail Zislis of Sport - Express , the new power play lines look like this :
1. Alexander Ovechkin – Pavel Datsyuk – Evgeni Malkin , Kovalchuk – Gonchar
2. Alexander Semin – Viktor Kozlov – Alexander Radulov , Andrei Markov – Ilya Nikulin .
Ovechkin and Radulov were positioned in front of the goalie , screening him .
Update : Team Russia ’s coaches swap Malkin with Datsyuk
According to sports.ru , the new top two lines look like this :
1. Alexander Ovechkin – Evgeni Malkin – Alexander Semin , Sergei Gonchar – Fedor Tyutin .
2. Ilya Kovalchuk – Pavel Datsyuk – Maxim Afinogenov , Konstantin Korneev – Denis Grebeshkov .
The other two lines remain the same :
3. Alexei Morozov – Sergei Zinoviev – Danis Zaripov , Ilya Nikulin – Andrei Markov .
4. Viktor Kozlov – Sergei Fedorov – Alexander Radulov , Dmitriy Kalinin – Anton Volchenkov .
Translation by RussianHockeyFans.com
Adult Swim News ( otherwise known as the online videos of Chinese tabloid Apple Daily ) recaps the entirety of the Kevin Smith / Southwest Airlines conflict , from the seating , to the ousting , to the tweeting , to the podcasting , to the… the angry mob marching through the streets ?
As always , there ’s no translation from the Chinese , so hit the jump for your daily , physician - recommended , dose of surreality .
Have a tip we should know ?
tips@themarysue.com
This morning on The Today Show , Toyota president Jim Lentz lied twice to Matt Lauer about Toyota 's 2.3 - million - vehicle accelerator pedal recall .
Advertisement
In the one - on - one exclusive interview with Matt Lauer , Toyota 's Jim Lentz faced questions about the massive recall while simultaneously attempting to reassure customers .
Advertisement
But , as you can see in the video below , Lauer initially asks Lentz when the company knew about issues with " unwanted acceleration . "
The response ?
Let 's charitably call it misleading :
LAUER : When did your company know , when did you personally know and other officials at your company know you had a serious problem with unwanted acceleration or slow response from acceleration ?
LENTZ : In the case of the slow response , this most recent one , the first technical report that we had that we could duplicate the issue was in late October of last year .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Yeah , that 's just wrong .
According to the Defect Information Report filed with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) on January 21 , 2010 ( it can be seen in the gallery below ) , Toyota received complaints about this issue as far back as March 2007 and were able to duplicate a pedal " slow to return to the idle position " as far back as June 2008 , which caused them to change the material they used to make the equipment .
However , for some reason , Toyota did n't see this as a safety issue but just a " drivability issue . "
Where the big lie occurs is in Lentz 's response to Lauer about this very issue .
Lauer referenced the Tundra problem above and asked whether or not the original 2007 problem was related to sticking pedals :
LAUER : So in the letter you wrote , or your company wrote , to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration saying that they knew as of 2007 that there were some issues with Tundra trucks , was that the entrapment issue or was that unwanted acceleration because of a sticking pedal .
LENTZ : That was not sticking pedals , the initial concerns were over entrapment and we concentrated on mats and now we have reshaped the pedals on those vehicles to reduce the risk of that happening .
Advertisement
Uh , yeah .
Then what the hell is this :
Toyota Defect Information Report ; January 21 , 2010
Starting in March 2007 , Toyota received field technical information regarding reports of accelerator pedals demonstrating symptoms such as rough operation or being slow to return to the idle position .
These reports were limited to one model ( Tundra ) , and the accelerator pedal assemblies in those vehicles contained a friction lever made of the PA46 material .
Toyota 's investigation found that the PA46 material was susceptible to humidity , which could cause the friction lever to absorb moisture and swell .
Environmental testing was conducted in order to understand the full impact of the swelling of the friction lever due to humidity .
In February 2008 , the material of the friction arm was changed to PPS while investigations continued .
In June 2008 , Toyota concluded that while accelerator pedal feeling could change under certain conditions , Toyota considered it to be a drivability issue unrelated to safety .
Advertisement
While the Tundra is also included in the floor mat recall , Toyota 's own records indicate there was concern about the accelerator pedal in 2008 as well and to say otherwise is either an admission that he , too , is confused by what 's really at fault here or he 's attempting to mince words to make it appear this is a sudden issue for them and not something they 've been investigating since 2007 .
Click to view
Oops , Sorry !
Our apologies if you have reached this page while clicking on a link to an article via other sites , search engines or even from within our website .
As our website is fully maintained by volunteers and funded by subscriptions , advertisements and goodwill from our readers , we have limited access to articles that are 3 months and older for members only .
Do consider signing up for our VMS membership if you wish to support us so that we can continue to carry the Voice of Singaporeans for Singapore .
Membership Signup
Thank you for considering our VMS membership .
While you do not need to signup as a member to enjoy most of the goodies in TR Emeritus ( TRE ) , membership comes with additional privileges .
For example , Unique Display Name , Website Link in Display Name , Rate Articles , Unlimited Access ( depending on membership level ) to Archived Articles , etc .
The membership fees collected will go towards the continued operation of TRE .
However , if you do not wish to signup for our VMS membership , please consider making a once - off token donation .
Membership Pricing ( SG $ )
Currently we are offering a 20 % life - time discount on recurring membership .
The regular pricing for our membership is pegged at SG $ 10.00 per month , i.e. a year of membership would cost SG$ 120.00 .
You may choose from once - off membership or have your membership subscription auto - renewed by selecting the appropriate signup link below .
Life - time membership ( once - off payment , never expire ) is also available as an additional option .
All transactions are processed independently and securely by PayPal .
TRE do not have access to your debit / credit card information .
Membership Levels
With the exception of Life - time members ( unlimited full access ) , all other members have access to 5 years of archived articles , while non-members are restricted to only 3 months .
1. Recurring Membership
Monthly : SG $ 8.00/10.00 ( 20 % off )
Quarterly : SG $ 24.00/30.00 ( 20 % off )
Yearly : SG $ 96.00/120.00 ( 20 % off )
* Auto -renewing subscription can be cancelled at any time in the Members Only panel .
Accounts with cancelled subscription will be automatically deleted upon end - of - term ( EOT ) .
** Please ensure that you have sufficient funds in your PayPal account to renew your subscription .
As our membership system is fully - automated , failed subscription payment will result in auto- termination of your VMS membership upon EOT .
2. Non-Recurring Membership ( once- off )
1 Month : SG $ 10.00 ( no discount )
3 Months : SG $ 30.00 ( no discount )
6 Months : SG $ 60.00 ( no- discount )
12 Months : SG $ 120.00 ( no discount )
* Non-recurring membership are cancelled end - of - term ( EOT ) and can not be renewed .
3. Lifetime Membership
Lifetime : SG $ 999.00 ( never expire )
Information Required During Signup
When you signup for our VMS membership , you will be required to submit your email address , username , first and last name to activate your membership .
Please note that the email address you use must be a working email ( to receive system - generated password ) and the first and last name submitted will be used to create an initial “ Display Name ” for your account .
The “ Display Name ” will be the only information visible to the public .
Please refrain from using “ username ” that exceeds 12 characters or containing spaces .
“ username ” is best kept unique and easy to remember .
With the exception of your login username ( which cannot be changed ) , all other information may be changed under the Members Only panel .
.
* All login information are automatically generated upon completion of payment ( via PayPal only ) .
If you experience any difficulties during the signup process , please contact us immediately via our online webform .
** All paid membership fees will be refunded on a pro-rata basis should TRE is unable to continue for any reason whatsoever .
.
What was Mike Garrett thinking ?
This question , of course , is based on the large and dangerous assumption that he was actually thinking .
On the contrary , in handing his heavyweight USC football team to lightweight Lane Kiffin on Tuesday , Garrett has seemingly lost his mind .
The USC athletic director ’s few remaining defenders have always deflected criticism toward Garrett by claiming he is a true Trojan .
This is who a true Trojan hires ?
A program that defines itself by victories over UCLA just signed a guy who was out coached by UCLA ’s Rick Neuheisel just four months ago , Kiffin ’s Tennessee team losing to the Bruins in Knoxville .
I have n’t yet talked to Neuheisel , but I can guess his two - word reaction to this move .
“ Thank you . ”
This is who a true Trojan hires ?
A program that defines itself in consistency of leadership just acquired a guy who walks out of a Tennessee program after only one season .
If he ’s not staying in football ’s best conference for one of its best contracts -- more than $ 2 million a year -- then how much chance does USC have of keeping him long ?
Volunteers students and fans were so angry at Kiffin ’s sudden betrayal , they marched on his goodbye news conference Tuesday night and showered him with obscenities .
Once they calm down and remember that he led them to only a 7 - 6 record with nearly as many minor NCAA infractions as big plays , I ’m sure those Tennessee folks will also have a two - word reaction .
“ Thank y’all . ”
This is who a true Trojan hires ?
A program that covets an NFL pedigree just added a guy who was 5 - 15 with the Oakland Raiders in his only NFL head - coaching experience .
How bad was that experience ?
Al Davis ended it by calling him a “ flat - out ” liar .
Yeah , that bad .
This is who a true Trojan hires ?
A program that thrives on the big play just hitched its future to a guy who was holding the controls during this team ’s worst play in many years .
It was the Rose Bowl after the 2005 season , the Trojans needed one first down to clinch the win and national title against Texas , it was fourth and two , remember ?
USC called a running play with LenDale White plowing straight ahead while Heisman Trophy winner Reggie Bush incredibly watched from the sidelines .
White was stopped , Texas took the ball and eventually a game , the dynasty ’s downfall began .
The offensive coordinator for that play ?
Your new USC head coach , Lane Kiffin .
What was Mike Garrett thinking ?
Other than , why not hire a 34 - year - old former Trojans errand boy who wo n’t challenge my power or ego ?
I mentioned about 86 names of potential candidates in my Tuesday column , but I purposely did not mention Kiffin even though I covered him and liked him during his six seasons here on Pete Carroll ’s staff .
He was n’t big enough .
His star was n’t bright enough .
Maybe one day , but not this day , not now , and especially not after his recent past .
When protected by Carroll ’s buoyant presence , Kiffin was a smart young assistant .
But after he set out on his own , he seemingly devolved into a spoiled kid .
He could n’t command the Raiders ’ respect .
He struggled to bring the Volunteers credibility .
He led the Southeastern Conference in smack talk , even accusing Florida ’s Urban Meyer of cheating , but while his team nearly beat Alabama , it could n’t match his hype , on or off the field .
On Kiffin ’s watch , one of his star freshman recruits pleaded guilty to attempted robbery .
On Kiffin ’s watch , the NCAA began an investigation into the role of Tennessee hostesses in luring players .
“ I was able to watch him closely when he was an assistant with us and what I saw was a bright , creative young coach who I thought would make an excellent head coach here , ” Garrett said in a statement issued upon the hire .
You liked him when he was at USC , cool .
But have you followed his career since then ?
Do n’t answer that .
In giving Kiffin much - needed support , the Trojans are also bringing in Kiffin ’s legendary father , defensive guru Monte Kiffin , while bringing back former Trojans assistant Ed Orgeron and possibly even stealing Norm Chow back from UCLA .
But even this is weird .
Chow left the Trojans after the 2004 season partly because Carroll was giving some of his responsibilities to the kid Kiffin .
They can work together after that ?
Orgeron is the real deal , a main cog in the rebuilding of the Trojans culture .
But his tough - guy ways worked best in contrast to Carroll ’s nurturing ways .
Will he resonate as much when backed by a head coach who has not yet been around long enough to nurture ?
The Trojans needed to replace Carroll quickly , but did they need to move so quickly that they compromised their future ?
Word is , they were turned down by Mike Riley , Jack Del Rio and Jeff Fisher .
Could n’t Garrett have n’t taken a few more days and made a few more calls ?
Much as he did with Carroll , Garrett is risking his USC career on this hire .
But this is different .
The program now commands national respect with the expectations that demand a national presence .
At first glance , Lane Kiffin has neither .
bill.plaschke@latimes.com
twitter.com /billplaschke
By Emma Wilkinson
Health reporter , BBC News
Obesity is linked with several conditions , such as heart disease
There has been a " dramatic rise " in deaths in England in which obesity was a contributory factor , figures suggest .
Analysis of death certificates by a University of Oxford team found a year - on - year increase in obesity - related deaths between 2000 and 2006 .
In addition recent ministerial figures show 757 obesity related deaths in 2009 , compared with 358 in 2000 .
It comes as the Scottish government warned of a " ticking time bomb " , saying 40 % of Scots could be obese by 2030 .
The analysis of death certificate trends published in the European Journal of Public Health showed an average annual rise obesity mentions on death certificates of 8 % for men and 4 % for women .
But there were likely to be many more such deaths where obesity was not recorded , the researchers said .
One public health expert said people often did not realise obesity was linked with many serious conditions .
This shows doctors are increasingly recognising obesity as a cause of death
Professor Michael Goldacre , University of Oxford
The researchers said as obesity was rarely listed as the main cause of death , a simple snapshot of death certificates would not have picked up the rise .
The marked increase was apparent when they included contributing causes of death in the analysis .
Other figures recently released by ministers showed more than 190 people under 65 died as a direct result of obesity in 2009 compared with 88 in 2000 .
When contributing factors were included , there were 757 obesity related deaths in 2009 compared with 358 in 2000 .
Recognition About a quarter of adults in the UK are now obese .
Obesity and problems caused by being overweight are thought to cost the NHS more than £ 3bn a year .
The Scottish government said 40 % of Scots could be classed as obese by 2030 , if things do not change .
Scotland 's Public Health Minister Shona Robison is due to launch an anti-obesity strategy later .
Study leader Professor Michael Goldacre said although the death certificate figures tallied with rises in levels of obesity in the population over the same period , they did not know before the study whether doctors would be recording obesity on death certificates .
" We know for example obesity contributes to heart disease but if someone dies of heart disease you do n't necessarily expect doctors to note if they were obese .
" But this shows doctors are increasingly recognising obesity as a cause of death . "
He added : " One of the key messages is you can't rely on underlying causes alone - if you do n't look at other causes you cannot see what is contributing to disease . "
Professor Alan Maryon - Davis , president of the Faculty of Public Health , said people in the " early stages " of obesity did not often realise how dangerous being overweight could be and their weight commonly " creeps up " without them noticing .
" People do not realise how closely linked it is with serious conditions , such as heart disease , stroke , high blood pressure and diabetes .
" We have to take obesity seriously . "
The British Medical Association called for urgent action to address soaring obesity rates .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Chinese space agency could land its first astronauts on the moon within a decade in a move that would mark the beginning of a new age of lunar exploration , experts said today .
The decision by the Obama administration to scrap Nasa 's plans to return to the moon leave China well placed to become the second nation to land humans on the lunar surface .
" The moon is an obvious target for China and they could be there in 2020 , " said Ken Pounds , professor of space science at Leicester University .
The US president 's budget proposal , unveiled on Monday , lacked the funds to sustain Nasa 's $ 81 bn Constellation programme , the spaceships and rockets designed to put humans back on the moon by 2020 .
But the decision to scrap Nasa 's plans for a permanent return has left the door open for other countries .
China has lifted astronauts into orbit and sent its first robotic missions to the moon .
India found water on the surface with its first lunar mission last year , and plans to launch astronauts into Earth orbit in 2016 .
Japan , too , has sent a satellite to the moon , returning extraordinary HDTV video of the surface .
With the US space agency out of the running , the leading contender for a return to the moon is China .
In 2004 , government officials announced an unmanned lunar exploration programme that would put satellites in lunar orbit , touch down on the surface and finally bring home up to two kilograms of rock samples before 2020 .
The second probe in the programme is expected to launch in October this year .
It will scan the surface of the moon from an altitude of 60 miles and look for suitable landing sites for future missions .
The Chinese human spaceflight programme has progressed at speed on $ 2bn a year , roughly one tenth of the budget Nasa receives .
After only four unmanned test flights , the first Chinese astronaut flew in Earth orbit in 2003 .
Five years later , China became only the third country to complete a spacewalk , paving the way for work on a space station .
Since then the Chinese space programme has grown to include plans to launch three space stations between 2011 and 2015 and , if funding permits , to send a crewed mission to the moon , perhaps as early as 2022 .
Development of the first Chinese lunar rover is under way and it is scheduled to launch on a three - month mission to the lunar equator in 2013 .
Experts are waiting to see how the Chinese space agency reacts to Obama 's plans for Nasa .
" China might rub their hands and think this is their chance to head for the moon , or they might see that the pressure is off and not rush things , " said Pounds .
The former chief administrator at Nasa , Michael Griffin , has already criticised Obama 's plans as an admission that Nasa will not be a significant player in human space flight for the foreseeable future .
Giving testimony to the Senate in 2007 , he said it was likely that " China will be able to put people on the moon before we will be able to get back " .
He added : " I admire what they have done , but I am concerned that it will leave the United States in its wake . "
Pounds said : " The Americans are the only ones who can say ' we 've been there , done that , ' but the point is they are not there now .
" The moon is very visible and any proposition by another country to set up a permanent presence there would be unacceptable to the Americans . "
A crewed mission to the moon in the 21st century will be a different beast from the Apollo programme .
The blurred images would be replaced by colour HDTV footage .
The communications would be clear and frequent .
From a permanent base , astronauts would truly explore the moon instead of only scratching the surface .
The venture could be commercial and scientific in ways that were not possible 40 years ago .
" The pictures from Apollo would n't compare with what we might get from Chinese rovers on the surface , " said Pounds .
" The Obama administration has made the decision as if they are the only ones doing human spaceflight .
If they were , it might make sense to go on to an asteroid or one of the moons of Jupiter , but they 're not .
The moon is going to be a target for other countries and having a presence there is going to be a political issue . "
Space races
• China was the third country to launch its own manned space missions in 2003 and is now talking of a space station by 2020 .
Beijing is also in early stages of planning a lunar mission .
• India began satellite missions to the moon in 2008 and plans to send its own astronauts into space by 2016 .
Rakesh Sharma became the first Indian in orbit in 1984 on a Soviet mission .
• Russia will taxi US astronauts to the international space station when the space ­shuttle programme ends .
It plans a mission to Mars , but going to the moon seems a lower priority .
• The European Space Agency concentrates on partnership in the international space station and at present has an eight strong astronauts corps .
It has recently – but before Obama 's announcement – talked about grabbing a seat on someone else 's moon mission .
• Brazil is behind in the space race but is hoping to relaunch an unmannned programme that has been on hold since a launchpad disaster killed 21 people in 2003 .
It also plans a new generation of satellites to monitor agriculture , territory , deforestation and mineral rescources .
“ When we learned the news about Isabelle ’s pregnancy , I definitely had my doubts about the Olympics , ” he said .
“ We asked ourselves and the doctors if it was really possible .
It took some time to think , but after we made the decision to go for it , we did n’t let ourselves doubt .
We worked and always tried to make it happen .
I think that ’s how we succeeded . ”
Though Delobel continued to train and skate deep into her pregnancy , even suffering the occasional fall in practice , she left the ice in late July , giving birth on Oct. 1 to a son , Loïs , and then returning to practice in late October at their longtime training base in Lyon , France .
She began three - a- day sessions and intense physical training in November .
“ You better believe it was tough , ” said Delobel , who had gained close to 20 pounds during pregnancy .
“ It was really a physical challenge , but I ’m proud to have managed it . ”
A four - month timetable for returning to elite competition after childbirth is far more compressed than usual but not without precedent .
Laura Flessel , a French fencing star , won a silver at the world championship four months after giving birth .
The tennis player Lindsay Davenport returned to the tour just under three months after giving birth to her first child .
But there has been no one quite like Delobel in figure skating , the closest perhaps being the Canadian pairs skater Kristy Sargeant , who returned to competition within a year .
“ In the Canadian military , there have been some studies done , and it is three to four months to reach prepregnancy physical levels with an uncomplicated pregnancy in a fit person , ” said Julia Alleyne , the chief medical adviser for Skate Canada , who has written extensively on exercise and pregnancy .
“ Certainly anything under 12 weeks just does n’t work . ”
It helps that ice dancers , unlike singles and pairs skaters , do not perform jumps .
But it is certainly an athletic endeavor .
Alleyne said joint stability was affected by hormones that increased with pregnancy and breast - feeding .
Delobel maintained fitness throughout her pregnancy and had a complication - free delivery , but she continued to breast - feed until December , longer than some of her sports advisers recommended .
But after skipping the European championships last month to continue practicing in Lyon , Delobel and Schoenfelder are back on the ice in Vancouver for their first competition in 14 months .
WASHINGTON —
The spending power of families is being squeezed , government data showed Friday , highlighting doubts about consumers ’ ability to drive the economic rebound .
Workers saw their inflation - adjusted weekly wages fall 1.6 percent last year — the sharpest drop since 1990 — even as consumer prices rose only modestly .
Slack pay and scarce job growth , along with tight credit and a rising savings rate , are holding back spending .
That ’s hindering the recovery .
For some families , the overall inflation rate last year — 2.7 percent — understates their burden .
Many are struggling with surging costs for health care and college tuition , both of which have been galloping far above the overall inflation rate .
Energy led consumer prices higher last year , offsetting the biggest drop in food costs in nearly a half century , the Labor Department said Friday .
Core inflation , which excludes the volatile food and energy sectors , rose 1.8 percent .
That ’s the second - smallest rise in four decades .
But to middle - class people such as Angie and Larry Kimbrel of Birmingham , Ala. , inflation feels anything but moderate .
With three sons , the Kimbrels say they ’re just scraping by .
Angie Kimbrel , who works for an insurance underwriter , has gone without raises and bonuses and faces higher health insurance premiums .
Work is slow for her husband , a painter , because of the sagging construction and housing markets .
“ I have n’t seen anything getting cheaper , ” said Angie Kimbrel , 43 .
She ’s facing rising costs for health insurance and gas , in particular .
Economists expect core inflation to remain tame in 2010 , giving the Federal Reserve leeway to keep interest rates at record lows to try to invigorate the economy .
Inflation and wages remain low because employers ca n’t or wo n’t raise pay in an economy that has shed 7.2 million jobs since the recession began two years ago .
The unemployment rate is 10 percent , and the number of jobless has hit 15.3 million , more than double the number when the recession started .
The 1.6 percent drop in average weekly earnings for nonsupervisory workers was the worst yearly performance since a 2.5 percent fall in 1990 .
Inflation - adjusted pay has sunk in five of the past seven years , underscoring the pressures households felt even before the recession .
The Consumer Price Index rose 2.7 percent from December 2008 to December 2009 .
Energy prices for those 12 months shot up 18.2 percent .
That was the biggest jump since 1979 .
Russia Today
Saturday , February 20 , 2010
Alex Jones is a familiar face here on RT , he hosts his own radio show in Austin , Texas and recently made a film called “ Fall of the Republic , the Presidency of Barack Obama ” .
The film criticizes Obama ’s administration , but when he went to sell it on google ’s shopping site , he was told he could n’t .
Jones says that google wants to dominate the market and is being discriminatory .
This article was posted : Saturday , February 20 , 2010 at 3:17 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
It ’s considered bad form to induce fear of the topic before a discourse .
But what the heck , let ’s just relax , visualize a cool sunny morning with birds chirping and flowers dancing in the breeze and move on .
JavaScript ( JS ) is not an easy first programming language to learn .
There are many reasons why this is so .
Take for instance the name “ JavaScript ” .
The impression is that it ’s like Java but perhaps a bit lighter .
In the course of our discussion we ’ll see why nothing could be further than the truth .
Even if you do n’t know Java or programming for that matter , you ’d be misled .
If first impression are thus , what hope if any is left ?
Another reason could be attributed to the schizophrenic environments ( Eg : the web - browser ) where JavaScript is usually imprisoned .
Couple that with some blunders made by the designers of the language and you get what appears to be a soul sucking supernatural parasite .
But all of the above are only significant problems ( perhaps the only problems ) if you ’ve made the wrong start – if you ’re building upon misunderstandings , wrong notions and blind unguided explorations , the vast coldness of internet and the fiery depths of hell awaits you .
:p
Again , terrifying imagery and panic inducing facts .
But remember , it ’s all in our head .
The sun is still there , the birds are still chirping and we ’re moving along quite fine .
JS works in .
The browser : All modern browsers .
The server : Many projects under the umbrella term Server Side JS ( SSJS ) .
As scripting languages for many applications .
Adobe Photoshop , AfterEffects , The Java Virtual Machine et al .
What is this about ?
Its about the octopus .
( Refer the main image ) .
Although setting up your snazzy new website may be your prime concern and the ultimate goal of our meeting , we will sadly not be concentrating on such pragmatic issues for the want of making you self sufficient .
For that want of giving you the safety boots and goggles required to pioneer this hazardous landscape of the octopus .
Thus this is also not about the famous close friends of JS : CSS and HTML .
It is also hence not really about web development per se .
What you would n’t hurt to know
A vague Idea of what programming is about would help .
So would your general ability to find your way around these technological contraptions that are the bane of our times .
What you need .
If you ’re on Windows , you will require the Mozilla Firefox Browser and the Firebug plugin .
Remember that beyond the function as a host for JS , we are n’t concerned with the Browser .
On GNU / Linux , you could either go with Firefox and Firebug or install the standalone JS interpreter spidermonkey .
On Ubuntu
sudo aptitude install spidermonkey - bin && js
will install and run the interpreter .
The setup .
Once Firebug is installed and Firefox restarted , click the bug icon on the lower right of the window .
Click the console tab on the window that pops up , click the red up arrow icon above the firebug icon to get a larger console .
Enter console.log ( " Hello wonderful world ! " ) ; and click Run .
Note that “ console ” is a firebug object .
It is not native JavaScript .
We hope to steer clear away from such non native stuff in the spirit of our discourse but we need the console object to print things under firebug .
You could also use alert ( " Hello world ! " ) and in the case of our friends - all good people - who decided to use the standalone spidermonkey interpreter print ( " Hello kind world ! " ) ;
Summary .
That ’s all the foreplay folks .
We get into the thick of things in the next post .
Until then , consider these .
To excel in JS , start learning it in isolation .
JS is ubiquitous .
It ’s everywhere and it ’s set to take over your world .
Wrong starts are almost invariably fatal .
Above everything , JS is extremely pleasurable and rewarding if approached correctly .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Tags : Beginner , firebug , Getting started , JavaScript , Programming , REPL , spidermonkey
Wal - Mart Stores , the nation ’s largest retailer , is cutting about 11,200 jobs at its Sam ’s Club warehouses , the company told its employees in a memo on Sunday .
The chain is eliminating about 1,200 membership recruiting jobs , or two jobs in each of the more than 600 Sam ’s Club stores .
Wal - Mart is also laying off 10,000 workers who demonstrate products in its Sam ’s Club stores .
Those demonstrations , like food sampling , will be outsourced to Shopper Events , a marketing company based in Arkansas that already handles some demonstrations at Wal - Mart stores .
David Tovar , a spokesman for Wal - Mart , said the layoffs were not a cost - cutting measure in response to a bad economy .
He said that the 10,000 Sam ’s Club employees who demonstrate products could apply for jobs with Shopper Events , which plans to hire roughly the same number of workers being laid off .
Still , Sam’s Club has faced stiff competition from Costco and other warehouse club stores , which have thrived as frugal consumers seek out the best deals on necessities like food and other everyday essentials .
Separately this month , Wal - Mart said it would close 10 underperforming Sam ’s Club stores and lay off around 1,500 workers .
If I had any doubts that the e-book wars are officially on , my first day at CES dispelled them thoroughly .
Note that I said " e- book wars , " and not " e- reader wars . "
That 's because there 's a tidal wave of E - Ink - based e-readers that are about to hit the US , so that by the second half of this year ( at the latest ) E - Ink screens will be a dime a dozen .
And on top of the E - Ink screens will be the tablets , and on top of those will be LCD / E - Ink tablet combos in various configurations .
But as thick as the market will be with e-book hardware , the readers are n't the only crowded part of the market .
Everyone also wants to control a distribution platform .
And then there are the publishers , who are scrambling to adapt to the new medium .
In short , right now , the emerging e-book market is in a full - blown melee — a free - for - all where everyone along the chain from content producer to reader is trying to be the first to figure it all out .
Over the next few days , we 'll talk about how the battle lines are shaping up in the following areas : displays , chips , storefronts , and publishers .
Many of the combatants are involved in more than one of these areas — Qualcomm is in displays and chips ; newcomer Copia is pushing hardware and a storefront ; Sprint , Hearst , Skiff , and LG are all allied across displays , storefronts , and publishers under the Skiff banner ; and so on .
The Sprint / Hearst Skiff and the Plastic Logic QUE
Most of the e-readers coming out in the next few months are based on E - Ink , but that does n't mean that the displays will be identical .
Reading devices will compete with each other on size , thickness , resolution , contrast , and price .
The screens will also compete to offer color as quickly as possible .
Of the readers that I saw , the Skiff has the edge on size so far with an 11.5 " diagonal screen .
Plastic Logic comes in a close second , but , to be 100 percent honest I could n't actually tell that there was much of a difference in sizes ( I saw them one after the other ) ; the Skiff executive I talked to told me that the Skiff 's screen was a bit bigger .
Regardless , both are easily large enough to view a full 8.5 x 11 inch page without doing any scaling , and both have solid industrial design .
The Sprint / Hearst Skiff
As far as contrast goes , Plastic Logic 's screen definitely looks better than my Kindle DX — the latter has a grayish cast , while the former presents a much cleaner black - on - white look .
I can't judge between the Skiff and the Plastic Logic screens on contrast , though , because I did n't see them in similar lighting conditions .
The Plastic Logic QUE
Both the Skiff and the Plastic Logic QUE were incredibly thin — about quarter of an inch or less .
This thinness is made possible in part by the fact that both have flexible display substrates —
Skiff 's uses a foil substrate developed by LG , while Plastic Logic 's uses a plastic substrate developed in - house .
Both of these make for flexible displays , but of the two only the Skiff itself is physically flexible ( you can actually bend the device a bit and it does n't hurt it ) .
On the resolution front , the Skiff wins at 174dpi to Plastic Logic 's slightly lower 150d pi .
I could n't visually tell a difference , but again , lighting conditions were drastically different .
Color E - Ink is in the offing , and I saw a prototype of it at the Skiff presentation .
At this point , the technology looks promising but it needs a lot of work .
Color saturation was pretty poor , and right now I 'd prefer the black - and - white to it .
There are supposedly better color E - Ink prototypes than the one I saw , and if I can catch a glimpse of a superior iteration of the tech then I 'll post an update .
A new study finds that religion may have evolved as a by - product of non-religious , cognitive processes , dispelling a competing theory that religion served as an adaptation to help unrelated individuals cooperate .
The findings , published Monday in the journal Trends in Cognitive Sciences , suggests that people ’s gut instinct for what is right and wrong operates independently of religious upbringing .
Harvard psychology professor Marc D. Hauser , who co-authored the study , argues that from an evolutionary perspective , cognitive mechanisms involved in moral decision - making precede organized religion .
“ Morality is far more ancient than religion , ” Hauser said .
“ Most , if not all , of the psychological ingredients that enter into religion originally evolved to solve more general problems of social interaction . ”
Hauser claimed the findings help explain recent studies indicating that people ’s moral intuitions vary little across different religions .
To illustrate the universality of certain moral intuitions , Hauser presented two hypothetical options for saving a group of seven people in a closed room — pressing a button to divert poisonous gas from the room or pushing a person into a ventilation shaft to stop the gas from reaching the room .
“ Far fewer people would say [ the latter ] is permissible , regardless of religious background , ” Hauser said .
In cases of moral judgment that fall outside the norm — martyrdom , for instance — Hauser and co-author Ilkka Pyysiäinen of the Helsinki Collegium for Advanced Studies propose that religion , much like legal institutions , exerts its own pressure on people ’s moral judgments after it emerged from natural cognitive processes .
Though Hauser said he anticipates negative reaction to his apparent down - playing of religion ’s significance , the study ’s purpose was not to cheapen religion .
“ To those who find meaning in religious experience , I have nothing either positive or negative to say , ” he said .
Advertisement
Hauser and Pyysiäinen add that their findings are not meant to explain religion , but to deny the claim that “ all aspects of religion emerged at once at some point in history . ”
( Natural News ) A Colorado hospital technician has admitted to stealing syringes from the facilities where she worked and replacing them with needles that she had previously used , thus exposing patients to hepatitis C. Hepatitis C is a contagious disease of the liver that can lead to scarring or even failure of the organ .
Kristen Diane Parker , the technician , said she probably contracted the disease in 2008 while using heroin and sharing needles in New Jersey .
From October 2008 to April 2009 , Parker was a surgical technician at Rose Medical Center in Denver .
She has admitted that she stole syringes filled with the opioid painkiller fentanyl and replacing them with used syringes filled with saline solution .
She then injected herself with the fentanyl secretly in the hospital bathroom .
Nine patients who underwent surgery at the hospital while Parker worked there have tested positive for hepatitis C , and investigators are performing genetic tests to determine if they were infected by Parker .
The hospital has contacted another 4,700 patients who underwent surgery at that time to warn them that they might have been infected , even though the odds are slim .
"
We are taking a very conservative and cautious approach by contacting everyone who had surgery during this broad time period , " the hospital said .
" It is likely that most of the patients who receive letters will not have been exposed to hepatitis C. " Audubon Ambulatory Surgical Center in Colorado Springs is also contacting 1,200 patients who received injections there while Parker was an employee between May and July 2009 .
Parker has been charged with three drug - related offenses .
If she is found to have actually infected anyone with hepatitis C or otherwise caused harm to a patient , her maximum sentence will be 20 years .
If any of the patients dies from the disease , she could serve life in prison .
Sources for this story include : www.cnn.com
A pounding at the door the other morning ; my windows rattled .
I was upstairs at work .
I do n't always leave my desk to hear the good news about Jehovah .
The pounder was insistent .
I went down , if only for the sake of the windows .
Oh , jeeze , the cops .
Officers Firth and Kozar in attendance .
" What 's up , boys ? "
My preference was to talk to them through the plate glass door .
They wanted to come inside .
Not a chance .
I stepped onto the porch .
Who wants two armed strangers in his house , and anyway it was a nice morning .
Officer K. said , " Are you aware of Project Safe City ? "
I hate it when a guy answers a question with a question .
" Why do you want to know ? "
Officer K. said , " We have reason to believe you have a firearm . "
Oh , here we go again .
The last time a representative of the city showed up at my door , she had reason to believe I had a cat .
How did she know ?
The lady cat cop peered through the window at my curtains and said , " Cat hair . "
I dislike being spied on .
I also dislike armed men at the door .
And then Officer K. mispronounced my name and asked if I still worked for this newspaper .
Hmm .
He 'd clearly done some research on me , and I had none on him , nor was I sure why my place of employment was important .
I asked Officer K. if he 'd mind getting to the point .
He thought I was being difficult .
Not me .
I am , however , uncomfortable playing 20 Questions in the morning with armed men on the porch .
The point ?
Officer K. reminded me that my firearms licence had expired .
He said I could turn the gun over to them for storage , or they could take the gun and destroy it .
My gun ?
It is a single - barrel .20 gauge shotgun .
It is 40 years old .
I used to take it into the woods up north to get partridge in the fall .
The last time I used it , I was walking along a hydro cut when I surprised a deer in the long dry grass .
She leapt away in slow motion , flanks rippling , nostrils flaring ; too beautiful .
I have n't hunted since .
I own no shells .
But it 's my gun , dammit .
I guess , when the Feds began the long - gun registry , I should have lied and not bothered to register the damn thing .
Officer K. pressed me about turning the gun over , there and then , for storage or destruction .
For a brief moment I thought about handing it over , if only to get rid of him and his pal .
And then it just seemed wrong :
A couple of cops show up at my door , unannounced , and the talkative one says he has reason to believe , and I 'm supposed to hand over my property just like that ?
I hate to write this .
I know who 's going to respond and how .
Let me be clear : I am not one of those " pry it out of my cold , dead hands " guys .
No one in the city but a copper ought to have a handgun .
And so on .
But I am a fellow who grew up in Northern Ontario and who was once the scourge of the clay pigeon , feared among the partridges .
I told Officer K. I would not hand my gun over and he could take the next step , whatever that might be , and close the gate on the way out .
Did I think they were aggressive ?
Yes .
Was my response temperate ?
Not especially .
An hour later Officers F. and K. showed up with their boss , Officer Nicolle .
He was as angry as he was pushy and he said he wanted the gun or he'd come back with a search warrant .
I was offered no options .
No one ever said , look , you have to renew your licence ; we 'll give you two weeks , here 's the paperwork you need ; and in two weeks , if you do n't have the licence we 'll have to ask you for the gun .
In the absence of options , faced with a search warrant and outnumbered three to one , I said I 'd get the damn shotgun .
Officer N. got in my face then and said , using his outdoor voice , " Do n't you bring up any loaded firearms . "
As if , copper .
I presume my gun 's in storage now .
The receipt does not say where or for how long .
Are n't you glad the city 's safer ?
Joe Fiorito usually appears Monday , Wednesday and Friday .
Email : jfiorito@thestar.ca
Here 's something very , very nice .
Baldur 's Gate for PSX , donated for a release by a secret awesome person .
Some words from them :
Hi , everybody !
Santa here !
Or at least someone who 's secretly filling in his shoes !
( Shh !
Do n't tell anyone ! )
Is n't this season great ?
' Tis the season of giving , hope , love and all that bla bla bla stuff ...
So here 's me giving you something ( and it 's not the finger , for once ) .
It 's a brand spankin ' new unreleased game !
And one you can actually play too !
I 've been sitting on this thing for nearly 2 years .
2 years is n't that long a time !
I acquired this for a rather sizy sum of money once ( hint : four digits ) .
Sure stung a bit , but I feel like I 've somewhat recovered from that !
So what you 're now getting is a fully playable ( from start to end ) copy of the unreleased PS1 port of Baldur 's Gate .
It weights in at a mighty 3 discs and is a surprisingly faithful and direct port of the original PC game .
Please note :
This is NOT the same build that was featured " exclusively " on the PlayStation Museum .
This one is further into development and much closer to the game 's cancellation date .
I do n't expect to get anything in return for this , but for those who 're feeling very generous ;
My wishlist this year includes the usual bag of world peace and stuff , along with some personal wishes for stuff such as the early version of Resident Evil 2 ( aka. Resident Evil 1.5 ) and the canned PS1 port of The Journeyman Project - Pegasus Prime , but money would also be nice ! ;)
Anyway , hope you all enjoy your present from this year 's Secret Santa !
I also hope you all enjoy this often so forgotten title and I wish you all a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year !
Make sure to leave your thanks and holiday wishes in the comments sections or keep an eye on LostLevels.org and the Hidden Palace forums , where I 'm hoping someone will be paying their respect for this gem !
Santa paid a mid-end four figure sum for this , so if you 'd like to thank him with money , I can make sure it gets to him , let me know .
So , here 's the download .
Enjoy !
Edit : Carnivol has posted a nice write - up with a bunch of screenshots at the LostLevels forums , check it out .
Many people with chronic fatigue syndrome are infected with a little known virus that may cause or at least contribute to their illness , researchers are reporting .
The syndrome , which causes prolonged and severe fatigue , body aches and other symptoms , has long been a mystery ailment , and patients have sometimes been suspected of malingering or having psychiatric problems rather than genuine physical ones .
Worldwide , 17 million people have the syndrome , including at least one million Americans .
An article published online Thursday in the journal Science reports that 68 of 101 patients with the syndrome , or 67 percent , were infected with an infectious virus , xenotropic murine leukemia virus - related virus , or XMRV .
By contrast , only 3.7 percent of 218 healthy people were infected .
Continuing work after the paper was published has found the virus in nearly 98 percent of about 300 patients with the syndrome , said Dr. Judy A. Mikovits , the lead author of the paper .
XMRV is a retrovirus , a member of the same family of viruses as the AIDS virus .
These viruses carry their genetic information in RNA rather than DNA , and they insert themselves into their hosts ’ genetic material and stay for life .
COLUMBUS , Ohio --
Ohio Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner has launched an investigation into who is funding a conservative group pushing a ballot measure aimed at blocking horse racing tracks from getting slot machine gambling .
Brunner announced today that she has issued subpoenas to the principals behind LetOhioVote.org and its shadowy , sole funding source , New Models , a Glen Allen , Va. - based corporation .
" The law is clear that what is spent for proposed ballot issues must be reported , " Brunner , a Democrat , said in a statement .
" Using a ' straw person ' out - of - state corporation to hide the real sources of funding not only violates the public trust , it looks like concealment , which is against the law . "
LetOhioVote was created by former Cincinnati- area Republican state Rep. Tom Brinkman .
Columbus - area consultants Gene Pierce and spokesman Carlo LoParo have also represented the group .
LoParo called Brunner 's inquiry a " fishing expedition . "
" LetOhioVote has fully complied with all campaign finance laws , " LoParo said today .
" It is pretty clear this is a fishing expedition that most certainly will waste taxpayer dollars and time . "
LetOhioVote was created after Gov. Ted Strickland last year proposed allowing 17,500 slot machines at Ohio 's seven racetracks to develop a new source of revenue for the cash - strapped state budget .
The group sued the governor , and the Ohio Supreme Court sided with LetOhioVote , saying Strickland could not add slots unless a voter referendum was called .
LetOhioVote then launched an effort to do just that , put the issue on the November ballot , which all but killed the governor 's immediate plans for fiscal relief from this form of gambling .
LetOhioVote had repeatedly dodged questions about where its funding is coming from .
And when the group did finally have to file a campaign finance report to the state , it claimed all $ 1.55 million of its cash came from one source -- New Models .
New Models was formed to engage in political activities but is required only to file reports with the Internal Revenue Service .
It was behind controversial automated calls to Pennsylvania voters made during the 2008 presidential election .
The calls told voters that Barack Obama 's aunt was living in America illegally and that he accepted campaign contributions from his " illegal alien aunt , " according to a transcript of the call posted on Politico.com .
Tim Crawford is president of New Models .
He raised money for former Ohio Republican gubernatorial candidate Ken Blackwell 's 2006 campaign .
Pierce and LoParo also worked on Blackwell 's campaign that year .
" Voters are being asked to pay for a statewide election on a ballot issue for November that will increase the length of the ballot and subject voters to all kinds of advertising , " Brunner said .
" The least we can do is require those behind the effort to say who they are , like campaign finance laws require .
The public has a right to know . "
Those issued subpoenas include Brinkman , LoParo , Pierce , Crawford and Norman Cummings , of Lancaster , Va. , a former Blackwell campaign consultant who set up the LetOhioVote.org domain name , according to the secretary 's office .
Brunner also issued subpoenas to LetOhioVote and New Models as organizations .
The secretary is asking each to submit to a deposition and to produce certain records .
While LoParo has acknowledged knowing Crawford , it is still unclear why a Virginia - based corporation would be so interested in an Ohio initiative that it would be the only funding source .
Also , unclear is where New Models gets its money that it then uses to fund political activity around the country .
New Models has not returned calls for comment .
LoParo said that because of the subpoena , he was forbidden by LetOhioVote lawyers to comment about the relationship between his group and New Models .
Ohio voters last November passed a constitutional amendment that will allow four full - service casinos to be built in the state , including one in Cleveland by Cavaliers majority owner Dan Gilbert .
The first casino is expected to open in late 2012 .
But under the governor 's proposed plan , the slots would have been at racetracks as early as this spring .
Settlers have continued to build in defiance of a government order
At least 29 Israeli settlements in the West Bank are violating a government - ordered pause in building activity , the Israeli Defence Ministry has said .
The information was released in response to a question asked in Israel 's parliament , the Knesset .
A pressure group says there are at least four more settlements disregarding the government order .
The group , Peace Now , says Jewish settlers are working during the night and on the sabbath to avoid notice .
Peace
Now says building work is continuing in at least 33 settlements in violation of an order to stop made by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in November .
Stalled talks
The Israeli newspaper Haaretz said they have learned the government was looking at ways to enforce the no-building rule .
In November , the government of Benjamin Netanyahu ordered a 10 - month cessation of building new settlements .
According to Peace Now , building on existing settlements has continued .
The information was released by the defence ministry following a question asked by Haim Oron of the left - wing Meretz party .
US attempts to revive peace talks have stalled over the Jewish settlement issue .
Palestinians say they will not return to peace talks unless Israel stops settlement building in the West Bank .
Israel has a long - standing commitment under an existing peace plan to stop settlement growth .
But the Israeli government has temporarily curbed construction as a goodwill gesture , though not in East Jerusalem .
All settlements in the the West Bank , including East Jerusalem , are considered illegal under international law , although Israel disputes this .
With so many views in Eclipse ( around 50 for a default install ) , it can become difficult to navigate them all , especially when you do n’t want to reach for the mouse all the time .
As I ’ve mentioned in a previous post on how to manage keyboard shortcuts , learning how to use the keyboard efficiently can save you oodles of time later on .
Fortunately , Eclipse has a number of ways to navigate between views using only the keyboard .
I ’ll discuss the Show View shortcuts , the Show Views dialog , Quick Access and then view cycling , with some advice on when to use which one .
There ’s also a bonus tip on how to activate the editor with the keyboard once you ’re done with a view .
Advertisement
Navigate between views using shortcuts
The fastest way to get around views , is to use the Show View keyboard shortcuts that take you directly to a view , no matter where you are in the window .
The Show View commands are activated by pressing Alt + Shift +Q , then the letter for the relevant view , eg. to navigate to the Package Explorer , press Alt + Shift +Q , P .
The Show View command opens the view if it ’s not opened in the current perspective , makes it visible then activates the view .
So you can even open views that are n’t already open in the perspective .
Here ’s a list of common views that you ’ll probably use every day as a Java developer :
Shortcut
View Alt + Shift+Q , P Package Explorer Alt + Shift+Q , C Console Alt + Shift+Q , O Outline View Alt + Shift+Q , X Problems View Alt + Shift+Q , S Search View Alt + Shift+Q , T Type Hierarchy Alt + Shift+Q , Y Synchronise View
You may want to change the shortcut for a view that you use often to open it faster ( eg. make Alt + Shift + P navigate to the Package Explorer ) .
On the Keys preference dialog , search for Show View .
Eclipse will list all views that are registered with the workbench .
You can now reassign the key to your favourite view .
Some views do n’t have shortcuts assigned to them , only waiting for you to do the honours .
Again , you can use the Keys preference dialog to assign a shortcut to an unassigned view .
As always for the forgetful , to quickly get a list of all available Show View shortcuts , press Alt + Shift +Q , release it and wait for the list to appear in the lower right corner of the screen .
It should look something like this :
Show views dialog
The next fastest way to navigate views is to press Alt + Shift +Q , Q .
This pops up a dialog with a list of all views Eclipse knows about .
The dialog is grouped by category and comes with a handy search box for you to easily find the view you want .
The search box supports wildcards — a handy feature if you do n’t know the exact name of the view you ’re looking for .
Once you ’ve chosen the appropriate view , just press Enter .
Here ’s an example of what the dialog looks like when you use the search feature :
You can also use the arrow keys to move to the view of your choice : Up / Down to move to the next folder grouping or view and Left / Right to open a folder .
But I would recommend getting used to the search box as it ’s faster to get to the view you want .
Tip :
If the view you want is at the top of the list , you do n’t have to press Down to select it .
Pressing Enter will select the first view in the list and then pressing Enter again will confirm your selection .
Navigate views using Quick Access ( Ctrl+3 )
Quick Access is a way to navigate to anywhere or invoke anything in Eclipse .
By pressing Ctrl+3 , Eclipse pops up a searchable list of all perspectives , views , preferences , commands , etc. that it knows about .
It sounds far - fetched , but try it out yourself to see what I mean .
You can navigate to a view by typing its name in the search bar .
The search supports implicit wildcards , so you do n’t have to type an asterisk to do a wildcard search .
So to navigate to the Package Explorer , you can type Package in the search bar .
This is an example of what you ’ll see when you use this dialog ’s search feature :
Unfortunately you may get a lot of other entries that match the word Package since other things like commands and preferences may contain the same word .
This gives the Show Views dialog a slight edge over Quick Access when it comes to navigating views since it only shows views .
Advertisement
Cycle views ( Ctrl +F7 )
This is probably the slowest and most frustrating way to navigate views .
By pressing Ctrl+F7 ( Next View ) , Eclipse pops up a list of all open views in the current perspective .
To cycle through the list , hold down Ctrl and press F7 repeatedly .
Here ’s what the list looks like :
There are 2 big problems with view cycling , though , which makes it one of my least favourite commands :
If the view you want is at the bottom of the list , it takes a while to reach it .
And if you accidentally move past it , you need to wrap around and try and hit it again , or you have to swap over to Ctrl + Shift + F7 to move backwards in the list .
Definitely not nice .
The list only shows open views in the current perspective .
Not usable if you want to open an infrequently used view .
However , this shortcut does come in handy when you ’re constantly swapping between two views ( eg. doing a side - by - side comparison ) .
By pressing Ctrl +F7 once , Eclipse switches between the currently active and last active view .
Activate the editor using the keyboard
You may want to know how to use your keyboard to give the editor focus once you ’re done with a view , especially helpful if you ’re avoiding the mouse .
To activate the editor from any view , press F12 .
This means that you do n’t have to reach for the mouse to start editing .
This command is called Activate Editor and can be changed to any shortcut you want .
F12 is not the most convenient key on most keyboards , so you may want to change it if it does n’t suit you .
So , when should you use one or the other ?
I would recommend the following to start off with :
For frequently used views , learn the Show View keyboard shortcut ( eg. Alt + Shift +Q , P ) for the Package Explorer .
It ’s the fastest and most direct way to get to a view .
For infrequently used views , learn to use the Show Views dialog , or alternatively Quick Access .
The Show Views dialog is better because it only contains a list of views , so it makes things a bit simpler than the Quick Access dialog .
Use Next View ( Ctrl +F7 ) only when you ’re constantly swapping between two views .
Avoid it for other scenarios .
Related Tips
So now that navigating views is a bit easier , here are some other tips that may come in handy :
Share This Tip
Cat stew , according to Italian celebrity chef Giuseppe " Beppe " Bigazzi , is an old Tuscan " delicacy " — and a pure pleasure to eat .
But his enthusiastic on - air recommendation of cat meat — " better than chicken , rabbit , or pigeon " — has landed the 77 - year - old in hot water with the Italian public , and amid a flood of outrage he 's been fired from the popular cooking show he'd hosted for 10 years .
Bigazzi has protested that he was referring to meals eaten " 70 years ago , " and that the furor is unwarranted .
With stray cats being euthanized by the millions , is it really so shocking to suggest eating a few here and there ?
( Watch Beppe Bigazzi recommend eating cat )
Bigazzi is barbaric :
Why would anyone " harm a cat , let alone eat one " ?
asks JoAnne Thomas in Right Cuisine .
It 's disgusting , and it 's inhumane .
Cats are in many ways " more ' human ' than we are " — they sense danger better , and make better parents — and even thinking about " typing cat and recipe in the same sentence " makes me want to vomit .
The Italians fired Bigazzi ?
" Good on them ! "
" Cat casserole in Italy : Beppe Bigazzi cooks cats "
Cats are meat :
The TV station was wrong to even ask Bigazzi to apologize , says Jason Sheehan in Seattle Weekly .
Not only did he eat — and yes , enjoy — cat stew back " in the 1930s and 1940s , " but cats are " made of meat , " and thus " fair game in my book . "
Excluding them from the dinner table because they 're " insanely cute little critters " runs in the face of a long , proud history of cat consumption .
" Cat stew : How to get fired as a food personality ( with recipes ! ) "
Today , all meat is mystery meat : Like the Italian TV viewers , I'm " skeptical " about stewed cat , says Nadia Arumugam in True / Slant .
But the brouhaha over Bigazzi's cat recipe raises a " larger and more profound problem " — in the age of cleaned , shrink - wrapped supermarket meat , we 're too far removed from our food .
If we were served stewed cat instead of , say , chicken or rabbit , most of us would be none the wiser .
" Italian TV chef axed over penchant for cat stew "
The third Stargate SG - 1 movie might not come to pass , actor Michael Shanks told SciFi Wire .
The much - anticipated third Stargate SG - 1 movie might not come to pass , “ Daniel Jackson ” actor Michael Shanks told SciFi Wire .
“ Given the amount of time lag that ’s gone on between us doing the movies , I suspect that we might be very far away from , if ever , doing another DVD movie , ” he said .
“ This might be the closing of the book on that particular [ chapter of the ] franchise . ”
“ I think everybody ’s moving on to a certain point , ” he told the site .
“ And with the new show doing well , everybody ’s focusing their attention on that .
The SG - 1 idea is somewhat on the back burner , which is a little bit unfortunate , because I think one more story would have been a great way to bring Rick [ Richard Dean Anderson , Jack O’Neill ] back in and really go there .
But you know , business is business . ”
But it does n’t mean that fans wo n’t get any Daniel Jackson and Jack O’Neill .
Both actors will reprise their roles in the back half of Stargate Universe ‘s first season .
While Anderson otherwise enjoys semi-retirement , fellow former SG - 1 cast member Amanda Tapping is busy producing and starring in her own series , Sanctuary ( recently renewed for a 20 - episode third season ) .
The script for a third SG - 1 movie ( as well as a Stargate Atlantis film ) , titled Stargate : Revolution , has been written .
Though the producers were hopeful that it would go into production last fall , MGM ’s financial woes and a depressed DVD market have kept it waiting in the wings .
MGM , which owns the rights to the Stargate television franchise , is up for sale and is currently in the second round of bidding from Time Warner , Lionsgate , and a few other interested parties .
The studio will bring potential new owners the James Bond , Rocky , and Stargate franchises , as well as a 4,000 - title film library .
It also owns half the rights to the two Hobbit movies being produced by Peter Jackson ( The Lord of the Rings ) .
The downside : MGM comes with a reported $ 3.7 billion in debt .
Whoever the studio’s new owner ends up being , the math for the profitability of more direct - to - DVD Stargate films has to add up .
Shanks , though , certainly is n’t giving up hope .
“ Never say never , ” he said .
“ It ’s always a possibility . ”
Read the full report at SciFi Wire .
Shanks ’ first Stargate Universe appearance of 2010 , in the episode “ Human , ” is expected to air in late April .
I think I have worked out where commentator James Delingpole is coming from .
He pretends to be a climate change denier and enemy of environmentalists .
In reality he 's a mole , paid by Greenpeace to inflict as much damage on the anti-green cause as possible .
And he 's doing a marvellous job .
His blog posts for the Telegraph consist of the kind of ill - informed viciousness provided for free by trolls on comment threads everywhere , but raised by an order of magnitude .
He puts a wrecking ball through any claims the denial lobby might have to being civilised , intelligent or serious .
His followers act as an echo - chamber , magnifying his nastiness .
Between them they succeed in alienating anyone who might want an informed debate .
But this week he surpassed himself .
On Sunday he published a letter sent to a Conservative candidate asking about his position on climate change .
Here 's what the letter said :
" Dear Edwin Northover I was concerned to note the results of a survey of 140 Conservative candidates for parliament that suggested that climate change came right at the bottom of their priorities for government action .
I hope you can reassure me that you recognise the importance and success of climate change action by the UK government at home and internationally .
Can you clarify that :
You accept that climate change is caused by human activity ?
Do you support the target to achieve 15 % renewable energy by 2020 ?
Do you support the EU imposing tougher regulation to combat climate change ?
Kind Regards , *** ***" .
It looks to me like a polite enquiry from someone concerned about climate change .
Delingpole , however , saw it as a " nauseating email " which must have come from a " disgusting eco- fascist organisation " , though he did n't know which organisation this might be .
His post was headlined " Conservative candidates stalked by eco bullies " .
Much worse , he published the man 's name and home address .
Delingpole 's bootboys took the hint and immediately swung into action .
Within a few minutes of the comments opening , they had published the man 's telephone number and email address , a photo of his house ( " Note all the recycling going on in his front garden " ) , his age and occupation .
Then they sought to tell him just what a low opinion they had of " stalking " and " bullying " .
One commenter wrote : " I tried to telephone *** *** on the number helpfully posted in this blog , but he 's out until tomorrow .
Perhaps he is out ' tackling climate change ' ?
– anyway his missus did n't seem to know where he was . "
Paradoxically , their hounding of this poor man demonstrated that he was just what he seemed to be : an ordinary citizen , exercising his democratic right to ask a parliamentary candidate about his position on an important matter .
The comment thread was rich with unintended irony , as Delingpole 's readers lambasted the man who had sent the letter :
" This intrusive and abusive lobbying is disgusting "
" I cannot stress enough how dangerous and vindictive the environmentalist movement is . "
After some 20 hours of this venom , the Telegraph took the post down , but not before an article purporting to oppose bullying and stalking had been used to launch a campaign of bullying and stalking .
The paper has issued no apology or explanation : if you click on the link it just says " Sorry , no posts matched your criteria . "
This suggests an absence of transparency and honesty and a failure to admit to what looks to me like a grave breach of media ethics .
Anyway , James should be congratulated for a magnificent attempt to do even more damage to his purported cause .
Greenpeace is doubtless posting another fat cheque to him as I write .
Unfortunately his noble and self - sacrificial campaign is probably being waged in vain .
If the comments are anything to go by , his regular readers appear to be devoid of humanity , reflection or any sense of irony .
However vicious or stupid their spokespeople become , they will still go along with it .
www.monbiot.com
• HTC's Legend smartphone will come to UK in April • Analysts hail design classic in same league as Apple • Vodafone snaps up handset for Europe
HTC has come of age .
The Taiwanese mobile phone manufacturer , once known only as the maker of Windows phones under the SPV brand , today unveiled a new phone sporting Google 's Android software which analysts are predicting could steal a march on Apple in the smartphone design wars .
The HTC Legend , which runs the latest Android software called Eclair , is made from a single block of aluminium and has a very bright and clear 3.2 inch AMOLED ( ultra - bright LED ) display .
Vodafone has grabbed the handset in Europe , wary of losing out after missing the iPhone in some of the company 's key European markets .
The Legend will come to the UK in April and already analysts are predicting that it will be a design classic following its launch at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona .
" Legend 's clever use of milled aluminium casing could scoop Apple 's direction for the next iPhone design , " said CCS Insight .
Despite its body being engineered from a single piece of aluminium , the HTC Legend has a removable battery – something which the iPhone conspicuously lacks – which slides out from a compartment at the bottom of the phone .
The back of the battery casing also contains the phone 's antenna so that its metal body does not hinder signal strength .
HTC has updated the user face – called HTC Sense – that sits atop Android on the device .
Alongside refinements to the phone 's address book , so that contacts can be organised into groups such as business contacts and friends , it pulls information from social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter into a single Friend Stream of updates .
The Android platform has been the making of HTC .
It created the first phone , the G1 , using the software , while the Legend is the new version of another successful Android phone , the Hero .
The Legend , however , has a rather less intrusive " chin " at the bottom of the device than the Hero .
Alongside it , HTC also unveiled the HTC Desire , which also uses HTC Sense .
It had previously been codenamed the HTC Bravo and several UK operators have been vying to get hold of it as it is essentially the same as Google 's own Nexus
One device , which HTC also produced .
However , it has an optical trackpad rather than a roller ball , and is understood to be cheaper than the Google device .
Orange said it will be stocking the HTC Desire from April and it will be free on selected monthly tariffs .
It is likely to be priced the same as the iPhone , a policy Vodafone is expected to follow with the Nexus One in the UK when it launches next month .
The HTC Desire will also be available in the UK on T - Mobile from 26 March .
The Desire has a large 3.7 inch AMOLED screen , like the Nexus One , and contains the 1GHz Snapdragon processor which is also found on the Nexus One .
It includes such iPhone staples as pinching to zoom on web pages while it also automatically recalibrates text so that when you zoom into a page , you do not have to scroll left and right to get to the end of a line .
Crucially , it also supports Flash , which Apple still resolutely refuses to back .
HTC also announced the HTC HD mini , which uses the 6.5 version of Windows Phone rather than the series 7 platform launched by Steve Ballmer yesterday .
The Common Room brings you the world as seen by a group of writers , under qualified in terms of credentials , but over qualified in terms of life experiences .
The Common Room team will be writing about anything and everything , from movies and music to daily updates on life in general .
The Common Room is a place for people to be who they are .
Dress is always casual , and maturity can be checked at the door .
The Israeli media marked the one - year anniversary of Operation Cast Lead , the war on Gaza , almost as a celebration .
The operation is recognised almost unanimously in Israel as a military triumph , a combat victory over one of Israel 's deadliest enemies : Hamas .
As combat soldiers of the Israeli Defence Forces ( IDF ) , we have serious doubts about this conclusion , primarily because hardly any combat against Hamas took place during the operation .
As soon as the operation started , Hamas went underground .
Most casualties were inflicted on Palestinians by air strikes , artillery fire , and snipers from afar .
Combat victory ?
Shooting fish in a barrel is more like it .
Operation Cast Lead consisted essentially of bombing one of the most crowded places on earth , striking civilian targets such as homes , schools and mosques , and ultimately leaving a trail of more than 1,300 casualties , mostly civilians , over 300 of whom were children .
As soldiers of the IDF reserves , we bow our heads in shame against this hideous attack on a civilian population .
As for the goals of the operation , these too are questionable .
Allegedly , operation Cast Lead was intended to stop the firing of missiles by Hamas .
But the Qassam missile problem had been solved before the operation started .
The ceasefire agreement between Hamas and Israel in place from 19 June 2008 had resulted in a drastic reduction of missiles fired from Gaza from a few hundreds per month to about a dozen for a period of five months .
It was Israel that never lived up to its end of the bargain to end the siege of Gaza , breached the ceasefire in November 2008 by attacking targets in the Strip , essentially ignored Hamas 's proposal to renew the ceasefire , and eventually began operation Cast Lead a few weeks later .
The true goal of this operation was different from the one announced by Israeli officials .
The real objective was not to stop the Qassams but to overthrow the Hamas government .
As such , the operation failed .
Hamas in Gaza is stronger than ever .
A year after this brutal war , a change of strategy is needed .
Israel should commence immediate talks with Hamas , negotiating not only a ceasefire but also the " core issues " to be part of an end - of - conflict agreement .
An open dialogue with Hamas is clearly in Israel 's interest .
First , because Hamas was democratically elected in Gaza and has won the trust and respect of a significant part of the Palestinian people , anyone hoping to resolve this conflict will eventually need to bargain with the group .
Second , Hamas has proven capable of delivering peace and quiet to the citizens of southern Israel .
As demonstrated before , Hamas has a strong hold on all organisations acting in Gaza and can enforce a truce .
Third , a prisoner exchange deal is our only chance to bring back the abducted IDF soldier , Gilad Shalit .
In return , Israel will release hundreds of Hamas prisoners , out of the 8,000 Palestinian prisoners held in Israeli jails .
Such a deal can have a pacifying influence on public opinion both in Israel and in Palestine and can be an important step towards reconciliation between the two peoples .
Hamas is currently Israel 's enemy , but peace is made with enemies , not with friends .
Hamas is also a powerful , pragmatic and well organised movement , possibly a future partner with whom Israel can " cut a deal " .
A reluctance to recognise Hamas as the party in charge in Gaza is a strategy that failed and needs to be replaced .
A nation that is truly looking for peace cannot afford to ignore its partners .
• Arik Diamant and David Zonsheine are the founders of Courage to Refuse , a movement of Israeli reserve soldiers who refuse to serve in the occupied territories .
In November 2009 they launched an initiative calling Israel to open a dialogue with Hamas
• Comments on this article will remain open for 24 hours from the time of publication but may be closed overnight
One of my favorite factoids is from Harvard biologist E.O. Wilson , who says that if everyone on Earth consumed at the same rate as Americans , four Earths would be needed to house the extra stuff that goes along with the American lifestyle .
Although we still ( currently anyway ) only need one Earth to hold all our people and possessions , the population is growing at a pace that makes one question whether E.O. ’s prediction is coming closer to reality .
Overpopulation is a serious concern , as more people mean more competition for goods and resources , and more waste and pollution .
Population growth has been steeply increasing ever since the Industrial Revolution , as the population grew by 4.5 billion in the 20th century , compared to the 1.3 billion growth in the 1,900 years prior , according to the Population Reference Bureau .
The planet ’s population was 6 , 692 , 030 , 277 — more than 6 and a half billion — people in 2008 , according to the World Bank .
Millions more people have been born since then , and the numbers only continue to rise , burdening the planet with more demand for natural and unnatural resources alike .
Looking at the CIA World Factbook , it ’s evident that many of the countries with high birth rates per 1,000 people are developing countries .
The advantage that developed countries have concerning overpopulation is generally high levels of access to contraceptives , as well as some kind of sex-education .
Comprehensive sex ed and contraceptives are successful ways to combat high birth rates and unintended pregnancies , of which there are 70 to 80 million each year , according to the United Nations Foundation .
In just unintended pregnancies alone , that ’s an extra one billion people on the planet in 12.5 years .
Another way is by enhancing education , so that women in these countries are aware of their options in life — not just to have babies , but to work and develop a career or livelihood — and perhaps have children later than they originally would have .
Not only might women delay when they have children , but with more education and a job , they will also be able to better provide for their families and avoid / get out of poverty .
This is a really interesting topic because directly legislating the issue is ( 1 ) morally questionable , in that it ’s unsettling to think the world would sanction how many children you have ; and ( 2 ) unnecessary if you legislate and focus on related factors such as education and access to contraception , which will lower birth rates without directly having to limit the amount of children people are allowed to have .
With a finite amount of resources and space , it ’s essential to make sure something like a birth rate — technically infinite — does n’t exceed those resources and space .
This is especially necessary in cases where people did not intend or want to have a pregnancy , but merely did so because of a lack of education or access to contraception .
Although an environmental problem in nature , that does n’t mean it has to have an environmental solution .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : contraception , education , overpopulation
Clickfunnels Landing Page
When discovering sales funnels and Clickfunnels for the very first time it can be very exciting , but also incredibly frustrating .
Clickfunnels Landing Page
The software itself can be somewhat complicated when trying it out as a newbie .
And as soon as you have actually resolved that piece of the puzzle , you still might be uncertain how to make it work for your business .
Are you seeking to start a firm ?
Do you require to offer your services or product ?
Or how about ending up being an affiliate online marketer and promoting Clickfunnels ?
Sales funnels can be utilized in essentially any kind of business therefore several ways .
It honestly can be a bit scary when diving in .
If you ’re searching for instructions , you can browse around on Youtube or ask around in Facebook Groups , however there is actually only one answer to get you from point A to Point B with the best trainers in the business .
That answer is the One Funnel Away Challenge ( OFA ) !
What Is The One Funnel Away Challenge ?
The One Funnel Away Challenge is a 30 Day blueprint on introducing your first or next funnel .
The training is supplied by 3 of the very best coaches in the market .
Russell Brunson , Steven Larsen , and Julie Stoian .
In Russell ’s videos he will teach you and offer you an understanding of the technique and the ‘ why ’ behind what you are finding out for the day .
Julie Stoian is a 7 figure marketer that will give you an over the shoulder detailed tutorial on how to implement what Russell was mentor .
And lastly you have the charismatic Steven Larsen conducting the group calls to be your personal responsibility coach .
There is 5 weeks worth of training and everyday of training builds on one another .
There is even homework to ensure you act and implement what you discover .
Here is the detailed map of what you will be discovering :
The One Funnel Away Challenge is hosted inside the Funnel Hacker Community .
It provides you the chance to network with the other OFA participants .
It ’s terrific for more responsibility and assistance .
What Is Included In the One Funnel Away Challenge Kit ?
The package consists of a 550 - page 30 - day challenge book , the One Funnel Away workbook and a preloaded funnel training MP3 player among other materials .
Clickfunnels Landing Page
The workbook has an overview of the challenges and the jobs for you to complete during the challenge .
The challenge book exposes the methods and plans of the leading recipients of the Two Comma Club that you will find inspiring .
The 30 Day Top book and training is a very important part of the One Funnel Away Challenge Set .
This provides you with 30 in depth interviews of those who responded to the concern of what you would perform in thirty days if you “ Suddenly lose everything ” .
These interviews are composed of top level 7 figure online marketers who are crushing it on all levels .
In the 30 Days Dot Com book Russell Brunson breaks down all those interviews to assist you better understand how all of those professionals prospered in their strategies .
The MP3 player is an included bonus offer that you can listen to while exercising or running .
This is 30 audio recordings that assists you further understand what you require to do to become the next big name through Clickfunnels .
What The One Funnel Away Challenge Will Teach You
Pre-Challenge Week —
Learn more about what you hesitate of , Frame of mind and confidence , Belief in yourself .
— Learn more about what you hesitate of , Frame of mind and confidence , Belief in yourself .
Week 1 : Focusing on product offers– how to create pages in a funnel .
“ Funnel Hacking ” , evaluating , taking notes , design .
How to create products QUICKLY : Public Domains , PLR .
Have knowledge on “ Hook , Story , Offer , ” and use sequencing .
: Focusing on product offers– how to create pages in a funnel .
“ Funnel Hacking ” , evaluating , taking notes , design .
How to create products QUICKLY : Public Domains , PLR .
Have knowledge on “ Hook , Story , Offer , ” and use sequencing .
Week 2 : Importance of publishing , design / images for your products and resources , the “ Surprise Bridge ” , developing your personal , genuine “ Origin Story ” , create “ Hooks ” from the origin of your story .
: Importance of publishing , design / images for your products and resources , the “ Surprise Bridge ” , developing your personal , genuine “ Origin Story ” , create “ Hooks ” from the origin of your story .
Week 3 : Core funnel method , setting up your ClickFunnels share funnel , setting up the squeez page , establishing the offer page .
: Core funnel method , setting up your ClickFunnels share funnel , setting up the squeez page , establishing the offer page .
Week 4 : Traffic and promotion
Just How Much Does The One Funnel Away Challenge Cost ?
The One Funnel Away Challenge costs $ 100 which covers all the training products , challenge sets , workbooks , bonus offers , and extra training during the whole 1 month and the kits would be shipped to your area where you pay $ 19.95 to cover shipping in the United States and $ 29.95 outside the US .
However you do not have to fret if you do not wish to cover the One Funnel Away Challenge books , box , one funnel away challenge workbook PDFs and rewards – you can decide to only pay $ 100 for the Digital Only version which does n’t consist of the packages .
With the entire package valued at $ 3,126 , the fee is a deal and you are guaranteed to get worth for your cash .
Envision having the ability to develop your dream for just $ 100 !
It is worth more than the rate .
Clickfunnels Landing Page
Join The One Funnel Way Challenge Now !
Who Are The Coaches Of The One Funnel Away Challenge ?
Russell Brunson :
In the last 15 years , Russell Brunson has helped countless business owners and companies by promoting the idea of sales funnel and likewise through his books ( like DotComSecrets , Expert Secrets , Traffic Secrets , etc ) .
He also co-founded ClickFunnels which helped companies easily execute intricate sales funnels in their businesses .
Julie Stoian :
She is a digital online marketer and a coach helping several companies scale their business to 7 - figures with her proven growth hacking strategies .
She is also the co-founder of several popular online business brand names such as Create Your Laptop Life ® , Funnel Gorgeous ® , Digital Insiders , and more .
Stephen Larsen :
He ’s an affiliate marketing coach and also an offer designer .
After stopping working numerous times in 2013 - 14 , he got into ClickFunnels through DotComSecrets , attending Funnel Hacking live events and fulfilled Russell Brunson in 2016 .
In 2017 , he created the curriculum for the very first 2 Comma Club Training programs , which helped many get their first million .
Final Thoughts
I would recommend you to get One Funnel Away Challenge , if you ’re new to funnel building or wish to get various perspectives and company ideas from numerous experts .
I personally felt that the OFA Top Interviews are priceless and are much more valuable than the core objective training .
Because the material of the core training can be discovered in Russell ’s books like DotComSecrets , Expert Secrets , and likewise Traffic Secrets .
If you have imagine ending up being a business owner and you are finally prepared to make it happen , the One Funnel Away Challenge is a location to begin .
Clickfunnels Landing Page
Join The One Funnel Way Challenge Now !
On their wedding day , they walked to their pastor 's house for the marriage , but got lost , arriving two hours late .
Then he went to work and she went to her parents ' home to wait for him .
He came at 2 a.m .
In positive psychology , most theories of positive emotion have focused on discovering their relative costs and benefits to humans .
These theories , to a greater and lesser degree , see positive emotions as being evolved adaptations to our environment .
Greater mood brings wider though - action repertoires , allowing us to build our resources ( 1 ) , they regulate our motivation to work towards goals ( 2 ) , and when in the right balance with negative emotions , provide optimal conditions for mental health ( 3 ) .
But all life on Earth is intertwined ; could it be that our positive emotions exist not only for our own benefit , but to the benefit of other species , too ?
Researchers Haviland - Jones , Rosario , Wilson and McGuire ( 4 ) argue that they do .
What species could be manipulating our positive emotions to their advantage ?
Could it be the intelligent dolphin ?
Man ’s best friend , the dog ?
Or perhaps our closest cousin , the chimpanzee ?
Nope .
It ’s the simple flower !
Do these flowers cheer you up ? ( Credit : Per Ola Wiberg )
The logic behind this argument is that there is an evolutionary ‘ niche ’ open for species that can elicit emotional rewards in mammals .
The first step towards testing this idea , is to establish an emotional connection between humans and flowering plants ; something romantics have known for centuries !
In a series of studies , Haviland - Jones et al report that :
When women were given flowers , they always responded with a ‘ real ’ duchenne smile , and reported more positive moods three days later .
When men or women were given a flower , they responded with a duchenne smile and engaged in more prosocial activities ( compared to control conditions of being given a pen or nothing ) .
Flowers given to elderly people resulted in more positive mood and improved episodic memory !
The researchers also reported other “ unusual emotional displays that they were unprepared to measure , ” ( 4 , p122 ) , including :
Hugs and kisses .
Invitations to participants ’ homes for refreshments .
‘ Thank you ’ cards and letters – some with photographic evidence of the continuing beauty of the bouquet .
As they sum up – “ In many years of studying emotions , we have never received hugs and kisses , thank you notes or photographs , not even for candy , doghnuts , hats , gift certificates , or direct monetary payment ; flowers are different . ”
What about this one ?
( Credit : Flowery * L*u*z*a * )
These findings are difficult to account for using the theories under the positive psychology umbrella .
The emotion does not seem to be relevant to a goal process , or related generally to receiving a gift .
And why would the presentation of flowers bring a broadened thought - action repertoire ?
Perhaps something to do with Fredrickson ’s cognitive maps ; as flowering plants were part of our ancenstral environment , could their presence trigger a positive emotion to allow greater awareness and therefore knowledge of the environment ?
Haviland - Jones et al suggest three better explanations :
1 ) Learned associations between flowers and happiness from positive social events
Possibly true , but typically the socialisation of positive emotions and flowers is specific to women , and the studies also found effects in men .
Additionally , learned associations do not account for the prevalence and meaning given to flowers cross-culturally .
Still , this ca n’t be ruled out without studies in cultures that place little or no significance on flowers – if there are any .
2 ) Evolutionary food association
Rather than a positive social event , perhaps flowers are associated with potential foraging success – as they signal the current or future availability of nuts and fruits ; nutritionally dense foods .
3 ) Flowers evolved as human mood enhancers
Perhaps the sensory aspects of flowers directly influence positive human moods .
This reaction to flowers would be expected without learning an association between flowers and happiness , but would make learning such an association easier .
How could this all be working ?
Emotional processing occurs in a specific part of the brain , based on certain ‘ rules ’ applied to the input to this area .
Over vast periods of time , and where it is in their interest , organisms attempt to access the ‘ rules ’ of other organisms and adapt to them .
It ’s a kind of evolutionary cold war , all happening through the trial and error of natural selection , without any conscious or deliberate direction ( an important point ) .
Flowers have adapted to our preferences in a number of ways , it seems .
We have a preference for symmetry , we have a preference for certain colours , and we may also have a preference for certain smells .
These preferences all evolved for specific purposes ( pattern recognition , to distinguish between high - and low - protein leaves , etc ) , but because they are general preferences , we would not necessarily need to be exposed to a flower to be attracted to it – it is configured in a way that our brain ‘ likes ’ , which triggers the release of chemicals that result in our positive emotions .
I ’m kind of limited in the range of pictures I can provide you with in this article .
Here are some more flowers .
( Credit : o b s k u r a )
This may be serendipitous though , because the smells , colours and shapes of flowers may have evolved to attract the birds and insects with which their cross-species pollination efforts are usually associated .
Either way , this configuration appears to be beneficial to the plants ; for many species of plants , humans are the main agents of seed dispersal , even those that have no nutritious or medicinal value .
They have discovered the secrets of our positive emotional response mechanisms , and have adapted themselves to exploit it .
We ’re being manipulated !
Although this idea is far from confirmed , and there are a lot of unanswered questions , the theory does provide an interesting angle on positive emotions that we maybe do n’t consider in positive psychology .
When we think of the purpose of positive emotions , we immediately think “ How do they benefit us ? ”
But for a fuller picture of the role of positive emotions , we might have to think about how they benefit other species , too .
References :
(1) Fredrickson , B. ( 2001 ) .
The role of positive emotions in positive psychology :
The broaden - and - build theory of positive emotions .
American Psychologist , 56 ( 3 ) , 218-226 .
(2) Carver , C. , & Scheier , M. ( 1990 ) .
Origins and functions of positive and negative affect : A control - process view .
Psychological Review , 97 ( 1 ) , 19 -35 .
(3) Fredrickson , B. , & Losada , M. ( 2005 ) .
Positive Affect and the Complex Dynamics of Human Flourishing .
American Psychologist , 60 ( 7 ) , 678-686 .
(4) Haviland - Jones , J. , Rosario , H. H. , Wilson , P. , & McGuire , T. R. ( 2005 ) .
An Environmental Approach to Positive Emotion : Flowers .
Journal of Evolutionary Psychology , 3 , 104-132 .
After their father died 15 years ago , Mike Smith ’s six siblings wanted nothing to do with the tract of land the old man had gradually acquired from his income as a pipeline welder .
The land , 365 acres – 148 hectares — of it , lay in a quiet and sparsely populated corner of Louisiana : nothing but pine trees for miles around .
In a county so poor that about a fifth of the population lives below the poverty line , the bequest was n’t good for much .
But for Smith , a tall , slim man of 61 with a kindly face , DeSoto parish was home .
“ That ’s where my roots are .
I wanted the land , ” he says .
Smith paid US$ 300 an acre ( less than half a hectare ) – $ 109,500 in total – to his siblings .
And while he kept his home in Shreveport , 65 kilometres to the north , he travelled down to DeSoto regularly to walk his acres , or hunt squirrel and deer .
His plan was to sell the trees for lumber one day , and use the income to fund his retirement .
Until then , he would pass the years frugally , making a living as a property valuer and sharing his 50 - year - old house with two dogs and a cat .
All the while , the DeSoto county seat , Mansfield , home to 5,500 people , withered .
With only coal and timber to support it , the parish could not even repair its roads .
Across from the courthouse are telltale signs of the desperation that began to claw at the area – the dusty , vacant windows of the hardware shop and cinema , and beyond them the Community Bank of Louisiana .
It opened its doors in 1901 but is now so run down that the visitor struggles to make out what colour the wallpaper would once have been .
The phones are from another age and an old standard lamp in an upstairs office blinks fitfully into life and then goes dark again .
“ When I came in , the town was dead .
There was no sign of economic growth here , ” remembers Curtis McCoy , mayor for the past seven years .
All that changed in 2008 , when oil and gas companies began knocking on doors , offering locals a couple of hundred dollars an acre if they would lease their land for prospecting .
Some , like Jim May , executive director of the DeSoto Chamber of Commerce , jumped at the offer and signed a three - year lease on his 100 acres for a total of $ 25,000 .
Nobody had shown any interest in the land in decades , he reasoned .
Six months later , the gold rush was at its height and prices leapt to $ 25,000 or even $ 30,000 an acre .
“ I lost $ 2.5 million , ” says May with a wistful smile .
“ People went to bed one night and woke up the next morning to find themselves rich , ” says McCoy .
That included Mike Smith , whose land was so sought after that in May 2008 , PetroHawk Energy , a small , independent oil and gas company , handed him a $ 1.4 - million signing bonus in return for permission to drill for natural gas on his late father ’s property .
“ It changed my whole life , ” he says .
“ I do n’t have to cut my trees anymore . ”
Smith is sitting behind the wheel of a new gold Cadillac , parked outside this year ’s Haynesville Shale Expo in Shreveport , an event that has attracted 5,000 people , most of them landowners who missed the leasing frenzy and are eager to see whether they still have time to cash in .
It was Smith ’s dream since he was a boy to own a new Cadillac , like the one his father always made sure his mother drove .
He paid $ 52,000 cash for the car .
“ That was the first investment .
It kind of hurt a little bit , ” he smiles .
A small wooden cross dangles from the rear - view mirror .
. . .
The prize that drew companies such as PetroHawk to Smith ’s impoverished corner of Louisiana is known as shale gas .
Smith ’s acres sit on top of the Haynesville Shale , named after the town near which the prospect was discovered – a seam of black rock between 150 and 300 feet thick ( 45 to 90 metres thick ) that lies hundreds of metres underground and extends across 3,400 square miles ( 8,800 square kilometers ) of Louisiana and Texas .
Trapped inside this rock are vast quantities of natural gas – estimated at between 112 and 245 trillion cubic feet ( roughly between three and seven trillion cubic metres ) .
At the upper end of this range , Haynesville gas could meet the energy needs of the United States for about 12 years .
This is n’t the most extensive prospect of its kind in the United States ; that distinction belongs to the Marcellus Shale in Pennsylvania and neighbouring states , which is reckoned to cover 65,000 square miles ( nearly 170,000 square kilometres ) , an area larger than Greece .
But based on the wells drilled so far , the Haynesville may well turn out to be one of the most productive .
“ It was the Haynesville that turned the tide on how big shale could be for US supply , ” says Jeff Fisher , senior vice - president of production at another US company , Chesapeake Energy .
Indeed , the impact is expected to extend well beyond America ’s borders .
Industry consultants at PFC Energy in Washington , DC , believe that developing supplies trapped in shale deposits could more than quadruple the world ’s known gas reserves .
“ This is a transformational event , ” says its chairman , Robin West .
His consultancy puts global reserves of natural gas from “ unconventional ” sources such as shale beds at 3,250 trillion cubic feet ( 92 trillion cubic metres ) , a total based on 1997 geological estimates that he believes will rise as the techniques available to extract the gas improve .
By comparison , global reserves of natural gas from “ conventional ” sources total 620 trillion cubic feet ( 17.5 trillion cubic metres ) .
Not all of these shale reserves will ever be tapped , but the technology to do so is available and , for the first time , companies are putting it to use .
To extract gas from shale involves drilling down , sometimes thousands of metres , and then sideways as much as 4,500 feet ( 1,370 metres ) .
Once a well has been drilled , water with fine grains of sand is pumped through at high pressure ; this fractures the shale and leaves behind the grains of sand , which prop open the fissures in the rock and allow the gas to escape .
Using this technique , Devon Energy , an Oklahoma - based oil and gas independent , sank a well last autumn in the Texas portion of the Haynesville shale ( until then thought to be a low point in the “ play ” ) that produced a flow rate of more than 30 million cubic feet ( 850,000 cubic metres ) of gas per day , the highest ever from that area .
This result led others to redraw the borders of the gas field , suggesting it was even more extensive than originally believed .
“ No one , us included , knows how that play is going to evolve , ” says Larry Nichols , Devon ’s chief executive .
“ We did not anticipate it would grow this much .
Now we realise there are more opportunities for onshore growth than we ever thought would be possible . ”
This realisation marks a volte - face for America ’s oil and gas companies .
By the 1970s , the majors had decided that onshore reserves of oil and gas in the United States had been tapped , so they sold much of their acreage in order to focus on offshore and international exploration .
This left the independent explorers , which drill 90 % of onshore wells in the country , to pursue what was left .
“ For years we have known that the United States holds vast quantities of so - called tight gas or shale gas – natural gas locked in formations denser than concrete , ” Rex Tillerson , ExxonMobil ’s chief executive , said in October .
“ But we did not have the technology to extract this so - called tight gas in a cost - effective way .
Until now . ”
Credit for that breakthrough goes to George Mitchell , who at 90 is among the last of the original wildcatters still alive .
His breed of oilmen spent their lives searching for the next Spindletop – the Texas oil well that in 1901 spouted a thick , black geyser , marking the birth of the US oil industry .
Duke R Ligon was senior vice - president at Devon Energy when , in 2002 , Mitchell was preparing to sell his company to Devon and retire a billionaire .
Few people realised it at the time , but Mitchell had already laid the groundwork for the shale boom by pioneering an effective and economic way to extract the gas .
“ You had to laugh in the negotiations because , according to him , everything was Spindletop , ” Ligon recalls .
He pauses , then adds : “ He happened to be right . ”
The technology and expertise developed by Mitchell Energy and refined by Devon has transformed the industry .
In the past three years , estimates of US gas reserves have grown from 30 to 100 years ’ supply at today ’s rates of consumption .
“ We did all the work , ” Mitchell says .
“ The majors did n’t do it ; the independents did it .
Now the majors are angling all around . ”
Exxon , the biggest of them all , has built up positions in the Marcellus Shale and other fields across Oklahoma , Arkansas and Texas , and in December it took over XTO Energy , a US independent , in a $ 41 - billion deal that will further increase its exposure to onshore US natural gas .
Exxon is also looking at making shale an international proposition and has holdings in Canada , Germany , Hungary and Poland .
And all the while competitors from around the world are lining up , hoping to learn from the pioneering US independents and take that expertise with them wherever they can .
NEXT : What lies ahead ?
Sheila McNulty is the Financial Times ’s US energy correspondent .
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2010
https://www.ft.com/home/uk
Homepage image from US Energy Information Administration
Business card : psychologist
By martinplsko Watch
3 Favourites 0 Comments 5 K Views
An idea for a card for a clinical psychologist ( if I am not mistaken in the english version of the profession ) .
The typography obviously follows the blot - test idea of the Rohrschach blot .
The name and address are random , made out .
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 250x484px 68.96 KB
Show More
Published : May 29 , 2009
Jonah Goldberg ’s gall is greatly to be admired .
A contributing editor at National Review , Goldberg will soon issue forth a book entitled Liberal Fascism .
Early peeks show that the dust jacket contains this clever apercu :
“ The quintessential liberal fascist is n’t an SS storm trooper ; it is a female grade - school teacher with an education degree from Brown or Swarthmore . ”
Chapter titles include : Woodrow Wilson and the Birth of Liberal Fascism , Franklin Roosevelt ’s Fascist New Deal , Brave New Village : Hillary Clinton and the Meaning of Liberal Fascism .
From any other conservative , a book like this would be simple ideological boilerplate .
Since at least the early 1930s , conservatives have been accusing liberals like Franklin Roosevelt of being fascists .
What makes Goldberg ’s book especially ripe and cheeky is his association with National Review , a magazine that has a very special relationship with fascism .
Since its founding in 1955 , National Review has been a haven for writers who are , if not fascists tout court , certainly fascist fellow travellers .
Let ’s put it this way : if Woodrow Wilson and Hillary Clinton are fascists then what word do we have for those who admired Francisco Franco ?
When the Spanish tyrant died in 1975 , National Review published two effusive obituaries .
F.R. Buckley ( brother to National Review founder William F. Buckley ) hailed Franco as “ a Spaniard out of the heroic annals of the nation , a giant .
He will be truly mourned by Spain because with all his heart and might and soul , he loved his country , and in the vast context of Spanish history , did well by it . ”
James Burnham simply argued that “ Francisco Franco was our century ’s most successful ruler . ” ( Both quotes are from the November 21 , 1975 issue ) .
Aside from F.R. Buckley and Burnham , many of the early National Reviewers were ardent admirers of Franco ’s Spain , which they saw as an authentically Catholic nation free from the vices supposedly gripping the United States and the northern European countries .
National Review stalwarts like Frederick Wilhelmsen , Arnold Lunn , and L. Brent Bozell , Jr. made pilgrimages to Spain , finding spiritual nourishment in the dictatorship ’s seemingly steadfast Catholicism .
The really twisted side National Review ‘s philo - fascism came through in 1961 when Israel captured Adolph Eichmann , a leading Nazi , and tried him for crimes against humanity .
National Review did everything they could editorially to offer extenuating arguments against the prosecution of Eichmann , arguing that he was being subjected to a “ show trial ” , that this was post facto justice , that pursuing Nazi crimes would weaken the Western alliance and further the cause of communism .
As the magazine editorialized on April 22 , 1961 , the trial of Eichmann was a “ lurid extravaganza ” leading to “ bitterness , distrust , the refusal to forgive , the advancement of Communist aims , [ and ] the cultivation of pacifism . ”
( The editors did n’t consider that a mere 16 years after the death camps were liberated , a “ refusal to forgive ” the architects of genocide might be understandable ) .
At least one of the arguments National Review made on behalf of Eichmann had value : there is something troubling about post facto justice .
But the problem with the magazine ’s handling of this matter was the tone they took .
They went out of their way to needle Jewish sensibilities on this issue , often in a cruel ways by belittling the seriousness of the Holocaust .
In his 1999 book The Holocaust in American Life , the historian Peter Novick tells the story well :
The general circulation magazine that outdid all others in the frequency and vehemence of its attacks on the trial was William F. Buckley ’s National Review .
Its first commentary on Eichmann was noteworthy in that , at a time when all the other media were reporting his millions of victims , it spoke of Eichmann ’s being “ generally believed to have a primary hand in exterminating hundreds of thousands . ”
Two weeks later the magazine returned to the subject , attacking the “ pernicious ” trial that was “ manipulat[ing ] a series of ex post facto laws … to give assassination a juridical rationale . ”
National Review ‘s Eichmann coverage then turned to anti-Semitic ‘ humor . ’
The magazine presented the imagined conversations of a vulgar Jewish couple : “ Sylvie ” spoke to “ Myron ” about Eichmann ( and gold , and hairdressers ) in their Central Park West apartment while “ doing her nails … on an enormous crescent - shaped , gold - on - gold , French provincial Castro convertible . ”
A bit later , the National Review devoted an editorial to how the Communists were profiting from the “ Hate Germany movement ” being furthered by the Eichmann trial .
At the same time , National Review did an editorial about the attempt of George Lincoln Rockwell , the head of the American Nazi party , to speak in New York city .
The editorial criticized the “ mob of Jews who hurled insults at him .
Some lunged at him , and were kept from Rockwell ’s throat only by a cordon of policemen .
Are we ‘ against ’ the Jews whose pressure kept Rockwell from exercising his constitutional right to speak , and who would , if given the chance , have beat him bloody ?
Of course . ”
But the editorial admirable defence of “ the constitutional right to speak ” had a limit ; a paragraph later the editors are criticizing the civil rights movement for their “ theatrical ” challenge to white supremacy in the south , a response which was “ met , inevitably , by a spastic response .
By violence . ”
( This editorial , quoted by Novick , is from the June 3 , 1961 issue of National Review ) .
In effect , the editors were arguing that civil rights protesters in the south were as provocative as American Nazis marching in a Jewish neighbourhood in New York ( with the violent response of white southerners receiving considerably more sympathy than those of Jewish counter - protestors ) .
It ’s worth noting that George Lincoln Rockwell had a slight connection with National Review : before becoming a Nazi he had been commissioned by the magazine to promote its profile among college students .
In his 1987 book From This Moment On , National Review editor Jeffrey Hart made a remarkable attempt to rehabilitate the reputation of Benito Mussolini .
According to Hart , Il Duce made only “ a single error in judgement ” ( his decision to support Hitler in 1940 ) .
Other than that , everything the fascist leader did was hunky - dory .
“ His 1922 blackshirt march on Rome brought to an end a period of political deadlock and leftist riot , ” Hart asserts .
“ His domestic achievements were substantial … .
There was repression , the administrating of doses of castor oil , but no Gulags and Belsens or Cambodian - style slaughter ….
Mussolini was probably better read than any other national leader of his time ….
Mussolini ’s leadership made even proletarians take some pride in being Italian , and his addresses , broadcast across the Atlantic , were listened to with respect in American - Italian households … .
Mussolini stood 5 feet 6 inches and had a massive , handsome head … .
Mussolini liked to interrupt his working day several times with sexual intercourse , often standing up and in his uniform , a very rapid performance . ”
The ode to Mussolini ’s character and sexual prowess ends , appropriately enough , with a quote from Ezra Pound , the fascist poet .
In short , National Review was never a magazine that could be described as “ anti- fascist ” or even “ anti- Nazi ” .
They went out of their way to belittle the crimes of fascists and Nazis .
James Burnham expressed the magazine ’s stance with his customary blunt brusqueness : “ The whole concept of ‘ fascism , ’ for that matter , has been a fraud from the beginning .
Like ‘ peaceful coexistence ’ and ‘ détente , ’ it is a tactical invention of the Soviet Agitprop … ”
So it takes a kind of plumy dumb courage for Jonah Goldberg to decry “ liberal fascism ”
Related posts can be found here , and here and here .
" Even if TARP saved our financial system from driving off a cliff back in 2008 , absent meaningful reform , we are still driving on the same winding mountain road , but this time in a faster car , " Barofsky wrote .
The Troubled Assets Relief Program , known as TARP , has not addressed the problems that led to the last crisis and in some case those problems have festered and are a bigger threat than before , warned Neil Barofsky , the special inspector general at the Treasury Department .
Barofsky wrote the $ 700 billion financial bailout has encouraged more risk - taking because bank executives , who are still receiving massive bonuses , figure the government will come to the rescue the next time they steer their ships nearly aground .
" The market mentality now seems fixed that the U.S. government will continue to step in and bail out giant financial institutions , " said Sen.
Susan Collins , R- Maine , ranking member of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee .
" The IG 's findings confirm my decision to oppose releasing $ 350 billion in TARP funds last year and my recent vote to terminate the program altogether . "
This was a no brainer from the start of the bailouts .
As long as there is the certainty that the government will not let these giant banks go under , why not play roulette with money that 's not yours ?
The Obama administration has done nothing to disabuse the bankers of that notion .
And according to CNN , Barofsky also says that TARP is not working to free up banks to make more loans to businesses :
In his latest quarterly report to Congress , special inspector general Neil Barofsky said that the Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP , has failed to boost bank lending as well as halt the spread of foreclosures -- two key aims of the sprawling program .
" Whether these goals can effectively be met through existing TARP programs is very much an open question at this time , " Barofsky said in the report .
When Congress enacted TARP , the hope was that injecting capital into hundreds of banks would spur lending and keep the economy from spiraling even deeper into recession .
But since then , lending to both consumers and businesses has continued to decline .
Earlier this month , the Treasury Department reported that the 22 banks that got the most aid from the government 's various bailout programs have cut their small business loan balances by $ 12.5 billion since April . [...]
Even as Treasury allocated $ 35.5 billion towards that foreclosure - prevention program as of the end of last year , only 66,500 homeowners have received permanent modifications , with another 787,200 homeowners in trial modifications .
Under fire for the low number of people receiving long - term help , the Treasury Department in late November ramped up pressure on servicers to convert borrowers to permanent modifications .
Still , there is no sign that the rate of foreclosures is slowing down anytime soon .
Earlier this month , RealtyTrac , the online marketer of foreclosed homes , reported that foreclosure filings surged to a record 3 million in 2009 , up 21 % from 2008 .
Of the homeowners who have received modifications on their mortgages , 25 % are now delinquent 90 days or more .
Incredibly , more than 3 million homeowners applied for the modification and less than 1 % received permanent help .
That qualifies this program as being one of the most spectacular failures in the history of government .
The impetus for meltdown could come from anywhere .
A country like Spain going bankrupt ; a tipping point in home foreclosures ; a rash of bank failures ; another recession .
We are still balanced on the knife 's edge of catastrophe with the politicians turning away , hoping for the best .
In the end , that probably wo n't help much .
Hat Tip : Jim Lewis
thoughts about investing , economics , ecology , and what I 'm reading
Most user manuals are worthless .
They ’re chock full of poorly written text and confusing diagrams .
Worse still , the gap between problem and solution is vast because we ’re forced to apply a linear format ( a guide ) to a specific question .
Where ’s a search box when you need it ?
But here ’s an idea :
What if instead of leafing through pages or scrolling through an online manual , you could simply see your way through a task ?
Just slide on a headset and work your way through a bit of customized , augmented - reality education .
Learn faster .
Dig deeper .
See farther .
That ’s what Columbia University computer science professor Steve Feiner and Ph.D. candidate Steve Henderson are trying to do with their Augmented Reality for Maintenance and Repair ( ARMAR ) project .
They ’re combining sensors , head - worn displays , and instruction to address the military ’s maintenance needs .
Take a look at this project video and you ’ll quickly see how the same application could extend to all sorts of use cases :
In the following Q&A , Feiner and Henderson discuss the genesis of ARMAR and its practical applications .
They also offer a few tips for anyone who wants to develop their own AR - based instructional project .
Mac Slocum : What inspired ARMAR ?
Steve Feiner : ARMAR was inspired in part by earlier research projects that we have done in Columbia ’s Computer Graphics and User Interfaces Lab , investigating how augmented reality could be used for maintenance and assembly tasks .
This work dates back to 1991 , when we began work on KARMA ( Knowledge - Based Augmented Reality for Maintenance Assistance ) .
The earliest work on ARMAR itself began in 2006 , with initial funding from the U.S. Air Force Research Lab , when Steve Henderson began his Ph.D. studies at Columbia .
Our application domain of the LAV - 25 light armored vehicle turret was the result of funding from the U.S. Marine Corps Logistics Base , beginning in 2007 , to investigate how AR might be applied to future field maintenance of military vehicles .
MS : Is ARMAR in active use ?
Steve Feiner : ARMAR is a research project and has not been deployed .
MS : Can you walk me through the ARMAR user experience ?
Steve Henderson :
The user can see five kinds of augmented content presented on the see - through head - worn display :
Attention - directing information in the form of 3D and 2D arrows , explaining the location of the next task to perform .
Text instructions describing the task and accompanying notes and warnings .
Registered labels showing the location of each target component and surrounding context .
A close - up view depicting a 3D virtual scene centered on the target at close range and rendered on a 2D screen - fixed panel .
3D models of tools ( e.g. a screwdriver ) and task domain components ( e.g. fasteners or larger components ) , if applicable , registered at their current or target locations in the environment .
MS : What tools and technologies does it employ ?
Steve Henderson :
The initial implementation of ARMAR was built as a game engine mod using the Valve Source Software Development Kit .
Over the past semester , ARMAR has been reimplemented using Goblin XNA , our lab ’s open - source platform for developing augmented reality applications .
Steve Feiner :
We also take advantage of a wide range of head - worn displays and tracking systems available in Columbia ’s Computer Graphics and User Interfaces Lab .
These include a custom video see - through head - worn display that Steve Henderson built specifically for use in the project ( using a Headplay display and two Point Grey Firefly MV cameras ) , a Vuzix iWear VR920 with CamAR video see - through head - worn display , and an NVIS nVisor ST 60 optical see - through head - worn display .
The tracking technologies that we use include InterSense IS900 and IS1200 hybrid trackers , NaturalPoint OptiTrack IR optical tracking , and the VTT ALVAR optical marker tracking package .
We typically run the application and head - worn display on a desktop PC with an NVIDIA Quadro FX 4500 graphics card .
When applicable , we run the NaturalPoint OptiTrack on a separate laptop .
But , there ’s no reason why the application itself could n’t run on a high - end laptop .
In addition , there are now wireless HDMI solutions that could be used to effectively cut the cable from the computer to the head - worn display , eliminating the physical connection to the computers .
ARMAR is a research testbed , and not a ready - to - deploy production system .
Therefore , we are free to explore different combinations of technologies , without having to commit to them as part of a turnkey solution .
MS : The video shows what appears to be the G1 mobile phone .
Is that an input device ?
Steve Henderson :
The Android G1 phone is used as a wrist - worn controller that displays a simple set of 2D controls and detects user gestures made on the touch screen .
Gestures are streamed to the computer running ARMAR through Wi-Fi .
The G1 allows the user to move between maintenance steps , and control the explanatory animations that the system can present — starting and stopping them , and changing the speed at which they play .
MS : How small can you make ARMAR ?
Steve Feiner :
Our emphasis has been on developing a research testbed in which we can design and formally evaluate the effectiveness of new ways to assist mechanics in learning and performing maintenance tasks .
Therefore , we have n’t had to worry about choosing specific hardware on which a production - quality implementation could be fielded right now , let alone making it really small .
That said , Moore ’s Law , in concert with competitive hardware development and strong consumer demand for ever smaller and more powerful devices that can support 3D games , is driving down the size and cost of the mobile devices on which ARMAR and its descendants will be able to run .
And , the capability for transmitting wireless high - resolution video could also help eliminate the need for cables to / from the head - worn display , eventually allowing the system to use eyewear that looks much like current glasses .
These could be connected wirelessly to a small smartphone - sized waist - worn computer , or even to a nearby stationary computer whose size then becomes much less important .
MS : Could something like ARMAR be ported to mobile phones ?
Could it exist as an app ?
Steve Henderson : Yes .
But , note that an app that used a current mobile phone ’s built - in camera and display , held in the user ’s hand , wo n’t accommodate many tasks in which the maintainer needs to devote both hands to the task itself .
As mobile phones mature , however , we believe they will soon be designed to interface with — or even be built into — tracked eyewear , making them an ideal platform for ARMAR .
MS : What ’s been the most challenging aspect of development ?
Steve Henderson :
It ’s been challenging to track the user ’s head within the cramped confines of the turret .
We do not have a full replica of the turret in our lab , and were not able to permanently install any tracking infrastructure in the actual turrets where we did our studies .
Using stereo video see - through head - worn displays under Direct3D has also been challenging .
There are no explicit provisions for stereo in Direct3D and the formal support for stereo displays provided by graphics card vendors does not address merging rendered graphics with separate left - eye and right - eye video .
We were lucky to have NVIDIA provide us with an unsupported software development kit for handling this on their graphics cards .
MS : Has anything gone smoother than you anticipated ?
Steve Henderson :
Our recent reimplementation of ARMAR using the GoblinXNA framework has gone very smoothly .
Our initial prototype design , which leveraged the Valve Source software development kit , required custom implementations of several core functions required for augmented reality applications ( e.g. , tracking and camera control ) .
GoblinXNA provides these functions implicitly , which has allowed us to spend more time on the design of the actual augmented reality interface .
Additionally , implementation of the wrist - worn controller was very straight forward using the Android Software Development Kit and Eclipse Integrated Development Environment .
MS : Do you see applications in other industries ?
Steve Feiner :
There are many potential applications of AR to explaining industrial tasks , in both training and production .
Essentially , it could be used in any domain in which personnel use conventional documentation , ranging from paper manuals to computer - based electronic manuals .
MS : How about consumer use ?
Steve Henderson :
There are many day - to - day tasks in which consumers currently need to consult written or computer - based instructions .
Think of assembling a bicycle or a piece of furniture , making a complex recipe , wiring a home entertainment center , or fixing a balky lawnmower .
These are just some examples of tasks in which systems like ARMAR could make the task easier and faster to perform , and make it more likely that it ’s performed correctly .
MS : If someone wants to pursue a similar project , what guidance would you give them ?
What should they watch out for ?
Where should they start ?
Steve Feiner :
It ’s important to be aware of , learn from , and build on relevant ongoing and past work .
Researchers have been exploring AR and publishing their work for over 40 years , beginning with Ivan Sutherland ’s research on head - tracked see - through head - worn displays .
The leading conference in this field — the IEEE International Symposium on Mixed and Augmented Reality , and its direct predecessors — dates back to 1998 .
So , we would strongly recommend that someone who wanted to develop a similar project ( or , for that matter , any AR project ) become familiar with what others have done before , to find out what worked and what did n’t .
It ’s also important to have a close working relationship with subject - matter experts in the field in which the application will be developed and to be able to run user tests with the members of the population for whom the system is being designed .
MS : What ’s the next step in making this technology more widely available ?
Steve Feiner :
In the work we reported on at IEEE ISMAR 2009 , we showed how AR made it possible to locate maintenance tasks to perform more quickly than state - of - the - art electronic documentation .
And , we ’re now concentrating on improving users ’ speed and accuracy in performing tasks that involve orienting and positioning parts during assembly and disassembly .
Making the technologies on which we ’re working available to others will involve additional funding to address other domains and to make robust production implementations of the software .
The Arizona House Judiciary Committee gave the green light yesterday to a bill that would allow Arizona residents to build and sell their own homemade guns and bullets without having to comply with federal law , paving the way for some highly entertaining experiments in some hillbilly 's shed .
The bill , HB 2307 , was introduced by Bullhead City Representative Nancy McLain , who says the move helps Arizona exercise its 10th Amendment right of state sovereignty .
Under the bill 's provisions , your everyday person can build and sell anything short of machine - guns and mortar - launchers .
You may be saying , " Only in Arizona ! "
But the Grand Canyon State is not the first to consider legislation like this -- Arizona 's bill is identical to one passed in Montana last year .
McClain tells Capitol Media Services that not only is she in favor of allowing citizens to construct their own firearms , she is concerned that the feds are talking about requiring manufacturers to put identifying features on their bullets -- like numbers .
Even though the idea is to be able to identify bullets used in a crimes ( read : help law enforcement ) , gun-lovin Nancy 's against it .
" Many of us see this as an attempt to infringe on our Second Amendment rights , '' she says .
Under the bill , the guns and ammunition could only be sold and carried in Arizona and must say " Made in Arizona " on the gun or bullet .
Good thing , too .
That way when some survivalist accidentally blows his brains out while trying to assemble his homemade pistol , we can feel an ironic sense of state - pride .
T- Shirts with Necronomic Designs can be purchased here !
If you have been looking through your credit report and are about to apply for further credit , you might [… ]
" Can you make each page on our website fade in and fade out when you click on a link ?
You know … like PowerPoint ? "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Thirty Facebook pages have been taken down because prisoners were using them to taunt their victims , Justice Secretary Jack Straw has said .
Mr Straw was speaking after a meeting with victim campaigners to discuss prisoners using social networking sites to taunt families .
They will look at ways to stop inmates using smuggled mobile phones to access webpages and abuse their victims .
Mr Straw said the 30 offending pages had been removed within 48 hours .
He also said he was " reassured by the co-operation which we 're receiving from Facebook " and said it was agreed a better system for policing websites was needed .
' Devious , manipulative people '
Some prisoners use mobile phones to access Facebook accounts " This is horrible , profoundly disturbing ... and it's deeply offensive to public morality , " he said .
Mr Straw met with Margaret and Barry Mizen , the parents of teenager Jimmy Mizen who was murdered at a bakery in south - east London in May 2008 , and Richard Taylor , the father of 10 - year - old schoolboy Damilola Taylor , who was killed in a north Peckham estate in November 2001 .
Mr Mizen said the talks were " encouraging " but he wanted Facebook to be " more responsible " .
He said : " I 'm sure Facebook is a massive organisation and there 's lots of money floating around .
If you have to spend a bit more on monitoring , then you have just got to do it . "
The Justice Secretary also met representatives from Facebook and Ofcom .
He said it might be possible to change the rules under which prisoners are freed on parole and temporary licence , to make it " explicit " that they can not make use of sites in this way .
If material is considered to be causing harassment or distress , or constitutes illegal activity , Facebook 's policy is to remove the offending account
Ministry of Justice
Prisoners causing Facebook trouble " We are getting much tougher about people smuggling telephones into prison and using them .
" I 'm afraid we 're dealing with crooks .
Devious , manipulative people who actually have no respect for their own bodies so they push these mobile telephones into their body orifices . "
Prisoner taunts
To combat this , visitors are made to sit on special chairs that scan people internally , he said .
Mr Straw also said there is evidence that the families of some prisoners have been involved in updating sites .
In one case , Nottingham gangster Colin Gunn said he could not wait to see fear in people 's eyes when he got home .
Care to sit on the Boss chair ?
Send us your comments Gunn , who ordered the revenge killings of John and Joan Stirland at their bungalow in Lincolnshire , used Facebook to let his friends know what was on his mind .
Jade Braithwaite , 20 , the killer of 16 - year - old Ben Kinsella , used the same website to boast he was " down but not out " .
He also said he wanted a remote control so he could " mute or delete people when I need to " .
Facebook later took down the offending page .
And prolific burglar Roy Boodle , 28 , taunted detectives for 18 months saying he could not be caught , but was eventually jailed for three - and - a - half years .
All the major social networking sites have policies to remove material considered to cause harassment or distress .
A Ministry of Justice spokesperson said earlier : " We recognise it is deeply distressing for victims and their families and friends and we have made it clear to Facebook that we do not think it acceptable or appropriate for such profiles to remain active , something Facebook agrees with .
" If material is considered to be causing harassment or distress , or constitutes illegal activity , Facebook 's policy is to remove the offending account . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CHICAGO — More than a century ago , this city reversed the flow of its eponymous river , connecting the Great Lakes with the Gulf of Mexico and defining itself as the can - do capital of the American heartland .
Today , that engineering feat is coming under growing scrutiny , as scientists and politicians intensify their battle against a voracious flying fish that has been traveling up the Mississippi for 20 years .
Amid signs that Asian carp have breached the last defensive barrier , calls are mounting for a massive do - over .
" We ...
Verizon Wireless and Skype announced today that owners of nine of their smartphones will be able to make international calls at Skype rates and call Skype users on PCs with Skype Mobile , a new application available this March .
BARCELONA Verizon Wireless and Skype announced today that owners of nine of their smartphones will be able to make international calls at Skype rates and call Skype users on PCs with Skype Mobile , a new application available this March .
" This is an app that has been built collaboratively between Verizon and Skype from the ground up , " said Verizon Wireless chief marketing officer John Stratton at the Mobile World Congress show here .
Skype users will be able to make unlimited Skype - to - Skype calls using their Verizon Wireless service plan and make international calls at Skype 's SkypeOut rates , which are much lower than Verizon's .
The app will run in the background , letting Verizon subscribers receive Skype calls on their phones as well .
Users will have to have both voice and data plans to use the app , but Skype calls wo n't use their voice minutes .
" With the always - on state , you 'll be able to make and receive calls in a very natural flow , " Stratton said .
This is n't true voice - over - IP the way most people understand it .
The Skype app will connect to Skype 's server using a standard Verizon Wireless voice call , and head from there via VOIP to the international or PC phone on the other end .
This ensures call quality , Stratton said .
" These [ calls ] are right on our primary voice network .
The call quality is terrific , " Stratton said .
Skype users will also be able to send and receive Skype instant messages and see their friends ' status on the network .
But Skype CEO Josh Silverman said he did n't know if you'd be able to IM and make a voice call at the same time .
For now , the app is exclusive to Verizon Wireless , though Silverman kept describing it as a " unique experience , " as if allowing for the possibility of other experiences on other carriers .
Stratton said he sees this app as appealing especially to folks who make a lot of international calls such as " recent expats and people with families overseas . "
Skype plans to provide flat - rate calling plans for a range of countries in the future , Silverman said .
Initially , Skype will be available on the BlackBerry Storm 9530 , Storm2 9550 , Curve 8330 , Curve 8530 , BlackBerry 8830 and Tour 9630 phones , as well as the Motorola Droid , Motorola Devour and HTC Droid Eris Android - powered smartphones .
Future plans may include integrating Skype into FIOS TV or integrating Skype into Verizon 's 4G LTE services , Stratton said .
" There will be an array of service and devices that will come with [ the LTE ] launch , " Stratton said .
" There 's exciting stuff that we 'll be announcing with our partners at Skype at the time . "
Skype is working towards a " full Skype experience , " which may include video and conference calling , Silverman said .
Skype will be able to show more features closer to launch , he said .
NEW YORK , Feb. 3 ( UPI ) -- A New York man repeatedly mistaken by police for a fugitive with the same name said legal action against the department has not stopped the arrests .
Michael Terry , 37 , said he was awarded a $ 120,000 settlement from the New York Police Department in 2005 after he was jailed for 28 days due to the mix - up with his name and that of a wanted Pennsylvania man , but he has been arrested twice since then due to the same name confusion , the New York Post reported Wednesday .
Advertisement
Terry said he was jailed for a week in 2008 on a warrant meant for the Pennsylvania Terry and a September arrest on the same warrant led to a strip - search and five days behind bars .
He said a second lawsuit against the police department is pending .
Theo Fleury has always been a controversial player , both on and off the ice .
Despite positive press and a comeback attempt that ended his career on a positive note this summer , it seems that is n't ever going to change .
From today 's entry in Fleury 's blog ( g/t Kent Wilson , of various sites ) :
Wow , what a year !
At this time last year , I was 45 pounds overweight and thinking about making a comeback .
HAHAHAHA !
Anyway , we put our nose to the grindstone and boy did we make a comeback .
At one hundred and eighty pounds , I finished 11th out of 56 guys at camp in the fitness test and scored a historic shootout goal in an exhibition game after being out of hockey for six years .
What does that say about the talent level in the NHL ?
4 points and a plus 4 rating in four exhibition games and I get cut .
What a joke !
Craig Conroy goes the first 37 games of the season with zero goals .
I wonder how many I would have had .
Even with all the stupid people that run the game of hockey , it ’s still a great game .
Go figure .
Anyway , then the book comes out and starts flying off the shelves .
The truth will set you free !
100,000 copies and counting .
Thank you for all your support .
Confidence is said to be a key factor in success , and it is n't surprising to see that Fleury is still brimming with it .
He 's certainly entitled to both a sense of accomplishment and belief in his ability .
It 's just a shame that he had to take those shots at Conroy and Flames management .
Fleury has done wonders rehabilitating his reputation , and that sort of pettiness can only undermine those efforts .
- Jonathan Willis , from Hockey or Die ! had that to say about Fleury 's diatribe .
And here are some of Theo 's predictions for 2010 .
Peter Cundall , the former host of the ABC's Gardening Australia program , has used the publicity surrounding his court appearance to accuse logging company Gunns and the Tasmanian Parliament of corruption .
The 82 - year - old gardening celebrity was arrested during a protest against Gunns ' pulp mill outside State Parliament last year .
This morning he pleaded not guilty to the charge of refusing to obey a police order to move away from Parliament House and now hopes to fight the charges in a test case .
Outside court Cundall was having another swipe at Gunns and the politicians who approved plans to build Australia 's biggest pulp mill in the Tamar Valley .
" When you get a situation where a major proponent of a major pulp mill can actually donate to the main political parties and then cooperate in preparing that legislation for Parliament and passing that through , that is corrupt and I 'm fighting against that , " he said .
Cundall is one of 57 anti-pulp mill protesters who were arrested out the front of Parliament House in November last year .
Several have pleaded guilty , but not Cundall .
He and at least 12 others pleaded not guilty this morning .
Their lawyer Roland Brown is negotiating with the police prosecutor to run one case as a test to determine the lot .
" There 's a lot of allegations about corruption in the pulp mill process .
There 's a lot of allegations about the relationship of the timber industry and the Government and Forestry Tasmania , and I can tell you that that is not part of this case , " he said .
" This case is going to be relating to the lawfulness of people being at Parliament House to protest , to talk about corruption like that . "
Cundall says he will be the test case and is using it to push his line that Gunns is corrupt .
He says the anti-pulp mill protest was peaceful and legal .
" We did not block any doorway .
We had done absolutely nothing wrong , " he said .
" We even placed little markers on either side of the doorway to make sure it was not blocked .
We were not intending to commit any offence at all . "
' No denial ' '
Now that Cundall has retired from presenting Gardening Australia , he is using his celebrity status to fight the pulp mill .
" It was corrupted because the proponent of the mill was allowed to help prepare the legislation to pass its own , to pass the legislation through Parliament , " he said .
" They were actually helped there with the parliamentary draughtsman and worked with him to prepare ... and as a result the legislation went through .
" Give the people anywhere absolutely no recourse to the law if anything should go wrong . "
Cundall says the proof that Gunns helped write the legislation is that they have not denied it .
" It 's been pointed out several times , in fact , they helped prepare and they simply have n't denied it , " he said .
" And just the same as many of the members of Parliament have not denied that their families have a certain peculiar interest , that 's another thing too .
" So here 's another - I keep saying and using the word corruption .
I use it deliberately .
Why has nobody sued me ?
" And the reason why is because if I go into court accused of calling somebody corrupt , I 'll be there with evidence to say this is what happened .
They do n't want that . "
Gunns is not commenting on Cundall 's claim that the company used corrupt means to get its pulp mill approved .
But under the law , Gunns is not able to take legal action against Cundall because corporations with more than 10 employees cannot sue for defamation . "
Look like banker
Copyright © Jacob Holdt 2016 ;
All rights reserved
California 's high speed rail dream
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
California 's high speed rail plan is eye candy for anyone who likes big , fast shiny things .
If built , it would connect Los Angles to San Francisco via one of the fastest trains in the world .
Traveling along its own separate track , proponents say the bullet train would hit speeds exceeding 220 miles per hour , stopping periodically to pick up passengers in a network of sparkling steel and glass stations .
Total travel time for the trip :
Just over 2 and a half hours - nearly twice as fast as driving .
Projected one - way ticket price : $ 55 - less than half the cost of a flight .
Last month the state came one step closer to building this mammoth project when it won over $ 2 billion in stimulus money from the federal government .
Yet the total cost of the system - which has plenty of critics - is expected to top $ 40 billion .
Some say it could be $ 50 billion or higher .
With California 's budget in shambles and the situation not much better in Washington , there 's at least an outside chance the rest of the money will never materialize .
The same could be said for a high speed rail project in Florida and planned track upgrades around the country that also won federal funding .
So what exactly is California doing with that $ 2 billion , and who 's making sure it wo n't be wasted on so many miles of track to nowhere ?
" Unless they go forward on a step - by - step basis , there is a risk this money will not be well spent , " said Emil Frankel , a former transportation expert in the administration of George W. Bush and now director of transportation policy at the Bipartisan Policy Center , a Washington - D.C. - based think tank .
California Dreamin'
Officials at the California High Speed Rail Authority are confident the funding will come through .
The plan is to leverage $ 9 billion in bonds California voters recently approved for the project to win matching federal grants worth some $ 19 billion over the next several years .
An additional $ 12 billion is expected from the private sector , basically up front investments from firms that build and maintain the train in exchange for long - term service contracts .
If the first phase is successful , there are additional plans to expand service to Sacramento and San Diego .
The first phase is supposed to be finished by 2020 , and cover its operating expenses once built .
" Clearly , there 's some will for this , " said Jeff Barker , deputy director of the rail authority , citing interest from corporate partners and voter support for the bonds .
" It 's not as risky a proposition as it was even two years ago . "
Plenty of critics disagree .
First off , the $ 19 billion in federal funds has yet to be approved - it 's contained in a multi - year transportation bill that many say stands little chance of passing as written .
Second , many doubt whether California could build the line it is proposing and , even if it did , that fares would cover the operating expenses .
Disputes have arisen with property owners over the track 's route , potentially forcing a slower or incomplete system .
That , along with a host of other things , may lower ridership , which is the main gauge used to project whether the train will be a success or failure .
If people take the train , it will make money and lower pollution and congestion .
If no one takes it , it will be a dirty , expensive waste .
" Ridership projections are absurdly high , so much so that they could well rank among the most unrealistic projections produced for a major transport project anywhere in the world , " said a lengthy 2008 study on the train by a consortium of taxpayer groups including the Reason Foundation , the Howard Jarvis Taxpayer Association , and Citizens Against Government Waste .
The report also talks about funding for the train .
" There are no genuine financial projections that indicate there will be sufficient funds , " the authors - longtime transportation experts - wrote .
" It is possible that the system will either be built only in part or not at all . "
Baby steps
Aware of these hurdles , both federal and California officials say there are safeguards in place to make sure the $ 2 billion is n't wasted .
The prime safeguard is a requirement that the stimulus money spent be " independently useful , " meaning that it will still do some good even if the high speed train is n't built .
The California rail authority , which has until 2012 to spend the money and has n't determined what part of the system it will invest in yet .
There are a couple of projects in mind .
One seems to be independently useful , the other maybe not so much .
The money may be spent on upgrading existing tracks between San Francisco and San Jose or between Los Angeles and Anaheim .
The upgrades could include electrifying the rails to eliminate slower , dirtier diesel engines , straightening the tracks to increase speed , or building tunnels or bridges for road crossings , which can raise speeds and also improve safety .
These improvements would benefit either high - speed or existing lines .
" That 's certainly dual use , " said Samer Madanat , director of the Institute for Transportation Studies at the University of California Berkeley .
Madanat also suggested the money could be used to better connect city transit systems with the regional ones , a signature feature of Europe 's public transport system that helps make it successful and one generally lacking in the United States .
After all , who wants to take the train to L.A. if you have to rent a car once you get there ?
But the money could also spent on a 100 mile high - speed test track in the middle of the state , especially if the environmental permits for the existing line work do n't come through by 2012 , said the rail authority 's Barker .
The test track would be built alongside existing freight lines , and improvements in the overall railroad bed may justify the " dual use " clause , said Barker .
The Federal Railroad Administration , which oversees the grant money , would only say they are working with California in developing an oversight plan .
" That would be a poor place to start , " said Berkeley 's Madanat , noting that high speed trains exist in many parts of the world and do n't need that much testing in the United States .
" The demand is very limited [ in the middle of the state ] , and where would those people go " with just 100 mile of track ?
Madanat would n't comment whether he thinks the whole system will eventually get built , saying it 's a political decision as opposed to a technical one .
Not that injecting politics into a debate about a project this size is a bad thing , he said .
" It 's not like we 're talking about changing the traffic light timing here . "
( … read in spanish )
Subscribe to Kurioso in english
.
Terezín was the nazi concentration camp located at Prague ’s outskirts .
The “ Lobby of the hell ” was the last stop for 150.000 Jews and 15.000 kids and pre-teenagers .
A woman – Friedl Dicker Brandeis– dedicated her time during the internment teaching stealthily art and paintingas evasive therapy for many of those kids .
Before leaving Terezín for going to her final destiny , she rescued 4.500 drawings .
These drawings were used as clues during Nuremberg ’s Trial , and they ’re an indelible sample of the horror .
“ Everyone was hungry ” Liana Franklová 10 years old .
Terezín
.
Friedl Dicker achieved that those kids remember through the drawing the life they were pulled out besides representing the sad and horrible truth of the concentration camp .
Above all , the kids could move their selves with the painting into a world of fantasy and imagination , where the good remained over the evil , there was free will and hope in the way .
Drawings representing their coming back to home , everyday scenes and desires of freedom are constant .
But Friedl Dicker respected the personality of each child and let them puke and open their imagination to the perceptions about the atrocity of the concentration camp .
Just 100 of the 15.000 kids survived Terezín after all .
Lots of the drawings have an excellent quality despite the age of their authors .
In fact some of them were renowned artists years later , thanks to Friendl Dicker Brandeis ’s work .
.
Helga Weissova. 13 years old .
She tells in this drawing how the Germans forced them to reduce the bunks , with the aim of trying to make the hut appearance less narrow and then cheat the Red Cross inspection .
Terezín .
.
Ella Liebermann . 16 years old .
Very tight , the jews from every part of Europe were sent to the death .
Bedzin ’s ghetto .
Poland .
.
Ella Liebermann . 16 years old .
Children were torn out from the arms of their mothers .
Bedzin ’s Ghetto .
Poland .
.
Alfred Kantor . 17 years old .
He wrote about this drawing : “ Touch the wire fence meant instant death .
However , people shared bread , a smile , a tear … ” .
Terezín .
.
Edita Pollakova .
9 years old .
The deportation train arrives at Terezin .
Edita died the October 4th of 1944 at Auschwitz .
.
Ella Liebermann . 16 years old .
Eating and soup distribution .
Bedzin ’s ghetto .
Poland .
.
Helga Weissova. 13 years old .
Drawing titled “ Terezín arrival ” .
Helga entered in the concentration field with just 12 years old .
She brought a box with paintings and a notebook .
She draw more than 100 paintings doing what her father told her : “ Paint whatever you see ” .
Here ended Helga ’s childhood .
With the responsibility of painting everything she saw and experienced .
She was one of the few survivors .
.
Helga Weissova .
The last drawing of her series , made at Terezín ’s exit in 1945 .
Everything can be sensed in the children ’s look .
.
Yehuda Bacon .
Being 16 years old he drew this portrait of his father recently gassed and burnt at Auschwitz .
The face of his father emerges emaciated through a curtain of smoke .
Impressive .
.
Link and sources
I came up with Terezín before watching the drawings of the Spanish kids of the Civil War .
I thought that the Holocaust should have its own “ painter kids ” and I found documentation about this here , here , here , here and here .
Friedl Dicker ’s history and lots of those paintings can be found in the book “ Fireflies in the dark ” and here .
Ella Liebermann and Helga Weissova survived the Holocaust and became famous artist .
Helga has followed the steps of her mentor – Friedl Dicker– and is dedicated to educate others about the disgrace .
Ella Liebermann continued painting until her death in 1988 .
.
See also from Kurioso :
- The man who smiled from the grave .
- Madrid , yesterday and nowadays .
- The odyssey of the Spanish tomato
.
Share this Post
Thanks to @eddiedean for translating this post
26 February 2010 .
Add latest exchanges with Network Solutions and Microsoft lifting of takedown notice .
24 February 2010 .
Add email exchange with Robert Quiqley .
Add second Network Solutions notice , Cryptome counter notification and Network Solutions email to Microsoft .
23 February 2010 Subject : DN : www.cryptome.org; Registrar : Network Solutions ; Host : Network Solutions - Demand for Immediate Take Down - Notice of Infringing Activity - MS Ref. 304277
Date : Thu , 25 Feb 2010 12:22:59 - 0500
From : " DMCA " < DMCA[at]networksolutions.com >
To : " John Young " < jya[ at] pipeline.com >
We would like to notify you that Microsoft has contacted us regarding www.cryptome.org.
Microsoft has withdrawn their DMCA complaint .
As a result www.cryptome.org has been reactivated and this matter has been closed .
Please allow time for the reactivation to propagate throughout the various servers around the world .
Linda L. Larsen , Designated Agent
Network Solutions , LLC
Telephone : 703.668.5615
Facsimile : 703.668.5959
Email : dmca[at]networksolutions.com _________ Subject : DN : www.cryptome.org; Registrar : Network Solutions ; Host : Network Solutions - Demand for Immediate Take Down - Notice of Infringing Activity - MS Ref. 304277
Date : Thu , 25 Feb 2010 13:09 - 0500
To : " DMCA " < DMCA[at]networksolutions.com >
From : " John Young " < jya[ at] pipeline.com >
Dear Ms. Larsen ,
You may know we are publishing our email exchanges to help readers understand the process .
Could you describe means by which Microsoft withdrew their DMCA complaint ?
Regards , John Young __________ Subject : RE : DN : www.cryptome.org; Registrar : Network Solutions ; Host : Network Solutions - Demand for Immediate Take Down - Notice of Infringing Activity - MS Ref. 304277
Date : Thu , 25 Feb 2010 13:24:52 - 0500
From : " DMCA " < DMCA[at]networksolutions.com >
To : " John Young " < jya[ at] pipeline.com >
We received an email from Microsofts counsel withdrawing the complaint .
Accordingly , we restored access and notified you of our action .
If you have any questions , please feel free to call me .
Linda L. Larsen , Designated Agent
Network Solutions , LLC
Telephone : 703.668.5615
Facsimile : 703.668.5959
Email : dmca[at]networksolutions.com __________ Subject : RE : DN : www.cryptome.org; Registrar : Network Solutions ; Host : Network Solutions - Demand for Immediate Take Down - Notice of Infringing Activity - MS Ref. 304277
Date : Thu , 25 Feb 2010 13:42 - 0500
To : " DMCA " < DMCA[at]networksolutions.com >
From : " John Young " < jya[ at] pipeline.com >
Could we get a copy of the Microsoft email ?
For the public record .
Thanks , John __________ Subject : DN : www.cryptome.org; Registrar : Network Solutions ; Host : Network Solutions - Demand for Immediate Take Down - Notice of Infringing Activity - MS Ref. 304277
Date : Thu , 25 Feb 2010 14:09:47 - 0500
From : " DMCA " < DMCA[at]networksolutions.com >
To : " John Young " < jya[ at] pipeline.com >
Mr. Young , Pursuant to your request , attached please find the email correspondence containing Microsofts withdrawal of its takedown request .
Respectfully , Linda L. Larsen , Designated Agent
Network Solutions , LLC
Telephone : 703.668.5615
Facsimile : 703.668.5959
Email : dmca[at]networksolutions.com
__________ X-MimeOLE : Produced By Microsoft Exchange V6.5
Received : from opsmail.prod.netsol.com ( [ 10.221.32.60 ] ) by nsiva- exchange4 .
CORPIT.NSI.NET with Microsoft SMTPSVC ( 6.0.3790.3959 ) ; Wed , 24 Feb 2010 22:47:25 - 0500
MIME - Version : 1.0
Content - Type : multipart / alternative ;
boundary = "----_=_NextPart_003_01CAB5CD.3E340480
"
Received : from corpcm3 ( corpcm3.mgt.netsol.com [ 10.221.32.102 ] ) by opsmail.prod.netsol.com ( 8.12.10/8.12.10 ) with ESMTP id o1P3lOsM023759 for < dmca[at]networksolutions.com > ; Wed , 24 Feb 2010 22:47:24 -0500 ( EST )
Received : from [ 10.253.64.77 ] ( [ 10.253.64.77:43581 ] helo=networksolutions.com ) by corpcm3 ( envelope - from < ecox[at ] cov.com > ) ( ecelerity 2.2.2.41 r( 31179/31189 ) ) with ESMTP id E2/39-15380-3C2F58
B4 ; Wed , 24 Feb 2010 22:47:15 - 0500
Received : ( qmail 23471 invoked from network ) ; 25 Feb 2010 03:45:41 - 0000
Received : from dchost2.cov.com ( HELO CBIEXI02DC.cov.com ) ( 216.200.93.137 ) by tip2.lb.netsol.com with SMTP ; 25 Feb 2010 03:45:41 - 0000
Received : from cbiexm02sf.cov.com ( [ 172.16.160.88 ] ) by CBIEXI02DC.cov.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC ( 6.0.3790.3959 ) ; Wed , 24 Feb 2010 22:46:57 - 0500
Content- class : urn:content- classes : message
Subject : Re : Ticket Number 1-452132847
Date : Wed , 24 Feb 2010 22:46:56 - 0500
Message -ID : <54F83DC1AC2D7443AA904FFD32E2DAA40877B437[at]cbiexm02sf.cov.com >
X - MS - Has -Attach :
X -MS-TNEF - Correlator :
Thread - Topic : Re : Ticket Number 1-452132847
Thread - Index : Acq06IFo420gHHQPThWg1v/l3yM7TAAAjYcAAABtzJAAABl6EAAAmcd6ADcZlUA=
From : " Cox , Evan " < ecox[at ] cov.com >
To : " DMCA " < dmca[at]networksolutions.com >
Cc : " internet4[at] microsoft-antipiracy.com " < IMCEAMAILTO-internet4+40microsoft-antipiracy+2Ecom[at]cov.com >
Dear Ms. Larsen : I am outside counsel to Microsoft Corporation .
I am writing to confirm my telephone message left with your nighttime operator at 7:45 PST this evening to withdraw Microsoft 's takedown request with respect to the file available at http://cryptome.org/isp-spy/microsoft-spy.zip which is the subject of the correspondence below .
While Microsoft has a good faith belief that the distribution of the file that was made available at that address infringes Microsoft 's copyrights , it was not Microsoft 's intention that the takedown request result in the disablement of web acess to the entire cryptome.org website on which the file was made available .
Accordingly , on behalf of Microsoft , I am hereby withdrawing the takedown request and asking that Network Solutions restore internet access to http : cryptome.org as soon as possible .
I can be reached at 415-640-5145 if you wish to discuss this request .
Sincerely , Evan Cox
Counsel to Microsoft Corporation Restored microsoft - spy.zip Microsoft Global Criminal Spy Guide February 20 , 2010 ( 1.6MB ) Microsoft Global Criminal Spy Guide Mirrors http://jya.com/microsoft-spy.zip
http://eyeball-series.org/microsoft-spy.zip
http://cryptome.net/microsoft-spy.zip
http://www.wired.com/threatlevel/2010/02/microsoft-cryptome/
http://file.wikileaks.org/files/microsoft-spy.pdf
http://downtr.net/find/microsoft-spy+zip.html
http://cyberlaw.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2010/02/microsoft-spy.pdf
Lawful Spy Guides paypal - spy.zip ( ok ) PayPal Spying Guide February 25 , 2010 ( 932KB ) myspace - spy.pdf ( ok ) MySpace Spying Guide February 25 , 2010 comcast - spy.pdf ( ok ) Comcast Spying Guide February 25 , 2010 microsoft - spy.zip( ok ) Microsoft Global Criminal Spy Guide February 20 , 2010 ( 1.6MB ) facebook - spy.pdf Facebook Lawful Spying Guide February 20 , 2010 aol - spy.pdf AOL Lawful Spying Guide February 20 , 2010 skype-spy.pdf Skype Lawful Spying Guide February 20 , 2010 cox-spy.pdf Cox Communications Lawful Spying Guide February 20 , 2010 ning - spy.pdf Ning Lawful Spying Guide February 20 , 2010 myyearbook - spy.pdf myYearbook Lawful Spying Guide February 20 , 2010 stickam - spy.pdf Stickam Lawful Spying Guide February 20 , 2010 usps- spy.pdf US Postal Service Mail Spy Request 1 February 20 , 2010 usps- spy2.pdf ( ok ) US Postal Service Mail Spy Request 2 February 20 , 2010 yahoo- preserve.pdf Lawful Yahoo Records Preservation Letter February 20 , 2010 cisco-spy.pdf Cisco Lawful Spying February 12 , 2010 3g pp - spy .htm 3GPP Lawful Spying and Security February 11 , 2010
microsoft - spy.htm Microsoft Lawful Spying December 26 , 2009 att - spy - doc-01.pdf ATT Lawful Spying Document 1 December 6 , 2009 att - spy - doc -02.zip ATT Lawful Spying Document 2 December 6 , 2009 ( 2.9MB ) verizon - spy.pdf Verizon Lawful Spying Guide December 6 , 2009 sprint - spy2.pdf Sprint CALEA Spying Delivery System December 6 , 2009 sprint - spy.zip Sprint Lawful Spying Guide December 5 , 2009 ( 600 KB ) voicestream - spy.zip Voicestream Lawful Spying Guide December 5 , 2009 ( 626KB ) yahoo-cryptome.htm Yahoo Cryptome Messages December 5 , 2009 yahoo- demand.pdf Yahoo Demands Takedown of Yahoo Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 yahoo- spy.pdf Yahoo Lawful Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 cox-spy.pdf Cox Lawful Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 sbc-ameritech - spy.pdf SBC - Ameritech Lawful Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 sbc-lea-spy.pdf SBC Lawful Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 ameritech - spy.pdf Ameritech Lawful Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 cingular- spy.pdf Cingular Lawful Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 cricket - spy.pdf Cricket Lawful Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 nextel - spy.pdf Nextel Lawful Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 pactel - spy.pdf Pacific Telesis Lawful Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 gte-spy.pdf GTE Lawful Spying Guide December 2 , 2009
This is temporary Cryptome address until the Cryptome.org domain is transferred .
Network Solutions shut Cryptome.org and has placed a " legal lock " on the domain name , preventing its transfer , until the " dispute " is settled .
Some recent files are available now and the full collection is being transferred .
Subject : DN : www.cryptome.org; Registrar : Network Solutions ; Host : Network Solutions - Demand for Immediate Take Down - Notice of Infringing Activity - MS Ref. 304277
Date : Wed , 24 Feb 2010 13:44:38 - 0500
From : " DMCA " < DMCA[at]networksolutions.com >
To : " Microsoft Anti Piracy Investigator # 4 " < internet4[at]microsoft-antipiracy.com > , < Internet1[at] microsoft-antipiracy.com >
Cc : " John Young " < jya[ at] pipeline.com >
February 24 , 2010 Mr. James Young , Internet Investigator
Microsoft Corporation
One Microsoft Way
Redmond , Washington 98052
USA Re : Claim of Copyright Infringement by www.cryptome.org Dear Mr. Young : Attached please find a Counter - Claim Notification received from John Young of www.cryptome.org on this date .
We note that pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( the  DMCA  ) we will reactivate the Web site following the allotted time frame ( not less than 10 and no more than 14 business days ) unless we receive notice of litigation .
Respectfully , Linda L. Larsen , Designated Agent
Network Solutions , LLC
Telephone : 703.668.5615
Facsimile : 703.668.5959
Email : dmca[at]networksolutions.com
Dear Ms. Larsen , My Counter Notification is attached .
Sincerely , John Young Subject : DN : www.cryptome.org; Registrar : Network Solutions ; Host : Network Solutions - Demand for Immediate Take Down - Notice of Infringing Activity - MS Ref. 304277
Date : Wed , 24 Feb 2010 12:54:41 - 0500
From : " DMCA " < DMCA[at]networksolutions.com >
To : " John Young " < jya[ at] pipeline.com >
Thank you for responding to the Notice of Copyright Infringement .
Please note that if you wish to challenge the claim of copyright infringement you will need to submit a Counter - Notification in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( the  DMCA  ) .
Specifically , you will need to comply with page 25 , Section ( 3 ) Contents of a Counter Notification .
I have attached a copy of the DMCA for your convenience .
Also , I would like to make you aware that in accordance with the DMCA , upon receipt of a Counter - Notification from you , Network Solutions will disable your site for not less than 10 days , nor more than 14 business days following receipt of the Counter Notification .
During this time , the complaining party must initiate litigation .
In the event that Network Solutions does not receive notice of litigation within the allotted time frame , your site will be reactivated .
In the alternative , once you submit the Counter - Notification , you may remove the alleged infringing material during the 10 - 14 business day period to avoid disruption to your services unless we first receive notice of litigation from the complaining party .
Respectfully , Linda L. Larsen , Designated Agent
Network Solutions , LLC
Telephone : 703.668.5615
Facsimile : 703.668.5959
Email : dmca[at]networksolutions.com
Date : Tue , 23 Feb 2010 20:32:01 - 0500
Subject : microsoft demands
From : Robert Quigley < robert[at]geekosystem.com >
To : jya[at] pipeline.com
I 'm the editor of Geekosystem.com , a site that covers technology and web culture .
I recently read the letter you received from Network Solutions via Microsoft , and have looked over the Microsoft guide in question , and I was wondering if you 've since heard anything about the situation .
Has Cryptome ever been taken down , and have you ever had to switch hosting services ?
How often do you receive similar threats ?
( Yahoo being the obvious , recent example ) .
What will you do if they take Cryptome down on the 25th , per the letter ?
Lastly , what aspects of the Microsoft guidebook that you published do you find most repugnant ?
I appreciate it , Robert Quigley
Editor , Geekosystem _____ Cryptome : Nothing heard since the Network Solutions notice which arrived about 5 PM today .
Cryptome was booted in 2007 by Verio for reasons it would not disclose : http://cryptome.org/0001/cryptome-shut.htm
The Yahoo threat is the most recent , but there were several while on Verio which it admirably resisted after hearing our side of the story ( ies ) .
That is described in the URL above .
If booted by Network Solutions we will set up elsewhere , arrangements are always ready for that .
Most repugnant in the MS guide was its improper use of copyright to conceal from its customer violations of trust toward its customers .
Copyright law is not intended for confidentiality purposes , although firms try that to save legal fees .
Copyright bluffs have become quite common , as the EFF initiative against such bluffs demonstrates .
Second most repugnant is the craven way the programs are described to ease law enforcement grab of data .
This information would also be equally useful to customers to protect themselves when Microsoft cannot due to its legal obligations under CALEA .
There are other means to maintain confidentiality of legal obligations as lawyers well know .
Claims of copyright violation is merely the cheapest and quickest way to coerce a service provider , no expensive lawyers needed .
And it is a cheap and fast way to hide information from competitors as Yahoo intended with its false copyright claim .
There are many firms with similar obligations to law enforcement who do not use copyright to hide the compliance process -- Cisco for one puts its compliance procedures online , as do others .
We think all lawful spying arrangements should be made public , not necessary the legally - protected information under CALEA .
Microsoft should join the others who openly describe the procedures , and just may do so if there is a public demand for it .
We would like to aid that demand by publishing and refusing to take down the document which provides very important public benefits .
Microsoft 's lawful compliance guide is one of a dozen or so ( below ) we have published recently and only Microsoft and Yahoo have behaved like assholes -- probably because they are more afraid of the authorities than they are of customer wrath , having been burned repeatedly for not being sufficiently official ass - kissing .
Quote me .
Regards , John Lawful Spy Guides microsoft - spy.zip Microsoft Global Criminal Spy Guide February 20 , 2010 ( 1.6MB ) facebook - spy.pdf Facebook Lawful Spying Guide February 20 , 2010 aol - spy.pdf AOL Lawful Spying Guide February 20 , 2010 skype-spy.pdf Skype Lawful Spying Guide February 20 , 2010 cox-spy.pdf Cox Communications Lawful Spying Guide February 20 , 2010 ning - spy.pdf Ning Lawful Spying Guide February 20 , 2010 myyearbook - spy.pdf myYearbook Lawful Spying Guide February 20 , 2010 stickam - spy.pdf Stickam Lawful Spying Guide February 20 , 2010 usps- spy.pdf US Postal Service Mail Spy Request 1 February 20 , 2010 usps- spy2.pdf ( ok ) US Postal Service Mail Spy Request 2 February 20 , 2010 yahoo- preserve.pdf Lawful Yahoo Records Preservation Letter February 20 , 2010 cisco-spy.pdf Cisco Lawful Spying February 12 , 2010 3gpp-spy.htm 3GPP Lawful Spying and Security February 11 , 2010
microsoft - spy.htm Microsoft Lawful Spying December 26 , 2009 att - spy - doc-01.pdf ATT Lawful Spying Document 1 December 6 , 2009 att - spy - doc -02.zip ATT Lawful Spying Document 2 December 6 , 2009 ( 2.9MB ) verizon - spy.pdf Verizon Lawful Spying Guide December 6 , 2009 sprint - spy2.pdf Sprint CALEA Spying Delivery System December 6 , 2009 sprint - spy.zip Sprint Lawful Spying Guide December 5 , 2009 ( 600 KB ) voicestream - spy.zip Voicestream Lawful Spying Guide December 5 , 2009 ( 626KB ) yahoo-cryptome.htm Yahoo Cryptome Messages December 5 , 2009 yahoo- demand.pdf Yahoo Demands Takedown of Yahoo Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 yahoo- spy.pdf Yahoo Lawful Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 cox-spy.pdf Cox Lawful Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 sbc-ameritech - spy.pdf SBC - Ameritech Lawful Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 sbc-lea-spy.pdf SBC Lawful Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 ameritech - spy.pdf Ameritech Lawful Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 cingular- spy.pdf Cingular Lawful Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 cricket - spy.pdf Cricket Lawful Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 nextel - spy.pdf Nextel Lawful Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 pactel - spy.pdf Pacific Telesis Lawful Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 gte-spy.pdf GTE Lawful Spying Guide December 2 , 2009 To ; " DMCA " < DMCA[at]networksolutions.com >
Date : Tue , 23 Feb 2010 19:36 - 0500
From : John Young < jya[ at] pipeline.com >
Subject : Re : DN : www.cryptome.org; Registrar : Network Solutions ; Host : Network Solutions - Demand for Immediate Take Down - Notice of Infringing Activity - MS Ref. 304277
cc : " Microsoft Anti Piracy Investigator # 4 " < internet4[at]microsoft-antipiracy.com >
Dear Ms. Larsen ,
My counterclaim is that the Microsoft document provides important information for the public to understand how Microsoft violates the trust placed in it by customers to protect their privacy and confidentiality of personal data and usage of Microsoft products .
Microsoft is improperly using copyright violation claim to conceal this violation of customer trust , a purpose not intended nor supported by copyright law .
The document will not be removed .
Sincerely , John Young
Cryptome.org Subject : DN : www.cryptome.org; Registrar : Network Solutions ; Host : Network Solutions - Demand for Immediate Take Down - Notice of Infringing Activity - MS
Date : Tue , 23 Feb 2010 17:05:51 - 0500
From : " DMCA " < DMCA[at]networksolutions.com >
To : < jya[ at ]
PIPELINE.COM >
Cc : " Microsoft Anti Piracy Investigator # 4 " < internet4[at]microsoft-antipiracy.com >
VIA ELECTRONIC MAIL
February 23 , 2010
Re : Potential Infringement of Copyrighted Material by www.cryptome.org
As you are aware , Network Solutions , LLC provides hosting services in connection with your Web site , www.cryptome.org.
We have received the below notice from Graeme Grant , Internet Investigator on behalf of Microsoft Corporation (  Microsoft ) , claiming there is content on your Web site that is infringing on the copyrighted material of Microsoft ( the  Claim ) .
Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( the " Act ) , 17 U.S.C.S. § 512 , and our Acceptable Use Policy ( the  AUP ) , we will disable your Web site on Thursday , February 25 , 2010 , unless the dispute between the Notifying Party and yourself is resolved .
We are not in a position to determine whether or not the allegations in the Claim are true , and therefore we take no position as to the accuracy of the Claim .
If you immediately remove the content that is objectionable to the Notifying Party , or you otherwise resolve the matter with the Notifying Party , and the Notifying Party confirms that his Claim has been resolved , it might not be necessary for us to disable ( or continue to disable ) the Web site .
If you dispute the substance of the Notifying Partys Claim and wish to provide a counter - notification pursuant to the Act , please provide any such counter - notification ( and the information required by Section 512 ( g ) ( 3 ) of the Act ) to my attention at dmca[at] networksolutions.com and we will proceed accordingly .
For your convenience , we have attached to this e-mail a copy of the Act .
Please direct all questions regarding the allegedly infringing material to the Notifying Party , who is copied on this e-mail .
If you are able to resolve this matter within the designated timeframe , please send via e-mail , being sure to include all involved parties , a notification to that effect .
Regards ,
Linda L. Larsen , Designated Agent
Network Solutions , LLC
Telephone : 703.668.5615
Facsimile : 703.668.5959
Email : dmca[at]networksolutions.com
From : Microsoft Anti Piracy Investigator # 4 [ mailto:internet4[at]microsoft-antipiracy.com ]
Sent : Monday , February 22 , 2010 7:34 PM
To : DMCA ; Abuse
Subject : DN : www.cryptome.org; Registrar : Network Solutions ; Host : Network Solutions - Demand for Immediate Take Down - Notice of Infringing Activity - MS Ref. 304277
Importance : High
VIA EMAIL :
Demand for Immediate Take - Down : Notice of Infringing Activity
URL : http://cryptome.org/isp-spy/microsoft-spy.zip
Case # : 304277
Date : 23 February 2010
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Microsoft has received information that the domain listed above , which appears to be on servers under your control , is offering unlicensed copies of , or is engaged in other unauthorized activities relating to copyrighted works published by Microsoft .
1. Identification of copyrighted works :
Copyrighted work (s ) :
Microsoft Global Criminal Compliance Handbook
Copyright owner :
Microsoft Corporation
2. Copyright infringing material or activity found at the following location (s ) :
http://cryptome.org/isp-spy/microsoft-spy.zip
The above copyright work (s ) is being made available for copying , through downloading , at the above location without authorization of the copyright owner .
3. Statement of authority :
The information in this notice is accurate , and I hereby certify under penalty of perjury that I am authorized to act on behalf of Microsoft , the owner of the copyright ( s ) in the work (s ) identified above .
I have a good faith belief that none of the materials or activities listed above have been authorized by Microsoft , its agents , or the law .
We hereby give notice of these activities to you and request that you take expeditious action to remove or disable access to the material described above , and thereby prevent the illegal reproduction and distribution of this copyright work (s ) via your company 's network .
We appreciate your cooperation in this matter .
Please advise us regarding what actions you take .
Yours sincerely ,
Graeme Grant
Internet Investigator
on behalf of Microsoft Corporation
One Microsoft Way
Redmond , WA 98052
United States of America
E-mail : Internet4[at]microsoft-antipiracy.com
Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) 4.pdf [ Omitted here ]
* Justice Dept confirms antitrust seed probe
* Justice Dept declines to name targets
* Monsanto had said it was a target
WASHINGTON , Jan 14 ( Reuters ) - The Justice Department has opened a formal antitrust investigation of the seed industry , spokeswoman Gina Talamona said on Thursday .
Monsanto Co MON.N had said earlier on Thursday that the department had sent it a civil investigative demand for information on the company 's soybean traits business after complaints that Monsanto was trying to limit access to push a new , pricier product instead .
“ The antitrust division is investigating the possibility of anticompetitive practices in the seed industry , ” Talamona said , while declining to discuss which companies were the target of the probe .
Seed dealers , Monsanto rivals and others have complained that the company was creating conditions , through contracts with seed dealers and other means , that would unfairly push farmers to buy its new Roundup Ready 2 Yield soybeans and away from the first - generation , lower - priced Roundup Ready beans .
( Reporting by Diane Bartz ; Editing by Tim Dobbyn )
The Operational Monad Tutorial
In this tutorial , I would like to present monads from the viewpoint of operational semantics and how it makes designing and implementing new monads a piece of cake .
Examples include a monad for random number generation and a breadth - first implementation of monadic parser combinators .
This article was first published in issue 15 of The Monad .
Reader .
Introduction
Another monad tutorial ?
Oh my god , why !?
Fear not , this article is aimed at Haskellers who are already familiar with monads , though I have of course tried to keep the material as accessible as possible ; the first two sections may serve as an initial introduction to monads and the monad laws for the brave .
In this tutorial , I would like to present monads from the viewpoint of operational semantics and how it makes designing and implementing new monads a piece of cake .
Put differently , s -> ( a , s ) is not the only way to implement the state monad and this tutorial aims to present a much more systematic way .
I think it is still regrettably underused , hence this text .
The main idea is to view monads as a sequence of instructions to be executed by a machine , so that the task of implementing monads is equivalent to writing an interpreter .
The introductory example will be a stack automaton , followed by a remark on a monad for random numbers .
Then , to showcase the simplicity of this approach , we will implement backtracking parser combinators , culminating in a straightforward breadth - first implementation equivalent to Claessen ’s parallel parsing processes .
For those in the know , I ’m basically going to present the principles of Chuan - kai Lin ’s Unimo paper .
The approach is neither new nor unfamiliar ; for example , John Hughes already used it to derive the state monad .
But until I read Lin ’s paper , I did not understand how valuable it is when done systematically and in Haskell .
Ryan Ingram ’s MonadPrompt package is another recent formulation .
To encourage reuse , I have also released a package operational on hackage which collects the generic bits of these ideas in a small library .
For convenient study , the source code from each section of this article is also available .
Stack Machine - List of Instructions ?
Our introductory example will be a stack machine , i.e. an imperative mini-language featuring two instructions push and pop for pushing and popping values onto and from a stack .
In other words , I have imperative programs like the following in mind :
push 5 ; push 42 ; pop ;
Instructions are separated by semicolons .
As shown in the following picture , this program first puts the number 5 on the stack , then puts the number 42 on top of the stack and proceeds to remove it again .
How can we embed such programs into Haskell ?
Representation
First we need some way of representing the program text , for instance as a list of instructions :
type Program instr = [ instr ] type StackProgram = Program StackInstruction data StackInstruction = Push Int | Pop
Our example is represented as
example = Push 5 : Push 42 : Pop : [ ]
In a sense , the colon ( :) for building lists takes the role of the semicolon for sequencing instructions .
Concatenation and thoughts on the interface
Note that this representation gives us a very convenient tool for assembling bigger programs from smaller subprograms : list concatenation (++ ) .
For instance ,
exampleTwice = example ++ example = Push 5 : Push 42 : Pop : Push 5 : Push 42 : Pop : [ ]
is a program that executes example twice .
Together with the empty program
empty = [ ]
concatenation obeys the following three well - known laws :
empty ++ is = is -- left unit is ++ empty = is -- right unit ( is ++ js ) ++ ks = is ++ ( js ++ ks ) -- associativity
which seem almost too evident to be worth mentioning .
For example , it is customary to leave out the parenthesis in the last line altogether .
Once accustomed to the notion of programs and ( ++ ) to combine them , the special case of single instructions and ( :) for sequencing them is unnecessary .
The user of our language does not care that we deem push and pop to be primitive operations but not , for example , the program
replace a = Pop : Push a : [ ]
which replaces the topmost stack element with a ; he is entirely content to be given two programs
push :: Int -> StackProgram pop :: StackProgram
and two general combinators for building new ones
empty :: StackProgram (++ ) :: StackProgram -> StackProgram -> StackProgram
without any mention of the distinction between single instruction and compound program .
Their difference is but an implementation detail .
Interpreter
Well , to be entirely content , the user also needs a way to run programs .
In particular , we need to implement a function interpret that maps the program text to its intended meaning , here a function that transforms a stack of integers .
type Stack a = [ a ] interpret :: StackProgram -> ( Stack Int -> Stack Int )
The implementation follows the style of operational semantics : inspect the first instruction , change the stack accordingly , and recursively proceed with the remaining list of instructions is :
interpret ( Push a : is ) stack = interpret is ( a : stack ) interpret ( Pop : is ) stack = interpret is ( tail stack ) interpret [ ] stack = stack
Oops
“ All well and good , but why all the fuss with ‘ monads ’ then , when lists of instructions will do ? ” you may ask .
Alas , the problem is of course that lists wo n’t do !
We forgot something very important : our programs are completely unable to inspect values from the stack .
For instance , how to write a program that pops the two topmost values and pushes their sum onto the stack ?
Clearly , we want something like
a <- pop ; b <- pop ; push ( a+b ) ;
where each pop returns the element just removed and the arrow <- binds it to a variable .
But binding variables is simply impossible to express with our current representation of programs as lists of instructions .
Stack Machine - Monad
Well , if ordinary lists of instructions are not enough to represent programs that involve binding variables like
a <- pop ; b <- pop ; push ( a+b ) ;
then let ’s invent some fancy kind of list of instructions that will !
The following presentation will be in close analogy to the structure of the previous section .
Representation
Return types
First , if we want to interpret pop as a function that returns something , we had better label it with the type of the value returned !
Hence , instead of a plain type
Pop :: StackInstruction
we need an additional type argument
Pop :: StackInstruction Int
which indicates that the Pop instruction somehow returns a value of type Int .
For simplicity , we attribute a return type to push as well , even though it does n’t really return anything .
This can modeled just fine with the unit type ( ) .
Push 42 :: StackInstruction () Push :: Int -> StackInstruction ()
Putting both together , our type of instructions will become
data StackInstruction a where Pop :: StackInstruction Int Push :: Int -> StackInstruction ()
If this syntax is alien to you : this is a Generalized Algebraic Data Type ( GADT ) which allows us to define a data type by declaring the types of its constructors directly .
As of Haskell 2010 , GADTs are not yet part of the language standard , but they are supported by GHC .
Like instructions , we also have to annotate programs with their return type , so that the definition for StackProgram becomes
data Program instr a where ... type StackProgram a = Program StackInstruction a
As before , instr is the type of instructions , whereas a is the newly annotated return type .
Binding variables
How to represent the binding of variables ?
Lambda abstractions will do the trick ; imagine the following :
take a binding a <- pop ; rest turn the arrow to the right pop -> a ; rest and use a lambda expression to move it past the semicolon pop ; \a -> rest
Voila , the last step can be represented in Haskell , with a constructor named
Then taking the role of the semicolon :
Pop ` Then` \a -> rest
The idea is that Then plugs the value returned by pop into the variable a .
By the way , this is akin to how let expressions can be expressed as lambda abstractions in Haskell :
let a = foo in bar < = > ( \a -> bar ) foo
Anyway , our motivating example can now be represented as
example2 = Pop ` Then` ( \a -> Pop ` Then` ( \b -> Push ( a+b ) ` Then` Return ) )
where Return represents the empty program which we will discuss in a moment .
Remember that parentheses around the lambda expressions are optional , so we can also write
example2 = Pop ` Then` \a ->
Pop ` Then` \b ->
Push ( a+b ) ` Then` Return
It is instructive to think about the type of Then .
It has to be
Then :: instr a -> ( a -> Program instr b ) ->
Program instr b
Except for the return type a in instr a and the lambda abstraction , this is entirely analogous to the “ cons ” operation ( :) for lists .
Empty program
The empty program , corresponding to the empty list [ ] , is best represented by a constructor
Return :: a ->
Program instr a
that is not “ entirely empty ” but rather denotes a trivial instruction that just returns the given value a ( hence the name ) .
This is very useful , since we can now choose return values freely .
For instance ,
example3 = Pop ` Then` \a ->
Pop ` Then` \b -> Return ( a*b )
is a program that pops two values from the stack but whose return value is their product .
The fancy list
Taking everything together , we obtain a fancy list of instructions , once again a GADT :
data Program instr a where Then :: instr a -> ( a -> Program instr b ) ->
Program instr b Return :: a ->
Program instr a
And specialized to our stack machine language , we get
type StackProgram a = Program StackInstruction a
Interpreter
Before thinking thinking further about our new representation , let ’s first write the interpreter to see the stack machine in action .
This time , however , we are not interested in the final stack , only in the value returned .
interpret :: StackProgram a -> ( Stack Int -> a ) interpret ( Push a ` Then` is ) stack = interpret ( is ( ) ) ( a:stack ) interpret ( Pop ` Then` is ) ( b:stack ) = interpret ( is b ) stack interpret ( Return c ) stack = c
The implementation is like the previous one , except that now , we also have to pass the return values like ( ) and b to the remaining instructions is .
Our example program executes as expected :
GHCi > interpret example3 [ 7,11 ] 77
Concatenation and interface
Just as with lists , we can build large programs by concatenating smaller subprograms .
And as before , we do n’t want the user to bother with the distinction between single instruction and compound program .
We begin with the latter : the function
singleton :: instr a ->
Program instr a singleton i = i ` Then` Return
takes the role of \x -> [ x ] and helps us blur the line between program and instructions :
pop :: StackProgram
Int push :: Int -> StackProgram ( ) pop = singleton
Pop push = singleton .
Push
Now , we define the concatenation operator ( often dubbed “ bind ” ) that glues two programs together :
(>>= ) :: Program i a -> ( a -> Program i b ) ->
Program i b ( Return a ) >>= js = js a ( i ` Then` is ) >>= js = i ` Then` ( \a -> is a >>= js )
Apart from the new symbol ( >>= ) and the new type signature , the purpose and implementation is entirely analogous to (++ ) .
And as before , together with the empty program ,
return = Return
it obeys three evident laws
return a >>= is = is a -- left unit is >>= return = is -- right unit ( is >>= js ) >>= ks = is >>= ( \a -> js a >>= ks ) -- associativity
also called the monad laws .
Since we need to pass return values , the laws are slightly different from the concatenation laws for ordinary lists , but their essence is the same .
The reason that these equations are called the “ monad laws ” is that any data type supporting two such operations and obeying the three laws is called a monad .
In Haskell , monads are assembled in the type class Monad , so we ’d have to make an instance
instance Monad ( Program instr ) where ( >>= ) = ... return = ...
This is similar to lists which are said to constitute a monoid .
We conclude the first part of this tutorial by remarking that the ( >>= ) operator is the basis for many other functions that build big programs from small ones ; these can be found in the Control .
Monad module and are described elsewhere .
What we ’ve done so far
Those familiar with the state monad will recognize that the whole stack machine was just
State ( Stack Int )
in disguise .
But surprisingly , we have n’t used the pattern s -> ( a , s ) for threading state anywhere !
Instead , we were able to implement the equivalent of
evalState :: State s -> ( s -> a )
directly , even though the type s -> a by itself is too “ weak ” to serve as an implementation of the state monad .
This is a very general phenomenon and it is of course the main benefit of the operational viewpoint and the new Program instr a type .
No matter what we choose as interpreter function or instruction set , the monad laws for ( >>= ) and return will always hold , for they are entirely independent of these choices .
This makes it much easier to define and implement new monads and the remainder of this article aims to give a taste of its power .
Multiple Interpreters
A first advantage of the operational approach is that it allows us to equip one and the same monad with multiple interpreters .
We ’ll demonstrate this flexibility with an example monad Random that expresses randomness and probability distributions .
The ability to write multiple interpreters is also very useful for implementing games , specifically to account for both human and computer opponents as well as replaying a game from a script .
This is what prompted Ryan Ingram to write his MonadPrompt package .
Random Numbers
At the heart of random computations is a type Random a which denotes random variables taking values in a .
Traditionally , the type a would be a numeric type like Int , so that Random Int denotes “ random numbers ” .
But for the Haskell programmer , it is only natural to generalize it to any type a .
This generalization is also very useful , because it reveals hidden structure : it turns out that Random is actually a monad .
There are two ways to implement this monad : one way is to interpret random variables as a recipe for creating pseudo - random values from a seed , which is commonly written
type Random a = StdGen -> ( a , StdGen )
The other is to view them as a probability distribution , as for example expressed in probabilistic functional programming as
type Probability = Double type Random a = [ ( a , Probability ) ]
Traditionally , we ’d have to choose between one way or the other depending on the application .
But with the operational approach , we can have our cake and eat it , too !
The two ways of implementing random variables can be delegated to two different interpreter functions for one and the same monad Random .
For demonstration purposes , we represent Random as a language with just one instruction uniform that randomly selects an element from a list with uniform probability
type Random a = Program RandomInstruction a data RandomInstruction a where Uniform :: [ a ] ->
RandomInstruction a uniform :: [ a ] ->
Random a uniform = singleton .
Uniform
For example , a roll of a die is modeled as
die :: Random
Int die = uniform [ 1..6 ]
and the sum of two dice rolls is
sum2 Dies = die >>= \a -> die >>= \b -> return ( a+b )
Now , the two different interpretations are : sampling a random variable by generating pseudo - random values
sample :: Random a -> StdGen -> ( a , StdGen ) sample ( Return a ) gen = ( a , gen ) sample ( Uniform xs ` Then` is ) gen = sample ( is $ xs !! k ) gen ' where ( k, gen ' ) = System.Random.randomR ( 0 , length xs - 1 ) gen
and calculating its probability distribution
distribution :: Random a -> [ ( a , Probability ) ] distribution ( Return a ) = [ ( a,1 ) ] distribution ( Uniform xs ` Then` is ) = [ ( a , p/n ) | x <- xs , ( a , p ) <- distribution ( is x ) ] where n = fromIntegral ( length xs )
Truth to be told , the distribution interpreter has a flaw , namely that it never tallies the probabilities of equal outcomes .
That ’s because this would require an additional Eq a constraint on the types of return and ( >>= ) , which is unfortunately not possible with the current Monad type class .
A workaround for this known limitation can be found in the norm function from the paper on probabilistic functional programming .
Monadic Parser Combinators
Now , it is time to demonstrate that the operational viewpoint also makes the implementation of otherwise advanced monads a piece of cake .
Our example will be monadic parser combinators and for the remainder of this article , I will assume that you are somewhat familiar with them already .
The goal will be to derive an implementation of Koen Claessen ’s ideas from scratch .
Primitives
At their core , monadic parser combinators are a monad Parser with just three primitives :
symbol :: Parser Char mzero :: Parser a mplus :: Parser a -> Parser a ->
Parser a
which represent
a parser that reads the next symbol from the input stream
a parser that never succeeds
a combinator that runs two parsers in parallel
respectively .
( The last two operations define the MonadPlus type class . )
Furthermore , we need an interpreter , i.e. a function
interpret :: Parser a -> ( String -> [ a ] )
that runs the parser on the string and returns all successful parses .
The three primitives are enough to express virtually any parsing problem ; here is an example of a parser number that recognizes integers :
satisfies p = symbol >>= \c -> if p c then return c else mzero many p = return [ ] `mplus` many1 p many1 p = lift M2 ( :) p ( many p ) digit = satisfies is Digit >>= \c -> return ( ord c - ord ' 0 ' ) number = many1 digit >>= return .
foldl ( \x d -> 10*x + d) 0
A first implementation
The instruction set for our parser language will of course consist of these three primitive operations :
data ParserInstruction a where Symbol :: ParserInstruction Char MZero :: ParserInstruction a MPlus :: Parser a -> Parser a ->
ParserInstruction a type Parser a = Program ParserInstruction a
A straightforward implementation of interpret looks like this :
interpret :: Parser a -> String -> [ a ] interpret ( Return a ) s = if null s then [ a ] else [ ] interpret ( Symbol ` Then` is ) s = case s of c:cs -> interpret ( is c ) cs [ ] -> [ ] interpret ( MZero ` Then` is ) s = [ ] interpret ( MPlus p q ` Then` is ) s = interpret ( p >>= is ) s ++ interpret ( q >>= is ) s
For each instruction , we specify the intended effects , often calling interpret recursively on the remaining program is .
In prose , the four cases are
Return at the end of a program will return a result if the input was parsed completely .
at the end of a program will return a result if the input was parsed completely .
Symbol reads a single character from the input stream if available and fails otherwise .
reads a single character from the input stream if available and fails otherwise .
MZero returns an empty result immediately .
returns an empty result immediately .
MPlus runs two parsers in parallel and collects their results .
A note on technique
The cases for MZero and MPlus are a bit roundabout ; the equations
interpret mzero = \s -> [ ] interpret ( mplus p q ) = \s -> interpret p s ++ interpret q s
express our intention more plainly .
Of course , these two equations do not constitute valid Haskell code for we may not pattern match on mzero or mplus directly .
The only thing we may pattern match on is a constructor , for example like this
interpret ( Mplus p q ` Then` is ) = ...
But even though our final Haskell code will have this form , this does not mean that jotting down the left hand side and thinking hard about the ... is the best way to write Haskell code .
No , we should rather use the full power of purely functional programming and use a more calculational approach , deriving the pattern matches from more evident equations like the ones above .
In this case , we can combine the two equations with the MonadPlus laws
mzero >>= m = mzero mplus p q >>= m = mplus ( p >>= m ) ( q >>= m)
which specify how mzero and mplus interact with ( >>= ) , to derive the desired pattern match
interpret ( Mplus p q ` Then` is ) = { definition of concatenation and mplus } interpret ( mplus p q >>= is ) = { MonadPlus law } interpret ( mplus ( p >>= is ) ( q >>= is ) ) = { intended meaning } \s -> interpret ( p >>= is ) s ++ interpret ( q >>= is ) s
Now , in light of the first step of this derivation , I even suggest to forget about constructors entirely and instead regard
interpret ( mplus p q >>= is ) = ...
as “ valid ” Haskell code ; after all , it is straightforwardly converted to a valid pattern match .
In other words , it is once again beneficial to not distinguish between single instructions and compound programs , at least in notation .
Depth - first
Unfortunately , our first implementation has a potential space leak , namely in the case
interpret ( MPlus p q ` Then` is ) s = interpret ( p >>= is ) s ++ interpret ( q >>= is ) s
The string s is shared by the recursive calls and has to be held in memory for a long time .
In particular , the implementation will try to parse s with the parser p >>= is first , and then backtrack to the beginning of s to parse it again with the second alternative q >>= is .
That ’s why this is called a depth - first or backtracking implementation .
The string s has to be held in memory as long the second parser has not started yet .
Breadth - first
To ameliorate the space leak , we would like to create a breadth - first implementation , one which does not try alternative parsers in sequence , but rather keeps a collection of all possible alternatives and advances them at once .
How to make this precise ?
The key idea is the following equation :
( symbol >>= is ) `mplus` ( symbol >>= js ) = symbol >>= ( \c -> is c `mplus` js c )
When the parsers on both sides of mplus are waiting for the next input symbol , we can group them together and make sure that the next symbol will be fetched only once from the input stream .
Clearly , this equation readily extends to more than two parsers , like for example
( symbol >>= is ) `mplus` ( symbol >>= js ) `mplus` ( symbol >>= ks ) = symbol >>= ( \c -> is c `mplus` js c `mplus` ks c )
and so on .
We want to use this equation as a function definition , mapping the left hand side to the right hand side .
Of course , we ca n’t do so directly because the left hand side is not one of the four patterns we can match upon .
But thanks to the MonadPlus laws , what we can do is to rewrite any parser into this form , namely with a function
expand :: Parser a -> [ Parser a ] expand ( MPlus p q ` Then` is ) = expand ( p >>= is ) ++ expand ( q >>= is ) expand ( MZero ` Then` is ) = [ ] expand x = [ x ]
The idea is that expand fulfills
foldr mplus mzero .
expand = id
and thus turns a parser into a list of summands which we now can pattern match upon .
In other words , this function expands parsers matching mzero >>= is and mplus p q >>= is until only summands of the form symbol >>= is and return a remain .
With the parser expressed as a big “ sum ” , we can now apply our key idea and group all summands of the form symbol >>= is ; and we also have to take care of the other summands of the form return a .
The following definition will do the right thing :
interpret :: Parser a -> String -> [ a ] interpret p = interpret ' ( expand p ) where interpret ' :: [ Parser a ] -> String -> [ a ] interpret ' ps [ ] = [ a | Return a <- ps ] interpret ' ps ( c: cs ) = interpret ' [ p | ( Symbol ` Then` is ) <- ps , p <- expand ( is c ) ] cs
Namely , how to handle each of the summands depends on the input stream :
If there are still input symbols to be consumed , then only the summands of the form symbol >>= is will proceed , the other parsers have ended prematurely .
will proceed , the other parsers have ended prematurely .
If the input stream is empty , then only the parsers of the form return x have parsed the input correctly , and their results are to be returned .
That ’s it , this is our breadth - first interpreter , obtained by using laws and equations to rewrite instruction lists .
It is equivalent to Koen Claessen ’s implementation .
As an amusing last remark , I would like to mention that our calculations can be visualized as high school algebra if we ignore that ( >>= ) has to pass around variables , as shown in the following table :
Term Mathematical operation return 1 ( >>= ) × multiplication mzero 0 mplus + addition symbol x indeterminate
For example , our key idea corresponds to the distributive law
x × a + x × b = x × ( a + b )
and the monad and MonadPlus laws have well - known counterparts in algebra as well .
Conclusion
Further Examples
I hope I have managed to convincingly demonstrate the virtues of the operational viewpoint with my choice of examples .
There are many other advanced monads whose implementations also become clearer when approached this way , such as the list monad transformer ( where the naive m [ a ] is known not to work ) , Oleg Kiselyov ’s LogicT , Koen Claessen ’s poor man ’s concurrency monad , as well coroutines like Peter Thiemann ’s ingenious WASH which includes a monad for tracking session state in a web server .
The operational package includes a few of these examples .
Connection with the Continuation Monad
Traditionally , the continuation monad transformer
data Cont m a = Cont { runCont :: forall b. ( a -> m b ) -> m b }
has been used to implement these advanced monads .
This is no accident ; both approaches are capable of implementing any monad .
In fact , they are almost the same thing : the continuation monad is the refunctionalization of instructions as functions
\k -> interpret ( Instruction ` Then` k)
But alas , I think that this unfortunate melange of instruction , interpreter and continuation does not explain or clarify what is going on ; it is the algebraic data type Program that offers a clear notion of what a monad is and what it means to implement one .
Hence , in my opinion , the algebraic data type should be the preferred way of presenting new monads and also of implementing them , at least before program optimizations .
Actually , Program is not a plain algebraic data type , it is a generalized algebraic data type .
It seems to me that this is also the reason why the continuation monad has found more use , despite being conceptually more difficult : GADTs simply were n’t available in Haskell .
I believe that the Program type is a strong argument to include GADTs into a future Haskell standard .
Drawbacks
Compared to specialized implementations , like for example s -> ( a , s ) for the state monad , the operational approach is not entirely without drawbacks .
First , the given implementation of ( >>= ) has the same quadratic running time problem as ( ++ ) when used in a left - associative fashion .
Fortunately , this can be ameliorated with a different ( fancy ) list data type ; the operational library implements one .
Second , and this cannot be ameliorated , we lose laziness .
The state monad represented as s -> ( a , s ) can cope with some infinite programs like
evalState ( sequence .
repeat .
state $ \s -> ( s, s+1 ) ) 0
whereas the list of instructions approach has no hope of ever handling that , since only the very last Return instruction can return values .
I also think that this loss of laziness also makes value recursion a la Monad Fix very difficult .
About the author
After some initial programming experience in Pascal , Heinrich Apfelmus picked up Haskell and purely functional programming just at the dawn of the new millenium .
He has never looked back ever since , for he not only admires Haskell ’s mathematical elegance , but also its practicality in personal life .
For instance , he was always too lazy to tie knots , but that has changed and he now accepts shoe laces instead of velcro .
The Smoking Gun ’s mug shot collection is divided into celebrities and civilians .
More than 325 high - profile perps can be found in the 11 categories at left , with one celebrity also being featured in the box at right .
Or just click “ All Celebs ” to see the stars on one page .
Below you ’ll find our constantly updated feed of civilian booking photos , each of which also lands in one of 24 categories at left .
These include sections devoted to the battered ( Ouch ) , pole workers ( Strippers ) , and fans of lower back artwork ( Tramp Stamps ) .
And , of course , “ Scarface ” devotees ( Pacino ) .
So as many of you are aware I ’ve recently joined the cult of the Pax …
Joe Alaskey , among the most talented voice actors in the business , impeccably recreates many of the original characters which the late cartoon pioneer Mel Blanc invented .
A natural mimic and gifted actor , his amazing " ear " for voices enables him to imitate almost anything ; including some of the most obscure show business personalities .
Joe is one ...
It ’s not just California .
AP reports that insurance companies in at least four states are raising their premiums for individual insurance policies ( those that people have to buy themselves , because they do n’t get coverage from an employer ) by 15 % or more .
To give you a sense of what we are talking about if these rates go into effect , a family of four in Maine ( which is a relatively poor state ) can expect to pay $ 1,876 a month–about $ 22,500 a year –for health insurance , starting in July .
And this is just the beginning of what we can expect to see pretty much everywhere :
ABUJA , Nigeria 
The circumstances of Acting President Goodluck Jonathan ’s accession to power are so odd that even he looks bewildered as he takes a self - effacing bow in this boiling , fractious nation .
He has not been elected .
He has not exactly been appointed .
He did not seize power in a coup , unlike many of his predecessors .
And as a mild - mannered academic in a black fedora , he seems an unlikely fit in Nigeria ’s tough - guy environment .
But his boss , President Umaru Yar ’Adua , is very sick , incommunicado for nearly three months in a Saudi Arabian hospital .
With no word on his return , the National Assembly last week promoted Mr. Jonathan from vice president to acting president , calling the move essential to “ peace , order and good government . ”
So it was that Mr. Jonathan , appearing before fellow West African leaders at a summit meeting here this week , bent his head , mumbled greetings and apologetically called himself a mere “ stand - in for President Yar ’Adua , who is unavailable . ”
So unavailable , in fact , that a National Assembly delegation inquiring about the president ’s health last week in Saudi Arabia was unceremoniously turned away .
How Fallout : New Vegas Got a Dose of Tabletop - Style Storytelling - IGN Unfiltered
CHICAGO – Dozens came together here last night to celebrate African American history month and renew efforts in the fight for equality , jobs and economic justice .
A delicious soul food dinner was a big hit , which included fried and baked chicken , black - eyed peas , macaroni and cheese , greens , sweet potatoes , corn bread and peach cobbler for desert .
Shelby Richardson , a leader with the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees Council 31 said , “ Black , brown and white unity has always been an important component in the struggle for African American equality . ”
The historic election of Barack Obama as the country ’s first Black president is a sign of the times , he said .
“ But we still face tremendous challenges . ”
As a probation officer Richardson said he sees how people everyday continue to face very tough circumstances .
He mentioned a young Black woman , that has struggled with a juvenile past and never graduated high school , recently came to see him .
She had finally gotten a job but after a background check she was eventually let go .
She was devastated and saw that job as her last hope .
“ This is why we have to support union jobs , ” said Richardson .
“ This is why we have to fight for equality . ”
The main event featured a live national broadcast of Jarvis Tyner , executive vice - chair of the Communist Party USA , who said it ’s time to step up the struggle against racism .
“ The reality is that too many people today are suffering nothing short of national catastrophe given the millions unemployed , ” he said .
Mass unemployment destroys society and the ultra- right and Republican Party continues to blame minorities and immigrants for the crisis , he said .
They believe people of color overspent which is why they lost their homes and that immigrants are stealing all the jobs , said Tyner .
“ And Wall Street wants the Republicans back in the drivers seat . ”
We ca n’t win this fight alone , he said .
“ A broad multi-racial united labor - led people ’s movement for jobs and economic recovery is needed now more than ever . ”
And the fight for socialism is not a conspiracy it ’s a necessity , he added .
Elwood Flowers , born and raised in Chicago , is a retired transit worker and veteran labor leader with the Amalgamated Transit Union .
Flowers said his calling was in the union movement to help working people fight for jobs .
“ I am a Black person living in this country in my late 70s and I consider it a miracle especially to know what my forefathers went through , ” he said .
Josephine Wyatt , founding member of the National Alliance Against Racist and Political Repression , said it ’s important to celebrate Black history .
She recalled years ago it was a struggle to get the month nationally recognized .
“ Without Black history month imagine how many people may never know about the contributions African Americans make to our society and culture , ” she said .
“ I ’m proud of our history and our African roots and the struggle for liberation against racism and discrimination . ”
Joyce Lightfoot , a veteran activist with the Communist Party in Chicago helped organize the event .
She thought it was wonderful .
She ’s concerned about the rise of at - risk children that continue to die due to increasing street violence in cities nationwide .
“ This is a systemic problem .
We should talk about it , come together , build coalitions and lead demonstrations to address it , ” she said .
Beatrice Lumpkin , a retired steelworker , labor and peace activist said , “ In addition to the excellent meal , and food for thought , tonight was an inspiration to go out and fight for equality . ”
The event was part of national pre-convention discussion series , leading up to the Communist Party ’s 29th national convention in New York City this spring .
For more information go to : https://www.peoplesworld.org.
Photo : Pepe Lozano / PW
A POINT OF VIEW
Britain still does n't seem to take a broad science education seriously when it deserves to be at the very heart of learning , writes Lisa Jardine .
The Royal Society turns 350 this year and the celebrations have begun already .
We British can be justifiably proud that this great institution has been a beacon for science since 1660 .
It seems timely , then , to ask ourselves why Britain still does not seem to take a broad science education seriously .
Whenever it is suggested that it might be in the country 's economic interests to invest more in a science foundation for education , a chorus of influential people insists that our traditional " liberal education " is under threat , and we are in danger of concentrating funding on less " humane " subjects like science and engineering .
FIND OUT MORE ...
A Point of View , with Lisa Jardine , is on Fridays on Radio 4 at 2050 GMT and repeated on Sundays at 0850 GMT
Or listen to it here later Last November the Business Secretary , Lord Mandelson , who oversees higher education , launched a new framework for future developments in higher education under the title , " Higher Ambitions : the future of universities in a knowledge economy " .
There would , it stated , be " enhanced support for degrees in the sciences , technology , engineering and mathematics , and other skills that underwrite Britain 's competitive advantages " .
" We must use scarce resources well [ the report went on ] .
In future this should mean more research concentration , especially in the high - cost scientific disciplines . "
A month later , universities learned that deep cuts were to be made in their funding to reduce the government 's budget deficit .
Alarm bells rang .
Lord Patten , chancellor of the University of Oxford , cautioned that a slimmed - down university must not be allowed to be " all about churning out engineers and biotech companies " .
Faith in science " There is the utilitarian case for higher education : but there is also a liberal case .
People say : ' What use is classics or history ? '
Ask Peter Mandelson , he and I both read humanities at Oxford , was it entirely worthless ?
A university degree helped us to think for ourselves , write decent sentences and stand up for our own opinions . "
Well over a century ago the country 's elite seemed more willing to pin their hopes on science education to enable Britain to compete commercially with the rapidly growing economic and industrial power of Germany and the United States .
The mathematician and moral philosopher , William Kingdon Clifford FRS , was just one of those who put their faith in science as the foundation of all that was good and worthwhile for the nation 's future .
In 1872 he summed up that era 's scientific optimism in a lecture delivered to the recently - founded British Association : " Remember , then , that scientific thought is the guide of action ; that the truth at which it arrives is that which we may act upon without fear ; and you cannot fail to see that scientific thought is not an accompaniment or condition of human progress , but human progress itself . "
Clifford was passionate about science
To clear - thinking , forward - looking men and women it seemed plain that " human progress itself " - civilisation and its benefits for mankind - depended upon science , and that new discoveries in science should be part of ordinary public discourse .
And this at a time when only a tiny fraction of those who had received a university education had any knowledge of science to speak of .
To quote William Clifford again : " Such distrust or dislike of science , then , as is to be found among us , is due to circumstances which are rapidly disappearing , to misunderstandings and imperfect training .
In the good times coming when there shall be no member of parliament who does not know as much of science as a scholar , all this will have changed . "
( I shall come back to that . )
Clifford was by no means alone in his passionate conviction that science was the key to the future .
In May 1870 the government set up a Royal Commission on Scientific Instruction and the Advancement of Science , chaired by William Cavendish , Seventh Duke of Devonshire .
It was given the task of consulting as wide a spectrum as possible of interested parties to find out the state of science teaching in our education system at all levels , and to propose far - reaching changes .
The immediate impetus behind what became known as the " Devonshire Commission " was concern among industrialists and manufacturers that Germany in particular was gaining a significant economic advantage over Britain .
It had recently completely overhauled its education system , introducing science throughout the curriculum and establishing specialist technical universities .
Inspired The Commission heard evidence from a wide range of industrial , educational and scientific authorities .
Its eight lengthy reports published between 1872 and 1875 , furnished voluminous evidence of the extraordinary inadequacy of scientific education currently available , the paucity of provision at Oxford and Cambridge , the poverty of the London colleges , and the elementary level of scientific instruction available in even the most advanced schools .
Facilities for science research , they reported , were almost non-existent .
The choice of William Cavendish as Devonshire Commission chairman was an inspired one .
A quiet , thoughtful man , who had distinguished himself in mathematics at Cambridge .
At the time the Commission was set up he had become one of the richest industrialists in the country .
In a science - dominated world , such a low level of scientific understanding among our parliamentarians is a problem .
By his own commercial acumen he had rebuilt the Devonshire family fortunes - severely depleted by his predecessor 's lavish expenditure on waterworks at Chatsworth .
It was Cavendish whose shrewd management and generous financing had driven the expansion of the iron - foundries at Barrow - in - Furness , and had established the profitable and effective Furness railway , which carried the foundries ' output to the coast .
Cavendish had first - hand experience of the need for a work force with a proper command of science and scientific reasoning for industrial success .
In 1875 he funded the building of the Cavendish Laboratory in Cambridge , thereby providing the university with a purpose - built research facility for physics of a kind which his own Commission would recommend as essential for a vibrant scientific future .
The appointment of Norman Lockyer as the Commission 's secretary was equally far - sighted .
Lockyer had founded the general scientific journal Nature a year earlier , embarking upon a lifelong campaign to promote scientific research and education .
His journal ( then as now ) was a conduit through which both research findings and opinion among British scientists could be formulated and communicated accessibly .
Lockyer saw to it that Nature kept the progress and findings of the Devonshire Commission in the public eye .
Lucid Among the Commission 's recommendations were : establishing properly endowed professorships in the sciences at Oxford and Cambridge , putting the London colleges on a more secure financial footing , introducing sweeping curriculum changes at school level to make room for basic science instruction , and a Ministry for Science to support the government .
This last might , the Commission suggested , simply consist of the Royal Society itself .
Had all these changes been implemented , it is quite possible that Britain would today stand head and shoulders above the rest of Europe in science and engineering .
So what went wrong ?
Changes were made , including the introduction of properly funded science professorships .
But the Devonshire reports ' bolder proposals for curriculum reform were never implemented .
In spite of the optimism of people like Clifford , Lockyer and Cavendish , opinion formers baulked at the idea of diluting a humanities - centred school curriculum which , they maintained , offered a proper " preparation for life " .
Science , they feared , might turn out to be a training of more limited scope .
Few MPs have higher education qualification in science I said I would return to Clifford 's dream that " in the good time coming there shall be no member of parliament who does not know as much of science as a scholar " .
In part as a consequence of the failure of the Devonshire Commission , that dream is still far from being realised .
Today , indeed , according to the Times ' science correspondent , Mark Henderson , fewer than one in five sitting MPs has a higher education qualification in science or medicine .
After the next election , he has suggested , there will be even fewer .
In a science - dominated world , such a low level of scientific understanding among our parliamentarians is a problem .
How are our elected representatives supposed to take informed decisions on complex scientific matters on our behalf ?
Remedial action is called for .
According to Conservative Central office , classes explaining scientific method and basic concepts will be included in the induction programme for all Tory MPs after the next election .
This is not a question of " either , or " .
William Clifford 's conviction was not that science would supplant traditional learning , but enrich it .
When he died of tuberculosis in 1879 at the tragically young age of 33 , he left us a lucid book on common - sense understanding of the exact sciences , but he was also a dreamer , and the bulk of his writing was on morality .
The introduction to his posthumously published essays celebrates " the daring versatility of his thought " , the " boundless range of his human interests and sympathies " .
Meanwhile I am still waiting for a visionary to come along , who can persuade us to put science where it deserves , at the very heart of education .
Below is a selection of your comments .
Surely the biggest problem with our education system is that we require students to specialise so soon .
Choosing which four or five subjects to study to A - Level you are encouraged to choose subjects that " complement " each other , so that a student interested in History is discouraged from also following up an interest in Physics and may even find that the two subjects clash .
This is the point where the division between the Arts and the Sciences becomes apparent .
Arguably we should follow the examples of America and France , where students study a range of subjects all the way through school and then continue this approach alongside their specialist subject at university , rather than picking a specialism at the age of 16 and having time constraints force them to stick with it for life .
Kate , Colwyn Bay , UK
The widespread lack of scientific knowledge amongst our politicians concerns me .
I do n't expect every MP to be a scientist but a few more with a background in science or medicine might be useful .
It would certainly help to avoid another ridiculous incident like the sacking of Professor Nutt .
If a substantial number of MPs understood the science behind his claims , they would have listened to them and acted accordingly rather than ignoring the evidence .
As for visionaries who can persuade us to put science at the heart of education - we already have those .
David Attenborough and Richard Dawkins have been telling us that for years , but unfortunately there are enough creationists and other assorted " Your science offends my beliefs " types to drown them out with their constant shouting .
Gemma , Reading , UK I always enjoy Lisa Jardine , but this morning especially so , because I direct the National Science Learning Centre and I too am passionate about the place of science in a broad general education .
Lisa is a little hard on the National Curriculum , which since 1989 has made science a compulsory part of every young person 's education .
The problem is that we still do not have a settled national consensus about what should be in the curriculum , and in particular how the curriculum can do two jobs : to inspire and prepare the future generation of specialist scientists ; and to provide a grounding in scientific literacy for all future citizens , whether or not they will take their study of science further .
The debate about how to reconcile these two rumbles on .
Sir John Holman , York
With the debate of whether Creationism should be taught in Biology it is clear that Science is held in extremely low esteem in this modern religion - biased world .
Three subjects should have priority above all others ; Mathematics , English and Science .
Stephen , Cardiff I think we should face the truth that science is inherently difficult to master , at least at any advanced level that is useful in the modern world .
This does not sit well with an educational establishment that needs to meet headcount targets for exam passes .
Neither does it fit well with our post - modernist , multicultural and rather anti-science society , where all points of view are ( subjectively ) considered equally valid .
In contrast , for science , there are objectively right and wrong answers .
Sadly , as this article shows , the UK has suffered from this anti-science attitude for generations .
Nobody so far has effectively changed it .
I fear we will soon be left behind by science - savvy nations of Asia , not afraid of the hard work and investment necessary to master and compete in the sciences .
Peter , Cambridge , UK
The problem is teaching sciences is made so incomparably dull by some teachers .
Your sat in front of a huge text book trying to soak in information .
My nephew actually came home and said " science is boring " how can a child say that science the driving force behind all innovations from the car to the computer is boring .
So my view would be to make science more appealing bring in more practical science for youngsters at secondary school to give them incentive to take it further and that a book does contain a lot of information .
But as schools are strapped for cash normally the first thing to go is " practicals " .
Andrew , Chesterfield I am just shocked how sciences are loosing the important place they had in UK .
I am from a poor country in Latin America where people hardly have access to education , I came here to study a PhD and I was fascinated for all facilities people have to learn lot of things , however , people ( mainly youngest ones ) are not interested of learning anything and still less , sciences .
I think the problem with visionary people is that they are refused by the groups in power because precisely they have a different way of doing things .
Having a visionary on sciences , politic or whatever other important place of society , it would mean to do important changes on the structure and functions of all a system which is not very welcome for majority .
Mary , Ascot A brilliant article , and one that has been a long time coming .
However , there is one very important point that is missed .
Science in the media is in as poor a state as science in government - Ben Goldacre sums this up beautifully in his book " Bad Science " , which I wholeheartedly ( and impartially ! ) recommend .
In an age when our Minister for Energy and Climate change studied PPE , when MPs like John Redwood dismiss scientific advice as " an extravagance " we desperately need a better level of scientific understanding in education , the media and in government .
Daniel S , Cambridge
Why do so few MPs have a higher education qualification ?
Is it perhaps that a scientific education teaches you to logically evaluate and debate facts to come to a considered conclusion ?
Sharing ideas and information is central to that , as is accepting ideas from others when they are more relevant than your own .
None of that seems compatible with politics and certainly not with party politics .
Chris Watts , Ashford , Middlesex
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
peter nasmyth unwraps Exhibit A with elaborate care : a Russian book entitled Deshevia Pastroiki : Dachnaya Arkhitektura – Cheap Buildings : Dacha Architecture .
Its pages are falling out , visibly eaten away by time .
He 'd found it 15 years ago in a second - hand bookshop in sub-tropical Sukhumi – once the Black Sea 's smartest resort , latterly the war - torn capital of Georgia 's breakaway state of Abkhazia – and it had cost him a dollar .
Then he tells me what he 's done with it : made a smart new English edition in facsimile – with the more explanatory title , The Art Nouveau Dacha : Designs by Vladimir Story , Published 1917 St Petersburg – and an accompanying exhibition of his own photographs .
" I just loved the drawings in the book , " says Nasmyth .
" I loved the fact they showed you how to build your own art - nouveau house .
And the book was simply going to disappear .
I showed it to my friends , who all thought it was great . "
For the next decade it sat on the shelf , but an idea was germinating .
Nasmyth runs his own English café - bookshop in Tbilisi , and had become exercised by the fact that some of the city 's loveliest art - nouveau buildings were going to rack and ruin : might the book be used to raise awareness of what was being lost ?
He investigated the possibility of its re-issue by some Russian publishers , but they did n't see the point .
" So I thought , OK , I 've got to save this book , so I 'll republish it myself . "
It was safely out of copyright .
One of Nasmyth 's architect friends , who had studied at Prince Charles 's academy , said that she thought the Prince would love it , so Nasmyth sent it to him .
At the same time , another friend suggested he send it to a leading modernist architect , so he did that too .
The modernist loved it , and immediately offered to write a foreword .
Meanwhile , news had come back that Prince Charles also wanted to write a foreword .
This presented an unexpected quandary , as the modernist regarded the Prince as being – architecturally speaking – the root of all evil .
The modernist crossly bowed out , leaving Charles to write the foreword .
All of which points to the particular appeal of this book .
Its arts - and - crafts ethos , echoing that of William Morris in Victorian Britain , speaks directly to our contemporary traditionalists , but its embrace of functional simplicity speaks just as directly to the 21st - century heirs of the Bauhaus movement .
Yet it was simply a collection of patterns .
Vladimir Story advertises himself as a humble " building technician " , welcoming orders for everything from technical drawings to construction work .
He 's the prototype jobbing builder , ready to roll up his sleeves and get his hands dirty .
The original book reflects haste : this was its second edition within the space of a few months , necessitated by the inflation which was starting to rocket as the Tsarist empire fell and prices spiralled upwards .
The simplest pattern in the book is for a three - room single - storey house costing one thousand roubles ( £ 14,000 today ) , with the most elaborate one – for an " English - style " house of three storeys with multiple verandas ( English style ? ! ) – setting the aspirational buyer back 16 times that amount .
In between come designs in wonderful profusion , reflecting a medley of aesthetic and national styles .
Some of these are Norwegian , some are French , and some Islamic , often with Russian - peasant design motifs woven in .
Many of the dachas have towers recalling those of Victorian English follies ; some designs , including a sun-hatted pergola built on a tree - stump , are delightfully off - the - wall .
If you want a " basic swimming house " with a " retractable privacy box " , Story is your man .
Or do you want a design to accommodate your servants and farm animals , but not in too - close proximity to your own fragrant quarters ?
Ditto .
And he 's keen to hear your comments :
" The author hopes that his esteemed clients will continue to send their queries , and also valuable pointers to any drawbacks they have found .
For their counsel , the author is always deeply grateful . "
Those clients would not all have been rich and aristocratic , though the dacha concept itself – the word means " gift " – goes back to the days when Peter the Great used to reward his faithful vassals with such houses .
Dachas became integrated into Russian family life in the 19th century , with all who could afford one having their summer home in the country : Chekhov 's cherry orchard was felled to make way for a dacha development , while all the great Russian novels were written in them .
At the time when Story was in business , self - contained dacha communities had sprung up along railway lines leading out of all the big cities , with their own concert halls and gymnasiums .
In Soviet Russia , dachas retained their centrality to social life , being a reward for party loyalty ; in hard times , people used their plots to grow vast quantities of fruit and vegetables .
In 1917 , Story 's book launched into what was in effect a vanishing world , since Constructivism drove out " degenerate " art nouveau in the Twenties .
Should we therefore regard its designs as unrealised dreams ?
Not at all , says Nasmyth , who is mounting the accompanying exhibition of his own photographs to prove the point .
He began looking for art - nouveau dachas in Georgia , and soon found some , many of them dilapidated but still inhabited .
Then he decided to search in the book 's home territory on the pine - clad outskirts of St Petersburg , and what he found was both remarkable and poignant .
Poignant , because many of the erstwhile dachas were just piles of ash – and fire had always been the great fear for dacha - dwellers .
But many of the ashes were from recent fires ; developers had bought the land , and simply cleared it to build blocks of flats .
" If there 's anything I can do to stop this beautiful piece of history from disappearing , I 'll do it , " says Nasmyth .
" But the clock is ticking . "
But he also found much to be cheerful about .
The surviving wooden buildings may now largely be inhabited by poor people , with car seats or a bath tub in the garden , but some have been immaculately restored .
Retro-chic is invading Russia as it is everywhere else where money can breathe new life into an elegant architectural past .
Some dachas still have their original stained - glass windows , or their Islamic eaves - decoration ; they tended to be well insulated against the cold .
He shows me an art - nouveau shop , just like its contemporary illustration , and puts a period photograph of a grand stone dacha ( with servants standing in front ) beside the photo of the same building today in perfect condition .
This unusual story has an equally unusual prequel .
Two years ago , in a bookshop in north London , Nasmyth found a Romeo and Juliet novel about an affair between a Russian and a Georgian , written in English by a Georgian in 1949 .
Nasmyth located the author 's son , got permission to reprint , and Timeless , by Nicholas Tchkotoua , was republished coincidentally with the outbreak of war between Russia and Georgia .
It proved a success , and has now been translated into three more languages .
With this new trouvaille , it looks like Peter Nasmyth is working his magic touch again .
February 13 , 2010 -- B.V. Dlamini , deputy secretary general of the Swaziland Federation of Trade Unions , spoke to London Student 's Ingrida Kerusauskaite about the way forward for Swaziland .
London Student is Europe 's largest independent student newspaper .
This interview is posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission .
What is the political situation in Swaziland ?
What does that mean to the citizens ?
The country is ruled under a dictatorship , where there is no separation of power : the judiciary , legislative and executive powers are all invested in the king , to the extent that the government cannot properly advise the monarch .
First they have to know what he wants to hear , and then they tell him what he wants to hear , not what he has to hear .
The distribution of resources in the country is very uneven : 69 per cent of the population live under the poverty line , despite the fact that Swaziland is regarded as a middle - income country by the international financial institutions .
There are also serious violations of human rights .
Swaziland has an international reputation of being an “ ideal tourist destination ” .
What effect does that have on the country ?
There are high levels of cultural indoctrination – where culture is used in a way to ensure the royal family ’s stronghold on power .
Moreover , there has been this misplaced self - congratulatory outcome where the rulers of the country say “ Look , people are coming to the cultural festivities , then that means they endorse in the way we are governing , they are happy with the way that the country is being governed . ”
While in other countries indoctrination manifests itself in political terms , party political ideologies , in Swaziland it is very strong in the cultural form – that we need to be seen as a cultural destination for the West .
In Swaziland , you can often hear , “ You are not expected to behave like this , it is un -Swazi .
Listen to your leaders , pray for your leaders , make sure your leaders do not have trouble in ruling the country . ”
I think it inhibits people ’s development .
I have n’t seen anybody who participates in the activities and comes out saying “ my life has improved ” .
People participate in these cultural activities not because they choose to , but because they are intimidated into participation by various fines and sanctions .
I know people who have had difficulties in accessing tertiary education institutions because the traditional chief ( of the village ) would n’t sign their application for a scholarship form , on grounds that they had not been seen in some of the traditional festivities .
They just say “ you are not an obedient citizen , we summon people to the royal calling , and you are not there ” .
I got the impression that you believed that only a democratic republic could significantly improve the situation in Swaziland .
Is that true ?
I think a democracy is fundamental to propel the country forward .
But within the context of Swaziland , we are calling for the repeal of all oppressive laws , the separation of powers , where the judiciary must remain independent , the legislature must be able to enact proper laws that would develop the people , and the executive must run the country .
We are not saying that the kng must be removed , he should remain as the unifying figure and play a certain role in terms of governance , like for example in the UK .
The king ’s participation in the day to day running of the country causes very serious problems .
Certain projects known as “ white elephants ” are very dear to the king , however destructive to the country ’s economy , and no one was able to stand up and protest against them .
For example we are currently building a big international airport , which we will not be able to sustain as there is not much air traffic into Swaziland .
Even now , with a small airport , we are struggling to get people to fly on the small jetstream plane between Johannesburg and Manzini , and we are building a very big international airport that will accommodate Boeing 777s or Airbuses .
So who is going to fund it ?
A lot of public resources had to be moved as no international investors were willing to invest in the project .
The feasibility of the project states very clearly that it will be a failure .
And that is just one example .
Right now the king has 13 wives .
I would n’t want to be seen to be criticising him for the number of wives , but for the expenditure .
It is becoming increasingly expensive , because each and every one of them is having a palace built for them , they all have these nice cars and escorts , they go shopping all over the globe – Las Vegas and Kuwait recently , Dubai , London , New York …
Just living a life of luxury , in the face of abject poverty .
At the end of the day it will only work against them , because people are getting angrier and angrier , as they are hungry while seeing these people living large .
I ’m saying that if we democratise the country , then all these problems of poverty , dilapidated health system , poor infrastructure could be solved .
We would be able to direct the resources to where they could best be utilised .
Swaziland is a member of the UN , has ratified numerous international conventions , but it seems to be abusing them ?
Swaziland is a member of the United Nations , and a signatory to quite a number of international conventions and international charters , but it violates all of them .
Even though Swaziland is always one of the first countries to sign any convention that comes around , it is also one of the first ones to do exactly the opposite to that particular convention .
You are free to associate as long as you associate with people that agree with the government .
You are free to express yourself as long as you say things that they want to hear .
The government has also signed the Internation Labour Organisation conventions on workers ' rights and trade union rights , and subsequently violated them .
Recently , the international trade union congress has issued a report on the southern African countries , stating that Swaziland is the worst violator of workers ' rights in the region .
A good example is the fact that village chiefs make their communities work their fields in the name of tradition .
The leaders own subsistence farms which require labour power , so they call the people of the village to do that work .
They do the work for free .
It is " tradition " .
From the trade union perspective , we say that this is forced labour , and the government says “ no , it is tradition ” .
We say that if it is tradition , then people must have a choice whether to take part or not .
It must n’t be a situation where those not wishing to participate are then punished – in the form of not being able to access certain rights and privileges .
What are the views , structures and objectives of the Swaziland Federation of Trade Unions , and why is it sometimes in conflict with the government ?
The trade union movement is actively involved in the pro-democracy struggle , calling for a multi-party democracy and a democratic constitution - making process .
We want a people - driven , people - centred constitution .
We advocate for the rights of workers , whose conditions are often unbearable : they work until they drop .
Some have even given birth inside the factories .
We believe that such conditions are abusive , in violation of workers ' rights , ILO conventions and human rights .
These rights are being violated by employers , with the assistance of the government .
When workers go on strike , the government sends the police to beat the hell out of them .
There are even cases where police agents were shooting the workers just because they went on strike , demanding better working conditions .
The government said that it was “ not going to tolerate [ strikes ] , because it will chase [ away ] investors ” .
What is the situation for students in Swaziland ?
How effective , do you think , would established links between students at British and Swazi universities be ?
The extent to which students are free in Swaziland is very limited .
They face legislative challenges , because it is very difficult to register a student union in Swaziland .
The country is characterised by immense poverty , which means that most people can’t pay for tertiary education .
However , there is a very limited number of government scholarships available .
The problem arises out of misplaced priorities , and in order to address that problem , we have to address the problem of governance .
Student unions are told to concentrate on students , not political issues .
There are also issues of academic freedom .
You ca n’t express yourself within the university while outside the gates of the university you ca n’t be free .
You should be able to publish your views .
But if those views are not favourable to the government , publishing them would be putting yourself in jeopardy .
Sometimes students embark on action , but they are beaten down .
The institutions themselves are a microcosm of what happens in the working class .
What impact do links between British and Swazi university students have ?
The Swazi students ’ plight would be heard by the British students , who can then advocate for the cause on other platforms .
Also , Swazi students are interested to know what students in Britain are learning , and whether it is similar to their curriculums .
We are not used to discussing the content of our education in universities , and we often wonder whether our degree is really what it takes to survive out there in the job market .
Students could share their experiences , compare similar degrees and broaden their perspectives .
Swaziland Democracy Campaign to be launched : ` The hour of democracy in Swaziland has struck !'
Sunday , February 21 , 2010 , will be a watershed moment in the struggle for democracy in Swaziland .
On that day , the historic launch of the Swaziland Democracy Campaign ( SDC ) will take place in Johannesburg .
Progressive organisations from South Africa and Swaziland will combine in the Swaziland Democracy Campaign to accelerate global momentum for democracy in Swaziland .
The launch will be preceded by a strategy development workshop , where a comprehensive program shall be developed to consolidate and advance the campaign .
At this time , thousands of people in Swaziland , and students in particular , have demonstrated their courage and determination and their willingness to sacrifice in the fight for their freedom .
By taking action , they have opened the eyes of the world to the royal elite 's scourge of legalised terror .
In the name of culture , and divine right , the royal elite have ruthlessly protected their privileged position while the vast majority of the population live in complete impoverishment .
The royal elite has used the tinkhundla system to spy upon and oppress popular and democratic activists throughout society .
However , in schools , workplaces , institutions of higher learning and communities , there is resistance , and it is growing , despite an escalation of repression and use of the notorious Suppression of Terrorism Act .
Following years of joint activities , marches and border blockades , the progressive movement in Swaziland and their South African counterparts have decided to take their co-operation to new heights , from the Joint Swaziland Action Campaign ( JSAC ) , which was created on August 12 , emerges the Swaziland Democracy Campaign .
The SDC is comprised of organisations involved in the struggle for democracy in Swaziland and in South Africa .
The campaign recognises and supports the democratic initiatives and efforts undertaken by trade unions , NGOs , church organisations , students and youth organisations , women and cultural forums , political movements and progressive forces in South Africa and globally to support the struggle in Swaziland .
The Swaziland Democracy Campaign will popularise an initiative to intensify the call to cut links with the brutal regime and mobilise practical support for the democratic movement in Swaziland .
As the crisis in Swaziland continues to its peak , let all of us vow to step up pressure on the ruling Swazi regime , and those who protect it .
The following documents have been drafted for consideration and final adoption at the launch ;
Draft public declaration of the campaign
Draft concept founding document
Draft Program of Action
A final list of speakers shall be made public soon .
Meanwhile , the organisations from Swaziland have confirmed their speakers as follows :
Swaziland United Democratic Front ( SUDF ) – Barnes Dlamini , chairperson
People ’s United Democratic Movement ( PUDEMO ) – Mario Masuku , president
Ngwane National Liberatory Congress ( NNLC ) – Alvit Dlamini , president
Swaziland Federation of Trade Unions ( SFTU ) – Mduduzi Gina , secretary general
Swaziland Federation of Labour ( SFL ) – Vincent Ncongwane , secretary general
National Constitutional Assembly ( NCA ) – Thulani Maseko , chairperson
Council of Swaziland Churches CSC ) – to chair proceedings
Meanwhile at least 20 organisations from Swaziland have confirmed they are coming .
The South African list shall be consolidated and sent out soon regarding speakers , as about 20 organisations have also confirmed their participation in the workshop and more than that for the public launch .
Details of the launch are :
Venue : Johannesburg Civic Centre ( Metro )
Time : 10h00
Date : February 21 , 2010 ( Sunday )
For more information contact Philani Ndebele +27 76 942 3565
Swaziland National Union of Students :
` We are members of the community before we are students '
Email : philani@asc.org.za
By Thabo Dlamini , Bheki Khumalo and Maxwell Dlamini
February 15 , 2010 -- The Swaziland National Union of Students ( SNUS ) want to convey our heartfelt appreciation to the many progressive friends of the Swazi students who have been issuing statements of solidarity to the oppressed students of Swaziland .
We are encouraged and our spirits are renewed knowing that the progressive world community is with us and believes in the correctness of our struggle against this undemocratic kingdom of King Mswati III .
We were not aware that our struggle had struck the right chord , we thought we were alone but today we know that indeed the world community of progressive organisations will never let us struggle alone and this has made us to struggle with even more determination .
We would like to single out the Swaziland Solidarity Network ( SSN ) in South Africa , the Congress of South African Trade Unions ( COSATU ) and its sister unions , the Zimbabwe National Students Union ( ZINASU ) , Trade Union Congress ( TUC ) , Denmark allies , and many other organisations that have helped profile our struggle .
Today comrades , we report that owing to the insurmountable pressure that the regime found itself under when it charged our comrade Sicelo Vilane , it decided to withdraw the " terrorism " charges against him without stating the reasons why .
Also , all our comrades that were abducted by the police during our last rally in Manzini were released without charge .
We do not believe that this was because of the benevolence of King Mswati III 's government , but rather to the pressure that you patriots of the world have put .
The SNUS would also like to tell the Swaziland government led by the illegally appointed Sibusiso Dlamini that the students are angry at the response that his government has given to their demands .
In fact , the response is nothing short of showing us the middle finger .
The government was given four demands but responded only to two and in the most sarcastic of ways without regard to the seriousness and urgency that the students view their demands .
The government has not even dared to respond to our concerns on free quality education for all students , as well as how it will register our union .
Instead the government has written a one - page responce in which it states that it will not address the issue of a personal [ monetary ] allowance now but rather talk about it once the scholarship policy has been passed into law .
It says that the present scholarship will be revisited and students will be " consulted " in due course .
Our problem is that government wants to pass the scholarship policy clandestinely and we wonder who will represent the collective interests of students if the government does not want to register the SNUS .
We have dealt with this government long enough to know its cunning plans .
We say today that we will no longer be begging the government to respond positively to our demands , we shall now be on the streets mobilising and organising until the government feels the heat and realise that we are serious and angry .
Our successful night vigil in Manzini deliberated and agreed that the problem in this country is not individuals that do not want to listen to us , but is the foundation on which this country is built .
Students realise that the problem in this country is a lack of democracy ; it is the lack of power for the people to choose the government of their choice , hence the arrogance of the present administration .
It was therefore agreed that the January 30 resolution must be reaffirmed and pursued to the bitter end .
Students also welcomed the formation of the Swaziland Democracy Campaign expected to be launched this coming week .
Such noble initiatives have unwavering support from the students and come at the right time when students have vowed to make this country ungovernable and Tinkhundla unworkable .
As students we have taken it upon our shoulders to ensure that democracy comes in our lifetime and we believe that Swaziland can no longer be an island of dictatorship in a sea of democracy .
Students will hold a rally this coming week as a build - up to this watershed moment in the Swazi struggle .
Lastly , the SNUS is expected to meet the South African Students Congress ( SASCO ) .
SASCO has a history of always being on the side of the oppressed , poor Swazi youth and students in particular .
Even at this hour of need , they have opened their arms and welcomed the students to their shores and to that we are more than grateful .
Our demands are clear
1 ) Scrap the scholarship policy .
2 ) Provide free primary education to all pupils .
3 ) Register the SNUS as the official voice of students across colleges and universities in Swaziland .
4 ) Increase our pathetic personal allowances .
[ Thabo Dlamini is Swaziland National Union of Students secretary general .
Maxwell Dlamini is the SNUS organising secretary .
Bheki Khumalo is SNUS president . ]
Science goes east ( Image : Guang Niu / Getty )
SINCE its economic reform began in 1978 , China has gone from being a poor developing country to the second - largest economy in the world .
China has also emerged from isolation to become a political superpower .
Its meteoric rise has been one of the most important global changes of recent years : the rise of China was the most - read news story of the decade , surpassing even 9/11 and the Iraq war .
Yet when it comes to science and technology , most people still think of China as being stuck in the past and only visualise a country with …
Be a part of DailyLinked World RSS Facebook Twitter Stay Updated via Email Newsletter
* Please do n't forget to click the confirmation link you 'll receive in your inbox just after submitting your email .
Or else , we wo n't be able to send you crispy updates .
Average of 4 out of 5 stars
In a contentious meeting attended by a half - dozen legislators , the officials threatened lawsuits , vowed to withhold local taxes owed to Sacramento and said they would shut down unfunded state programs -- including those aiding children and the poor -- if the " deadbeat state , " as one official put it , does not change its ways .
Fed up with what they see as a state raid on cash that belongs to them , top officials from a dozen counties converged on Sacramento on Thursday and warned that mutiny is near .
Their anger stems from money the state owes the counties but has delayed paying amid the ongoing fiscal crisis .
Some of that cash -- but not all of it -- could start flowing again if lawmakers pass a state spending plan in coming days .
State officials may continue to hold back some cash indefinitely .
" It 's incomprehensible , " said Orange County Supervisor John Moorlach , a certified public accountant , on the subject of the state 's action on county funding .
Turning to the legislators at the meeting , he added : " We are not the bank , and you need to find different lenders . "
Like students being scolded , some lawmakers sat slouched in their seats in the packed conference room at the counties ' Sacramento headquarters .
Riverside County Supervisor Jeff Stone said his county would consider issuing the state IOUs instead of the property tax revenue it is required to send to Sacramento , as well as shutting down some state programs .
" There will be no state programs provided by our county , " he said .
The officials lambasted legislators for dragging their feet on solving the state 's $ 42 - billion budget shortfall , which is forcing public works projects to shut down and social service agencies to borrow and use up reserves .
" We are fed up , " said Riverside County Supervisor John F. Tavaglione .
" You have truly lost touch with those you represent . "
-- Patrick McGreevy
This is n't a review .
It 's not even breaking news .
It 's just a reminder that someone somewhere is doing something awesome .
Advertisement
I 've been fascinated by the " Adspecs " since I first heard of them a few years ago .
The glasses have oil - filled lenses which , when adjusted with the attached syringes , allow anyone to dial in their own prescription just by looking at a chart .
( I 've tried to show how the lens work in the video above . )
Advertisement
This story originally started with a question :
Hey , did that project ever actually get off the ground ?
I 'm happy to report that it has — to the tune of 30,000 pairs of Adspecs already in the field around the world , distributed through a variety of aid organizations .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
For the last few weeks , I 've been speaking to the Centre for Vision in the Develop World 's Owen Reading about where the project is going .
It does n't hurt he 's a Gizmodo reader .
( Hi , Owen ! )
He explained why the Adspecs are such a good solution for developing economies .
" They require very little training to dispense , can be dispensed by an organisation 's volunteers in the field , they only need to be delivered once and can make a difference for years afterwards , and are inherently safer ( and less valuable on the black market ) than items such as prescription medications . "
Advertisement
The Adspecs are n't perfect .
The sample pair I was given were an older design with a cranky hinge .
It popped right apart when I put them on my huge head .
It 's nothing a little superglue can't fix , but thankfully a stronger design is already being distributed in the field .
Adspecs are undergoing constant iterative improvement .
Advertisement
One of those improvements is price :
The current version of the Adspecs still cost nearly $ 20 a pop to produce — a bargain considering they come with a self - administered eye exam built right in , but not as close to the $ 1 - a - pair goal set by the project 's founder and director , Josh Silver .
It 's the sort of mixture of charity and innovation that makes my heart leap , an opportunity to use the mass production and design capabilities of the developed world to provide a life - changing solution to those who need it — without making those who receive aid dependent on someone else for continued support .
Advertisement
This wo n't be the last you 'll see of the Adspecs here on Gizmodo , especially if you 've got a notion to donate to the project or their distribution partners .
Among all the widgets - of - the - day , the tablets and phones and mail - order furniture , it 's easy to forget how technology can make such a profound difference in people 's lives .
So let 's not forget .
Advertisement
Background music by a band I suspect most of you will really enjoy , The Depreciation Guild , a Brooklyn - based band that combine an NES with really lovely shoegaze guitar .
In fact , here 's their latest single embedded below .
My LEGO computer at work
I 've finally got around to working on my computer case made out of Lego .
I left the metal case on and made a cover for the sides , top , and front , so it can be removed to work on the computer .
Here is the side , with the Netscape logo on it .
I still need a few more large blue 6xN plates to finish covering the top , and need to finish lengthening the hidden side .
Voici une application que je trouve bien pratique : Goggles .
Cette application permet de prendre un texte en photo et de voir sa traduction s’afficher aussitôt .
Par exemple , vous êtes dans la rue , dans un pays dont vous ne connaissez pas la langue et vous souhaitez vous repérer ( on va dire chercher la gare ) , grâce à ça vous pourrez lire les panneaux que vous croiserez et ainsi repérer la gare .
Cette application tourne sous Android et fonctionne grâce à la reconnaissance des images mélangée avec l’outil de traduction de Google .
Pour le moment ce n’est encore qu’un prototype et elle n’est pas prête à être diffusée mais , pour moi , cette application est véritablement utile .
A terme , l’application devrait permettre de faire la traduction entre les 52 langues présentes dans Google Traduction .
Voici une vidéo présentant le fonctionnement de l’application :
Vidéo visible sur le blog
[ via Pocket - Lint ]
We offer flexibility in serving our clients to best serve their needs .
Fitness Management & Consulting specializes in helping current owners and future owners of gyms , fitness centers , health clubs and multi-purpose athletic clubs to find solutions with how to open a new gym .
gym start up , billing and collection , real estate site selection and lease negotiation , broker services , fitness center sales , consulting and troubleshooting , health club promotion , fitness center advertising , gym equipment and flooring , and AED’s .
We welcome the opportunity to meet with current and potential club operators and investors to discuss how we may be of service to them .
Call ( 800 ) 929-2898 or E- MAIL US for more information !
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Coast Guard footage shows a massive plume of water rising out of the sea on Wednesday , near the Japanese island of Iwo Jima .
The eruption of spray and smoke is thought to have been caused by an underwater volcanic eruption .
Pictures Courtesy Japan Coastguard / Tokyo TV
The big theme at CES this year is 3D .
At Sony 's press conference this evening , the electronics giant announced substantial plans to invest in 3D technology , from creating 3D - ready televisions to developing 3D channels with partners like IMAX .
PlayStation is a major component of Sony 's 3D plans , too , further expanding on the promise of 3D gaming that Sony offered at CES in 2009 .
Just as the PlayStation 3 was Sony 's best weapon in the format war between Blu-ray and HD - DVD , Sony sees the PS3 as the best angle for establishing 3D as a standard .
According to Sony at tonight 's conference , every single PS3 can be upgraded via a firmware update to support 3D content , either games , video downloads , or 3D Blu-ray .
Daily Fix Video January 7 , 2010
This news and more in the Daily Fix . - Natal Gets Holiday Release
- Retro Arcade Comes to 360 , PC
- Sony CES Announcements
- Halo Legends Dated
Fundraise to Save Lives
American Cancer Society fundraising events are inspiring and uplifting ways to save lives wherever you are .
From black - tie galas to full - length marathons , we have an event that will suit your interests as we work together to free the world from cancer .
Brad Friedman Byon 2/10/2010 , 11:55 am PT
Some folks have been ringing in on my exclusive yesterday on the embarrassing emails from Greg Brock , the NYTimes ' Senior Editor of Standards , explaining why the once - great " paper of record " stands behind its gross misreporting on rightwing operative and accused federal felon , James O'Keefe as having " posed " as a pimp inside ACORN offices when he secretly made his highly - edited and apparently illegally - recorded hit videos --- since all public evidence shows that he was never dressed as a pimp in those offices !
I expect to have an official statement from ACORN soon on the Times ' disastrous reporting of this key and oft - repeated element of O'Keefe 's scam , as well as on Brock 's extraordinary excuses for it ( quickly summarized below ) .
[ Update : ACORN 's statement is now covered here ...]
Until then , please see Marcy Wheeler of Emptywheel 's quick take on the story : " NYT Thinks TeaBugger James O'Keefe Entitled to Own Set of Facts , " as well as Eric Boehlert 's over at Media Matters : " I 'm not sure ' standards ' means what the NYT thinks it does "
Also , I appeared on the Randi Rhodes Show yesterday ( Randi was snowed in , so Nicole Sandler of Radio or Not was guest - hosting ) to discuss this mind - blowing matter .
You can download the interview here [ MP3 ] , or listen online ( appx 15 mins ) here :
For those who did n't get the time to read yesterday 's lengthy , detailed story , which includes the amazing , complete email thread with the Times ' veteran Senior Editor of Standards ( ! ) who , in 2007 , after working for the paper since 1995 , identified himself as the " senior editor who oversees corrections , " here 's my best attempt at the very quickest of summaries of those remarkable emails ...
According to the December 7th , 2009 report [ PDF ] from former MA Attorney General Scott Harshbarger finding no wrong doing by ACORN employees : " Although Mr. O'Keefe appeared in all videos dressed as a pimp , in fact , when he appeared at each and every office , he was dressed like a college student - in slacks and a button down shirt . "
Since the release of that independent study --- which the New York Times has never reported on --- they 've run at least eight stories suggesting the fiction that O'Keefe was dressed as a pimp in the ACORN offices --- and God are n't those stupid ACORN employees idiots , who should n't receive any federal money to help poor people because they 're just so dumb they could n't recognize a phony pimp ?
Yet , Times ' Senior Editor for Standards Greg Brock , explains in the emails that no correction is due because :
Fox and O'Keefe said he was dressed that way on live TV , so " We believe him . "
And , after being called on that absurd sourcing , the other reason is because : " At one point , the camera was turned in such a way to catch part of the ' costume ' he was wearing . "
( But no , he wo n't point us to that video he says exists , because " I did not say that we saw the video online or that it ever was online .
...
Many of our reporters have done a great deal of reporting on Acorn over a good period of time .
And through that reporting --- whether it was watching videos , interviewing sources ( who would not always go on the record ) or doing other research --- we feel we have confirmed the information we reported .
Just because I am not willing to give you a link --- or do n't even have a link --- does n't mean our reporting is in error . )
( )
And furthermore , he writes : " ACORN employees who saw him described his costume . "
( But no , he wo n't point us those descriptions either when pressed for them , because " On my reference to comments by ACORN employees , I made that point ... based on my having read ad naseum [ sic ] about this case for months on end .
I was not saying that the specific comment about ' dressed as a pimp ' was from our interviews with ACORN employees .
But others have reported such comments . "
Though he wo n't tell us when or where , of course . )
( )
And , oh , he did n't really say most of the above , we were later informed , even though he did , but it did n't mean what we think we thought it meant , etc .
But in any case " We stand by our reporting " because " We believe him .
Therefore there is nothing for us to correct . "
If you 've yet to read the full story , with much more info , including why none of this is a small matter , it may blow your mind .
As it did mine .
Among those who have not yet rung in on this shameful affair is the NYTimes Public Editor Clark Hoyt ( Public@NYTimes.com ) who wrote in a column last September --- after much badgering from rightwing Fox " News " viewers and Andrew Breitbart followers ( he 's the rightwing media mogul / propagandist who published the grossly misleading video tapes under the title : " ACORN Child Prostitution Investigation " ) --- that the Times was " slow off the mark " in waiting " nearly a week after the first video was posted " before reporting on it .
He concurred with Managing Editor for News , Jill Abramson , who blamed " insufficient tuned - in - ness to the issues that are dominating Fox News and talk radio " for those supposed failures .
In that column , Hoyt himself mischaracterized the videos as having " caught Acorn workers counseling a bogus prostitute and pimp on how to set up a brothel staffed by under - age girls , avoid detection and cheat on taxes . "
Though he can , perhaps , be forgiven there , given that Harshbarger 's report had not yet come out confirming that O'Keefe neither dressed as a pimp , nor represented himself as such .
Rather , O'Keefe told ACORN workers that he was a college student considering a run for Congress someday , and was hoping to help the prostitute actually escape from an abusive pimp .
There is , however , no excuse for the Times having misreported those points at least eight times since the December 7th Harshbarger report , and certainly no excuse for their Senior Editor for Standards first taking Fox " News " and O'Keefe at their word , and then , when called on it , offering two dubious and so far wholly unverifiable points to back up the misleading reporting .
I remain hopeful that Hoyt will have something to say in this matter where clearly aggressive and loud corrections , retractions , and possibly even personnel changes , are called for .
Also not responding or calling for retractions from the Times on this is Breitbart , naturally .
That , even though he has loudly demanded retractions and corrections for just about any significant or insignificant error --- or " journalistic malpractice " as he likes to call it --- he is able to find from outlets he views as enemies .
Though wingnut and Fox " News " - friendly outlets such as the NYPost or National Review and Fox themselves are usually exempt from such self - righteous , self - serving , hypocritical calls for retractions , even when they get the very same story wrong as those he demands retractions from , you 'd think he 'd demand a retraction from his enemies at the NYTimes over this , no ?
Oh , right , the " journalistic malpractice " in this case works in his favor , so he disingenuously has n't said a word to his followers about it at all .
Go figure .
O'Keefe , as Breitbart has noted , is his salaried employee .
( Feel free to ask him why that is on Twitter @AndrewBreitbart , if you like .
He reads his Twitter feed closely . )
More on all of this , including reaction from ACORN , soon ...
UPDATE 8:24 pm PT : ACORN calls emails from Times Senior Editor " troubling and disturbing " , seeks meeting with NYT Public Editor .
Details now here ...
UPDATE 2/11/10 , 4:25 pm PT : Rightwing blogger attacks both us , and our coverage .
Swings and misses on both counts ...
UPDATE 2/17/10 : " Breitbart Lied About ACORN ' Pimp ' Videos When Selling Story in His Own Washington Times Column " .
Full details ...
UPDATE 2/19/10 : Giles Admits O'Keefe , Breitbart ACORN ' Pimp ' Story was a Lie : ' It Was B - Roll , Purely B - Roll ' .
Woman who posed as prostitute confirms repeated misreporting by NYTimes , many others .
Full details ...
UPDATE 2/21/10 : " In CPAC Meltdown , Breitbart Forced to ' Apologize ' for ' Apparently ' Lying About ACORN ' Pimp ' Story " .
Full details ...
UPDATE 2/23/10 : " Exclusive : NYTimes Public Editor Declines to Recommend Retraction for Multiple Erroneous Reports on False ACORN ' Pimp ' Story " Full story , Hoyt 's emails ...
UPDATE 2/24/10 : Hoyt responds to our on his emails and accuses
The BRAD BLOG of having a " political agenda " on par with O'Keefe and Breitbart .
Also , blogosphere issues blistering response , petition , call for Hoyt to step down .
Full details , Hoyt 's email response , right here ...
* * *
The BRAD BLOG covers your electoral system fiercely and independently , like no other media outlet in the nation .
Please support our work with a donation to help us keep going ( Snail mail , more options here ) .
If you like , we 'll send you some great , award - winning election integrity documentary films in return !
Details right here ...
Imagine this .
You are a woman born and brought up in Kenya .
Kenya is the only home you have ever known .
You believe yourself to be Kenyan .
But , when you apply for your passport , you have to prove not only your birth here ” ” but your descent from or marriage to a Kenyan man .
You realise , for the first time , that your citizenship , which you had always taken for granted ” ” the means through which you access all facets of the state ( such as they are ) ” ” is wholly dependent on your relationship to Kenyan men .
Or this .
You are the same woman .
You meet , like , love , decide to marry somebody who is not Kenyan .
You make the decision , as a couple , to stay in Kenya .
But you cannot extend your citizenship to him .
His stay here is dependent on entry permits ” ” tedious renewals every two years , which could be easily denied should the Department of Immigration decide that he is doing here what any Kenyan could and should do instead .
You eventually have children with him .
Your children are born and brought up here .
But , when you apply for their passports , you discover that they have no rights to Kenyan citizenship at all .
Rendering their life here , in the only country that they have known , as tenuous as his .
Or this .
You are a child of a Kenyan father and non-Kenyan mother .
Because of your father , you are treated as a Kenyan until the age of 23 , at which point you are expected to ‘ choose ’ your citizenship .
You , the person , have not changed ” ” you are not more one thing than the other and you lay claim to both heritages .
But you are expected to state your allegiance , prove it by formally surrendering any right to the citizenship of your mother .
Even if you have already implicitly stated your allegiance simply by your choice to remain here , for better or for worse .
You make the ‘ choice ’ because you are forced to .
You cut yourself off from all you are entitled to through your mother ’s citizenship .
Or you cut yourself off from formal recognition by your father ’s state .
You realise for the first time how little the law can correspond with reality .
Because you yourself are still the product of both .
Or this .
You are from northern Kenya .
You look Somali ( you might be , but not necessarily ) .
You apply for an identification card ” ” requirement for everything from basic employment , to registration with the national health and social insurance and tax schemes , to registration to vote .
You have to prove a long line of descent going back to great - grandfathers ” ” how is the Kenyan state to otherwise know that you are not , in fact , a Somali from Somalia , trying to sneak in as an undocumented refugee or , worse , an Al Shabaab member ?
Your local Chief has to vouch for the same ” ” woe unto you if you have ever offended him ( it is usually a him ) in any way .
You realise later that Kenyans of Somali descent ” ” and all ethnicities in the north ” ” are , in fact , still subjected to special vetting procedures to obtain this vital document .
And this .
You are a Kenyan student , male or female .
With great difficulty and sacrifice , your family has managed to scrape together the funding to send you away to school .
You go through the inevitably ignominious visa application process .
You succeed .
You are now anywhere else in the world .
You have finished school and make the decision to stay and work ” ” perhaps because you know there is little work in your field at home , perhaps because you know you could earn more abroad .
You go through the equally ignominious process to acquire the right to stay and work .
Eventually , you decide to acquire citizenship wherever you are ” ” to end the constant questioning about your right to be there , to make it easier to move around and , hopefully , upwards in employment in your field .
Or even , perhaps , to make it easier for other members of your family to come over and also access the opportunities you have .
But you have stayed connected to ‘ home . ’
You follow the news online .
You debate the goings - on passionately with the other Kenyans you have connected to .
You plan , at some fuzzy point in the future to return .
You send money home dutifully ” ” first to your family , and then to build up some sort of base for your return .
You celebrate the recognition of Diaspora contributions through such remittances to the Kenyan economy .
Your claim to Kenya is never in doubt ” ” at least in your own mind .
Lo and behold .
The Kenyan state does not think so .
On one of your visits home , your confident walk to the line for citizens is halted by an immigration official at the airport .
Get to the line for foreigners .
After filling out a visa application form .
Your protests met with dull indifference .
You are not a Kenyan after all .
You have become a tourist for all intents and purposes .
These are fictional accounts .
But they are based on the reality of citizenship under our current Constitution .
Our current Constitution does not recognise the multitude of ways in which belonging to , identification with a state ( or several states simultaneously ) can and does happen .
Our current Constitution does not recognise the multitude of ways in which belonging to , identifying with Kenya can and is denied ” ” on a casually indifferent and routine manner .
Citizenship can be claimed in three primary ways .
By birth .
By descent .
By naturalisation ( following , for example , marriage , migration , long term residency for purposes of choice , employment and investment ) .
Our current Constitution , in effect , recognises only citizenship by descent from a Kenyan male ” ” and , in limited circumstances , by naturalisation .
It is not enough to be born here .
To be Kenyan , you have to be born to a Kenyan father ” ” and , even if you were born elsewhere , as long as your father is Kenyan , you ’re in .
Although being in is not automatic if you are from the north .
And you can , of course , also be in if you chose to naturalise ” ” but doing so means that you have to forfeit any citizenship claims you might hold elsewhere .
I do not think the drafters of our current Constitution could have fully realised what emotional and mental cruelty they were subjecting so many Kenyans to by being so limited in their conception of belonging and identification .
True , that Constitution was drafted at the height of the nationalist period ” ” after a protracted struggle against the forcible claim of Kenya by British and other settlers , in which Asian and other migrants inevitably found themselves also enmeshed .
The assumption was , understandably , that any African Kenyan was a ‘ real ’ Kenyan .
The proposition was , equally understandably , that any European settler or Asian migrant would have to pledge their loyalty to the new Kenyan state ” ” and would do so by renouncing any other claims of citizenship , in part to stem anticipated capital flight .
The other assumption , of course , on which both European settlers and African Kenyans were in surprising accord ” ” due to imported Victorian legislation on citizenship and customary understandings of the place and role of women ” ” was that Kenyan women did not need citizenship in their own right .
They simply needed to get married and all required legal protections would flow .
But being able to grasp the logic then ” ” and even understand it ” ” is not necessarily to admit to that logic being right .
And if it was not right then , it is certainly not right now .
Kenyans understand that ethnicity , race and migration ” ” both inside and outside the country ” ” are or should not be arbiters of citizenship .
Kenyans understand that old ways of managing capital flight are today meaningless in the face of liberalised financial markets .
Kenyans understand that gender is or should not be a determinant of citizenship .
Not all Kenyan women will be married .
And those that are will not necessarily be married to other Kenyans .
Ethnicity and race are far more fluid notions than they used to be ” ” in reality , even if that reality does not come through in the kind of racist and xenophobic positioning so prevalent last year .
The provisions on citizenship in the Harmonised Draft Constitution of Kenya are thus a relief .
A relief to all of those whose claims to Kenyan citizenship have not been recognised in law ( or in practice ) to date .
First , it clearly stipulates that citizenship may be acquired by descent from either a Kenyan mother or a Kenyan father ” ” whether born inside or outside of the country .
Second , it clearly stipulates that naturalisation can occur either through marriage to a Kenyan of any sex for at least seven years or through lawful residency in Kenya for a continuous period of at least seven years .
Non-Kenyan children adopted by citizens are also entitled to citizenship .
Third , it clearly stipulates that Kenyans are entitled to dual citizenship ” ” and to regaining their Kenyan citizenship if they had lost it through gaining the citizenship of another state .
And fourth , it categorically entitles every citizen to a passport and any other registration or identification document the state may issue .
What these provisions mean is that all of the problems identified in the fictional accounts above have been resolved in the Harmonised Draft Constitution .
Kenyan women will have citizenship in their own right .
Kenyan women will be able to pass on their citizenship to non-Kenyan spouses and to their children .
The children of Kenyans and non-Kenyans as Kenyan emigrants can reclaim ( if already lost ) or retain their Kenyan citizenship regardless of their having citizenship elsewhere .
Northern Kenyans ” ” like all Kenyans ” ” will be able to assert a Constitutional right to registration and identification documents and passports .
The only curious omission is that of entitlement to citizenship by birth ” ” merely being born here is not enough to be in .
It is not like Kenya is , say , the United Kingdom or the United States ” ” in which some would - be or acknowledged migrants carefully plan their pregnancies and delivery dates so as to ensure their children of citizenship that would offer them far better opportunities than those available wherever they have migrated from .
People are not so desperate to be Kenyans that that kind of degrading choice would present itself as the only choice .
Kenya is , however , it is true , host to a large number of refugees .
Perhaps the omission is to prevent citizenship claims posed by children born of refugees while in Kenya ” ” and thus potentially by their parents even when the possibility of return exists ?
But , if that is the case , under the naturalisation provisions , a documented asylum - seeker or recognised refugee who has been in Kenya for a continuous period of seven years would have the right to apply for citizenship anyway .
That one caveat aside , the Harmonised Draft Constitution ’s provisions on citizenship go a long way to resolving the problems of belonging to and identification with Kenya that pertain today .
Through those provisions , Kenyans will finally propel themselves into the 21st century world ” ” which is a world far beyond the limited conception of an ethnically and racially homogenous and patriarchal single - nation state .
If it were to be on those provisions alone that the referendum ’s outcome was to be determined , the Harmonised Draft Constitution would and should pass .
This article was published in The East African , on 23 November 2009 .
* L. Muthoni Wanyeki is the Executive Director of the Kenya Human Rights Commission ( KHRC )
It was ( sort of ) Presidential Question Time , Part Two today , as Pres. Barack Obama addressed the Democratic Senators at their retreat .
It turned out to be far less of a pull - back - the - curtain moment – but it was interesting to see MSNBC deal with what happened when the President started taking some shots at cable news .
During the Q&A portion , Pres. Obama said :
If everybody here turned off your CNN , your Fox , just turn off the TV , MSNBC , blogs , and just go talk to folks out there , instead of being in this echo chamber where the topic is constantly politics .
The topic is politics .
It is much more difficult to get a conversation focused on how are we going to help people , than a conversation about ‘ how is this going to help or hurt somebody politically ? ’ and that ’s part of what the American people are just sick of .
Well one - minute - ten - seconds after MSNBC was mentioned by name , the cabler cut out of the Q&A .
It was quite jarring , only made more obvious by the immediate reference that was made to it .
David Shuster joked about it , saying the Pres. was “ encouraging all the Senators to turn us off , do n’t pay attention to the echo chamber .
But we ’re going to use our authority to be able to essentially turn off the President ’s feed right now . ”
And they did – moving on to pundits , discussing the political implications , almost on cue .
It should be noted that at the time , MSNBC and CNN were covering it live while Fox News was not .
FNC took even less of the address and subsequent Q&A than they did on Friday .
MSNBC , meanwhile , was back with the coverage about 10 minutes later .
As a whole , the event turned out to be more of a chance for Democrats in contested races to speak on a big platform with the President – and less of a real give - and - take than Friday .
Here ’s the clip :
— –
» Follow Steve Krakauer on Twitter
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
Apple is stirring up yet another censorship brouhaha with its latest changes to App Store policy .
The company recently began blocking screenshots for apps that are outside the acceptable age range in Parental Controls in iTunes .
According to iPhone developer ChiliFresh , it seems that all " overtly sexual " apps might be expunged from the App Store too , which is making some users uneasy about Apple 's " power " once again .
Last month , we reported on a glitch in the App Store system that let any user browse apps and their sometimes NSFW screenshots in iTunes , even if Parental Controls indicated that the user was a small child .
Shortly after the glitch was reported to Apple as a bug , developers were notified that all screenshots for the App Store had to be free of " objectionable material " and be acceptable for a 4 + rating .
This , of course , was a good thing .
Many of the apps in question were essentially collections of racy pictures ( some more racy than others ) , so a screenshot amounted to soft - core porn for some .
" If you actually look at what the screenshots for these porn apps were , they were no different from running the app , " developer Fraser Speirs , who first noted the problem , told Ars .
If they could be made appropriate , they would n't show much of the app at all . "
Still , Apple recently began blocking access to screenshots for apps that did n't match Parental Controls settings .
" You can still see the apps , but the screenshots are hidden , " Speirs said .
" This is now the same as the on - device version of the App Store . "
He noted that this is still an improvement , since apps may have a certain age rating .
Things like " crude humor , " " drug references , " and " violence " are just some of the criteria developers have to consider when assigning a rating for the App Store .
Despite these changes , however , it appears Apple intends to purge the App Store of all apps with sexual overtones .
Developer ChilliFresh got a notice from Apple that its app " Wobble iBoobs " was being removed from the App Store due to a policy change on apps with " overtly sexual content . "
An e-mail from the App Store review team explains the change :
The App Store continues to evolve , and as such , we are constantly refining our guidelines .
Your application , Wobble iBoobs ( Premium Uncensored ) , contains content that we had originally believed to be suitable for distribution .
However , we have recently received numerous complaints from our customers about this type of content , and have changed our guidelines appropriately .
We have decided to remove any overtly sexual content from the App Store , which includes your application .
Thank you for your understanding in this matter .
If you believe you can make the necessary changes so that Wobble iBoobs ( Premium Uncensored ) complies with our recent changes , we encourage you to do so and resubmit for review .
For its part , ChilliFresh maintains that Wobble iBoobs is not overtly sexual , since it does not include any photos in the application .
Users supply their own photos to make parts " wobble , " but its clear from the title of the app what parts of the human anatomy the developers had in mind .
We asked Apple what had prompted the change .
" Whenever we receive customer complaints about objectionable content we review them , " Apple spokesperson Trudy Muller told Ars .
" If we find these apps contain inappropriate material we remove them and request the developer make any necessary changes in order to be distributed by Apple . "
Apple declined to give further details about the nature or number of complaints it had received .
Reaction has been mixed so far .
" I 'm relaxed with the porn decision because it was always clear that they were in breach of the hitherto un-enforced rules , " Speirs said .
" Jobs said the day the iPhone SDK was announced that they would n't carry porn , " he told Ars .
Developer Justin Williams noted that he was conflicted himself when he learned of the policy change .
While getting rid of " AppPorn " clears out what many might call " garbage , " it still feels like censorship .
" The iPhone has Parental Controls that could restrict access if Apple implemented support , " Williams said .
" Rather than fix the problem the right way , though , they instead just put people out of business . "
Apple could certainly put its Parental Controls to better use .
Perhaps the company could create a separate category for such apps , letting users choose to enable or restrict access to the category for themselves or their children .
Alternately , Apple could make the App Store a well - curated , " safe " place to buy apps , and allow users the option to load apps of their choosing from third parties .
As it stands , Apple is the sole source of iPhone apps and has made itself the arbiter of taste .
However , taste is highly subjective across age groups , religions , even cultures .
" Apple should n't be in the taste business or iTunes would be all Bob Dylan music , " Williams wryly added via Twitter .
Apple has also shifted the line between acceptable and unacceptable several times since the App Store opened in 2008 .
At first , Apple rejected anything that might even hint of sex , then allowed some soft - core porn when Parental Controls were enabled .
Now that policy has changed again , making it difficult for developers to know where the line is or if it will ever stay in one place .
We agree that individuals should have the right to decide what 's tasteful for themselves , and we respect the right of parents to make that choice for their children .
But instead of giving users the necessary tools to do that , Apple is making the choice for them .
That 's something the we have long - maintained is n't the right way to go .
UPDATE : Further evidence uncovered by Silicon Alley Insider reveals that adult - oriented apps are disappearing left and right .
While some still remain in the App Store , several developers reported that their apps are being systematically removed from the App Store , and have been for the last 12 hours .
A developer of such apps , Grindhouse Mobile , contacted Ars to let us know they have been affected by the purge .
Cofounder Mike Hawk told
Ars he was especially upset that his company had worked closely with Apple to make sure its apps met Apple 's guidelines , yet still were removed by the unannounced policy change .
The company plans to limit future iPhone development , but " will continue to aggressively build and market adult oriented apps for Android and other applicable platforms which operate on an open system , giving developers and users much more freedom , " Hawk said .
Though Apple refrained from commenting on what particular issue may have sparked this policy change , Ars has discovered a campaign by the Parents Television Council that may be at least partly to blame .
The PTC is well know for flooding the FCC with complaints about TV shows , most recently vilifying Fox 's The Family Guy .
The group has also launched attacks on the portrayal of " adultery and promiscuity " on TV , foul - mouthed YouTube comments , and M - rated video games .
Rookies are generally the " weak links " of a sports teams .
They are generally the youngest players on the teams , guys who are incredibly inexperience and who 's ability to handle play on the big stage is questioned often .
On the flip side rookies are the future and their flashes of brilliance excites fans for what can be .
The Rangers currently have three rookies starting every night in Artem Anisimov , Michael Del Zotto and Matt Gilroy .
Let 's take a deeper look :
Michael Del Zotto has already proved everyone who doubted him wrong .
He is leading all defensemen on the Rangers in points and he is easily the most physical defenseman on the blue line .
Currently John Tortorella is giving him more and more ice time , and against Detroit he lead all players in the TOI category .
Del Zotto has been the quarterback of the power play since game one and his 5 goals and 12 assists for 17 points .
While Del Zotto is sporting a - 9 his defense has increased massively and he is currently playing 19 minutes a night .
That 's pretty impressive for a 19 year old kid .
Artem Anisimov has also made a pretty positive impact for the Rangers , although his was more expected .
Currently Anisimov has seen time on every single line but with the injuries to Brandon Dubinsky and Chris Drury he is starting to see some top line minutes .
His 5 goals and 8 assists for 13 points are good for 5th on the team in points , and his two way play has really come along quite nicely .
Many expected him to make the team last year and when he did n't he responded by having a point per game effort for Hartford , now that he has made the team he is showing that he belongs here .
Matt Gilroy was another player that Ranger fans were wondering if they were going to see on Broadway this year .
Signed from Boston University Gilroy has made pretty instant dividends for the Rangers .
His speed allows him to pinch in on every rush and find a way to get back in time to make the defensive play .
His hockey IQ is off the charts and once he gets better accustomed to the game he should start putting up awesome numbers .
P.A Parentenau , Bobby Sanguinetti and Dane Byers have all seen time but not enough to do a full report on .
Thoughts on who has surprised you thus far ?
They ’re still books – only a bit changed .
All these books were transformed into visual art , but still they ’re books .
American artist and a mathematician with a strange name , Robert
The makes bizarre creations from books for many years .
His art works are stored in many private collections and are exhibited in modern museums .
These quite unusual and creative creations will surely find its place in modern art .
The man who survived the atomic bombings of both Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945 has succumbed to stomach cancer , his family says .
Tsutomu Yamaguchi , 93 , the only person officially recognised as a survivor of the two attacks , died on Monday at a hospital in Nagasaki .
" I thanked my father for leaving us with the treasure that was his effort to call for world peace , " his daughter Toshiko Yamasaki said .
Mr Yamaguchi is survived by a son , two daughters and five grandchildren .
" It is to our regret that we have lost a valuable storyteller , " Nagasaki mayor Tomihisa Taue said in a statement .
" His painful experience of being bombed twice in Hiroshima and Nagasaki drew worldwide attention . "
Mr Yamaguchi , then an engineer at the Mitsubishi Heavy Industries shipyard in Nagasaki , was exposed to the first atomic blast in Hiroshima on August 6 , 1945 , when he was there for a work assignment .
He was on a street about two kilometres from ground zero .
With severe burns to his arms , he returned to Nagasaki two days later to join his family and reported for work .
But as he was telling his employers about the Hiroshima holocaust , the second atomic bomb exploded over Nagasaki .
This time Mr Yamaguchi was about three kilometres from the epicentre .
" I thought the mushroom cloud had followed me there , " he said later .
The atomic blasts killed an estimated 140,000 people in Hiroshima and 74,000 others in Nagasaki , leaving numerous others with ailments linked to radioactive irradiation .
Calls for peace
Mr Yamaguchi started to publicly talk about his atomic bomb experience only in 2005 when he lost his second son - who survived the Nagasaki bombing as an infant - to cancer .
In 2006 , he was featured in a documentary film , entitled Niju Hibaku ( double irradiation ) with seven others who were known to have survived the two attacks .
The documentary was screened at the United Nations headquarters in New York the same year , featuring Mr Yamaguchi as a guest speaker .
He became the only person officially recognised as a double A - bomb survivor last year when the city of Nagasaki acknowledged he was also bombed in Hiroshima .
Mr Yamaguchi was diagnosed with stomach cancer in 2006 and he was taken to hospital last August .
" I think this will be my last lecture .
I hope the baton will be passed to other people , " Mr Yamaguchi told a seminar in Nagasaki last June , according to media reports .
On December 22 , US director James Cameron of the Titanic and Avatar fame called on him to outline his idea of shooting a film on atomic bombs , his daughter said .
" My father had eagerly waited for the director to come .
He seemed to gather strength after the meeting , " Ms Yamasaki said .
" He was heard saying , ' My mission is over ' . "
- AFP
Honey Maid® S’mores
Enjoy the delicious taste of s’mores right in your cereal bowl with chocolatey goodness , sweet marshmallows and the delicious taste of HONEY MAID ® Graham Crackers .
Never have s’mores indoors been so delicious !
HONEY MAID AND THE HONEY MAID DESIGN ARE TRADEMARKS OF MONDELÉZ INTERNATIONAL GROUP , USED UNDER LICENSE .
Nutrition Facts
In the early 1900s , a radioactive ceramic water jar marketed to the U.S. public as a health boon turned out to be , well , a load of crock .
But according to a new study , radiation from the jug was n't the biggest problem .
Makers of the Radium Ore Revigator promised the jug would enrich drinking water left inside overnight with " the lost element of original freshness — radioactivity . "
The " treated " water was supposed to relieve everything from arthritis and senility to flatulence .
Such a seemingly wacky belief came from the fact that spring water naturally contains radioactive radon gas , said study leader Michael Epstein , an analytic chemist at Mount St. Mary 's University in Emmitsburg , Maryland .
It was n't too big a leap to assume that radioactive water would be a healthy elixir , Epstein said .
In the early 20th century , the Revigator sold by the hundreds of thousands in the U.S .
" Unfortunately for them , they were wrong , " Epstein said .
By the 1930s scientists had realized that exposure to radiation can cause cells in the body to go haywire , triggering cancer .
However , Epstein and colleagues were curious just how big a risk radiation played compared to the ore itself .
What they found is that the jar 's uranium - ore lining released surprising amounts of toxic elements , such as arsenic and lead , into the drinking water .
Arsenic can also cause cancer , and lead can severely damage the nervous , urinary , and reproductive systems .
Toxic Water
For their study , Epstein and colleagues bought four Revigators from antique stores or on eBay .
The jars still exude the same amount of radiation as they did in the early 1900s .
Uranium ore contains some amounts of the highly radioactive metal radium , which decays into radon gas .
The team first used a Geiger counter to measure the amount of radon gas the jars emitted .
Though radon levels were higher than an average person 's exposure , the risk of death from the jars ' radiation was relatively low .
Epstein's team also used a highly sensitive instrument called a mass spectrometer to analyze the concentration of toxic elements in the radon - infused water .
If a person had followed the Revigator company 's advice to " drink freely when thirsty and upon arising and retiring , " the toxic water would have drastically exceeded healthy exposure levels currently recommended by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency .
For instance , the maximum level of exposure to uranium set by the EPA is 0.030 parts per million — one of the Revigators expelled up to 0.056 parts per mllion of the substance .
What 's more , if people added a slightly acidic beverage such as wine or fruit juice to the jar , the resulting fluid contained 300 times more than the maximum arsenic intake recommended by the EPA .
Before Ephedra
There 's no data on whether Revigator users were more sickly than non-users , mostly because people died from so many poorly understood ailments in the early 20th century , Epstein said .
But in a way , the Revigator is a forerunner to modern - day alternative medicines peddled on the Web , some of which could also be dangerous , Epstein said .
" The world does n't change , " he said .
" We 're always looking for something to make our lives better — and sometimes we make mistakes . "
In 2005 , I found myself homeless for three days in Garfield , N.J.
My single parent could n’t afford the rent , and we had 30 days notice to get out .
Things went from bad to worse , and I soon found myself on the street .
After those three days had passed , my mother and I managed to get into a shelter in West Milford , N.J .
The shelter is a small area of poverty surrounded by an otherwise middle - class population .
The shelter was established in 1987 .
Part of its mission is , according to its web site , to provide safe supportive shelter for battered women and children .
What it does not mention is that they have a rule : any male over the age of 18 cannot be in the shelter .
Because this is the only shelter in the county , this essentially means that all adult men who are homeless or in need of help are denied this help .
This included me when I turned 18 .
For a shelter that preaches equality and concern for the less fortunate , it seems prejudiced this way .
Luckily , when I first went there I was 16 .
When I went to the West Milford Township Library to get online and converse with hometown friends and read books , I found that I was unable to .
The library has a peculiar rule : if you live in the shelter , you are not considered part of “ the town . ”
Library director Deborah Maynard told me that since I did n’t technically live in West Milford ( because the shelter is somehow , while located physically in the center of the town , not considered to actually be there ) I had to use a special Shelter Library Card .
This card could only be used by one person in the shelter once a week , and if someone owed a fine for unreturned books on that card , all others who used the card were banned from utilizing it until said fines were paid .
Because people lived in a shelter , they were discriminated against and made to feel alienated by excluding them from the town population .
If that was n’t bad enough , someone who lived in the shelter at one time was arrested for shoplifting at the local grocery store ( ShopRite ) , and the manager then told other shelter residents who were desperate for work that “ people from the shelter ” were no longer allowed to work at ShopRite .
Based on the poor judgment of one person who stole , that manager decided to discriminate .
What I ’d like to convey , however , is that the shelter itself was of little help , whatever good intentions might have been present .
They provided a bed to sleep in and a small room , for which I ’m grateful , but there were certain requirements for living there .
My mother frequently had to attend meetings in which she would be instructed on how to raise children , how to stop abuse , and other “ get - togethers ” in which people would share their experiences .
Now , there is nothing wrong with that – those are good things to support ; however , these meetings were mandatory .
It was almost as though they assumed that everyone there was a poor parent , and unwillingness to attend these meetings was considered grounds for eviction from the premises .
Another mandatory exercise was “ clean - up duty , ” in which your name would randomly be selected from a list each night , and if you were chosen you would go to the main house area to clean up the kitchen , wash dishes for everyone there , and watch other people ’s children ; no pay was provided for this , it was considered your duty .
It got worse : if you left the shelter to go anywhere , whether it be job - hunting , me visiting my hometown , or even walking down the street , you had to write down , on a piece of paper at the main house where you would be going , approximately how long you would be there , and when you would be back .
You also were not allowed to be away from the shelter overnight , a rule that nearly everyone there , myself included , frequently broke .
Food , living assistance , job opportunities , and transportation are the vehicles of help the shelter offers on its web site ; it fails to mention all the restrictions , which you receive in the form of a large pink notice pushed underneath your door within days of moving in .
It is one thing to offer help to someone , but it is another thing entirely to control every aspect of someone ’s life .
In trying to help the less fortunate , the shelter has fallen victim to the intolerance and discrimination which it says it opposes , in that it treats its residents like animals , forcing them to place restrictions upon their lives in order to keep a home for themselves .
The transportation is also unreliable and biased ( it ’s all about “ who you know ” in the shelter ) , and assistance with finding a job is deeply limited , to the point where my mother only scraped up enough money to get an apartment afterward because she did it almost entirely on her own .
When we moved out we were reportedly still eligible for food and transportation assistance , but the shelter denied us this help .
As a result , I struggled for a year without transportation in a town with no sidewalks , unreliable once - or - twice - a - day buses , and very few businesses in the area , thus very few job opportunities .
I would often go for four or five days without eating any food at all , which people incorrectly assumed was an exaggeration .
Famine is in fact a terrible thing to endure , and a biased food stamp system and an uncaring shelter refused to help out with sustenance until employment was found .
Establishments that wish to help people must decide where a line must be drawn : if , in , trying to help people , we treat them with the same restrictions and disrespect as rich , uncaring capitalists , are we not dabbling in the very elitist dogma which we claim to oppose ?
Why do we only think of authority and restriction , but never morality or humanity ?
Some food for thought from someone who once had an empty plate .
Blake Deppe , now 20 , currently lives in the South Shore section of Chicago .
Photo :
The author , second from left , and friends .
( Courtesy Blake Deppe )
A teenage girl allegedly had a shotgun shoved in her face after mistakenly driving with her high beam headlights on in the NSW Hunter region over the weekend .
Police said the girl , 17 , was driving along Aberglassyn Road at Rutherford about 10.20 pm on Saturday unaware that she had turned on the high beam on her car 's lights .
An 18 - year - old man driving in a ute in front of the girl changed lanes , then began following the girl , police said .
The girl told police the two cars pulled to the side of the road and the man got out .
He allegedly walked up to the girl 's car with a shotgun in his hands and exchanged words with two passengers sitting in the back , before pointing the gun into each window and repeatedly sliding the pump- action loader , police said .
A fundraiser as social secretary
The promotion of Julianna Smoot to White House Social Secretary is good news for wealthy donors to President Obama 's campaign , for whom Smoot -- the chief campaign fundraiser -- is friend and point of contact .
Smoot , who had been working in the relative obscurity of the U.S. Trade Representative 's office , will now be the key gatekeeper to the kind of social functions from which donors have complained that this administration , unlike President Clinton's , has barred them .
But the choice to unite money and access in the person of Smoot -- a career political fundraiser whose efforts were downplayed by a campaign eager to focus on small donors -- cuts against both President Obama 's broader message of change and against the talking points of her departing predecessor , Desiree Rogers .
Rogers told Lynn Sweet that she saw her role as turning the White House into the " people 's house , " and Michelle Obama praised her in a statement for " welcoming scores of everyday Americans through its doors , from wounded warriors to local schoolchildren to NASCAR drivers . "
Smoot may have the same goal , but her credentials and relationships point in the opposite direction :
To ensuring access and satisfaction for the ultra - wealthy elite who will , incidentally , be called on to finance President Obama 's next campaign .
A White House official says appointing a fundraising staffer Social Secretary is n't " outside the norm " because one of President George W. Bush 's Social Secretaries , Lea Berman , had been such a staffer , though not one of Smoot 's centrality .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : By Lake Merritt
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
I have a proposal .
For several days after you stole my 26 ” rear wheel from my mountain bike , you caused me a dilemma .
All I could think of were two options .1 ) Buy a new rear wheel –
This hardly seemed worthwhile because my bike only cost $ 25 from Goodwill when I got it and a new back wheel / tire will cost two to three times that much .
2 ) Buy a used wheel from the Ashby Flea market – We all know this is where stolen wheels go to find new homes .
( In fact , I have searched here for my wheel to no avail . )
While this option is cheap ( $ 10 ) , it would feel like I am benefiting from someone else ’s misfortune .
( Probably because I would be benefiting from someone else ’s misfortune ) .
But then I had a brilliant idea .
Rather than buying a new wheel or a used wheel stolen from someone else , why do n’t you sell me back my own wheel .
I can pay you the $ 10 you would have made and then I can save the time and stress of finding a new wheel .
If it makes a difference , I could even pay you in alcohol or whatever drug habit you were trying to feed .
We can even meet on the same corner where you took my wheel and make it feel all natural .
You can walk by and say , “ Hey buddy , I notice that your bike seems to be missing a rear wheel .
Well , it just so happens I have an extra rear wheel right here with me .
Would you like it ? ”
And I can say , “ You ’re right , kind sir .
I am missing a rear wheel .
That is very nice of you .
It just so happens that I have $ 10 worth of alcohol , that I was going to use drown my sorrow about not having a bicycle wheel .
But now that I have a bicycle wheel , I do n’t need it .
Why do n’t you take it . ”
And then we can both feel good about ourselves .
Please let me know if this works for you .
SincerelyJoshUPDATE
-
Thanks for all the nice emails .
And especially thanks to Jess who dropped off a replacement rear wheel !!!!!
Speaker Nancy Pelosi , who has come under fire for spending before , spent roughly $ 3,000 on flowers for her office .
Pelosi spends $ 2,993 on flowers
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) spent $ 2,993 in taxpayer money on flowers between June and October .
House Majority Whip James Clyburn has a thing for Chantilly Donuts , spending about $ 265 at the Virginia shop in the past quarter .
And Rep. Tim Walz ( D - Minn. ) , a fiscal conservative , decided to give about $ 2,000 in unused office funds back to the government to help reduce the deficit .
These expenditures – culled from thousands of line items released Monday by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House – are just a fraction of the $ 300 million spent last quarter by House offices .
But while the bulk of congressional office spending goes to salaries and routine office expenses , some of the line items offer a window into the personalities and priorities of each congressional office .
Advertisement
Pelosi , who has come under fire in the past for spending on flowers , also spent roughly $ 30,610 in food and beverage and about $ 2,740 on bottled water , contributing to the nearly $ 120,531 total from all congressional leadership accounts .
Her offices defended the charges , saying the Speaker ’s office holds more ceremonial events with visiting dignitaries than other congressional offices .
They also use a local florist , and about a third of her flower expenses this quarter were for Jack Kemp ’s funeral .
House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) racked up about $ 24,617 in catering costs .
House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) spent about $ 1,561 in bottled water and House Majority Whip James Clyburn ( D - S.C. ) spent no money on water but a touch over $ 18,000 in food .
House Minority Whip Eric Cantor ( R - Va. ) spent about $ 24,116 on food and beverage .
These line by line expenditures used to come just in bound green books , but for the first time ever , Pelosi requested that the reports also be put online this quarter .
The nearly 3,400 digitized pages were released Monday afternoon and touted by Pelosi as expanding “ accountability to taxpayers and the press . ”
Most of the expenditures seem standard – everything from individual staff salaries to office supplies is listed .
Most offices order food from the Capitol Host in - house catering service , but others order from outside locales .
Clyburn , for example , frequently purchases donuts for his office from Chantilly Donuts in Virginia , where he spent about $ 265 in the period stretching from June until the end of September .
One of the biggest line items for congressional offices outside of salaries tends to be the pricy subscriptions to Congressional Quarterly , which produces high end legislative tracking products , a magazine and a daily publication .
Cantor and Boehner together spent $ 69,832.50 on the company ’s publications – Boehner spent $ 48,085 on CQ publications .
Lawmakers appear to have great flexibility on what qualifies as an office expense .
Money is spent on everything from security services for district offices to thousands in mileage reimbursements for individuals ’ cars .
Taxpayers foot the bill for leasing cars for members , including cars for Rep. Alcee Hastings ( D - Fla . ) and Rep. Joe Barton ( R - Texas ) .
Rep. Mark Kirk ( R - Ill . ) spent $ 28,410 with a market communications firm to send a newsletter to his constituents , querying them on issues ranging from the closing of the detention center at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , earmark reform and health care .
A spokesman said it was sent to 196,000 constituents and is just “ one of the many tools Congressman Kirk uses to communicate with constituents . ”
Some even have money left over to give back to the government .
Walz and Rep. Spencer Bachus ( R - Ala . ) both returned about $ 2,500 to cut away at the deficit .
Bachus , a fiscal conservative , said he does not take cost - of - living increases in the middle of a congressional term .
Correction :
An earlier version of this story incorrectly reported the amounts Nancy Pelosi ’s office spent on flowers and James Clyburn ’s office spent on donuts .
Receive an email confirmation of your submission .
Please provide as much detail as possible , including information on resources you have already consulted .
Tell Us More About You
This helps us determine what additional resources , collections , and / or services you might have available to you locally .
ZIP / Postal Code *
HUNTSVILLE , Ala . 
The neurobiologist accused of killing three colleagues at the University of Alabama , Huntsville , on Friday fatally shot her brother in 1986 in suburban Boston , and the police there are now questioning whether their department mishandled that case when it let her go without filing charges .
Early Saturday , the police in Huntsville charged the neurobiologist , Amy Bishop , who they said was 45 , with capital murder in the shootings Friday that also left three people wounded during a faculty meeting .
Dr. Bishop , who appeared to have had a promising future in the biotechnology business , had recently been told she would not be granted tenure , university officials said .
On Saturday afternoon , the police in Braintree , Mass. , announced that 24 years ago , Dr. Bishop had fatally wounded her brother , Seth Bishop , in an argument at their home , which The Boston Globe first reported on its Web site .
The police were considering reopening the case , in which she was not charged and the report by the officer on duty at the time was no longer available , said Paul Frazier , the Braintree police chief .
“ The release of Ms. Bishop did not sit well with the police officers , ” Chief Frazier said in a statement , “ and I can assure you that this would not happen in this day and age . ”
He said at a news conference on Saturday that the original account describing the shooting as an accident had been inaccurate and , The Globe said , that while he was reluctant to use the word “ cover - up , ” it did not “ look good ” that the detailed records of the case have been missing since 1988 .
( CNN ) --
A new study suggests laws banning the use of hand - held devices while driving have not reduced the rate of accidents in three states and the District of Columbia .
In addition to the nation 's capital , the report by the Highway Loss Data Institute reviews insurance claims in New York , Connecticut and California .
It also compares the data to other areas that do not have cell phone bans .
" The laws are n't reducing crashes , even though we know that such laws have reduced hand - held phone use , and several studies have established that phoning while driving increases crash risk , " said Adrian Lund , president of the Highway Loss Data Institute .
There were no fluctuations in collision rates before and after the laws were put in place , the report said .
" So the new findings do n't match what we already know about the risk of phoning and texting while driving , " Lund added .
According to the study , the crash rates in the nation 's capital were the same as in Virginia and Maryland , which do n't have laws limiting the use of cell phones while driving .
Increased rates of crashes when drivers use hand - held cell phones have been well documented , so it 's unclear why the four jurisdictions ' accident rates did not mirror the trend after their cell phone bans took effect .
Lund said the Highway Loss Data Institute is trying to determine why the ban does not have an impact on the rate of accidents .
One of the options is that drivers in jurisdictions that ban cell phones while driving may be resorting to using hands - free devices , whose accident rates are the same as hand - held devices , he said .
" In this case , crashes would n't go down because the risk is about the same , regardless of whether the phones are hand - held or hands - free , " the study said .
Lund said the new report has left experts puzzled .
" This is surprising , too , given what we know about the growing use of cell phones and the risk of phoning while driving , " he said .
" We 're currently gathering data to figure out this mismatch . "
The report comes on the heels of a federal ban on texting for drivers of commercial vehicles such as buses and large trucks .
The ban , which was announced Tuesday , is effective immediately .
" This is an important safety step , and we will be taking more to eliminate the threat of distracted driving , " said Ray LaHood , the U.S . transportation secretary .
Commercial drivers caught texting while driving face a penalty of up to $ 2,750 .
Last year , the National Safety Council called for a nationwide ban on cell phone use while driving , a prohibition opposed by the industry .
" Studies show that driving while talking on a cell phone is extremely dangerous and puts drivers at a four times greater risk of a crash , " said Janet Froetscher , the council 's president .
Last year , President Obama also signed an executive order asking federal employees not to text while driving government vehicles .
The ban went into effect in December 2009 .
Star
Trek fans around the globe have long wondered why their beloved franchise had yet to take the MMO leap that would enable them to live within their favorite universe on a daily basis .
Their hopes were dashed in 2008 when Perpetual Entertainment–who was developing a Star Trek MMO since 2004 – went bankrupt .
To their joy , Cryptic Studios had obtained the license from the now defunct Perpetual Entertainment with the intention to make their own Star Trek MMO .
After nearly two years in development has Cryptic Studios made every Trekkers ’ dream come true with Star Trek : Online ?
Has Cryptic Studios made a product that will entice even those who are not accustomed to the Star Trek universe ?
Let ’s find out !
Like practically every MMO you start out by molding your hero .
Most MMO ’s allow you to choose a faction .
Well , gamers wo n’t have to deliberate because there is only one option — the Federation .
Other factions like the Klingon Empire are unavailable until gamers reach the rank of ‘ Lieutenant Grade 5 ’ with a Federation character .
The level of character customization available is quite staggering .
You should have few issues creating a human , Federation ally , or custom - made allied species that comes fairly close to your liking .
Once in the game , you ’ll have the ability to fix your character in any way you ’d like via the same character creation editor ( i.e. you want darker skin ?
longer neck ?
a different color uniform ? ) .
Making these changes is n’t cheap though .
If deciding how you want to look is too much trouble you can always go with a default human , Vulcan , or any of the other races available to choose from within the Federation .
What about a class specialization ?
You get the option of choosing between being a tactical , engineering , or science officer .
These three classes focus largely on combat , support , and defense respectively .
Once you ’ve finished the character creation process you ’re ready to see how good the actual game is .
Star Trek :
Online starts out by thrusting you–a brand spanking new Ensign ( level 1 ) –into a scenario where you and everyone else aboard a ship ( the U.S.S. Khitomer ) are under attack by the dreaded Borg and the entire galaxy is erupting in war !
Come to think of it , the entire beginning of the game feels like the developers watched Star Trek : First Contact and adapted what they saw into this introduction / tutorial for the game .
As you make your way through the vessel you ’ll experience your first of a multitude of “ please do this , this many times ” objectives to come .
Overall , during this tutorial phase the game does a fine job explaining the basic functions necessary to progress throughout Star Trek : Online .
Everything is pretty straight forward , which is great for new players and MMO veterans alike .
Eventually you find yourself talking to an NPC ( Non-Player Character ) who gives you a choice of an officer to serve with you both on ground and in space .
These officers come in three different types — the same as the options you had during your character creation : tactical , engineering , and science .
Now , rather than solely focusing on yourself , you also have an NPC that you need to issue commands to , such as “ attack , ” if they should fire at your target , or you can leave them to assist you automatically .
Over time , you will have an away team consisting of four other NPCs .
Ground combat is fairly simple and it represents half of the game for you from a fighting perspective .
All of your moves have cooldowns which means you need to be slightly selective about which creeps to use your more powerful abilities on .
Again , it ’s pretty basic stuff here .
In fact , the ground combat is so unsophisticated you ’re going to find out that it ’s quite boring after awhile , mostly due to a lack of variety in enemies .
Even worse than the boring ground combat is the lack of a death penalty .
You just wiped ?
No biggy !
Just respawn , run right back to where you died , and pick up where you left off .
You heard correct .
There is absolutely no death penalty in the game .
Sure makes beating content satisfying !
At the start ground combat was tolerable , but I ’ve already experienced this type of NPC command mechanics in games like Knights of the Old Republic among others … and seeing it in a shallower and all around less impressive form did n’t leave me “ beaming ” with joy .
The NPC officers joining you on your away team do n’t make the game any more exciting on the ground either .
They are completely lifeless and dull .
You ’re going to find that you do n’t care about them whatsoever unless you ’re really into playing dress up .
Their benefit during ground missions is adding a unique class - specific ability .
On top of that , they can equip gear just like your main character can which means you get the thrill of gearing out quite a bit of NPCs too .
As you progress , level up , and unlock abilities and improvements , you will be able to promote your crew members ’ ranks which will open up new abilities for them .
They have one bracket each for ground and space combat .
You , on the other hand , get to place your skill points into a multitude of various brackets .
For instance , you can fill out a module that increases your photon torpedo damage to benefit your ship in space combat .
When you ’ve completed the exceptionally quick ground combat section of the introduction / tutorial , you finally get to captain your ship in space .
You were in fact merely a visitor aboard U.S.S. Khitomer .
Luckily for you though , it turns out the entire officer core aboard your original ship ( except for you ) has been killed by the Borg , leaving you as acting captain .
That ’s right !
You were the bottom of the barrel but you ’ll show them gosh darn it !
This is where the game shines like a star … near the end of its lifecycle .
Your starter ship has three different slots to place different types of weapons !
From photon torpedoes to phasers , you ’re going to have fun blowing up other ships .
Weapons have different angles of attack so you need to position your ship at an angle ( for instance 90° ) facing an enemy for the weapons you have attached to the front of your ship ( two slots are in front and one is in the rear ) .
A higher damage per second weapon tends to have a smaller angle thus making the enemies harder to hit .
Torpedoes are used when you ’ve destroyed your enemy ’s shields with phaser beams , disruptor cannons , or various other types of weapons fire .
Even more interesting than the angular - based combat is the use of shields .
Influenced by Age of Conan ’s blocking system , you have a front , left , right , and rear shield that you can shift your overall shield energy toward .
If you ’re being hit hard on the right shield just shift shield energy there and your other three shields will lower to help increase the depleted right shield .
This adds a fairly unique and constantly engaging aspect to space combat .
You also have three unique abilities of your officers available to you , ranging from shield regeneration , a shield stealing beam , or twin launching torpedoes … however , you may only have one officer of each class for a total of three .
Add this on top of your weapons slots and you have a pretty dynamic space combat system .
Unfortunately though , like the ground combat , the space combat gets monotonous .
Space combat was fun for me longer than ground combat , but in the end I still found myself becoming exceedingly jaded .
I felt limited in what I was able to do .
Even in a better ship , or with a few new abilities , it all felt the same .
Everyone in the game has the same ship until they reach Lieutenant Commander , at which time you can select a ship based on three classes : Escort , Cruiser , and Science .
These represent combat , defense , and support … sound familiar ?
The lack of variation and overall ingenuity in this game is unfortunate , and will be particularly ubiquitous for MMO veterans .
Would n’t you think it would be reasonable to branch out into more than just three basic classes ?
The introduction / tutorial ends with a fight against giant Borg cubes and spheres , again making me reflect on Star Trek : First Contact .
At this point you ’re probably pumped about the game because of all you ’ve experienced in such a short amount of time .
Unfortunately for you , you ’re about to learn that action packed introduction and tutorial was the game .
I ’ve tied the feel of this game into describing the opening tutorial because I honestly believe this encompasses the entire experience for you , which in of itself is rather pathetic .
PvP ( Player vs Player ) is fairly dull when compared to other games and consists of throwing a bunch of ships in a giant square arena of space with some rocks in it and saying “ go at it ! ”
The Klingon Empire is practically only PvP - based .
Cryptic Studios had the nerve to say they will add more PvE content ( Player vs Environment ) –of which there is currently hardly any –to the Klingon Empire if the response by the player base warrants it .
That comes off inconceivably lazy to me .
If you ’re not going all out to create a complete and quality product get out of the business .
PvE is where Star TREK ( keyword TREK ) should have exploded with success .
Away missions and exploration defined the series !
Instead you find yourself fighting non-freaking - stop .
There ’s no true exploration in this game outside of visiting randomly generated worlds and regions of space where you do the same repetitive missions over and over .
Collect this many of that … go kill this many squads of those … is this Star TREK ?
Wait … maybe this is Star Wa… no , Star Battle maybe ?
If Gene Roddenberry were alive , he’d be appalled at this game from a Star Trek standpoint .
It completely fails to recognize what Star Trek represents .
When I said the developers watched Star Trek : First Combat … er Contact , when making this game … maybe they stopped watching after the first twenty or so minutes of the movie .
Where are the missions onto planets that have thought provoking plots , mysteries , and actually interesting dialog ?
They could have created the epic single player RPG experience within an MMO ; and with the ability to invite some friends to tag along and experience it with you .
How do you let opportunity that slip by you ?
Seriously ?
Cryptic Studios spent two years making this game … a mere two years for an MMO containing a blockbuster license .
Most AAA MMO ’s take a four year development cycle .
This alone should signal most gamers that this game was merely pumped out as quickly as possible to get some quick money at the expense of a large ready - to - spend fan base .
There are so many incomplete aspects to the game .
There is no real endgame .
Everything is instanced , including the player socializing zones , which limits the people you meet in “ person . ”
Currently , players can’t even explore their own ships .
They ’re completely limited to the bridge .
Wait , Star Trek did n’t have anything else going outside the bridge did it ?
Want to level fast ?
Go kill Klingon warships over and over again for hours on end .
There ’s no incentive … nothing that makes you excited about leveling up and progressing in this game unless the actual act of having a higher rank or a new ship excites you .
This game needed at least one more year in development … but that would have put it up against The Old Republic or potentially WoW : Cataclysm and Guild Wars 2 .
Oh dear , extending development would cost more money !
So , might as well spew garbage and patch it up along the way !
Right ?
Who cares if we violate memories or hopes for a real Star Trek MMO experience for fans of the series !
This game represents everything that ’s wrong with the milking of storied franchises .
There ’s little to no improvement amidst a cut and paste MMO design .
I ’m still in complete awe of Cryptic Studios ’ nearly unequaled failure ( trying hard to think of a worse one ) … or perhaps negligence in comprehending the vision and opportunities available to them with the license they ’re using .
The amount of story driven potential this game could have had is endless … a team of writers should be pumping out awesome stories for people to spend hours on when visiting various planets .
Instead , we ’ve been presented a generic space shooter MMO with an epic license injected into it .
Yes , there are a few minor ingenuities with the space combat , but it simply does n’t carry Star Trek :
Online for those who have experienced the better multiplayer combat that ’s available in a multitude of other games .
Outside of what you see in the game from a visual perspective , this simply is n’t Star Trek … and even then it still seems to miss the boat .
If you ’re interested into trying out an MMO for the first time or are a veteran of the genre , I highly recommend avoiding this game at all costs and waiting for The Old Republic or Guild Wars 2 .
If , on the other hand , you ’re a Star Trek fanatic and you do n’t care about a game that spits in the face of everything Star Trek represents because you simply want to walk in a circle around Deep Space Nine , then go for it – but do n’t say I did n’t warn you .
The camera is now panning out ala Powers of 10 to reveal our entire solar system .
Space … the Final Frontier .
These are the voyages of the starship < insert name > .
Its new mission : to kill or collect things on or above many randomly generated and or uninspired worlds , to seek out constant new fights within repetitive gameplay , to “ boldly ” go where many lackluster MMO ’s have gone before .
Australia 's entertainment community is mourning the loss of Skippy creator John McCallum , who died this morning in a Sydney nursing home .
The 91 - year - old Australian film and television pioneer created the iconic television show , based on the adventures of a boy and a kangaroo .
McCallum acted in numerous films during the 1940s and 50s alongside his wife of 60 years , Googie Withers .
They were both shining stars of the golden era of movies and showbiz , well - known to everyone who counted , including Orson Welles , Alfred Hitchcock and Audrey Hepburn .
But he was best known for his stage work and for writing , directing and producing of the hit television show .
Entertainer Barry Crocker says McCallum took Australian television to the world .
" In the 60s I worked with him of course with Skippy and that was an absolute delight , because he could foresee the future for Australian television on a worldwide market , " he said .
McCallum was born in Brisbane in 1918 and began his career in theatre in London .
But he told the ABC's Talking Heads program in 2007 that the war interrupted all of that .
" [ It was ] absolutely ghastly .
I mean , I 'd been through all the Blitz in London , but nothing was like this , " he said .
" It was a beleaguered city and the Germans wanted to get it back again , so we had V2s , V1s , shells , everything else , the whole time . "
Speaking about Skippy , McCallum said Australian producer Lee Robinson was the brains behind the program , coming up with the idea for a TV show based on a boy and a kangaroo .
" It was really his idea .
And we worked on that - I wanted to call it Hoppy .
He said , no , Skippy , " McCallum said .
" Skippy had a better ring to it for the children .
And so three or four of us put in $ 5,000 , we made a pilot , took it round the world , sold quite a few countries , including England . "
Evan Davis explores the effects of immigration in the UK .
As a test , immigrant employees in Wisbech , Cambridgeshire , temporarily pass their jobs on to unemployed locals .
Evan Davis presents a programme exploring the effects of immigration in the UK by focusing on Wisbech , a town in Cambridgeshire .
Since 2004 this once prosperous market town has received up to 9,000 immigrants seeking work - the majority from Eastern Europe .
But with nearly 2,000 locals unemployed and claiming benefits , many of them blame the foreign workers for their predicament .
To test if the town needs so many foreign workers , immigrant employees are temporarily removed from their jobs , and the work given to the local unemployed .
Now the town 's British workers have a chance to prove they can do it .
Eleven British unemployed workers are recruited to go into a range of different Wisbech workplaces including a potato company , an asparagus farm , an Indian restaurant and a building site run by a local landlord .
Moving beyond the workplace , Evan Davis investigates how the town 's local public services , such as schools and the NHS , are coping with the demands of the new arrivals .
As the British unemployed workers get to grips with their new jobs , this documentary examines the facts and dispels the myths around the subject of immigration .
We , the undersigned , wish to express our support for the release of Stargate SG - 1 %u201CWave 5%u201D and other SG - 1 seven inch action figures by Diamond Select Toys .
It is greatly to our dismay that DST seems intent on discontinuing Stargate SG - 1 figurines .
Stargate SG - 1 was broadcast for ten consecutive years , making it the longest running American science - fiction television program to date .
It continues to be viewed in the United States and internationally .
Its fan - base remains strong and dedicated .
We are awaiting the release of the %u201CWave 5%u201D figures of General Hammond , dress - uniform O%u2019 Neill , black - ops Carter , and Ba%u2019al .
Your company has shown the public photos of the prototypes and thus has obviously prepared the molds for production .
As the release of the General Hammond figure would seem a fitting posthumous honor for our beloved Don S. Davis , many of us have been waiting to purchase this well - crafted tribute .
But we can not buy what you refuse to produce !
If you would release the figures into production , you would find that there is indeed a continued market for SG - 1 , %u201CWave 5%u201D figures , re-release of previous figures , and other previously unproduced SG - 1 related characters .
Thank you .
hedge fund compensation report .
The first shows how much people get paid , by job title : " data - share - img= " " data - share = " twitter , facebook , linkedin , reddit , google , mail " data - share - count = " false " >
Here ’s my favorite pair of charts from David Kochanek ’s latest hedge fund compensation report .
The first shows how much people get paid , by job title :
and the next shows how happy they are , also by job title .
Quite the inverse relationship , it seems !
The accounting types get paid less than anyone else , but are also much happier with how much they ’re paid than anyone else .
Meanwhile , the portfolio managers and COOs , who get paid more than anyone else , are generally pretty unhappy people .
Indeed , overall , a whopping 61 % of the people in the hedge - fund industry are unhappy with their jobs .
Of course , it comes as no surprise to see the lowly analysts at the bottom end of both charts .
But maybe people might ( or should ) be much less keen to become hedgies if they knew that only one in three hedge fund managing directors is actually happy with their lot .
This case will decide whether corporations will be allowed to spend all the money they want on political campaigns , something that has been illegal in the U.S. since 1907 .
Unlimited corporate spending on campaigns would mean that the government would be up for sale to the highest bidder , and that the law itself would be bought and sold .
It would be political bribery on the largest scale imaginable .
I already have introduced five bills to deal with this problem , which you can read about here .
The titles should give you a hint about what they do .
Each one is less than four pages , and each one is something that you do n't have to be a lawyer to read and understand .
Taken as a package , they fight back against corporate influence over our government .
The Business Should Mind Its Own Business Act
The Corporate Propaganda Sunshine Act
The End Political Kickbacks Act
Ending Corporate Collusion Act
Public Company Responsibility Act
I will be introducing more bills .
For now , though , I have launched an emergency petition at www.savedemocracy.net.
Please sign up .
I will be delivering the names of the signers to the Supreme Court tomorrow .
I 'll tell you one thing , for sure .
If this goes unchallenged , then you can kiss your country goodbye .
Resolving and Exploiting the k- CFA Paradox , Matthew Might , Yannis Smaragdakis , and David Van Horn .
To appear in PLDI 2010 .
Low - level program analysis is a fundamental problem , taking the shape of " flow analysis " in functional languages and " points - to " analysis in imperative and object - oriented ( OO ) languages .
Despite the similarities , the vocabulary and results in the two communities remain largely distinct , with limited cross-understanding .
One of the few links is Shivers 's k-CFA work , which has advanced the concept of " context - sensitive analysis " and is widely known in both communities .
Recent results , however , indicate that the relationship between the different incarnations of the analysis is not understood .
Van Horn and Mairson proved k-CFA for k â‰¥ 1 to be EXPTIME - complete , hence no polynomial algorithm exists .
Yet there have been multiple polynomial formulations of context - sensitive points - to analyses in OO languages .
Is functional k- CFA a profoundly different analysis from OO k-CFA ?
We resolve this paradox by showing that OO features conspire to make the exact same specification of k-CFA be polynomial - time : objects and closures are subtly different , in a way that interacts crucially with context - sensitivity .
This leads to a significant practical result : by emulating the OO approximation , we derive a polynomial hierarchy of context - sensitive CFAs for functional programs , simultaneously achieving high precision and efficiency .
Burger King bar debuts in Miami
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Burger King Corp. said Friday it plans to open a Whopper Bar in the South Beach area of Miami next month .
To keep up with Miami 's night life , Burger King ( BKC ) 's new Whopper bar will offer American beer and Whopper sandwiches around the clock , staying open 24 hours a day , seven days a week .
It will be the chain 's first U.S. location to sell beer , and the restaurant will offer a delivery service for local customers , a walk - up window for orders on the go and an outdoor dining area .
" Not only is South Beach in our backyard , but the warm weather , famous nightlife and colorful personality of the destination make it a great fit for a Whopper Bar restaurant , " Chuck Fallon , Burger King 's North America president , said in a company statement .
Burger King 's bar will offer variations on its traditional Whopper sandwich , including an exclusive addition : the Black & Bleu Steakhouse XT .
Customers will be able to choose from 20 sauces , displayed in a " visible toppings theater . "
And when South Beach locals pick up a 4 a.m. burger , they will also have their choice of Anheuser - Busch and MillerCoors beer , including Budweiser , Miller Lite and Budlight Lime at a cost of $ 4.25 .
" That adds a new element to the Burger King brand , " said Tom Forte , an analyst at Telsey Advisory Group .
" It also creates a different mystique for going to a Whopper Bar versus a traditional restaurant . "
The Whopper Bar concept was introduced in March 2008 , and the first bar opened a year later at Universal Orlando Resort in Florida .
Burger King has also opened bars in Munich , Singapore and Venezuela .
Las Vegas , New York City and Los Angeles could be some of Burger King 's next Whopper Bar targets , the company said .
Forte said he wo n't be surprised if beer pops up on the menus of other fast food restaurants as well .
" In the restaurant industry , if it works for one , others will try , " said Forte .
" Other operators are watching from the sidelines to see how effective this is for Burger King and then may consider it . "
" Edgier " restaurants with the same core demographics as Burger King -- such as Carl 's Junior and Jack and the Box -- may be next to jump on the bandwagon , he said .
News Flash : We “ No Longer Control Our Government ”
You mean we once did ?
I must have missed it when I blinked .
Keith Olbermann recently spent several consecutive shows in hysterics over the Supreme Court ’s People United decision , announcing in the most dramatic tones that “ …we no longer control our government . ”
What , exactly , does he mean by “ no longer ? ”
Consider : the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) , which Cory Doctorow describes as “ a brutal , unprecedented copyright treaty being negotiated behind closed doors , ” has been in the news recently .
Oddly enough , that treaty was drafted with the help of Mr. Faith and Hope ’s trade representatives , before the Citizens United decision , as I recall .
The WIPO treaty and Uruguay Round TRIPS accord were ratified by pre-Citizens United Congresses .
So was the DMCA .
As a matter of fact , pretty much the whole of U.S. trade policy is drafted behind closed doors by industry representatives and WTO technocrats , and Congress ratifies the resulting treaties without even reading them .
Other major pieces of legislation passed back when “ we ” still controlled “ our ” government include Bush - Cheney ’s massive subsidies to the oil industry , the accelerated depreciation allowance , the R&D tax credit , the interest deduction on corporate debt , Charlie “ What ’s Good for GM ” Wilson ’s Interstate Highway System , and — well , you get the idea .
How about all those vigorous debates we always have before our big wars , when American “ Commanders - in - Chief ” are grilled relentlessly and forced to prove to the American people , beyond a reasonable doubt , that a genuine threat exists ?
Eh ?
Do n’t remember that ?
Come to think of it , I do n’t either .
I do remember , however , what turned out to be a lot of manufactured lies about Kuwaiti incubator babies and satellite photos of Iraqi armor massed on the Saudi border .
I remember learning after the fact that the U.S. had encouraging the Kuwaiti government to engage in provocative behavior like slanted oil drilling on the Iraqi border , while April Glaspie reassured Saddam that the U.S. really could n’t be bothered with trivial crap like one Arab country invading another .
I remember Bush I immediately beginning the shipment of troops to Saudi Arabia to confront the public with a fait accompli .
And I remember that the latter tactic worked , as yellow ribbons infested the country and people began ostentatiously “ supporting the troops . ”
Of course none of that ’s anything new .
As a matter of fact , according to Samuel P. Huntington the United States was only able to function as “ hegemonic power in a system of world order ” because it was governed by ( ahem ) “ the president acting with the support and cooperation of key individuals and groups in the Executive office , the federal bureaucracy , Congress , and the more important businesses , banks , law firms , foundations , and media , which constitute the private establishment . ”
So the transition from the good old days when we did “ control our government ” was , shall we say , somewhat less than abrupt .
IEs4 Linux is the simpler way to have Microsoft Internet Explorer running on Linux ( or any OS running Wine ) .
No clicks needed .
No boring setup processes .
No Wine complications .
Just one easy script and you 'll get three IE versions to test your Sites .
And it 's free and open source .
This may be very helpful for software developers and web developers to test their applications .
IEs4Linux Installation in Debian
Before installing Internet Explorer you need to install the following packages
#apt - get install wine cabextract
Now youi need to download IEs4 Linux script from here
$ wget http://www.tatanka.com.br/ies4linux/downloads/ies4linux-2.0.3.tar.gz
$ tar xzvf ies4linux - 2.0.3.tar.gz
$cd ies4linux - 2.0.3
Once you are inside ies4linux - 2.0.3 directory you need to run the following script to install internet explorer
$./ies4linux
This will install the internet explore in your machine and after the end of installation it will give you from where you need to run IE6 .
from my machine i am using the following
$ /root/bin/ie6
This will open IE6 and you can see internet explorer in action
[ thumb:471:c:l=p ]
IEs4Linux Installation in Ubuntu
You have to enable universe packages first .
It is also recommended that you use the official winehq ubuntu package :
Open /etc/apt/sources.list file
$ sudo gedit /etc/apt/sources.list
Uncomment following lines in your /etc/apt/sources.list and it may be different if you are in different country instead of UK
deb http://uk.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu dapper universe
deb-src http://uk.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu dapper universe
Add WineHQ APT Repository
or
If you want to add source packages from the repository
Currently , wine only have i386 binary packages available .
If you do not use an i386 architecture , or wish to compile the package in a special or optimized way , you can build the wine package using the source repository instead .
To do this , add a source repository with one of the following :
deb-src http://wine.budgetdedicated.com/apt dapper main
Close gedit and run an update to take your new Repository
$ sudo apt - get update
Install wine and cabextract
$ sudo apt - get install wine cabextract
Now you need to download IEs4 Linux script from here
$ wget http://www.tatanka.com.br/ies4linux/downloads/ies4linux-2.0.3.tar.gz
$ tar xzvf ies4linux - 2.0.3.tar.gz
$cd ies4linux - 2.0.3
Once you are inside ies4linux - 2.0.3 directory you need to run the following script to install internet explorer
$./ies4linux
This will install the internet explore in your machine .
To run IE you need to run the following command and it may be different for others this path at the end of installation it will give from where you want to run
$ /root/bin/ie6
You should see the Internet explorer opening
Internet Explorer Version and Widows Media Player
[ thumb:425:c:l=p ]
If you want to see this in action check the following screen
[ thumb:423:c:l=p ]
If try to run / root / bin / ie6 as root user you will get the following error messages so you need to run as user
#/root /bin/ie6
fixme : actctx : CreateActCtxW stub !
err:imagelist :ImageList_ReplaceIcon no color !
err:imagelist :ImageList_ReplaceIcon no color !
err:imagelist :ImageList_ReplaceIcon no color !
err:imagelist :ImageList_ReplaceIcon no color !
Application tries to create a window , but no driver could be loaded .
Make sure that your X server is running and that $ DISPLAY is set correctly .
If you want to check more information about this script check here
