For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Last week , California lawmakers approved several bills that could overhaul the state ’s troubled water system for the first time in 60 years .
Farm interests and some environmental groups hailed the measures , fueling hopes that a generation of feuds over the state ’s most vital and overexploited natural resource might soon be over .
“ We certainly hope that this is the beginning of the end of California ’s epic water wars , ” says Laura Harnish , California regional director of the Environmental Defense Fund ( EDF ) .
“ It points us in a new direction , away from the brink of disaster towards a more sensible approach to solving both our ecosystem and water supply problems . ”
The package of bills represents an ambitious bid to restore the Sacramento River delta , the state ’s main water source .
It calls for new wetland restoration projects , dams , water conservation standards , and environmental monitoring , as well as a Delta Stewardship Council that would have the authority to approve a costly new canal that might relieve pressure on the endangered delta smelt .
It would fund the efforts through user fees and a massive $ 11 billion bond that must be approved by voters .
The Natural Resources Defense Council and Nature Conservancy also supported the bills , but the package was opposed by the Sierra Club and many smaller environmental groups that focus on water issues .
Jim Metropulos , the Sierra Club ’s water lobbyist , argues that the bills rely too heavily on costly infrastructure that the state can ill afford , rather than cheaper conservation measures .
“ What the delta needs is a heart transplant to save fisheries and help all people in the state of California , ” he says , “ and not just the water contractors . ”
While EDF shares some of the Sierra Club ’s objections to the bills , Harnish argues that the package was a tactical victory for environmentalists .
She believes that the water bond , which helped the package win Republican votes , will ultimately fail at the polls , leaving behind a valuable set of new conservation and monitoring standards that do n’t require voter approval .
( Sarah Woolf , a spokeswoman for the water - strapped Westlands Irrigation district , expresses hope that some water projects would go forward even without bond money . )
Yet Metropulos is unimpressed with what environmentalists won .
He argues that the Delta Stewardship Council lacks funding and is too beholden to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , that a requirement to cut urban water use 20 percent by 2020 effectively grandfathers in some of the state ’s most wasteful water users , and that key language in the bill explicitly prohibits state lawmakers from relying on a comprehensive new study of delta ecology when crafting future policies .
“ When you look at a lot of different details of the package , ” he says , “ it ’s pretty deficient . ”
Still worse , Metropulos says , the bill explicitly puts the needs of water consumers and the environment on equal footing , setting up a potential tangle with the federal Endangered Species Act .
“ Judges are still going to have to make decisions , ” he says .
“ And it ’s not equal ; they will have to take sides . ”
The upshot is that California ’s water wars are far from over , he says .
Even so , the water package has given hope to residents of the Central Valley , who , as I report in Mother Jones ’ November / December issue , are living through the kind of severe drought that is likely to become common due to climate change .
Increasingly , valley residents support stricter water conservation standards and efforts to restore the delta , seeing them as vital to saving their farms .
The water package “ is what we have been waiting for , ” says Robert Silva , the mayor of Mendota , a town on the west side of the valley that saw 40 percent unemployment this year .
“ We need to take care of everybody . ”
Most of the prescription offered by the 2025 task force for catching up with Australia is " too radical " for the government to pick up , says Finance Minister Bill English .
Dr Don Brash 's medicine for the New Zealand economy includes slashing government spending by $ 9 billion a year .
In his just - released report on how New Zealand 's average incomes can catch Australia 's by 2025 , Brash has outlined a radical plan that would see social spending slashed in order to cut tax rates to just 20 percent .
The report proposes either a flat tax rate of 20 percent or 25 percent for wage and salary earners and 12.5 percent for profits , interest and dividends .
It says anyone earning more than $ 14,000 a year would pay less tax and that would lead to " a surge of enterprise , excitment about the future , and stronger economic growth " .
But to pay for the tax cuts and to stimulate the economy , Brash 's report proposes cutting government spending to 2005 levels of 29 percent of GDP within three years .
That would see some $ 9 billion cut from core government operating spending .
Proposals for achieving this include :
* " Ambitious " welfare reform including cutting beneficiary numbers , raising age of super eligibility , fewer universal subsidies
* Scrapping Kiwisaver subsidies and axing the Cullen super fund and using the cash to repay debt
* End cheap doctors ' visits and scrap prescription subsidies for middle class
* Cut funding for early childhood education
* Scrap interest - free student loans
* Abolish youth minimum wage and cut adult minimum wage
Brash 's report also recommends changing labour laws to make it eaiser to sack workers , extend probationary period for new workers from 90 days to a year , and making high income earners subject to contract law rather than employment law .
At the press conference Brash said that unless tax rates and government spending were cut , the Government 's goal of catching Australia " cannot be achieved " .
He said if the Government ignored the recommendations " there may be some other cunning plan but I 'm not aware of it " .
Brash denied he was suggesting slashing spending , saying a $ 9 billion cut was only taking spending back to 2005 levels .
" Some are saying this is Roger Douglas .
It 's actually more Michael Cullen . "
He urged the Government and the public to consider the recommendations rather than dismissing them as too radical .
" It would be a great shame if , instead of a period of conversation and reflection on the whole report and the issues it raises , particular interests launched instead into immediate commendation or condemnation of specific line items . "
Prime Minister John Key said during the 1980s and 1990s New Zealand underwent radical economic reform while Australia took a more incremental approach .
The trans - Tasman neighbour was now in much better shape .
" In that regard I am not convinced that absolutely radical big bang reform is the right way to go , " Mr Key said .
" It would certainly have a dramatic effect on New Zealanders and in the short term it would feel very much like we were pulling the rug out from underneath them . "
Mr Key said the Government would also keep its promises .
" We campaigned on some core commitments , like not raising the age of super or putting the interest back on student loans , and we would be breaking those commitments if we went and did that so we are not going to . "
The taskforce was set up as part of a support agreement with the ACT Party which has a key policy plank of a flat tax and takes its name from the year that New Zealand aimed to catch up with Australia .
Mr English said the government would " pick it 's way " through the report to see what recommendations it could implement .
But it already had a significant programme underway to boost the economy and the report made recommendations that the government " certainly wo n't accept " .
That would require it to break election promises and it was not going to do that .
" The report is too radical for the government to pick up and just push it through . "
He did not accept Dr Brash 's insistence , meanwhile , that New Zealand could not catch Australia economically without implementing the proposals .
" There 's always more than one way of achieving economic growth . "
Dr Brash said cutting back government spending levels to those of five years ago would fund the supposed tax cut programme .
Labour leader Phil Goff questioned the motivation behind the taskforce .
" It makes you wonder why you would set up a committee led by Don Brash who has come up with an entirely predictable and discredited agenda , " Mr Goff said .
" Why would you do that other than maybe to frighten the hell out of people , put up a straw man and then say ' look we 're only going to go part way toward that agenda ' and everybody breaths a sigh of relief because the slashing that occurs is n't quite as extreme as the Brash proposal . "
- with TRACY WATKINS , and NZPA
By George Will - October 4 , 2009
WASHINGTON -- Last Thursday , the president 's " engagement " with Iran began .
This Wednesday , the U.S. war in Afghanistan will enter its ninth year .
And U.S. foreign policy is entering a White Queen phase .
In " Through the Looking Glass , " Alice says she is unable to believe the White Queen 's claim to be 101 .
The Queen responds , " Try again : draw a long breath , and shut your eyes . "
Alice : " There 's no use trying , one can't believe impossible things . "
Queen : " Why , sometimes I 've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast . "
Regarding Afghanistan , the president might believe he can effect a Houdini - like escape , uninjured , from the box his words have built .
Regarding Iran , he seems to believe its leaders can be talked or coerced ( by economic sanctions ) out of their long , costly pursuit of nuclear weapons by convincing them that such weapons do not serve Iran 's " security . "
On March 27 , the president announced " a comprehensive new strategy for Afghanistan and Pakistan . "
He said his " clear and focused goal " was to prevent the Taliban from toppling Afghanistan 's government , and to prevent al - Qaeda from returning to Afghanistan or Pakistan .
U.S. forces " will take the fight to the Taliban " in Afghanistan 's " south " and " east " but " at the same time , we will shift the emphasis of our mission to training and increasing the size of Afghan security forces . "
On Aug. 17 , the president reiterated his belief that U.S. involvement in Afghanistan is " not a war of choice .
This is a war of necessity . "
This was two months after he replaced the U.S. commander there with Gen. Stanley McChrystal , directing him to assess the resources required for the strategy .
The general has done that .
But the president does not yet want to discuss troop numbers .
Why not ?
The president 's national security adviser , Jim Jones , a former four - star Marine general , told The Washington Post that before deciding on troop levels , the focus must be on strategy : " The bumper sticker here is strategy before resources . "
So , is the president reassessing his March 27 strategy ?
If so , why ?
Perhaps because fraud devalued Afghanistan 's election .
But it was not a sunburst of new information that President Hamid Karzai is corrupt .
Or did the president believe , as only the White Queen could , that Karzai had reformed ?
Granted , counterinsurgency -- especially when it includes the nation - building implicit in McChrystal 's assessment -- requires a reliable partner .
But , again , Karzai was a known commodity on March 27 .
Besides , a presidential strategy is half - baked if its author decides it is dubious after its first collision with difficulty .
Regarding Iran , what did we learn when we learned about the secret nuclear facility in the tunnel ?
That Iran is pursuing nuclear weapons ?
We knew that .
That Iran lies ?
We knew that , too .
We did , however , learn something when the president , at the G - 20 meeting in Pittsburgh , went public with his knowledge of the facility .
On one side of the president stood France 's president .
On the other side stood Britain 's prime minister , who said Iran 's behavior would " shock and anger the whole international community . "
Not quite .
The leaders of Russia and China were not standing with the president .
China has contracted to provide Iran with gasoline , a commodity that could be central to what Defense Secretary Robert Gates calls " severe " sanctions that he thinks might cause Iran to change course .
Russia 's real leader , Vladimir Putin , was not even in Pittsburgh .
Russia 's Potemkin president , Dmitry Medvedev , did say something that only the White Queen could believe means that Russia will participate in serious pressure on Iran : Sanctions are not " the best means of obtaining results " but " if all possibilities " are exhausted , " we could consider international sanctions . "
Over to you , Queen .
Gates says " the only way " to prevent a nuclear - capable Iran " is for the Iranian government to decide that their security is diminished by having those weapons , as opposed to strengthened . "
But to accept that formulation requires accepting two propositions that would tax the White Queen 's powers of belief .
One is that possession of nuclear weapons would make Iran less secure .
Question : If Saddam Hussein had possessed nuclear weapons in March 2003 , would the United States have invaded Iraq ?
Iran 's leaders probably think they know the answer .
The other proposition is that Iran 's regime seeks nuclear weapons merely to enhance the nation 's security and not also for regional hegemony or the enjoyment of the enlarged status that comes from being a nuclear power .
To believe that , draw a long breath , and shut your eyes .
Every aspect of your DWI case should be investigated and questioned by your attorney .
Mr. Noble has developed a reputation in the legal and local communities for being a strong advocate for his clients , aggressively challenging , and winning , DWI cases .
Mr. Noble is committed to fighting for you .
He has tried more DWI cases than any attorney in the State of Missouri .
Many people who are charged with drunk driving just assume there is no way to fight it .
They think the best they can hope for is a smaller fine or a reduction in the amount of time they lose their license .
Sometimes , they are able to make a deal for probation instead of jail time .
[ Telepathy ] API sketches for encrypted channels , and OTR
Hi , Here at the Boston Gnome Summit , Sjoerd , Rob and I stood around a blackboard drawing pictures [ 0 ] of how encrypted channels ( using XTLS on XMPP , for instance ) would look .
Vague summary : Connection has Verification channels ( because they could be dispatched to a verification UI ) which let you do key exchange with various contacts .
Verification channels point to the set of channels they relate to ( mutable ) .
Verification : • Cyphers : as • ... Encrypted channels ( text , FT , call , tube , ... ) have an Encryption interface : • Encrypted : b • Verified : b • VerificationObject : o Properties can only move from False to True within the lifetime of a channel .
Maybe we should make Encrypted immutable instead ?
CM can opportunistically encrypt ; you do n't need to have a Verification channel handler * or* a UI which understands them .
But if you want you can request a channel with Encrypted : True , Verified : True , and then presumably the channel request would wait on the Verification channel being acted upon appropriately .
( If the Verification channel was closed without being sorted out , because it could n't be dispatched , then your channel request would fail ) .
Connection may need a KeyManagement interface ; resolved later .
( Side point : we could make SASL be a channel too , which is dispatched while the connection is still Connecting .
This would mean that MC would dispatch the Kerberos challenge or whatever . )
We then discussed various ways we could implement OTR support in Telepathy , ideally using the same API as for XTLS channels : 1 . Build OTR support into the necessary CMs ( Gabble , Butterfly , Haze ) and implement the same API as for XTLS .
Pros : • UIs which support proper encryption can do OTR without modification Cons : •
Have to link libotr to all those CMs , which feels like a duplication of the same code .
2 . Have a proxy CM which pretends to be gabble etc. and runs the real CMs on a private bus , proxying all their channels verbatim except for those which it frobs for OTR .
Pros : • UIs which support proper encryption can do OTR without modification .
•
Only have to write it once .
Cons : •
Yet another tiny daemon ; •
Has to pretend to be all the CMs before MC5 starts ; • Easy to mess up , hard to debug , confusing .
3 . Write an observer which also pretends to be a CM , which pops up OTR - proxied text channels ( implementing the standard encryption API ) when it sees the OTR message fly past .
Pros : •
Do n't need to modify CMs ; • Only implement OTR once .
Cons : •
Need to modify the UIs to understand magic sidecar channels , which would need an interface saying " I 'm like that channel over there --> " ; • Unmodified loggers get misc base64 in their logs .
4 . Put OTR support directly into all the loggers and UIs Pros : • Do n't need to modify the CMs ; • Do n't need yet another tiny daemon , with weird sidecar channels .
Cons : •
Need to modify the UIs even more severely , linking libotr into every one ; • Unmodified UIs and loggers get base64 .
Sjoerd and Will prefer 1 ( Will likes the idea of 2 in principle because it keeps the OTR in one self - contained blob , but thinks that in practice 1 is easier to implement and maintain ) ; Rob prefers 2 or 3 .
Note that we can't just use the standard Pidgin plugin in Haze because it uses the dialog box API and writes crap into the conversation window , but the code would be very similar to that in Gabble ( unless the code is in Wocky , which Sjoerd is pro- ) .
So option 1 would involve 2½–3 implementations of OTR support .
It 's not really worth implementing it for the other CMs ( OTR on IRC / SMS / SIP ? Woo ) . [ 0 ]
http://people.collabora.co.uk/~wjt/tmp/encrypted-channels.jpg
Regards , -- Will -------------- next part
--------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed ...
Name : signature.asc
Type : application / pgp-signature Size : 261 bytes Desc : OpenPGP digital signature Url : http://lists.freedesktop.org/archives/telepathy/attachments/20091012/1f38e1eb/attachment.pgp
THE FACTS
For centuries , garlic has been extolled not just for its versatility in the kitchen but also for its medicinal powers .
Whatever the reason , studies seem to support an effect .
In one double - blind study , published in 2001 under the direction of Peter Josling , British scientists followed 146 healthy adults over 12 weeks from November to February .
Those who had been randomly selected to receive a daily garlic supplement came down with 24 colds during the study period , compared with 65 colds in the placebo group .
The garlic group experienced 111 days of sickness , versus 366 for those given a placebo .
They also recovered faster .
Image Credit ... Christoph Neimann
Besides the odor , studies have found minimal side effects , like nausea and rash .
One possible explanation for such benefits is that a compound called allicin , the main biologically active component of garlic , blocks enzymes that play a role in bacterial and viral infections .
Or perhaps people who consume enough garlic simply repel others , and thus steer clear of their germs .
' Geoff ' , not his real name , said up to 20 men , including players and their friends , had gone on the trip , which was not sanctioned by the club .
He said the club had been involved in an AFL respect for women course and had " tried our utmost to employ the right policies for these kids " .
" It is just so devastating to find out that something like this ( allegedly ) happens on a weekend away that 's trying to celebrate the end of the season , " he said .
" It was n’t an official function or anything , it just comes as a complete and utter shock to all the families involved of all the boys who were interviewed . "
Geoff said the club would stand by its charged players , who were " innocent until proven guilty " .
" We 're not going to abandon our boys , we 're going to stick by them and ... make sure that they 're looked after and helped out and get the help that they need to get through , " he said .
Victorian Premier John Brumby said today he could not comment on the case , but any act of violence against women was completely inexcusable .
" Rape is the worst crime there is , " he said .
" I feel very strongly about these matters , you know , as a parent with two daughters .
Getting the message out into the community about the complete unacceptability of any act of violence against women is just such an important thing to do . "
Police allege the women were held prisoner and repeatedly raped by the footballers after being lured to a rented house on Phillip Island .
One of the women , 18 , alleged she was sexually assaulted by as many as eight men .
Her friend , also 18 who was allegedly assaulted by up to five men , is not pressing charges , but said she would act as a witness for her friend .
Three young men - teammates in Montmorency Football Club 's under - 19 side - appeared in an out - of - sessions court last night charged with three counts of rape , two of indecent assault and one of unlawful imprisonment on October 10 .
The charges relate to the same woman .
Trent Cantwell , 18 , of Lower Plenty , Ruben James Mineo , 18 , of Bundoora , were bailed to appear in the Melbourne Magistrates Court on Friday .
Cantwell , a Year 12 student , was to sit a VCE English exam that day .
A 17 - year - old from Montmorency , who cannot be named , will appear at the Children 's Court on November 27 .
Thirteen others were interviewed by police yesterday , but were released , pending investigation .
Victorian sexual crimes squad detectives said they expected to lay further charges .
$ 10,000 damage bill at holiday house
The landlord of the Cowes house allegedly trashed by the footballers says he has been left with a damage bill of about $ 10,000 .
The man , who did not want to be identified , said the footballers had already paid $ 1300 restitution - however , it would cost an additional $ 8500 to fix up the damage .
He said there were holes in some walls .
There was damage to furniture , curtains , the washing machine and it took cleaning staff two days to clean things up .
The man said the holiday home had been booked online for a group of eight adults and he would never have let it out to 16 youths .
AFL boss Andrew Demetriou appealed to anyone present at the alleged assault to tell police everything they know .
Mr Demetriou told Radio 3 AW he was " absolutely appalled " and " incredibly outraged " after hearing the allegations .
He said the AFL had offered support services to the two women .
Police said that some of the young men met the two women at a hotel and invited them to a party at the house in Cowes .
The women arrived to discover 30 men there .
It was alleged that the women were ushered into separate bedrooms and that wardrobes were pushed across the doors to stop them from escaping , before they were repeatedly assaulted .
The women were able to escape the next morning when a brawl broke out among the youths .
Detective Sergeant Jason
Walsh , from the sexual crimes squad , told the court that the trip to Phillip Island had been organised by members of Montmorency ’s under - 19 team .
Mr Demetriou told ABC Radio the AFL had outlawed such trips and footballers wanting to celebrate the end of season were now required to travel in smaller groups with " escorts " .
He said the AFL would continue to drive a cultural shift in the football community which centred on respecting women and responsible drinking .
" Throughout the football industry compared to five years ago there has been a significant shift in the attitude towards women ... but we are going to continue to get people who ignore the messages , " he told the ABC .
" There are people , not just in football clubs , there are men in the community who think it 's OK ( to force themselves on women ) " .
Mr Demetriou did not want to comment on the specific case but said in any sexual incident where women were greatly outnumbered by men " the issue of consent becomes very problematic " .
In a statement posted on the club ’s website this morning , president Gary Green said Montmorency condemned any violence towards women and was cooperating with the police investigation .
Police said they found a large amount of blood at the scene .
They have taken blood , semen and fingerprint samples .
Police told the court last night the 17 - year - old and Cantwell , who won a Northern Football League best - and - fairest award last year , had described what they believed were consensual acts .
Mineo had told police that he disputed the woman ’s statement regarding the question of consent .
When asked by bail justice Annette Stockman if he wanted to address the court about bail , Mineo said he could understand if she thought " this kid ’s a monster who would do something like that " .
He then said : " My parents did n’t bring me up to do something like that .
I ’m ashamed .
I want to see my mum . "
Police had opposed bail on the grounds that the three might contact teammates or other witnesses and interfere with the case .
But Ms Stockman granted bail on conditions including that they report to police , surrender or not apply for passports , and do not contact anyone from the Montmorency Football Club or the alleged victims or their families .
Also included in the conditions was a stipulation that they not go to Cowes or Phillip Island , or contact any witnesses .
A Montmorency coach yesterday said the trip was not officially connected to the club .
" It was not an official trip .
The only official football trip involved seniors and reserves players that went to Glenelg , " he said .
Northern Football League general manager Kevin Crompton said the news was disappointing for the league and the club as Montmorency had embraced a program highlighting that violence against women was unacceptable .
Mr Crompton said the club had supported the AFL ’s " respect and responsibility policy " that promotes a commitment to address violence against women and to create a safe and supportive environment for women and girls across the football industry .
The AFL , on its website , says the policy is about shifting attitudes - " ensuring that people throughout the Australian football industry are aware , and have structures in place , that recognise that violence against women and behaviour that harms or degrades women , is never acceptable " .
Mr Crompton said Montmorency had not only backed the program but had also hosted the sessions .
" As a club , they were very supportive of the program , " he said .
AFL Victoria chief executive officer Peter Schwab said he was shocked by the allegations .
" It ’s an extremely distressing time for the two girls concerned and our thoughts are with them , " he said .
Detective Inspector Glenn Davies from the sexual crimes squad said violence against women would not be tolerated .
Loading
" I encourage all women who are victims of sexual assault to report these offences to police , " he said .
Detectives have visited nightclubs at Phillip Island and are looking through closed - circuit television tapes from around the time the alleged rapes occurred .
Nine European countries participate in the EuroMillions lottery Nobody has yet claimed a share of the 100 m - euro ( £ 91 m ) EuroMillions jackpot won by two British tickets on Friday .
Operator Camelot said that by Saturday evening there had been " no valid claims " of the UK 's largest ever lottery prizes of £ 45,570,835.50 .
If one person , rather than a syndicate , owns either ticket it will also be the UK 's biggest ever individual win .
In May , a ticket bought in Spain broke the European lottery 's record by netting a 126 m euros ( £ 110 m ) jackpot .
" We have plenty of champagne on ice and are looking forward to welcoming the lucky ticketholders to the National Lottery millionaires ' club , " said a National Lottery spokeswoman .
Treat yourself with an impulse purchase and then take two steps back to let it all sink in
Mark Gardiner , 1995 lottery winner
10 things you cannot buy with £ 45 m
Until now , the biggest ever single win was by former Royal Mail worker Angela Kelly , from East Kilbride , South Lanarkshire , who scooped £ 35.4 m in August 2007 .
She offered her congratulations to the latest millionaires " on taking my National Lottery title " .
" My win has enabled me to bring a great deal of happiness to my friends and family , which has in turn made me very happy , " she said .
" I wish the new winner the best of luck . "
HAVE YOUR SAY
Being materially rich is better and more exciting than being poor .
But it really is n't everything ...
Nikki , Gosport Mark Gardiner , of Hastings , East Sussex , shared £ 22,590,829 with Paul Maddison in June 1995 .
He said : " I 'd say to the winner - enjoy yourself , do the one thing you have always wanted to do or buy , treat yourself with an impulse purchase and then take two steps back to let it all sink in . "
The winning numbers on Friday were 19 , 43 , 45 , 34 , 11 and the Lucky Star numbers were 5 and 9 .
Nine European countries participate in the EuroMillions lottery - the UK , the Irish Republic , France , Spain , Portugal , Austria , Switzerland , Belgium and Luxembourg .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I don’ t know what sort of world NYT reporters live in , but I am now convinced that some like Paul Krugman have no clue about the real world people live in elsewhere .
‘ This Week ” with George Stephanopoulos debates ClimateGate – more here
Noel Sheppard over at Newsbusters provides some video and transcript of a debate between Paul Krugman of the NYT and Washington Post columnist George Will .
When I read what Paul Krugman said , I laughed out loud .
He ’s truly clueless .
Here ’s the context :
WILL : Speaking of the marketplace , the biggest industry in the world right now may be fighting climate change .
There are billions , trillions of dollars on the table , and when you say , well , they are academics and they are scientists and they talk in funny ways — academics are human beings , and the enormous incentive to get on the bandwagon on global warming , the financial incentive , the market driving this , is huge .
KRUGMAN : There is tremendously more money in being a skeptic than there is in being a supporter .
WILL : Hardly .
KRUGMAN : It ’s so much easier , come on .
You got the energy industry ’s behind it .
There are 20 times as many believers as there are skeptics in the scientific community .
They get almost equal time in the media .
( CROSSTALK ) WILL :
Is there a larger venture capital firm in this country than the Energy Department of this government , which right now is sending out billions and billions of dollars in speculation on green energy ?
Noel Sheppard writes :
Skeptics get almost equal time in the media ?
Yeah , that ’s why this appears to be the first time ABC addressed this ClimateGate issue .
As for there being more money in being a skeptic than there is in supporting this myth , the facts say otherwise .
The Science and Public Policy Institute issued a report on the money involved in funding the global warming debate in August concluding , “ Over the last two decades , US taxpayers have subsidized the American climate change industry to the tune of $ 79 billion . ”
By contrast , the same study found that the media bogeyman “ Exxon Mobil gave a mere $ 23 million , spread over ten years , to climate sceptics . ”
See the video and transcript at Newsbusters
UPDATE : Professor Don Easterbrook left this comment on the ABC news site :
I ’ve spent 4 decades studying global climate change and as a scientist I am appalled at Krugman ’s cavalier shrugging off the Hadley email scandal as ‘ just the way scientists talk among themselves . ’
That ’s like saying it ’s alright for politicians to be corrupt because that ’s the way they are .
Legitimate scientists do not doctor data , delete data they do n’t like , hide data they do n’t want seen , hijack the peer review process , personally attack other scientists whose views differ from theirs , send fraudulent data to the IPCC that is used to perpetuate the greatest hoax in the history science , provide false data to further legislation on climate change that will result in huge profits for corrupt lobbyists and politicians , and tell outright lies about scientific data .
Posted by : Don Easterbrook | Nov 29 , 2009 1:57:05 PM
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
The Men Behind The Dolls Fantasy Focus stars Matthew Berry , Nate Ravitz and Pod Vader pose with their dolls .
( Joe Mead/ ESPNRadio.com )
Two Puggles ( baby echidnas ) born in August were put on display for the media at Australia 's Perth Zoo yesterday .
The Puggles ' names are Moa and Kain .
Having bred the notoriously difficult - to - breed species three years in a row , the zoo believes it has the foundation of a captive breeding program for its critically endangered cousin , the long - beaked echidna of New Guinea .
Daniel Scarparolo / Perth Zoo
Answering questions asked on the site .
Princess asks :
Hello , I 've got a problem with SQL .
I have a table which contains the production details for the factories .
They are not factories and items of course but I cannot disclose the project and need to obfuscate so let 's pretend they are :)
I need to select the items for which the first 5 factories have low production rate .
I tried to do the query like this : SELECT ProductionItem FROM FactoryProductions WHERE 5 >= FactoryID AND 100 >= ProductionAmount which returns correct results but is slow .
I have an index on ( FactoryID , ProductionAmount ) .
There are 13 Factories and 2,300,000 Items
This is in MySQL
This is a nice illustration of how index range evaluation works in MySQL and how to optimize it .
We will assume that the ProductionAmount is usually much higher than 100
Now , let 's create a sample table :
Table creation details
CREATE TABLE filler ( id INT NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT ) ENGINE=Memory ; CREATE TABLE t_factory ( factory INT NOT NULL , item INT NOT NULL , production FLOAT NOT NULL , PRIMARY KEY ( factory , item ) , KEY ( factory , production ) ) ENGINE=InnoDB DEFAULT CHARSET=UTF8 ; DELIMITER $ $ CREATE PROCEDURE prc_filler ( cnt INT ) BEGIN DECLARE _cnt INT ; SET _cnt = 1 ; WHILE _cnt <= cnt DO INSERT INTO filler SELECT _cnt ; SET _cnt = _cnt +
1 ; END WHILE ; END $ $ DELIMITER ; START TRANSACTION ; CALL prc_filler ( 1000000 ) ; COMMIT ; INSERT INTO t_factory ( factory , item , production ) SELECT ( id - 1 ) div 100000 + 1 , ( id - 1 ) % 100000 + 1 , RAND ( 20091007 ) * 10000000 FROM filler ;
This table contains 10 factories , 100,000 items and random production values from 0 to 10,000,000 .
This is less than your table but enough to show the principle .
Let 's issue your query :
SELECT * FROM t_factory WHERE factory <= 5 AND production <= 100
View query details
factory item production 4 24768 25.5276 5 20126 8.67993 5 47547 11.3249 3 rows fetched in 0.0002s ( 0.4110s ) id select_type table type possible_keys key key_len ref rows filtered Extra 1 SIMPLE t_factory range PRIMARY , factory PRIMARY 4 500326 100.00 Using where select `20091007_in`.`t_factory`.`factory` AS `factory`, `20091007_in`.`t_factory`.`item` AS `item`, `20091007_in`.`t_factory`.`production` AS `production` from `20091007_in`.`t_factory` where (( `20091007_in`.`t_factory`.`factory` <= 5 ) and ( `20091007_in`.`t_factory`.`production` <= 100 ) )
We see that the query uses a range on the index over ( factory , production ) but it 's still slow , 400 ms .
Why is it ?
If we look into the execution plan , we will see that the key_len is 4 .
However , we have two columns in the index , so the total key length should be 8 ( sizeof ( int ) + sizeof ( int ) ) .
This means that only a part of a key is used .
MySQL uses the range to get all records with factory <= 5 then browses them and filters out those with production > 100 .
This requires browsing lots of records .
MySQL does it because it cannot get a single , countiguous range from this condition .
There may be potentially infinite number of records with factory <= 5 , each on them having its own range of production <= 100 , and these ranges are not consecutive .
Though MySQL cannot do a range access method on an infinite number of ranges , it can do it allright on a finite number of ranges .
That is , if we explicitly provide the id's of the factories , each id will make a single contiguous range : ( id , - Inf ) <= ( factory , production ) <= ( id , 100 )
And since we have a limited number of the id 's , MySQL can combine all these ranges and get them in a single trip over the index .
Here 's the query to do that :
SELECT * FROM t_factory WHERE factory IN ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ) AND production <= 100
View query details
factory item production 4 24768 25.5276 5 20126 8.67993 5 47547 11.3249 3 rows fetched in 0.0002s ( 0.0022s ) id select_type table type possible_keys key key_len ref rows filtered Extra 1 SIMPLE t_factory range PRIMARY , factory factory 8 6 100.00 Using where ; Using index select `20091007_in`.`t_factory`.`factory` AS `factory`, `20091007_in`.`t_factory`.`item` AS `item`, `20091007_in`.`t_factory`.`production` AS `production` from `20091007_in`.`t_factory` where (( `20091007_in`.`t_factory`.`factory` in ( 1,2,3,4,5 ) ) and ( `20091007_in`.`t_factory`.`production` <= 100 ) )
This query is instant , only 2 ms .
But what if this list is too long to generate ?
We can build in runtime with the same condition .
The only thing we need is to do it over the DISTINCT values factory .
Since we have an index on ( factory , production ) , DISTINCT is very fast because it will be optimized with an index for group by :
SELECT fi.* FROM ( SELECT DISTINCT factory FROM t_factory WHERE factory <= 5 ) fd JOIN t_factory fi ON fi.factory <= fd.factory AND fi.factory >= fd.factory AND fi.production <= 100
View query details
factory item production 4 24768 25.5276 5 20126 8.67993 5 47547 11.3249 3 rows fetched in 0.0002s ( 0.0026s ) id select_type table type possible_keys key key_len ref rows filtered Extra 1 PRIMARY < derived2 >
ALL 5 100.00 1 PRIMARY fi ALL PRIMARY , factory 1000653 100.00 Range checked for each record ( index map : 0x3 ) 2 DERIVED t_factory range PRIMARY , factory PRIMARY 4 9 100.00 Using where ;
Using index for group - by select `20091007_in`.`fi`.`factory` AS `factory` , `20091007_in`.`fi`.`item` AS `item`, `20091007_in`.`fi`.`production` AS `production` from ( select distinct `20091007_in`.`t_factory`.`factory` AS `factory` from `20091007_in`.`t_factory` where ( `20091007_in`.`t_factory`.`factory` <= 5 ) ) `fd` join `20091007_in`.`t_factory` `fi` where (( `20091007_in`.`fi`.`factory` < = `fd`.`factory` ) and ( `20091007_in`.`fi`.`factory` >= `fd`.`factory` ) and ( `20091007_in`.`fi`.`production` <= 100 ) )
The query is split into three parts :
The range is applied to the table : only that part of the index is used which has factory <= 5 .
DISTINCT clause is applied .
Using index for group - by in the query plan means that the engine skips the duplicate values using the index : whenever it finds a key , it returns it and then searches for the next key .
This is very fast .
Finally , t_factory is joined back .
Note usage of the following condition in the WHERE clause : fi.factory <= fd.factory AND fi.factory >= fd.factory .
Those who read MySQL articles in my blog are familiar with it : it forces the Range checked for each record .
For each distinct factory returned from the query above , the engine evaluates the condition , finds it to be the equivalent to ( fd.factory , - Inf ) <= ( fi.factory , fi.production ) <= ( fi.factory , + Inf ) and uses the range access to find the values for this condition .
This query is only 2 ms , also instant .
Hope that helps .
I 'm always glad to answer the questions regarding database queries .
Ask me a question
Colgate normally gives out small product samples at annual events like “ Oral Health Month ” to remind target consumers , especially kids , to take better care of their teeth after eating sweets .
This method does not drive strong results as most consumers tend to forget the message , even if they have collected the samples .
Instead of giving away product samples , ice cream and cotton candy were given out .
The stick carrying the ice cream and cotton candy carries a hidden message .
Once consumers are done the message printed on the tip of the stick shaped like a toothbrush reveals “ Do n’t Forget ” with the Colgate logo .
This simple message effectively reminded consumers to brush their teeth .
Production House : Fiftyone Bangkok Company Ltd .
There 's a ton of unused space on the Android lock screen .
Sure , there 's a nice big clock and notifications appear as needed , but could n't it be doing something more useful ?
It can , with FlyScreen .
Advertisement
The FlyScreen app just sits on the lock screen and loads any information that can be brought in via RSS .
You can display calendars , news , SMS and whatever other realtime info you want without having to unlock the phone first .
The downside is that you 're running apps at a time when the phone is normally idle , so battery life will of course suffer .
You 'll have to decide if you 're willing to make that sacrifice for instant access to your info .
Pair this up with Android 2.0 and I 'll be one happy camper .
[ Android Guys via Lifehacker ]
A boy runs across a giant copy of the Mona Lisa in Wrexham , Wales .
The giant version of Leonardo da Vinci 's masterpiece measures 17.5 metres across and is an attempt to produce the largest ever reproduction of the painting
When Monsters of Folk dressed up as Kiss at a Halloween show , it was awesome .
But you know what just might be an even better group costume than Kiss ?
The motherfucking Misfits .
Cheaper .
Tougher .
Better songs .
Slightly less fear of smudging makeup .
On Halloween night in Philadelphia , Ted Leo gathered some friends and did the Monsters of Folk one better .
They played two entire sets as the Misfits .
And yes , there are videos of it online now .
You 're welcome .
On Halloween night , Leo's Misfits tribute band TV Casualty played a benefit for the People 's Emergency Center at the Philly venue Kung Fu Necktie .
The band also included Leo's Pharmacists drummer Chris Wilson as well as former Atom and His Package mastermind Atom Goren and members of Franklin and Paint It Black .
It 's pretty incredible how Leo never breaks character on the Danzig impression he 's probably spent his entire life perfecting .
Bonus points for ignoring chronology long enough to play Danzig 's solo classic " Mother " .
Also , amazing crowd .
Warning :
If you 're anything like me , the below videos could send you into a very serious spiral of high school nostalgia .
US police chief vows to catch killer of four officers
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A gunman who shot dead four US police officers as they sat in a cafe in Washington State will be brought to justice , a police chief has vowed .
Lakewood Police Chief Bret Farrar described the four victims as " good people and great officers " .
Earlier , police laid siege for several hours to the Seattle house where the chief suspect in the case , named as Maurice Clemmons , was believed to be .
But when officers stormed in , the property turned out to be empty .
Police said warrants for first - degree murder had been issued against Mr Clemmons and the search for him was continuing .
Police have issued arrest warrants for Maurice Clemmons Chief Farrar , his voice breaking with emotion , told a news conference that he had visited the families of the murdered officers .
" It was the hardest thing I have ever done and I hope I never have to do it again , " he said .
" We will get through this , although it is a very difficult time for us and the families . "
He praised police teams involved in the hunt for the killer and added : " There is no doubt in my mind that this person will be brought to justice . "
The four police officers - Sgt Mark Renninger and officers Ronald Owens , Tina Griswold and Greg Richards - were shot dead at the cafe in Parkland , 40 miles ( 65 km ) south of Seattle , on Sunday morning .
On Monday , detectives revealed that the killer had himself been shot during the attack .
" We do n't know if he 's still alive , " Pierce County sheriff 's spokesman Ed Troyer told CBS television .
" If he is n't , it 's because he succumbed to the wound he received yesterday when he was in the struggle with the police officer that managed to get a shot fired at him before he was killed . "
Acting on a tip - off , officers sealed off part of the Leschi area of Seattle on Sunday night , while armed Swat team members ringed the house where Maurice Clemmons was believed to be holed up .
As the siege continued through the night , witnesses heard loud bangs , breaking glass , explosions and shots .
But it was later revealed that Mr Clemmons was not in the house .
The Seattle Times reported that police were also searching the University of Washington campus following a reported sighting of Mr Clemmons .
US media said Mr Clemmons has a long criminal history including a recent arrest for allegedly assaulting a police officer in Washington state .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Recently by Ron Paul : The Fed ’s Interesting Week
One of the strongest opponents of government intervention in reforming the health care industry is Ron Paul — a Republican congressman from Texas .
He ’s known to some as " Dr. No " for his opposition to tax hikes and refusal to vote for spending bills .
He ’s a doctor by training — an OB - GYN — and he ’s written a new book called End the Fed — as in the Federal Reserve .
He tells Weekend All Things Considered host Guy Raz that he does n’t believe health care is a right .
Download MP3 interview here .
Ron Paul : I do not believe peoples ’ needs or desires or wants or demands are rights .
Once you do that , you embark on a system of government that is uncontrollable .
You have a right to your life , your liberty and you should have a right to keep what you earn .
So I do not believe medical care is a right .
And that ’s one of the problems that we ’re facing today and why there ’s so much confusion on what we ought to do about health care .
Guy Raz : Congressman Paul , yesterday we spoke with Sen. Ron Wyden .
He ’s a Democrat .
Like you , he opposes a government - sponsored health insurance plan .
Here ’s what he ’s proposing :
He wants a market - based solution — an exchange — that would have all insurers compete for your business and mine .
But unlike the current plans floating around Capitol Hill , Ron Wyden would allow everyone to take part in that .
Would you back something like that ?
Ron Paul :
Well , from what you told me , that sounds like I should certainly think about it .
But sometimes when they ’re offered in that frame of mind , it means sometimes that they force you to participate .
Under the Wyden plan , and to some extent under the [ plan by Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus ] currently circulating in the Senate , health insurance would be a mandate .
Most people would be required to buy it .
End the Fed Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.12 Buy New $ 8.53 ( as of 10:10 EST - Details )
Yeah — and that would n’t be something that I could support , because once the government gets in and either mandates something or regulates it or subsidizes it , it ’s no longer insurance .
If they want to call that a social welfare program , they would be more honest .
But they should n’t ever use the word " insurance . "
Insurance is a market phenomenon .
When you buy something and somebody ’s paid to measure risk , like life insurance , people understand that .
This whole idea that anybody that already has a condition can demand insurance is sort of like saying , well , your house is burning down , and you go to the insurance and say , " Hey my house is on fire .
Can I buy insurance ? "
Everybody knows it does n’t work that way .
And we here on the coast in Texas , if there ’s a hurricane in the Gulf , we ca n’t go out and buy insurance .
Otherwise , the insurance companies would all go broke and the government would have to bail them out .
So you have to — once again — think about insurance if you want better care and cheaper care and more care for more people , you have to look to the market for the distributions .
The Revolution : A Mani ... Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.99 Buy New $ 6.99 ( as of 11:00 EST - Details )
If it was left to market devices , how do you envision that working to help insure all Americans ?
Well , about opposite of what we should expect when we go to total government .
And we have a pretty good record of showing what we did in this country up until the 1960s .
I recall working in a church hospital for $ 3 an hour and nobody was ever turned away and nobody was left out in the streets .
And just think of all the church hospitals that have been closed down because the invasion of government into the health care industry .
But who would pay for them ?
Well , who pays for the Shriner hospitals ?
Charity takes care of it , the churches take care of it .
When government takes care of it , the bureaucrats get paid .
And insurance companies become the lobbyists , the drug companies become the lobbyists , the management companies become the lobbyists , doctors get squeezed , the patients get squeezed .
You ca n’t put all these corporations in between the doctors and the patients .
You have a form of corporatism , which motivates the type of system that we have now , and it ’s not any better .
Some worry that Obama would give us socialized medicine , but he is n’t .
He ’s giving us a continuation of corporatism .
He ’s forcing people to buy insurance .
The insurance companies love it !
They love to see 20 or 30 million more people being forced into the system , and they will have more customers .
Ron Paul , let ’s move on to your book now , End the Fed .
You want to replace the Federal Reserve with a money system that would be backed by gold or other commodities .
Is that right ?
Yeah , basically I want to follow the Constitution , and that ’s what the Constitution says .
Read the Rest of the Article
See the Ron Paul File
September 21 , 2009
The Best of Ron Paul
Defense Attorney : Hasan
Is Paralyzed From the Chest Down Galligan questions decision to hold hearing in accused shooter 's hospital room .
Nov. 21 , 2009  -- Major Nidal Hasan , charged with killing 13 in the Fort Hood shooting spree , is paralyzed from the chest down and is not a flight risk , said his defense attorney after a hearing before a military magistrate in Hasan 's hospital room Saturday .
The accused Fort Hood shooter had his first court hearing in the intensive care unit of a San Antonio hospital at 1 p.m .
His status has now been changed from pre-trial restriction to pre-trial confinement , meaning that he will be confined until his court martial .
The military magistrate ruled that Hasan will stay at Brooke Army Medical Center for now , but the military has the option of moving him to another medical facility or to jail .
According to defense attorney John Galligan , Hasan is paralyzed from the chest down , is incontinent and " in severe pain . "
" He is an individual in need of constant medical attention , " Galligan said .
" He has no sensation from his chest down . "
Previously , Galligan had said Hasan was paralyzed from the waist down .
Galligan questioned the speed with which the legal process is moving .
" In the 36 years I 've dealt with military justice cases , " Galligan said , " this is the first time I have ever had to go to an ICU to conduct a hearing .
" We could have conducted this hearing next week , " he said .
" He is paralyzed .
He is not going on leave . "
Galligan , a retired Army colonel now in private practice , said the hearing lasted a little over an hour .
According to Galligan , Hasan recognized him and was able to speak , but grew fatigued .
Galligan said he does not expect the Army to move his client from Brooke AMC immediately , but he does want to know when Hasan might be moved and where he might be moved .
Hasan 's change in status to " confinee " also limits the number of people who can visit him .
" He is still a patient , but he is also a pretrial confinee , " Galligan said .
" There was not a compelling government interest to change his status at this time .
" Given that condition , why is he anything but a patient ? "
Hasan was transferred to Brooke AMC on Nov. 6 , a day after the shooting .
He was taken off a ventilator Nov. 7 .
The following day , when investigators tried to interview him , he refused to answer questions and requested a lawyer .
Galligan , whose private practice is in nearby Belton , Texas , met with Hasan for the first time on Nov. 9 .
He has asked that his security clearance be reinstated so that he can review all the evidence against Hasan .
Hasan faces 13 counts of premeditated murder for the Nov. 5 shooting spree at Fort Hood 's Soldier Readiness Processing Center .
He will be tried in a military court , and additional charges may be pending .
Military prosecutors plan to seek the death penalty .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
All console versions of Modern Warfare 2 have been recalled in Russia due to the controversial airport massacre mission known as “ No Russian . ”
Infinity Ward has quickly reacted to this by releasing a patch for PC and Steam versions to remove the mission entirely .
Activision is planning to re-release the console version of the game omitting the mission within a month ’s time .
During the euphoria of last night 's big win over the Red Wings , I saw an interesting note on Twitter from @WBrettWilson , the Canadian investor and business partner of David Freeman ( principal owner and chairman of the Nashville Predators ) :
Remembering that we 've heard in the past that Wilson was planning to buy into a minority stake with the Predators , I thought I 'd ask him about how things are going on that front , and sure enough , he wrote back ...
The story from several months ago was that Wilson was looking to buy into a minor stake ( less than 5 % ) of the team , building upon partnerships that he already enjoys with Freeman in the West Tenn Diamond Jaxx minor - league baseball team , and a soccer team over in England .
With the Boots Del Biaggio bankruptcy case proceeding at a glacial pace , however , there 's been no news on that front for a long , long time .
The major asset involved in that bankruptcy is Del Biaggio 's minority stake ( ~ 24 % ) in the Predators , and until that 's resolved it 's hard to envision any major changes to the ownership structure taking place .
So , I thought I 'd just ask Wilson about it :
To my surprise , only a few minutes later , he answered the question :
You gotta love Twitter , do n't you ?
It 's not like he was going to break any major news , but it is nice to get an update straight from the horse 's ( or is it Dragon 's ? ) mouth .
To keep up on everything going on with the Nashville Predators , you can follow me on Twitter at @ Forechecker , and you 'll also want to check out the list of " official " Predators Twitter accounts maintained by @ PredFans .
OTTAWA – The Conservatives admitted today that the federal government deficit would be worse — a total of $ 101 billion this year and next — than expected and that the government cannot say when it will balance the books again .
In a hastily - released fiscal update , Finance Minister Jim Flaherty said the severe economic recession means that , between now and 2014 - 15 , Ottawa 's budget shortfall will total more than $ 160 billion , the government said .
A senior federal government official briefing reporters said there is too much uncertainty about the pace of the economic recovery to predict when the federal accounts can be balanced .
It may take between five and 10 years to put an end to the federal deficit , the official said .
But a spokesperson for Flaherty said the government hopes to do so sooner .
Flaherty said that , once the recovery takes place , the government will attempt to balance its books by cutting the growth in government spending .
The Conservatives would not raise taxes or trim transfer payments to the provinces , he said in a speech in Victoria .
" But restraining the growth in government spending will still mean tough choices for the government , " Flaherty said .
" It will require decisions of government that wo n't always be popular or pain - free . "
Payments to seniors , students and transfers to the provinces for health services will not be cut , federal government officials said .
Explaining the further deterioration in federal finances , the government said in the update papers that " the sharp drop - off in global activity and incomes has reduced revenues and pushed up government deficits world - wide " and Canada has suffered a similar impact .
Flaherty said the economy is improving but the recovery is fragile .
He predicted economic growth of minus 2.3 per cent this year , much worse than the minus 0.8 per cent forecast in the January budget .
But the economy will bounce back and expand by 2.3 per cent next year . , he said
Unemployment will continue to rise and hit 9 per cent next year , up from the 7.7 per cent predicted in the January budget , the government said .
In the budget , Flaherty had predicted that the government would begin running budget surpluses again in 2013 - 14 but he now says there will be an $ 11.2 billion deficit that year , followed by another deficit of $ 5.2 billion the following year .
He said the deficit this year will hit $ 55.9 billion , up from the $ 33.7 billion shortfall predicted in January .
And next year 's deficit will hit $ 45.3 billion , up from the January prediction of $ 30 billion .
During last year 's election campaign , Prime Minister Stephen Harper said Canada would not suffer an economic recession and the federal government would not run a budget deficit .
With another election looming , Flaherty has expressed a determination to talk about how the Conservatives would extricate themselves from the deficits they are now facing .
Flaherty said in his speech the uncertain economic times mean the Liberal Opposition 's sabre rattling over an election is bad timing for the country .
" Now is not the time to put economic recovery at risk with political opportunism .
This is not the time to create instability out of narrow , partisan self - interest , " he said .
" This is not the time to play political games . "
Opposition Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff said Flaherty 's budget numbers keep getting worse .
" Mr. Flaherty has a credibility problem .
The government has a credibility problem , " said Ignatieff .
Flaherty originally said the Canadian economy would not slip into recession and the budget would remain balanced , he said .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" And now he 's saying we 'll get back to balance in 2015 , " said Ignatieff .
" If pigs can fly . "
Flaherty said Canada is doing a good job grappling with the global recession compared to other countries .
Flaherty said Ignatieff " ought to look at the numbers . "
" Where does the $ 55 billion ( deficit ) come from ?
Certainly he knows the investment we made in General Motors .
Is he against that ? "
" Certainly he knows the investment we made in Chrysler to save jobs in Canada .
Is he against that ? "
Economists said Flaherty 's new timeline for reaching a balanced budget is achievable , assuming the economy grows predictably for the next six years and the government can drastically reduce its appetite for spending .
In order to achieve his targets , Flaherty would need to keep spending growth at about three per cent per year for the outgoing four years of his projection and that 's not enough to cover expected inflation and population growth .
" It 's implying a lot of restraint , `` said Paul Ferley , assistant chief economist with the Royal Bank .
" That was an issue with the budget in January , and it is still a problem .`` "
In a recent assessment , Toronto - economist Dale Orr said the government would need until 2017 - 18 to grow out of deficit with reasonable spending restraint , adding to achieve the target further , Ottawa would likely need to raise taxes .
— With files from The Canadian Press
Read more about :
There may be a number of defenses and legal strategies that are available .
Many federal prosecutions result in a large number of witnesses being asked to provide information about the case .
An experienced criminal defense lawyer may construct an effective defense via a thorough review – and understanding of – the facts in your case .
Copious witness interviews , skillful cross examinations and succinct presentations of physical exhibits and complex financial records will also come into play .
White collar cases can be extremely complicated , so success may rely on a defense attorney ’s ability to identify a vulnerability or flaw in the prosecution ’s case .
We can measure what people prefer and value , but do we know why ?
And can we predict whether a nation will be liberal or conservative , atheist or religious , polygynous or monogamous ?
While researching for a forthcoming article I stumbled upon a paper by Satoshi Kanazawa , an evolutionary psychologist at the London School of Economics , on the origin of individual values and preferences that indicate that the values of a nation are tied to its IQ .
The article , to be published in the July issue of Journal of Biosocial Science , is a quick read ( despite being 20 pages long ) , and offers one possible explanation of why people have individual values and preferences : the Savanna - IQ Interaction Hypothesis .
This is part one of three – in this article , I ’ll explain the background and theories .
In the second and third article , I ’ll discuss how these theories , according to Kanazawa , can predict why people want what they want .
I digress for a moment to delve into the author ’s biography , as too often we miss the trees for the forest .
Case in point : an effulgent and genial officer I met during a recent jaunt back to my previous hometown of D.C. said he would proudly let me take a picture of him with Theodore Douglas Bear because people need to see the face of the military to make it more real .
Kanazawa is a prolific author , writing books and journal articles with titles like “ Why beautiful people have more daughters , ” “ Reading shadows on Plato 's cave wall , ” and “ Bowling with our imaginary friends . ”
I detect a twinkle and a wink in the photo on his personal Web site , which also includes his intellectual lineage ( which offers you a spot as his descendent ) , a link to his column , The Scientific Fundamentalist , on Psychology Today , and three telling quotes :
“ If the truth offends people , it is our job as scientists to offend them .
”
“ If what I say is wrong ( because it is illogical or lacks credible scientific evidence ) , then it is my problem .
If what I say offends you , it is your problem .
Prepare to be offended .
” “ Wir müssen wissen , wir werden wissen ! ” ( Or , “ We must know , we will know ! ” Mathematicians may recognize this as the epitaph on David Hilbert ’s tomb – as in the Hilbert famous for “ Hilbert ’s program , ” the Hilbert linked to Gödel , and , as physicists may know , the Hilbert once engaged in the relativity priority dispute with Einstein . )
Kanazawa asks ,
“ Where do individual values and preferences come from ?
Why do people want what they want ? ”
Obscene amounts of money are spent every year in advertising , trying to convince people of what they want .
But , he says , while some social scientists have tried to account for these preferences and values , economists have responded with De gustibus non est disputandum : there ’s no rhyme or reason why people want what they want .
While anyone can measure preferences , no one has come up with a satisfactory general theory of values – the why of the equation .
Evolutionary psychology has been posited as a possible portal to the solution , as it can in theory explain both universal and individual preferences – the study of universal human nature , and the interaction with the environment .
Kanazawa uses a simple thought experiment to illustrate the idea that adaptations are “ designed for and adapted to the conditions of the environment of evolutionary adaptedness , not necessarily to the current environment . ”
In other words , our very ancient ancestors ’ environment .
Think of a banana .
Yellow , right ?
Now look at it in sunlight , now moonlight , now in the rain , maybe on a cloudy day or at dusk .
Still yellow .
But , you say , should n’t the light reflect differently in these various settings ?
So would n’t the color of the banana change ?
Nope .
The human eye and color recognition systems , Kanazawa says , can “ compensate for these varied conditions because they all occurred during the course of the evolution of the human vision system , and can perceive the objectively varied colors and constantly yellow .
” But try holding a banana up in under sodium vapor lights in a parking lot at night .
Egads !
The natural yellow is no longer .
Why ?
“ Sodium vapor lights did not exist in our ancestral environment , during the course of the evolution of human vision , and is therefore incapable for compensating for them . ”
( Parking lots did n’t either , come to think of it .
Anyway , he references the 1989 film The Abyss for an additional example ; check out the paper for more on this . ) This is the Savanna Principle :
The human brain has difficulty comprehending and dealing with entities and situations that did not exist in the ancestral environment .
( This same hypothesis has been referred to as the Evolutionary Legacy Hypothesis and the Mismatch Hypothesis as well . )
Kanazawa says this principle can potentially explain why otherwise elegant theories like game theory , often fail empirically – “ because they posit entities and situations that did not exist in the ancestral environment . ”
People who watch “ certain types of TV shows are more satisfied with their real friendships just as if they had actually socialized with those friends . ”
Why ?
TV and realistic images of other humans did n’t exist early on in the Paleolithic era .
As a result , “ the human brain may have implicit difficulty distinguishing their ‘ TV friends ’ and their real friends .
” Stay tuned for more on general intelligence , evolutionarily novel values , and why you want what you want - and how we know what you want based on where you live .
Article : Journal of Biosocial Science , Volume 41 , Issue 04 , Jul 2009 , pp 537-556
Editor 's note : Gen. Michael V. Hayden was appointed by President Bush as CIA director in 2006 and served until February 2009 .
He also was director of the National Security Agency and held senior staff positions at the Pentagon .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
I know that the story has moved on , that the outline of the journalistic narrative has been set , and that the " first draft " of history has been just about finalized .
Before the ink dries though , I would like to offer at least a footnote .
And this footnote has to do with President Obama 's decision in April to release opinions drafted by the Department of Justice that detailed the CIA 's interrogation program for high - value al Qaeda detainees .
Specifically , it has to do with the argument made publicly and privately by the administration that its hand was being forced by a pending decision in a Freedom of Information Act case by the American Civil Liberties Union before Judge Alvin Hellerstein in New York .
Indeed , when Obama visited the CIA the Monday after the release of the documents , he specifically cited this argument in his remarks to the work force .
He said that he released " ... the Justice Department Office of Legal Council ( OLC ) memos as a consequence of a court case that was pending and to which it was very difficult for us to mount an effective legal defense . ... "
Many disagreed with that presumption .
Only a few weeks before , CIA lawyers had been hard at work with other government attorneys sorting out which of the many available FOIA exemptions they would use to continue to protect various parts of the OLC documents .
They were confident since , in the very same ACLU FOIA case , the CIA had been in front of Hellerstein the year before on an almost identical issue .
Based on a declaration I signed , the judge had agreed in 2008 to allow us to continue to protect -- on the grounds of national security -- the specifics of waterboarding , a technique that had not actually been used since March 2003 and one the agency had not even authorized for use in years .
Despite all that , the judge agreed that to reveal the details of this technique would tie the hands of a president in a future emergency -- since , after all , laws and policies and presidents could always change .
When I pointed this out to administration officials in March , I was reminded that a report from the International Committee of the Red Cross recently had been leaked and that , since " so much was already out there , " it would be impossible not to declassify almost all of the Justice Department memos .
I replied that it was n't all out there and that there was a difference between speculation ( however , informed or ill - informed it might be ) and formal confirmation by the U.S. government .
Even today there are activities that are universally " known " but are still not officially confirmed by the U.S. government , and no one takes issue with the wisdom of continuing the policy of official silence .
I could not fathom how the unauthorized disclosure of the ICRC report , which was based substantially on prisoner debriefs , could possibly lead the government to conclude that it had no choice but to declassify and inventory for the world the details of the past interrogation program .
My lawyer friends remind me that nothing is certain in litigation , but a September 30 decision in the same ACLU FOIA case by Hellerstein tells me that my arguments had merit .
In this latter instance , CIA Director Leon Panetta was allowed to contest release of information on the CIA interrogation program .
As he ( and his five immediate predecessors ) had argued internally in the case of the OLC memos , he claimed that such a release would cause extremely grave damage to human intelligence collection and foreign liaison relationships .
He went on to add , " The release of operational details regarding implementation of the program would tend to reveal more generally the government 's approach to questioning terrorist suspects , and thus must remain classified . "
Hellerstein took him at his word and , as The Associated Press described it , said he believed he had an obligation to let the CIA director decide what should be released when it pertained to methods used to make uncooperative detainees divulge information .
Citing a " very harsh " post - 9/11 world , the judge emphasized that " the need to keep confidential just how the CIA and other government agencies obtained their information is manifest . ... "
He went on to note that when intelligence matters are legitimately involved " ... my job is to defer to the extent appropriate -- and that is substantial -- to the decision of the director of the CIA , " and pointed out that " there has been a reluctance on the part of the courts to interfere with the discretion conferred by the mandate of the statutes on the CIA . "
And the judge said all of this even after the government 's voluntary release of the detailed OLC interrogation memos five months earlier had put so much information into the public domain .
Make no mistake .
The decision to release those memos in April was a political one , not a legal one -- a question of choice rather than necessity .
This was a deliberate decision and , if it is to be defended , history ( and journalism ) should demand that it be defended on those grounds and not on some hapless " the judge was going to make me do it " argument .
As I said , this is all now a footnote , and Hellerstein 's September decision was barely remarked in the public discourse .
But the good people of CIA follow this more closely than most and , like the good operators and analysts that they are , they know what they see and they know what it means .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael V. Hayden .
All About Central Intelligence Agency • U.S. Department of Justice
Every week Bob Westal whips up a new drink recipe , from the classics we all love to new recipes to try out when you 're out or at home .
A chat with Michael Ironside , Michael Ironside interview , Hardwired , Top Gun
Movies Home / Entertainment Channel / Bullz - Eye Home
Bullz - Eye has racked up its fair share of interviews with character actors over the years , but Michael Ironside is surely one of the most recognizable in the bunch .
Though it was arguably his role as Jester in “ Top Gun ” that really kicked him into the familiar - face category , he ’s has also appeared in such classic films as “ Scanners , ” “ Total Recall , ” “ Starship Troopers , ” “ The Perfect Storm , ” “ Terminator : Salvation , ” and , yes , even “ Free Willy . ”
Ironside ’s also gotten a bit of a resurgence of recognition in recent weeks for his role as Ham Tyler in the original “ V , ” so when Bullz - Eye had a chance to talk with him about his latest film , “ Hardwired ” ( now on DVD ) , we jumped at the chance to quiz him about some of the aforementioned credits as well as the oft - forgotten ‘ 80s sci- fi flick , “ Spacehunter : Adventures in the Forbidden Zone . ”
Michael Ironside : Hello , Will !
Bullz - Eye : Hello !
How are you , sir ?
It ’s a pleasure to speak with you .
MI : I ’m good .
Thank you very much .
BE : Excellent .
Well , I checked out “ Hardwired ” last night …
MI : Yeah , I still have n’t seen it , so I guess …we probably shot that 18 months ago .
BE : It ’s fun .
I enjoyed watching it .
MI : Oh , good !
BE : How did you come into the project ?
Because my first instinct is to think that ( director ) Ernie Barbarash was a big fan of “ Scanners . ”
On his role in " Hardwired " : " They originally offered me ( Val Kilmer 's ) part , but I passed .
I said , ' Nah , I do n’t really want to do that . '
And then they came back and said , ' Well , take a look at the other character . '
I ’ve spent most of my career being dangerous , y’know , and having an edge .
But playing a curmudgeon …?
I worked very hard at making that guy look as dumpy , frumpy , wide , and squat as possible . "
MI : I ’m not sure .
The script was sent to me , and I kind of got enamored with the subject matter , the idea of being victims of corporate control .
That idea …it ’s like “ The Matrix ” on steroids , that sort of thing .
That people have to be more responsible with their choices .
If you want the convenience of the situation , of a certain service , then you ’re going to have to give up a certain amount of freedom to get that .
I kind of liked that subject matter .
Like I said , I have n’t seen the film , so I do n’t know how it came out , but …the other thing that attracted me was playing a curmudgeon .
( Laughs )
I think they had originally wanted me to …they were interested in me playing the head of the corporation , but I passed on it .
I think they ended up getting Val to play that .
Val Kilmer …?
Is that correct ?
BE : It is .
MI : Okay .
How was he ?
Was he okay ?
BE : He was good .
He ’s a pretty consistent actor , I think .
MI : Yeah , he is .
But , anyway , they originally offered me that part , but I passed .
I said , “ Nah , I do n’t really want to do that . “
And then they came back and said , “ Well , take a look at the other character . ”
And I liked the idea of playing somebody who …I mean , I ’ve spent most of my career being dangerous , y’know , and having an edge .
But playing a curmudgeon …?
I worked very hard at making that guy look as dumpy , frumpy , wide , and squat at possible .
( Laughs )
How did I come across ?
BE : I think you nailed it .
MI : ( Laughs )
So I actually looked dumpy , frumpy , wide , and squat … ?
BE : Absolutely .
In fact , I think it ’s possible that some people might have to do a double take to realize that it ’s you .
You did pretty well .
MI : Well , thank you very much .
( Laughs ) I try to take on roles where …I mean , granted , I ’m much older now , and …well , I ’m not that much older , but I ’m playing more like the father or the uncle of the characters that I use to play .
I dunno , I ’ve just gotten tired after awhile of sort of hitting the same marks , and trying to investigate the same character territory .
It ’s interesting , because … I did a small thing for Jennifer Lynch on “ Surveillance , ” and it was funny playing the same kind of character .
I was playing a character that is n’t physically threatening , that does n’t necessarily have an edge to him , who does n’t carry that kind of weight on screen .
And it ’s a nice acting exercise , because I naturally kind of carry a certain amount of physicality with me .
BE : Having brought up “ Surveillance , ” I interviewed both Jennifer Lynch and Bill Pullman when the film was originally released , and I really loved that movie .
MI : It ’s a good film .
It was interesting because … Jennifer asked me if I wanted to be a part of it , and I said , “ God , if I can kind of hold my place in the cast and not be a physical threat , but at the same time be a bit of a red herring … ” I enjoyed that .
She ’s a very talented young lady .
It ’s amazing that she survived the debacle over “ Boxing Helena ” and getting her head handed to her .
She just ended up doing a Bollywood murder musical in India… ( Laughs ) … and I ca n’t wait to see that !
BE : With “ Hardwired , ” I did n’t know anything about the film going into it , but the reason I figured that Ernie was a big “ Scanners ” was that , in the first few minutes of the movie , a guy ’s head explodes .
MI : Someone else mentioned that to me .
I have n’t seen it yet , though , so I do n’t know if it ’s an homage to “ Scanners ” or not .
But they ’re remaking it , you know .
Eli Roth ’s doing it .
I think it ’s Eli Roth .
It ’s either the “ Hostel ” guy or the “ Saw ” guy , but I figure that , either way , we can expect a lot of gore in that one .
( Writer ’s note : Actually , it was Darren Lynn Bousman of the “ Saw ” franchise who had been attached to the “ Scanners ” remake , but it seems to have been mired in development hell ever since David Goyer submitted his screenplay . )
BE : Have they called you for a cameo yet ?
MI : They did , and I passed .
I ’m not interested .
I always feel uncomfortable … like , I remember when I saw … what was the one with Robert DeNiro and Nick Nolte in the Florida Keys ?
With Jessica Lange ?
BE : Oh , “ Cape Fear . ”
MI : Right .
It brought back Robert Mitchum from the original , and …I ’d rather not cross those two worlds together , you know ?
I ’d rather have those characters stand on their own side .
It ’d be like having Julie Harris or Russ Tamblyn or Claire Boone do a small part in “ The Haunting ” or something .
Just leave it alone .
And there ’s a dignity with those characters that you create .
They ’re out there in the electronic ether of entertainment , and I feel kind of a responsibility to let them have their peace .
On appearing in remakes of his earlier projects : " I ’d rather not cross those two worlds together , you know ?
I ’d rather have those characters stand on their own side .
Just leave it alone .
There ’s a dignity with those characters that you create .
They ’re out there in the electronic ether of entertainment , and I feel kind of a responsibility to let them have their peace . "
BE : So I guess that answers my other question , which was whether or not they ’d contacted you about being in the new version of “ V . ”
MI : There was talk of it earlier , but , again , I was n’t interested .
I liked that character , and I left the show so that I could do “ Top Gun ” and stuff like that .
I took the opportunity to get out of the original “ V ” because it was starting to get routine and mundane .
I liked Ham Tyler , though , and I liked the fact that I got to choose where he was going at the end .
I sent him to Chicago .
( Laughs )
But , no , I ’m not interested in reprising roles like that …unless it ’s some sort of historical character , but I ’ve never really gotten the opportunity to play one of those .
How is the new “ V , ” by the way ?
Have you seen it yet ?
BE : I ’ve seen the pilot , and I enjoyed it .
I mean , I went in with high hopes , anyway , just because special effects have come so far since the original .
MI : Oh , God , yeah .
We were dealing with puppets and mechanical stuff .
It was a bit kitschy .
But , you know , I did a film earlier this year called “ The Jazzman ” where I worked with one of the actresses who was going to be on “ V ” afterwards .
Is it …Vandervoort ?
Laura Vandervoort , I think .
A very good - looking blonde young lady , anyway .
She kind of gushed and laughed and said that she was doing “ V , ” but then she that she ’d watched it when she was a kid , so I did n’t know whether to hug her or not .
( Laughs )
BE : Well , you ’ll probably have the same reaction now , then , because when * I * was a kid , I had a real soft spot for “ Spacehunter : Adventures in the Forbidden Zone . ”
MI : Oh , that was fun .
God , that was a lot of fun .
I think that was Molly Ringwald ’s second film .
She ’d just done “ Tempest , ” and then she came and did that .
Yeah , we actually shot that in 3D .
BE : I ’d forgotten that !
MI : Yeah , that was a 3D film .
When it got delivered to home video , it was in a flat - screen format , but it was originally done in the 3D process .
That ’s another one that ’s really kitschy .
But that was with Rob Burman doing the make - up .
The Burman boys .
It was four and half hours of make - up every day !
BE : I ’m sure that was a blast .
MI : You know , it was , actually .
You get real close to the people that you ’re working with when you share something like that .
BE : You were in “ Terminator : Salvation ” with Christian Bale , but you were also in “ The Machinist ” with him , which is a really underrated film .
MI : Yeah , I like “ The Machinist . ” I think we all went to that because of the script .
BE : What were your thoughts on the “ Terminator ” film , as far as how it turned out ?
MI : I have n’t seen it !
BE : Oh , really ?
Well , how was it to work on ?
MI : It was great to work on .
It ’s a big , sprawling picture , and I played a really colorful character .
I know when I went in to do some of the voice looping and stuff like that that some of the scenes had been changed and cut up , so I presume part of the work has changed , but I have no negative memories .
It was fun to work with Christian again , and it was fun to work with McG .
He has a lot of energy and a lot of technical ability that makes you feel safe within all that technology and with all that blue screen stuff .
We had a pretty good time .
But I was only on the film for …they were shooting for something like five or six months , but I was only there for three weeks , so that ’s all I can speak to .
( Laughs )
BE : What ’s your favorite project you ’ve worked on that did n’t get the love you thought it deserved ?
" One of the young production assistants ( on ' Terminator : Salvation ' ) stepped over to my chair and said , ' Mr. Ironside , are you any relation to the Ironside who was in ‘ Top Gun ’ ? '
And I said , ' I am , yes . '
And she grinned and said , ' I knew it !
Talent must run in your family ! ' "
MI : Hmmm .
Well , I do n’t know .
That ’s a tough question .
Probably … Jesus , I think maybe “ Starship Troopers . ”
When we did that , it was meant to be a satire and to take a shot at totalitarianism , the idea that …I know that when I asked Paul ( Verhoeven ) , “ Why are you doing this , it ’s such a right - wing book , ” he said that if he stood on a soapbox and told the religious right that their way of doing things was unnurturing , they would n’t hear him .
“ So I ’m going to create a perfect fascist world , ” he said , “ but it ’s only good for killing bugs . ”
And I remember liking that .
So we set off to do a satire based on Heinlein ’s book , a satirical look at totalitarianism , and a lot of people did n’t get that .
They thought it was anti-Semitic , they thought … I mean , I was , like , “ God , do n’t journalists do their homework anymore ? ”
Paul comes from a place that was ravaged by the Nazis – the Netherlands – and …well , they just missed the point .
A lot of the press , a lot of people .
It ’s one of those films … I looked at it again recently , because my daughter wanted to see it .
I have a 10 - year - old , so we looked at it together , and I thought , “ God , it still stands up . ”
It ’s very sarcastic , it ’s very satirical , and I actually enjoyed it .
I think it ’s something that ’ll be revisited maybe ten years down the line , and people will go , “ Oh , my God . ”
So that ’s one of them , I guess .
BE : Lastly , how do you feel about viewed as kind of a “ cult actor ” ?
Because you ’ve definitely been in a lot of movies that did n’t necessarily set the box office on fire , but they have huge cults .
MI : Geez , you know , I do n’t know if I am a cult actor .
I think I ’m just …I ’m just grateful to be viewed in any situation , no matter what it ’s called .
( Laughs ) I remember someone referring to me in an article somewhere as “ an old B - movie legend , ” and I felt like Ray Milland , for fuck ’s sake .
I mean , this was seven or eight years ago .
I ’m , like , my God , this guy really has to get out of his basement , you know ?
But I do n’t know .
In an industry that often can take people and throw them aside , and things often do n’t have too much longevity , I ’ve been at it for over thirty - some odd years now , and I ’m very grateful for that .
I ’ll tell you a nice story that happened on “ Terminator : Salvation . ”
I was sitting in Video Village with all of the directors and producers , and we ’re waiting for a scene to be set up , and while it was being lit , one of the young production assistants who ’s standing there with her headphones , she stepped over to my chair and said , “ Mr. Ironside , are you any relation to the Ironside who was in ‘ Top Gun ’ ? ”
And I heard all of the producers ’ and directors ’ chairs kind of creak behind me , because they got uncomfortable , wondering how I ’d react to this .
And I said , “ I am , yes . ”
And she grinned and said , “ I knew it ! ” I said , “ You did ? ”
She said , “ Yes !
Talent must run in your family ! "
And she walked away .
And all of the producers and directors kind of looked at me uncertainly , and I said , “ What are you guys so uncomfortable for ?
That ’s an incredible compliment .
I do look like the father of that guy , for Christ ’s sake !
The fact that she does n’t recognize that that ’s how I looked 25 years ago , the fact that she thought that these are two guys who have a lineage of talent …
I think that ’s an amazing compliment . "
And she was so enthusiastic , too .
I mean , it was , like , “ My God , talent must just run in your family ! ” ( Laughs )
So , anyway , I thought that was pretty cool .
BE : ( Laughs )
That ’s awesome .
Well , Michael , it ’s really been a pleasure talking to you .
MI : And what a great way to end the interview , huh ?
( Laughs ) I do n’t think I ’ve ever told anyone in the press that story before , but I think it ’s pretty cool .
BE : Most definitely .
Thanks again , Michael .
: You , too , Will .
You take care .
HERO WORSHIP : Katie Holmes with Scientologist husband Tom Cruise
While thousands of businesses face higher tax bills from April and homeowners brace themselves for rises in council tax , the wealthy church will be exempt .
The change is being forced by a Bill from Equality Minister Harriet Harman , which , for the first time , puts Scientology on the same footing as the Church of England and Roman Catholicism .
Under British law , places of worship are exempt from business rates while homes of religious leaders receive council tax discounts .
To qualify as a place of religious worship a building has to be used for worshipping a God or deity , not a philosophy .
But the small print of the Equality Bill calls on councils to protect “ any religious or philosophical belief ” from local revenue raising while a new “ public - sector equality duty ” not only bans all authorities from discriminating against any philosophical belief but forces them to “ advance equality ” of those who hold philosophical beliefs .
This means the Church of Scientology will qualify for total exemption from business rates on premises open to the public while residential accommodation used by Scientologist chaplains would receive council tax discounts .
Bob Neill , Shadow Minister for Local Government , said : “ The public will be alarmed that Harriet Harman is planning to give local tax breaks to Scientologists .
Struggling families and local firms will object to Scientology being able to avoid council tax and business rates , while their bills have gone through the roof .
“ Tolerance and freedom of expression are important British values but this does not mean that the likes of Scientology deserve special tax treatment .
“ Like Labour ’s so - called Human Rights Act , Ms Harman ’s new law threatens to have unintended and unpalatable consequences . ”
The move will save the Church of Scientology tens of thousands of pounds in taxes from its bases and missions across the UK .
As well as Saint Hill Manor in West Sussex , it has missions in Hove , Bournemouth , Tunbridge Wells , Eastbourne , York and Belfast .
A spokesman for the church said it would welcome “ any legislation that upholds the rights of people of all religious faiths , beliefs , races and cultures to be treated with equality ” .
The Church of Scientology , which has followers in Hollywood who include Tom Cruise and John Travolta , is based on the teachings of the science fiction writer , the late L Ron Hubbard .
It claims to have eight million followers , with 7,900 churches , missions and groups in 164 countries .
We all started somewhere right ?
What was your signature dish , the thing that you , " had nailed " that you would serve your guests when you were just a clumsy , uneasy on your feet chowhound , that today you would never even consider serving ?
I 'll start ... I 'll overlook my " Fancy California Dip " the one I made in my Betty Crocker Blender , ( Sour cream and Liptons Onion Soup Mix ) when I was 10 and move right up to my early twenties and the dish of the day was , " Sam's Blue Cheese Chicken " !
My face is getting hot just typing this but if I wanna hear yours I gotta share mine right ?
Whole Chicken ( cut up )
Wishbone Italian Dressing
Bob 's Big Boy Blue Cheese Dressing
Milk
Green Giant Mushrooms in a jar
Soak the chicken in the Wishbone for hours .... then Broil chicken , ( have not used my broiler in 10 years ) and baste with " marinade " Meanwhile dump jar of Bob 's in a sauce pan , add enough milk to thin it to , " Sauce " texture and add a jar of mushrooms .
When chicken is cooked through , ( read overcooked ) place in a large dish and pour blue cheese sauce over the top ...... yea .
Kinda gives me the poopies just thinking about it !
I do n't even think I served a side with it ..... wow .
Your turn everyone !
I did n’t set out to tie knots in Norman Foster ’s Hearst Tower or wrinkle his Gherkin , but I got carried away .
It ’s one of the occupational hazards of working with Mathematica .
It started with an innocent experiment in lofting , a technique also known as “ skinning ” that originated in boat - building .
I wanted to explore some three - dimensional forms , and a basic lofting function seemed like a quick ticket to results .
I dashed off the function Loft , which takes a stack of three - dimensional contours and covers it with a skin of polygons .
Loft uses Mathematica ‘s GraphicsComplex primitive to factor out the geometries of the polygons from their topologies .
The contour point coordinates are collected in the first argument .
The second argument is a list of Polygons whose coordinate values are replaced by integer indices into the coordinate list .
My Loft function was straightforward to write , but required a little fancy footwork with indexing to get the polygons wired onto the points in the right way .
I tried out Loft by embedding it in a Manipulate , and was happily on my way discovering some interesting new forms .
You can download the Demonstration to try it out yourself .
Even this trivial parameterization of a scaled and twisted half - sphere yields an amazing variety of forms , each of which suggests interesting avenues to explore .
The last of those forms brought to mind Norman Foster ’s Swiss Re building in London , nicknamed by the locals “ the Gherkin . ”
I wondered how convincingly I could model the Gherkin in Mathematica .
It was immediately obvious that my simple Loft function was not up to the task of replicating the white diagrid framing structure employed in the Gherkin , so I set out first to generalize Loft .
One thing lead to another , and soon I had the much larger but much more flexible function Build , with which I could explore not only Foster ’s Gherkin but a large number of other architectural forms based on the simple idea of hanging panes , panels , mullions , and framing members on grids of points .
My Build function works like Loft , but gives me much more flexibility in specifying elements like tubes and polygons and how they are repeated on the contour grid .
Like Loft , Build ‘s first argument is a set of contours .
The second argument is a Graphics3D - style primitive list whose primitives contain an extra argument that specifies how they should be repeated on the contour grid .
If you imagine the contours numbered from bottom to top and the points in the contours numbered from left to right , {point , contour} indices correspond to coordinates in an integer coordinate system .
The primitive
Polygon [ { {0,0} , {1,2} , {1,0}} ] appears on a contour grid like this .
A primitive that has no extra repetition argument is automatically repeated to tile the grid .
Explicit control over the tiling is had by specifying a pair of tiling translations , as in Polygon [ {
{0,0} , {1,2} , {1,0}} , {{2,0} , {1,1}} ] .
That polygon tiles the grid like this :
In linear primitives like Line and Tube , the repetition argument specifies the frequency with which the primitive is repeated horizontally , or for horizontal primitives , vertically .
By combining repetitions of polygons , tubes , and lines , Build gives me great flexibility in describing assemblages of panes and structural members .
Here ’s an abstract structure I generated to exercise all of Build ‘s primitives .
With Build in hand , my next task was to determine the shape of the Gherkin ’s profile and build a corresponding contour grid .
Always on the lookout for easy results , I experimented first with skinny ellipsoids , and discovered that the top of the Gherkin is too pointed for an ellipsoid to model .
No other simple mathematical candidate shape occurred to me , so I resorted to freeform design using splines .
I recalled this Potter ’s Wheel Demonstration written by my colleague Yu - Sung Chang for modeling freeform solids of revolution .
It was just what I needed .
With a reference photo of the Gherkin in a separate notebook , I dragged the control points of the spline profile until I had an acceptable approximation of the Gherkin ’s shape .
When I was satisfied with the result , I used the Manipulate ‘s “ Paste Snapshot ” button to get the source code for the figure .
From the source code , I cut the spline control - point coordinates and pasted them into a BSplineFunction that defines the profile .
The final step was to slice the profile curve into equally spaced horizontal sections .
Mathematica ‘s versatile meshing functions do the trick .
I extracted the mesh point coordinates from the plot output , appended the profile ’s boundary points , and sorted in the y coordinate to obtain a list of points from which I could construct the Gherkin ’s contour grid .
The contours themselves correspond to a solid of revolution , with the contour radii given by the x coordinates of the profile points , the elevations by the y coordinates , and the number of points around a contour by twice the number of glass panes around the Gherkin .
I did a quick test Build to see if my contour points seemed correct .
Indeed , they did .
As a final step , I refined the contour points at the top to add the dome - like cap at the top of the Gherkin .
I wo n’t deny that from there it required a surprising amount of detailed work using Build to make a finished model .
The Gherkin ’s body , its cap , the topmost dome , the rings , and the boundaries of and transitions between the separate parts all required individual attention .
To select material properties and lighting , I set up Manipulate rigs and exercised the sliders until I found the right values .
Here is the result .
Once I had the completed model , I could begin to explore .
One of the unique strengths of Mathematica is the ability to post - process structures using replacement rules .
The output of the Gherkin model contains the colors I used for the dark and light panes of the body .
By replacing those colors with new ones , I created this color variation inspired by the Union Jack .
Post - processing via replacement rules can operate on the geometry of an object as well as its appearance attributes .
Because all of the coordinate data of my model resides in the first argument of GraphicsComplex , coordinate transformations are particularly easy .
And since all of the graphics primitives are all wired to the same coordinates , the primitives automatically move in concert and remain connected when the coordinates are transformed .
Using that technique , I wrote this Manipulate to explore variations in the radial geometry of the Gherkin .
Now I could find the answers to some pressing questions .
What if the Gherkin were two - sided rather than round ?
Three - sided ?
Four - sided ?
What if the Gherkin ’s dark ventilation shafts were recessed into the building ?
What if the recesses ran counter to the direction of the shafts ?
What if London were shaken by a really violent earthquake ?
You can cover territory quickly with Mathematica ‘s Manipulate .
Surreality is a mere slider ’s length away from reality .
My explorations ended somewhere around this Dali-esque vision of the Gherkin tangoing with itself .
Energized by my results with the Gherkin , I turned my attention to another of Foster ’s buildings that employs diagrid framing , the Hearst Tower in New York .
Compared to the Gherkin , modeling the Hearst Tower was a piece of cake .
The only part that required much thought was generating the floor polygons , which undulate back and forth between two shapes .
The rest was straightforward use of the Build function .
Here is my model of the main tower structure , rendered with Mathematica ‘s default lighting .
The tower structure is generated by repeatedly translating polygons .
On a whim , I substituted rotations for translations , and after adding a few floors , generated this bent tower that wraps around on itself to form a torus .
On the theory that one good turn deserves another , I took a couple of seconds to add a second rotation about an axis perpendicular to the first and created this Möbius building .
I love the beautiful rhythm set up by the interaction of the diagrid frame with the curved and winding Möbius surfaces .
On Earth , the Möbius building would be a difficult sell .
But I imagine it floating in space , housing a gallery of the finest in cosmic art — a sort of orbital Guggenheim with a twist .
Don your Velcro slippers and padded headgear a la 2001 : A Space Odyssey and pay attention to artwork on the wall to your right .
Once around the gallery , you ’ll be hanging from the ceiling looking at the opposite wall , which of course is the same wall , the only wall in the gallery .
Enjoy the backdrop of the Milky Way , and perhaps the Earth floating in the distance .
You can explore the universe of architectural possibilities with me at this year ’s ACADIA conference on October 21 in Chicago , where I ’ll be giving a one - day workshop on how to use Mathematica for parametric , algorithmic , and generative architectural design .
Join me and your colleagues for a day of hands - on form exploration by registering for the conference .
At 4 o’clock this morning Rob Holdstock passed away .
He had been in intensive care since the 18th of November when he collapsed due to an E. coli infection .
Sincere sympathies to his partner Sarah Biggs and both their families .
Rob was one of the best fantasy writers of his generation , and a man with a huge appetite for life .
There was nothing he liked better than the company of good friends , a cracking meal , drink and laughter .
His departure at only 61 years old is a tremendous loss .
He will be greatly missed .
I first heard about this rather bizarre concept from the blogger Morta Di Fame ( meaning literally dying to eat , a concept I can wholly understand ) .
She linked to a recipe for Bacon Jam which was originally a product that a company called Skillet Foods makes and sends around the United States .
Knowing that I 'd have no chance of getting my greedy paws on a jar I simply daydreamed about it and for every day since I saw it , I 'd think about it .
I 'd eat eggs and think " This would go so well with that Bacon Jam " and eat some slices of tomato on sourdough and think " Something is missing , I think it 's bacon jam ! " and I became somewhat of a food stalker thinking about it day and night until I got my hands on some double smoked bacon and the rest as they say , is eating history .
I should add this obsessiveness to my next10 or 12 Things You Should Know About Food Bloggers .
Sometimes , when we hear of a recipe , we just cannot get it out of our minds and it preoccupies our thoughts for all waking ( and sometimes sleeping ) hours .
We suddenly wo n't rest until we do this recipe .
And you may know that Bacon is my Waterloo .
I give up and surrender my worldly possessions to this smoked meat .
I cooked it for two hours , watching the shade go from pink to a dark , glistening brown and then pulverised it in the food processor and tasted it .
It was fabulous .
I 've developed this rather annoying habit of High Fiving people ( which worries me somewhat as I wonder if it goes along with speaking about yourself in the third person ) and if I were anyone else around I would have High Fived them .
This was good stuff indeed .
I do n't know how it compares with the Skillet Foods Bacon Jam as I 've never tried it but this is good on it's own and does n't need to be an imitation .
You can do this with regular bacon but smoked or double smoked bacon is best to convey the bacon flavour but it is by all definitions delicious .
if you use regular bacon the addition of liquid smoke might be a good idea to replace the smokiness .
Sweetish ( it is after all a jam ) and spicy ( although the spiciness can be adjusted to your taste ) the savoury goodness of it and the versatility meant that after 4 days , the jar of this bacony friend was depleted .
During this past long weekend I asked Mr NQN what he wanted every day for breakfast and the answer was : " That Bacon Jam " .
So tell me Dear Reader , do you get obsessive about recipes or food items ?
If so , what food was your latest obsession ?
Bacon Jam
An Original Recipe by Not Quite Nigella
500 grams / 1 pound smoked bacon ( or use regular bacon and liquid smoke )
4 cloves garlic , chopped
1 medium brown onion sliced
3 tablespoons brown sugar
Tabasco sauce ( according to taste )
1 cup coffee
1/4 cup apple cider vinegar
1/4 cup maple syrup
Black pepper to taste
extra water
Step 1 - In a non stick pan , fry the bacon in batches until lightly browned and beginning to crisp .
Using a pair of scissors cut into 1 inch pieces .
Step 2 - Fry the onion and garlic in the rendered bacon fat on medium heat until translucent .
After 5 minutes of cooking
Step 3 - Transfer the bacon , onion and garlic into a heavy based cast iron pot and add the rest of the ingredients except for the water .
Simmer for 2 hours adding 1 / 4 of a cup of water every 25 - 30 minutes or so and stirring .
After 30 minutes - 1 hour of cooking
After 2 hours of cooking
Step 4 - When ready , cool for about 15 - 20 minutes and then place in a food processor .
Pulse for 2 - 3 seconds so that you leave some texture to the " jam " or of course you could keep whizzing and make it a smoother and more paste like .
Even if the world 's policymakers all agree to dramatically reduce atmospheric carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) emissions , and everything were in place by the middle of the century , the world still could not meet the goals of the climate change meetings in Copenhagen , Dec. 8 - 18 , of reducing CO2 in the atmosphere to 350 parts per million ( ppm ) , say Cornell researchers .
If everyone were on board , maybe we could contain CO2 in the atmosphere to about 400 ppm by 2050 , said Cornell climate expert Charles Greene , who has published numerous papers on climate change and global ocean ecosystems .
There is already too much carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , the world is just too dependent on fossil fuels and such obstacles as the United States ' poor climate record and skyrocketing emissions from India and China make lower levels unrealistic , he said .
David Wolfe , a Cornell ecologist who studies the potential impacts of climate change on plants , soils and ecosystems , agreed , adding that " the 550 target is more realistic , where we replace fossil fuels with alternative energies in a number of decades . "
Wolfe likens reducing CO2 levels to reversing the direction of a cruise ship .
" At 3 degrees Celsius warming [ roughly what 550 ppm of CO2 would yield ] , we would have some chance to adapt , but if we allow emissions and temperatures to go higher than this , the impacts could be catastrophic and beyond our capacity to adapt . "
Most people do not find the 350 goal realistic , he said .
Even if all CO2 emissions were to stop today , the gas already in the atmosphere would stay there for another century or two , maintaining warmth .
But activists need to set firm goals .
" It 's the best political strategy , " Wolfe said of the 350 ppm goal .
" If we allow slack , it will never happen . "
But Greene says that reaching 350 ppm is not a matter of choice but a necessity , requiring diverse strategies that go beyond simply reducing emissions .
Even 450 ppm is way beyond the safe levels , said Greene .
" People are only talking about reducing emissions .
I am arguing that we actually need to extract CO2 from the atmosphere . "
Such geo-engineering strategies would include biogeochemical and human engineered systems that sequester carbon directly from the air .
One reason that Greene says we cannot wait to reduce CO2 to 350 ppm is because new research predicts that the Earth system is on the threshold of exceeding several menacing , non-linear " tipping points " triggered by rising temperatures .
The European Union announced in 2005 that to avoid such dangerous climate impacts as melting glaciers and ice sheets , severe droughts and catastrophic sea level rise , Earth 's average global temperatures must not increase by more than 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels .
For example , Himalayan glaciers that feed the Indus , Ganges and Yellow rivers and provide water to more than a billion people are already rapidly melting .
In simple analyses , atmospheric CO2 that is less than 450 ppm should yield a 2 degree Celsius increase ; however , when feedback loops associated with aerosols and ocean warming are accounted for , such temperature increases may already be in the works , according to a 2008 report in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Part of the problem are delayed effects that have already committed the planet to warming on the order of 2.4 degrees Celsius ( 4.3 degrees Fahrenheit ) by the end of the century , regardless of reductions in greenhouse gas emissions from today 's levels .
For example , as the ocean warms , it stores the heat and very slowly releases it to the atmosphere , creating a lag time in temperature equilibrium between the atmosphere and the ocean .
Furthermore , due the ocean 's great mass and heat capacity , it will take 1,000 years to reverse this century 's warming and gradually reduce the heat already building up in the ocean , said Greene .
Also , as pollution abatement strategies kick in this century , aerosols that now cool the atmosphere will decline , adding to warmth .
But , Greene added , the goal of 350 ppm can be reached and a calamitous warming halted if governments finance geo-engineering strategies that pull CO2 from the air and store it in the Earth .
For example , Greene and others advocate research to try to scale up simple machines already devised that draw CO2 from the atmosphere and then find ways to pump the gas into underground geological formations .
Greene also advocates growing algae for biofuel ; algae is 10 times more productive per hectare than current biofuel crops .
Such bio-petroleum recycles CO2 from the air into algae and then into fuel , unlike fossil fuels that put carbon stored in the earth into the air .
Then , he said , power plants running on such bio-petroleum could be outfitted with scrubbers to capture and sequester CO2 to help create a system that actually reduces fossil carbon in the atmosphere .
" I think there are some real solutions out there ; we just need to think big , " he said .
To the naked eye , there was nothing to be seen at a natural gas well in eastern Texas but beige pipes and tanks baking in the sun .
But in the viewfinder of Terry Gosney ’s infrared camera , three black plumes of gas gushed through leaks that were otherwise invisible .
“ Holy smoke , it ’s blowing like mad , ” said Mr. Gosney , an environmental field coordinator for EnCana , the Canadian gas producer that operates the year - old well near Franklin , Tex .
“ It does look nasty . ”
Within a few days the leaks had been sealed by workers .
Efforts like EnCana ’s save energy and money .
Yet they are also a cheap , effective way of blunting climate change that could potentially be replicated thousands of times over , from Wyoming to Siberia , energy experts say .
Natural gas consists almost entirely of methane , a potent heat - trapping gas that scientists say accounts for as much as a third of the human contribution to global warming .
I was in a a cab on my way to dinner with my friends Connie , Chris and Dennis , and I heard a rather odd public service announcement from the DC police .
It was about the Ft. Hood shootings , and it noted how everyone agrees now that it was an act of terrorism .
Really ?
I caught a glimpse of FOX News the other day , and they ’ve all but convicted the entire Muslim world of being behind the “ obvious terrorist attack . ”
But just because FOX says something does n’t make it true .
In fact , it quite often puts it in doubt .
This story from ABC News gives some of the latest updates on the case , and I have to say , it sure sounds like grasping at straws .
E.g. , he was seen at strip clubs !
Well , then we might as well convict most of red state America as well .
And he frequented a shooting range !
( Ditto ) .
He also was seen regularly having dinner with a man who reportedly wore “ traditional Muslim garb . ”
Give me a break .
The man may have very well been part of an extreme Muslim terrorist conspiracy , but these “ facts ” from ABC bear a distinct stench of racial stereotyping .
The man was in the military , of course he went to shooting ranges and strip clubs .
( And the fact that he went to strip clubs throws in doubt just how much of a Muslim fundamentalist he really was . )
And he was Muslim , so it does n’t really say much that he would have dinner with a guy in “ Muslim garb . ”
These are facts without a point .
Then there ’s the larger question :
What exactly is “ terrorism , ” how do you define a “ terrorist attack ” ?
I know it ’s PC on the right to consider any attack on US troops by a guy who ’s a Muslim to be “ terrorism . ”
But if we stretch the definition of terrorism too far , does n’t it risk watering it down to the point of meaninglessness ?
Again , this may have been a terror attack .
But for FOX and the Metropolitan Police Department to immediately declare any attack on US troops an act of terror , without having all the facts , strikes me as a bit counterproductive to the whole effort to deter terrorist attacks .
Is n’t it possible the guy was just some nut , angry at the military and wanting to strike back , who just happened to be Muslim ?
And even if he did go on his rampage because he was upset about “ US troops killing Muslims in Iraq and Afghanistan , ” does that make this a terrorist attack , or simply a rampage by a guy who clearly did n’t have his head on straight ?
Was the McDonald ’s shooting in California in the early 80s also a terrorist attack ?
And all the Postal employees shooting up their places of work ?
Or do you have to be Muslim to qualify ?
Nick Miller and Julia Medew
The Age
August 20 , 2009
[ efoods ]
LEADING infectious disease experts have called on the Federal Government to abandon its mass swine - flu vaccination plan because of fears the vaccine is a contamination risk that could spread blood - borne diseases .
Health Minister Nicola Roxon yesterday announced that the Government would start deploying its first batch of swine - flu vaccine in coming weeks , with an aim to vaccinate as many people as possible to prevent further spread of the virus .
But in a letter sent to Commonwealth Chief Medical Officer Jim Bishop , the Australasian Society for Infectious Diseases expresses deep concern about CSL ’s use of multi- dose vials for the vaccine and urged the Government to abandon its plan until it had single - dose vials .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
YARD is a documentation generator for Ruby which adds a few features such as Javadoc - style metadata in comment strings and plugins .
The new YARD 0.4.0 contains improvements such as a revamped template system .
A new feature allows to limit documentation generation to code that has certain metadata values .
A big new feature is the live documentation server :
[ B] rand - spanking - new user comments system powered by DISQUS that is available on these individual method pages , allowing users to contribute extra information about methods in one place .
A public instance of the server is available at http://yardoc.org/docs with a list of project documentation already available , eg. Rails .
Gem Bundler is a new tool that makes it easier to manage Gem dependencies in a project and to control which Gems are require d at runtime .
Yehuda Katz , one of the creators of Gem Bundler , explains the ideas behind the tool :
The bundler should allow the specification of all dependencies in a separate place from the application itself .
In other words , it should be possible to determine the dependencies for an application without needing to start up the application . [.. ] .
Once the dependencies are resolved , it should be possible to get the application up and running on a new system without needing to check Rubyforge ( or gemcutter ) again .
This is especially important for compiled gems ( it should be possible to get the list of required gems once and compile on remote systems as desired ) . [.. ]
Above all else , the bundler should provide a reproducible installation of Ruby applications .
New gem releases or down remote servers should not be able to impact the successful installation of an application .
Oakland Mayor Ronald V. Dellums owes the residents of this great city an explanation .
And if he can't provide one , he owes his resignation .
The mayor is by no means the first public figure to run afoul of the Internal Revenue Service .
The Internet is filled with stories of wealthy people and celebrities who have shirked their tax duties .
But Dellums holds public office .
He is a hometown hero entrusted with the highest public office Oakland can offer .
His $ 239,000 tax bill is peanuts compared with the weight of his responsibility as Oakland mayor .
Anyone can make an honest mistake , and if that 's all this is , then no harm , no foul .
But Oakland residents deserve to know why the mayor was unable to handle his legal obligation to pay income taxes , because it 's a reflection of his ability to handle responsibility , including the management of a city that has placed its trust , and a whole lot more , in his hands .
If Dellums can't come clean with the people who put him in office , the same people he promised would benefit from the transparent operations of the mayor 's office , there is no reason left for residents to believe anything else he has to say .
Dellums ' promised to guide our city of 400,000 with fiscal prudence and wisdom and the experience gained from 27 years in federal governance .
He pledged to develop and push for public policy goals that benefit all citizens .
Oakland residents entrusted their livelihoods , jobs , homes and the safety of their families to his leadership .
They are deserving of far more than a vague 16 - word statement issued from behind the coattails of his press secretary .
Yet , Dellums was visibly agitated when reporters asked him about the tax trouble after a town hall meeting in West Oakland on Monday night shortly after the East Bay Express reported the story .
" We owe taxes , it 's now being dealt with , and will be dealt with expeditiously .
Period .
P-E- R- I- O - D. "
Had the mayor acted expeditiously , the matter would not have reached a point where the Internal Revenue Service issued an Oct. 14 order to place a lien on the mayor 's real and personal property .
It would have held no news value .
It 's only after numerous opportunities to address serious situations that the IRS takes such drastic actions , Kristin Pace , an Oakland tax attorney , told The Chronicle .
" He 's pretty far down the path , " she said .
IRS tax records show Dellums and his wife , Cynthia , did not pay their full tax bill in 2005 , 2006 or 2007 , his first year as mayor .
It 's not as if there were n't warning signs of Dellums ' preference to live beyond his financial means .
The mayor made no bones about requiring amenities when he came into office .
He asked the Oakland City Council for a $ 60,000 raise and received it .
He required a driver and more than the standard security detail the Oakland Police Department provides every mayor .
And Oakland taxpayers again provided the means and resources to make it happen .
The debt owed to this city by Dellums is incalculable and there is nothing but pride - or arrogance - standing between him and a full public disclosure of the facts surrounding his tax problem .
Anything short of that constitutes unacceptable behavior by a public official and violates the public contract between an elected official and the constituency the office serves .
I tried to reach the mayor for comment - but he declined to speak with me , his press secretary Paul Rose told me .
No one has asked Dellums to disclose anything that any other politician in the same set of circumstances would n't be asked to explain .
If he cannot provide a public explanation for a controversy that has become another national embarrassment for this city , it 's difficult to see how continuing in his current position is going to be good for anyone - either him or Oakland 's citizens .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Los Angeles
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
You : A good baker , likes to take care of her man with frequent care packages .
I am the only guy on craigslist who is not looking for sex or female companionship .
Those I can get .
There is however one thing missing in my life of late .
Ever since breaking up with my long distance girlfriend , the amount of unsolicited baked goods arriving in my mailbox has dropped precipitously .
Given my relative lack of baking skills and my propensity to avoid paying for food , I figured the most rational solution was to find another long distance girlfriend who enjoys surprising her man with frequent care packages ( chocolate chip cookies and rice krispies treats are by far the best ) .
The exchange is simple .
You provide regular care package service and in return I provide emotional support , validation and the occasional , " You 're right !
They * are * just jealous ! "
I 'll be the boyfriend that Disney 's soulless corporate machine has convinced you you want .
Your parents will be happy you finally found someone , your friends and coworkers will be jealous that you have a guy who does n't routinely try to slip it in the " oops hole , " and your stalkers ( should you have any ) will shake their fists in impotent rage .
As long as you 're not hung up on tangibility , it 's a relationship with everything you could want or need .
Fatties , uggos and the horribly disfigured are encouraged to apply !
I do n't care what you look like because I 'll never see what you look like .
Tell me you 're the most beautiful woman in the world if it makes you feel better , just do n't send pictures .
Exclusivity is not part of the deal .
I intend to date other women during our association and it would be hypocritical of me to deny you the same freedom .
Go out clubbing every Saturday night and sleep with a different guy each time if you like , just remember to get the cookies in the mail by 5:00 because the post office is n't open on Sundays .
I have no allergies , so feel free to extend your experimentation to recipes and ingredients as well .
I live in Los Angeles but am posting this in Dallas because it 's close enough to keep shipping charges down but far enough away that you 'll never be tempted to track me down in real life .
Also , going by the maxim " everything is bigger in Texas " I 'm hoping there will be enough baked goods to share with friends .
Good luck and I hope to hear from you lovely ladies soon !
There are currently no openings for this position .
Please check back periodically as our hiring needs change .
8798
Work Schedule : Full Time Salary : $ 65,606 ( $ 31.44 per hour ) Location : Washington , DC metropolitan area
As a Summer Law Clerk for the CIA , you will assist attorneys in the Office of General Counsel ( OGC ) to provide advice and guidance to officers and employees within the CIA who have specific responsibility for the conduct of US intelligence activities .
OGC handles a wide variety of legal issues , including , among other things , both civil and criminal litigation , foreign intelligence and counterintelligence activities , counterterrorism , counternarcotics , nonproliferation and arms control , personnel and security matters , contracting , finance and budget matters , tax , immigration , international financial transactions , corporate law , copyright , intellectual property , foreign and international law , and legislation .
It should be noted that the CIA is an intelligence agency , not a law enforcement agency , and is expressly prohibited by law from having any police or law enforcement powers , or internal security functions .
Summer Law Clerks work at CIA between their second and third years of law school to obtain broad exposure to the practice of intelligence law .
Enterprise Functions at the CIA - Office of the General Counsel
The Office of General Counsel ( OGC ) is part of the CIA 's Enterprise Functions , which provides governance and oversight to the business of intelligence effort across the CIA at Headquarters and in locations worldwide .
OGC is an independent office of the CIA that provides legal advice and guidance to the Agency and to the Director of the CIA .
Learn more about the Office of General Counsel .
Life at the CIA
In addition to a comprehensive benefits package , the CIA offers exciting career opportunities and a dynamic environment .
We 're on the forefront of world - altering events -- as they happen .
Working here is n't just a job , it 's a mindset and a lifestyle .
Minimum Qualifications :
Enrolled in an ABA - accredited law school , generally as a first - year law student
GPA of at least 3.0 on a 4.0 scale
Availability to complete at least ten ( 10 ) weeks of employment during the summer prior to graduation
The following items must be attached to your on - line application ( PDF format preferred ) :
Resume
Cover letter in which you specify your qualifications for this position .
Please address why you want to work in this role and what differentiates you from other applicants .
Unofficial law school transcripts ( an updated transcript may be requested prior to interview
Three ( 3 ) professional references
One ( 1 ) legal writing sample
Applications submitted in 2018 are considered for employment the summer of 2019 .
Applicants for OGC 's summer law clerk program will be interviewed and offered positions on a rolling basis ; it is advantageous for interested law students to apply for consideration at the earliest date possible .
Applications will not be accepted after April 12 , 2018 .
ALL POSITIONS REQUIRE RELOCATION TO THE WASHINGTON DC METROPOLITAN AREA .
All applicants must successfully complete a thorough medical and psychological exam , a polygraph interview , and an extensive background investigation .
US citizenship is required .
To be considered suitable for Agency employment , applicants must generally not have used illegal drugs within the last twelve months .
The issue of illegal drug use prior to twelve months ago is carefully evaluated during the medical and security processing .
Important Notice : Friends , family , individuals , or organizations may be interested to learn that you are an applicant for or an employee of the CIA .
Their interest , however , may not be benign or in your best interest .
You can not control whom they would tell .
We therefore ask you to exercise discretion and good judgment in disclosing your interest in a position with the Agency .
You will receive further guidance on this topic as you proceed through your CIA employment processing .
To Apply :
Save the position (s ) that interest you in the job cart .
You can add up to four ( 4 ) positions .
Job cart selections will only be retained during this site visit , so be sure to click “ Apply Now ” before closing the browser window .
After clicking " Apply Now " you will be taken to the application account creation page .
The positions will appear in the cart once you have created an account .
DO NOT submit multiple applications ; this will only slow the review of your application and delay processing .
Please read the Application Instructions carefully before you begin the online application process .
Application Instructions
An equal opportunity employer and a drug - free work force .
Some neutron stars only appear as radio blips ( Image : NASA / NRAO / AUI / NSF )
Mysterious radio blips that come from apparently empty regions of space may be the voices of long - dead stars .
Thirteen unexplained radio blips have turned up in radio telescope observations since the 1980s .
They emerged in spots where there are no stars or galaxies to be seen , last anywhere from hours to days , and do not seem to repeat .
The blips could be traces of a vast population of stellar corpses – neutron stars that roam the universe largely unseen , suggests a team led by Eran Ofek of the California Institute …
The “ Pocket man ” in Norway is in trial for molesting hundreds of children .
Its a guy from my area and I hope he get life in prison .
( sadly this mean 9 to 15 years in prison here in Norway )
This is one of his pants that he was wearing when he asked kids to pick up stuff from his pockets .
Lets just say that noone would expect what they touched down there .
Sick man .
Posted by ESPN.com's Chris Low
Kudos to Florida ’s Urban Meyer .
He got it half right by suspending senior linebacker Brandon Spikes for the first half of this Saturday ’s game against Vanderbilt .
Spikes deserved to be suspended for the entire game , if for nothing else , to send a message that dirty football ’s not going to be tolerated .
But , then , maybe it was just a half gouge to the eyes of Georgia running back Washaun Ealey .
Maybe it was just a halfhearted effort by Spikes to impair Ealey ’s vision .
Maybe Spikes was only half thinking about the damage he could do to somebody ’s eyes with such a senseless act when the play was already over .
Either way , it ’s a complete farce that Spikes was only suspended for a half .
And I bet Meyer would feel the same way if we were talking about one of his players who was on the receiving end .
It ’s also good to see SEC commissioner Mike Slive taking such a hard - line stand on this , especially with the league so willing to suspend officiating crews and reprimand coaches who complain about the officiating .
Maxi Sopo told his Facebook friends , including a former justice department official , he was living in paradise in Mexico
Some people take to becoming a fugitive like a duck to water .
They lie low , go out only in disguise , even create whole new identities .
Others , it would appear , do not .
Take the case of Maxi Sopo , a 26 - year - old criminal in hiding in Mexico who not only used his Facebook status to tell all and sundry what a good time he was having , but also made the somewhat elementary error of adding a former justice department official to his list of friends .
In status updates from Cancun , where the Cameroon - born fugitive was on the run from charges of bank fraud in Seattle , he said he was " living in paradise " and " loving it " .
Michael Scoville , the assistant US attorney who helped find the fugitive , described how Sopo 's updates described his lazy days on the beach and wild nights on the town .
" He was making posts about how beautiful life is and how he was having a good time with his buddies , " Scoville said .
" He was definitely not living the way we wanted him to be living , given the charges he was facing . "
With spectacular lack of caution , and in capital letters just in case anyone should miss the sentiment , on June 21 he wrote : " LIFE IS VERY SIMPLE REALLY !!!!
BUT SOME OF US HUMANS MAKE A MESS OF IT ...
REMEMBER AM JUST HERE TO HAVE FUN PARTEEEEEEE . "
Sopo , who arrived in the US in about 2003 , made a living selling roses in Seattle nightclubs until , according to prosecutors , he moved on to bank fraud .
He apparently drove a rented car to Mexico in late February after learning that federal agents were investigating the fraud scheme .
Investigators scoured social networking sites such as Facebook and MySpace but initially could find no trace of him and were unable to pin down his location in Mexico .
Several months later , a secret service agent , Seth Reeg , checked Facebook again and up popped MaxiSopo .
His photo showed him partying in front of a backdrop featuring logos of BMW and Courvoisier cognac , sporting a black jacket adorned with a not - so - subtle white lion .
Although Sopo's profile was set to private , his list of friends was not .
Scoville started combing through it and was surprised to see that one friend listed an affiliation with the justice department .
He sent a message requesting a phone call .
" We figured this was a person we could probably trust to keep our inquiry discreet , " Scoville said .
Proving the 2.0 adage that a friend on Facebook is rarely a friend indeed , the former official said he had met Sopo in Cancun 's nightclubs a few times , but did not really know him and had no idea he was a fugitive .
The official learned where Sopo was living and passed that information back to Scoville , who provided it to Mexican authorities .
They arrested Sopo last month .
He had been living in an apartment complex , working at a hotel and partying at Cancun 's beaches , pools and nightclubs , Scoville said .
Sopo is accused of masterminding a bank fraud scheme with Edward Asatoorians , who was convicted by a federal jury in Seattle last week .
The court heard that the pair persuaded young co-conspirators to lie about their income to get loans to buy imaginary cars , and then used the money to prop up Asatoorians 's business and to take an expensive trip to Las Vegas .
Asatoorians is expected to be sentenced to at least five years in prison .
If convicted , Sopo could face up to 30 years .
Whether the US authorities will allow him to update his status should that happen remains to be seen .
• This article was amended on Friday 16 October 2009 .
" They lay low " has been corrected to " lie low "
The project could provide enough power for three million homes
US energy group First Solar has signed a preliminary deal to build the world 's biggest solar power plant in China .
The 10 - year project would result in a two gigawatt plant - enough to power three million Chinese homes - at Ordos City in Inner Mongolia .
First Solar will begin constructing a 30 megawatt demonstration project in June next year .
China is expanding its use of solar power as it works towards meeting ambitious renewable energy targets .
First Solar has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Chinese government .
If the project gets the go - ahead , the plant should be completed by 2019 .
" We 're proud to announce this precedent - setting project .
It represents an encouraging step forward to the mass scale deployment of solar power worldwide to mitigate climate change concerns , " said First Solar boss Mike Ahearn .
The project would operate under a feed - in tariff that would guarantee the price of electricity produced by the plant over the long - term , the company said .
" Discussions with First Solar about building a factory in China demonstrate to investors in China that they can confidently invest in the most advanced technologies available , " said Cao Zhichen , vice mayor of the Ordos municipal government .
You can teach an old dog new tricks , say UCLA scientists who found that middle - aged and older adults with little Internet experience were able to trigger key centers in the brain that control decision - making and complex reasoning after just one week of surfing the Web .
The findings , presented Oct. 19 at the 2009 meeting of the Society for Neuroscience , suggest that Internet training can stimulate neural activation patterns and could potentially enhance brain function and cognition in older adults .
As the brain ages , a number of structural and functional changes occur , including atrophy , reductions in cell activity and increases in deposits of amyloid plaques and tau tangles , which can impact cognitive function .
Research has shown that mental stimulation similar to that which occurs in individuals who frequently use the Internet may affect the efficiency of cognitive processing and alter the way the brain encodes new information .
" We found that for older people with minimal experience , performing Internet searches for even a relatively short period of time can change brain activity patterns and enhance function , " said study author Dr. Gary Small , a professor of psychiatry at the Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human Behavior at UCLA and the author of " iBrain , " a book that describes the impact of new technology on the brain and behavior .
The UCLA team worked with 24 neurologically normal volunteers between the ages of 55 and 78 .
Prior to the study , half the participants used the Internet daily , while the other half had very little experience .
Age , educational level and gender were similar between the two groups .
advertisement
Study participants performed Web searches while undergoing functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) scans , which recorded the subtle brain - circuitry changes experienced during this activity .
This type of scan tracks brain activity by measuring the level of cerebral blood flow during cognitive tasks .
After the initial brain scan , participants went home and conducted Internet searches for one hour a day for a total of seven days over a two - week period .
These practice searches involved using the Internet to answer questions about various topics by exploring different websites and reading information .
Participants then received a second brain scan using the same Internet simulation task but with different topics .
The first scan of participants with little Internet experience demonstrated brain activity in regions controlling language , reading , memory and visual abilities , which are located in the frontal , temporal , parietal , visual and posterior cingulate regions , researchers said .
The second brain scan of these participants , conducted after the practice Internet searches at home , demonstrated activation of these same regions , as well as triggering of the middle frontal gyrus and inferior frontal gyrus – areas of the brain known to be important in working memory and decision - making .
Thus , after Internet training at home , participants with minimal online experience displayed brain activation patterns very similar to those seen in the group of savvy Internet users – after just a brief period of time .
" The results suggest that searching online may be a simple form of brain exercise that might be employed to enhance cognition in older adults , " said Teena D. Moody , the study 's first author and a senior research associate at the Semel Institute at UCLA .
advertisement
When performing an Internet search , the ability to hold important information in working memory and to extract the important points from competing graphics and words is essential , Moody noted .
Previous research by the UCLA team found that searching online resulted in a more than twofold increase in brain activation in older adults with prior experience , compared with those with little Internet experience .
According to Small , the new findings suggest that it may take only days for those with minimal experience to match the activity levels of those with years of experience .
Additional studies may address the impact of the Internet on younger individuals and help identify aspects of online searching that generate the greatest levels of brain activation .
The study was funded by the Parvin Foundation .
Susan Y. Bookheimer , professor of psychiatry and biobehavioral sciences at the Semel Institute at UCLA , was also an author of this study .
Himaja Gaddipati , a UCLA neuroscience student , and Jennifer Brace , a UCLA doctoral student in neuroscience , contributed to the work .
WASHINGTON  The chairman of the Federal Reserve , Ben S. Bernanke , told skeptical lawmakers on Thursday that the Fed should be put in charge of regulating the nation ’s biggest financial institutions .
But in a nod to critics who have expressed alarm about the Fed ’s immense power during the financial crisis , Mr. Bernanke said responsibility for monitoring broader risks in the financial system should go to a council of regulators .
“ We have never supported , and the administration has never supported , a situation in which the Fed would be some kind of untrammeled super - regulator , ” he told members of the House Financial Services Committee .
Mr. Bernanke said the Fed would be merely one of several players on the new council , and he endorsed the Obama administration ’s proposal to have the Treasury lead that council .
The council , he said , would pool the expertise of individual regulatory agencies and make it easier to identify and coordinate their reaction to risks that ripple across different institutions and markets .
I am a : Select your gender Seeking a : Select gender preference
Between ages : 18 20 25 30 35 40 45 50 55 60 65 70 75 and 20 25 30 35 40 45 50 55 60 65 70 75 80 +
Take a Chance
By clicking “ Sign in via Google ” you agree to our Terms and Privacy Policy
CAIRO
Despite a number of positive economic indicators , Egypt has a hunger problem : Nearly a third of all children are malnourished , according to a new report compiled by the Ministry of Health and the UN Development Programme ( UNDP ) .
The Egyptian Demographic Health Survey ( EDHS ) 2008 , published in March 2009 , recorded a 6 percent increase in undernourishment severe enough to stunt growth in children under five , pushing the percentage of stunted Egyptian toddlers to 29 percent from 23 percent in 2000 .
The survey collected data in 2007 / 2008 , when gross domestic product ( GDP ) grew by 7.2 percent , indicating that strong economic growth had not benefited ordinary Egyptians .
A slower GDP growth of 4.7 percent is forecast for 2008 /2009 .
“ Within the recent context of economic crises and economic slowdown , in addition to the growing epidemics of avian and H1N1 influenza , nutrition is not treated as a priority , ” said Hala Abu Khatwa , head of communications in Egypt for the UN Children ’s Fund ( UNICEF ) .
Government - run food programmes are in place :
In partnership with the World Food Programme ( WFP ) , fortified date bars have been distributed in high - risk schools since 1963 ; and government - subsidized flour and cooking oil - used to make ‘ baladi ’ bread - are fortified with iron / folic acid and Vitamins A and D .
Chicken cull
Yet some government policies have adversely affected the nutrition of the poorest .
UNICEF and WFP said the EDHS report of a spike in malnourished children was partly attributable to the government ’s decision to cull millions of chickens in 2007 .
“ The culling had a significant and substantial impact on household consumption of poultry and eggs , especially [ on ] young children , and also put considerable strain on household resources since poultry sales accounted for nearly half of the incomes of many Egyptian households , ” said UNICEF ’s Abu -Khatwa citing a 2007 study by the Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) entitled Livelihood Impact Assessment in Egypt .
Gianpietro Bordignon , the director of WFP in Egypt , attributed growing malnutrition among children to “ the successive series of shocks that affected people , especially the poorest .
This started with the outbreak of avian flu and the subsequent killing of poultry that lowered the intake of protein , and then the financial and food crises that followed .
” No data has yet been collected on the nutritional status of the estimated 70,000 unofficial garbage collectors and pig farmers in the Cairo area who relied on pigs for meat , income and organic waste .
Since 1991
Egypt has embarked on economic reform programmes which have not necessarily helped the poorest in society .
A July report by Egypt ’s General Authority for Investment and Free Zones , seen by IRIN and entitled Towards Fair Distribution of the Fruits of Growth , found that 66 percent of the wealth generated in Egypt is sector specific , benefiting only those directly employed by the sector rather than the economy as a whole .
“ Between 2005 and 2008 , the risk of extreme poverty increased by almost 20 percent .
Poverty levels are highest in Upper [ southern ]
Egypt where 70 percent of the country 's poor live , ” Abu Khatwa said .
Upper Egypt is home to about 17 percent of the country ’s 82 million people .
WFP ’s Bordignon also pointed out that since Egypt is not a “ least developed country ” , it misses out on international food aid .
According to the 2009 UNDP Human Development Report , 23 percent of the population are below the poverty line .
Food riots in 2008 were symptomatic of widespread poverty .
as/ed/cb
Good lord what happened to Cosette ?
WE SHALL SEE .
NEXT WEEK .
BECAUSE THURSDAY'S COMIC IS TURKEYS AND FRIDAY'S COMIC IS ... WELL YOU WILL SEE .
asdfghjkl ; '
Description : Forum goer
TheDerf is nice enough to share with us his girlfriend playing Wii nude .
He 's just a nice guy like that .
Views : 358120 Date : November 5 , 2009 Favorited : 45
COPENHAGEN , Denmark , Nov. 17 ( UPI ) -- A Danish political party named partially after a male sex organ has claimed responsibility for covering other parties ' campaign posters in penis stickers .
The P.I.K. party -- an acronym for Penge i kommunekassen , or Money in the Council Coffer , which also spells out " pik , " a crude form of the Danish word for penis -- took responsibility for covering posters in yellow stickers shaped like penises , The Copenhagen Post reported Tuesday .
Advertisement
" We admit we did it , " party Vice President Niels Andreasen said .
" But we 've tried to distribute them equally among all parties ' posters . "
Andreasen said the strategy has created a lot of publicity for the party .
" At first we figured we'd get around 200 votes .
But now we 've had 10,000 visitors to our Web site and we have 500 new Facebook friends , " he said .
Quick Vote
When do you plan to retire ?
Before age 65
At age 65
After 65
Never or View results
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Discount retailer Dollar General Corp. on Thursday filed to sell up to $ 750 million worth of stock in an initial public offering .
The Goodlettsville , Tenn .- based chain , which was bought by private - equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. in 2007 , opperates 8,362 stores in 35 U.S. states .
The $ 750 million estimate was calculated solely for the purpose of registering with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the actual amount sold could vary .
If the company raises the estimated amount , it would be one of the biggest IPOs this year .
KKR will underwrite the offering along with Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) , Goldman Sachs ( GS , Fortune 500 ) and J.P. Morgan ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) , among others .
The filing did not say when the offering would take place .
Dollar said it will pay a " special dividend " of $ 200 million to existing shareholders using cash generated from operations .
It will also pay a $ 64 million fee to KKR and Goldman for management and advisory services .
The offering comes as the stock market has rallied broadly over the last several months , raising bets that a revival in the IPO market is on the horizon after demand evaporated in the credit crunch last year .
The company has fared well during the recession as consumers have become increasingly more bargain - minded .
Dollar 's profits surged to $ 83 million in the quarter ended May 1 from $ 5.9 million a year earlier .
WASHINGTON --
The Supreme Court seemed inclined Wednesday to permit a five - foot - tall cross to remain standing in California 's Mojave National Preserve , while avoiding a broader ruling that could affect religious symbols on government property .
Federal courts in California found that the cross , erected on Sunrise Rock , a remote outcropping in the 1.6 million - acre desert preserve , violated the Constitution 's ban on a congressional " establishment of religion . "
Congress then declared the cross a " national memorial " and voted to transfer an acre around it to the Veterans of Foreign Wars , whose local post first built a cross there in 1934 as a memorial to fallen soldiers .
Lower courts found the arrangement effectively was a sham , though the government received property in return , because the one - acre parcel reverts to the government if the VFW fails to maintain the memorial .
In Supreme Court arguments Wednesday , the justices looked closely at the terms of the 2004 act transferring the property .
The court 's decision could turn on whether the justices conclude the act requires the VFW specifically to maintain the cross .
Solicitor General Elena Kagan , representing the Obama administration , said the act gave the group discretion .
The act requires only that the VFW maintain " a war memorial .
It does not have to be this war memorial . "
The Associated Press reported on Friday evening that according to a witness , the Kentucky teacher and part - time census worker who was found dead and with a rope around his neck in a remote area of a national forest on September 12 was also naked , bound , and gagged when his body was discovered .
Jerry Weaver was attending a family reunion when he and a group of relatives went to visit family graves at a cemetery in the forest and found the body of Bill Sparkman .
ADVERTISEMENT
Weaver told the AP , “ The only thing he had on was a pair of socks .
And they had duct - taped his hands , his wrists .
He had duct tape over his eyes , and they gagged him with a red rag or something .
And they even had duct tape around his neck .
And they had like his identification tag on his neck .
They had it duct - taped to the side of his neck , on the right side , almost on his right shoulder . ”
Weaver also said that a pickup was parked nearby with Sparkman ’s clothes in the bed of the truck .
“ I thought he could have been killed somewhere else and brought there and hanged up for display , or they actually could have killed him right there , ” Weaver stated .
“ It was a bad , bad scene . ”
Police would not comment on Weaver ’s remarks , but two people with knowledge of the investigation did confirm certain details , such as the fact that Sparkman ’s census identification badge was taped in the area of his head and shoulder .
Authorities have revealed that the word “ fed ” had been written on Sparkman ’s chest with a marker , but state police have refused to speculate on whether the death was homicide , suicide , or an accident .
According to a story which appeared in the Washington Post prior to the latest revelations , “ State and federal law enforcement officials on Thursday dismissed the suggestion from a news service report that the man , William Sparkman , 51 , may have been targeted because he worked for the federal government , calling that speculative . ”
Those speculations are certain to increase now that it seems undeniable Sparkman ’s death was homicide .
Time Magazine noted on Friday , “ The discovery of the body of Bill Sparkman , 51 , a substitute teacher and a field worker for the bureau , comes at a time when talk media , tea parties and white - hot town - hall meetings have fanned antigovernment sentiment .
Speculation has run rampant that the Sparkman case may be related to the vitriol .
Kentucky , like many other Southern states , voted overwhelmingly for Senator John McCain during the 2008 presidential election . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Time went on to argue that the murder may have more to do with the region ’s history of moonshine liquor — and the recent reputation of the Daniel Boone National Forest as a haven for pot growers — than with anti-government or anti-Obama sentiment .
The fresh details seem certain to fan the arguments on both sides .
The New York Times ( NYT ) will be cutting its newsroom by 100 , or around 8 % , reports the New York Times .
The company will offer buyouts starting Thursday .
Employees have 45 days to decide whether or not to apply .
See reactions from the newsroom >
Buyouts deliver two weeks of salary for each year of service at the paper .
If the Times ' does n't receive 100 buyout applications , executive editor , Bill Keller says , " we will be forced to go to layoffs . "
This is similar to a buyout program the paper rolled out in Spring of 2008 , which was followed by assurances that there would be no more cuts .
Here 's the letter from Bill Keller , via the Observer :
I had planned to invite you to the newsroom and break this news in person today , but I 've been hit by something that seems to be the flu .
Though I strongly believe in delivering bad news in person , I do n't want to add insult to injury by spreading infection .
Let me cut to the chase :
We have been told to reduce the newsroom by 100 positions between now and the end of the year .
We hope to accomplish this by offering voluntary buyouts .
On Thursday , the Company will be sending buyout offers to everyone in the newsroom .
Getting a buyout package does NOT mean we want you to leave .
It is simply easier to send the envelopes to everyone .
If you think a buyout may be right for you , you have up to 45 days to decide whether you will accept it or not .
As before , if we do not reach 100 positions through buyouts , we will be forced to go to layoffs .
I hope that wo n't happen , but it might .
Our colleagues in editorial and op -ed , and on the business side , also face another round of budget cuts .
In recent years , we 've managed to avoid the disabling cutbacks that have hit other newsrooms .
The Company has chosen to protect the journalism by cutting production and other business - side costs , and the newsroom itself has managed its resources frugally .
These latest cuts will still leave us with the largest , strongest and most ambitious editorial staff of any newsroom in the country , if not the world .
I wo n't pretend that these staff cuts will not add to the burdens of journalists whose responsibilities have grown faster than their compensation .
But we 've been looking hard at ways to minimize the impact -- in part , by re-engineering some of our copy flow .
I wo n't promise this will be easy or painless , but I believe we can weather these cuts without seriously compromising our commitment to coverage of the region , the country and the world .
We will remain the single best news organization on earth .
I doubt that anyone is shocked by the fact of this , but it is happening sooner than anyone anticipated .
When we took our 5 percent pay cuts , it was in the hope that this would fend off the need for more staff cuts this year .
But I accept that if it 's going to happen , it should be done quickly .
We will get through this and move on .
In my absence , Bill Schmidt and John and Jill have volunteered to take your questions this afternoon .
Feel free to bring additional questions to me as soon as I 'm back , or check with Bill Schmidt or John or Jill privately , or save them for the next Throw Stuff at Bill session , which is in a couple of weeks .
We often -- and rightly -- voice our gratitude that we work for a company and a family that prize quality journalism above all .
I hope you know that the company and the family , and I , feel an equal debt of gratitude to all of you whose sacrifice and loyalty have kept us strong .
Like you , I yearn for the day when we can do our jobs without looking over our shoulders for economic thunderstorms .
Bill
See the reactions from the newsroom >
BEIJING  China offered African governments a multibillion - dollar package of financial and technical assistance on Sunday , stepping up a courtship that already has gained Beijing wide access to oil and minerals across perhaps the most resource - rich continent in the world .
Prime Minister Wen Jiabao pledged to grant African countries $ 10 billion in low - interest development loans over the next three years , to establish a $ 1 billion loan program for small and medium - size businesses , and to forgive the remaining debt on certain interest - free loans that China previously granted less - developed African nations .
Mr. Wen made the pledge in an address to the Forum on China - Africa Cooperation , held in the Egyptian city of Sharm el Sheik .
The $ 10 billion in new loans is double the amount China pledged at the last meeting in 2006 .
The debt forgiveness continues a series of annual loan cancellations that extends to 2006 .
Mr. Wen told officials of the 49 African nations in attendance that this year ’s session “ represents a new stage of development in relations with Africa . ”
Anyone not living under a rock has probably seen previews for the big - screen version of Cormac McCarthy ‘s postapocalyptic novel The Road , which hits theaters November 25 .
The film stars Viggo Mortensen as a nameless father struggling for survival alongside his boy , played by 13 - year - old Australian TV actor Kodi Smit- McPhee .
( Mortensen ’s real - life son —
Henry , 21 — is the product of his now - defunct marriage to Exene Cervenka , front woman of seminal Los Angeles punk band X. )
The word “ actor ” only begins to describe the many talents of 51 - year - old Mortensen , who made his Hollywood debut as an Amish farmer in the 1985 Harrison Ford flick Witness .
It would be another 16 years before his portrayal of Aragorn in The Lord of the Rings trilogy catapulted him to international stardom ( and job security ) , but Mortensen has never had trouble keeping busy .
Born to a Danish father and raised in South America , he ’s fluent in four languages ( not counting the Elvish tongues ) and conversational in others .
He ’s a published poet , painter , fine arts photographer , and dabbler in musical projects — including Intelligence Failure , a collaboration with weirdo - guitarist Buckethead .
He ’s also founder and editor of Perceval Press , a boutique publishing house that puts out mostly high - end art books .
To that résumé , you can add another title : political activist .
An outspoken foe of the Iraq War , Mortensen actively campaigned for Dennis Kucinich during the 2008 primaries .
He ’s also featured alongside Matt Damon , Morgan Freeman , and others in The People Speak , a new documentary based on Howard Zinn ‘s A People ’s History of the United States , which debuts December 13 on the History Channel .
As chance would have it , I caught up with Mortensen the morning that President Obama won his Nobel Peace Prize .
Mother Jones :
What do you make of this morning ’s news about Obama ?
Viggo Mortensen :
There ’s a certain irony .
He says he ’s committed to keeping his campaign promise of getting us out of Iraq as soon as it ’s possible — I do n’t know exactly what that means anymore .
He ’s gone back on what he said about Guantánamo .
He ’s gone back on what he said about the torture photographs .
And he ’s quite hawkish on Afghanistan .
I agree with Obama when he said this morning that he did n’t deserve it .
But I do like the fact that it seems to be , which he acknowledged , an award that carries with it a certain degree of expectation .
MJ : In the 2008 movie Good , you played a German professor who gets co-opted by the Nazis .
Has it been alarming for you , seeing people comparing Obama to Hitler ?
VM : Well , that ’s just a cover for out - and - out racism , basically .
It is alarming , the amount of vitriol that ’s being piled on him .
MJ : It ’s not all that unexpected .
“ I spoke to Cormac McCarthy on the phone and that was all we talked about : his kid , my kid , being dads . ”
VM : No .
But it ’s pretty amazing .
It ’s amazing to me that Glenn Beck can be on the cover of Time , and there can be a whole article about him basically saying , “ Well , you know , he ’s controversial . ”
It ’s like , No , he ’s a dangerous idiot who needs the help of a good psychiatrist !
But these are also guys who make money and they like the attention .
Rush Limbaugh , for example , knows he ’s lying his ass off , but he does n’t mind making $ 50 million a year .
MJ : We had an in - house debate about how to cover these guys :
The upshot was that you do n’t follow their antics , but you ’ve still got to cover them .
VM : You gotta do it honestly .
It does n’t mean you have to start swearing and using their tactics , but I think you have to call them on it .
If you let them go with it they ’ll go and go and go .
They are bullies .
But like all bullies , if you stand up to them they ’re not so strong .
MJ : Men ’s Journal called you “ man of no compromise . ”
And that ’s silly .
But campaigning for Kucinich was pretty uncompromising .
Some might say futile .
VM : What am I going to do ?
Look back when I ’m 80 ?
Obama ’s best material during the campaign was cherry - picked from the things Kucinich had been talking about for a long time .
And Kucinich continues to be really the people ’s congressman .
He is the one with the most conscience regarding health care , the banking issue , the bailout .
He ’s the guy who said we should not go into Iraq , and was called a traitor for it .
He was a guy who said , “ This Patriot Act is not a good thing , we should not vote for it . ”
Even people in his own party were saying , “ Why do you say that ? ”
And he says , “ Because I read it , ” and there was silence .
‘ Cause none of them had read it .
They just voted yes because they were told to .
Same with health care stuff .
MJ : I do n’t have much hope for Congress .
VM : I know , but what do you do ?
You either quit or you keep trying .
I ’m optimistic .
Same with The Road .
You know , it ’s uplifting to me .
I am hopeful about the world .
I am hopeful about people in general .
It ’s not over till its over , that ’s my feeling .
MJ : I just saw The Road .
It was kind of a shock to step out onto a crowded street afterward .
It really succeeds in delivering you into this postapocalyptic mindset .
VM : Did you read the book ?
MJ : I did .
Are you happy with the way the movie turned out ?
VM : It ’s a different medium , so you ca n’t avail yourself of all that beautiful McCarthy prose , but I think that in what you feel from it , the emotional weight of the story , it ’s a really good adaptation .
MJ : I thought so , too .
VM : I felt similar in the end , where you feel a deep , deep sadness , but there ’s also a strange uplifting quality .
Yeah , we got to the coast , and yeah , it ’s not any better here — it ’s not any warmer , there ’s not any food , there ’s not any sun , the water ’s not blue , there ’s no sustenance .
But we realize we had what we were looking for :
It was us .
MJ : A decade ago , when your son Henry was about 11 , you took an epic road trip with him .
Did that come up in your preparation for this role ?
“ The preparation for this role was mostly internal : I had to go all the way emotionally . ”
VM : Reading the book and the script and working with Kodi , I was reminded many times of my son at that age .
You can give all the advice you want to your kid .
You can put them on the right path , but the final forming of their character is in their hands .
That ’s true in The Road and it ’s been true with my own son .
In fact , before we started shooting , I spoke to Cormac McCarthy on the phone and that was all we talked about : his kid , my kid , being dads .
We did n’t really talk about the book at all .
The preparation for this role was mostly internal : I had to go all the way emotionally and be very exposed , so I was concerned that we find a really great actor for that boy — a unique person who could handle this .
MJ : I thought Kodi was quite good .
VM : He was amazing .
There was something about him :
He was relaxed , he was in the moment , he had a certain gravity , and his emotional range was amazing — and he could repeat it .
There was n’t much time to mess around because of the limited budget and time to shoot , and winter and short days .
There was a lot of pressure there , and he was more than up to the task .
Without what he did , there ’s no way I could have gotten to some of the places I did .
MJ : How did you guys bond on set ?
VM : Once his dad realized that I was okay , he allowed us to hang out and do things together : walk around Pittsburgh and go to museums and talk about stuff and find stores that sold bugs that you could eat — which ended up in the movie .
We went into this Mexican grocery store and bought every insect they had .
There ’s boxes of them , all different colors and flavors .
Maggots , worms , crickets , some kind of cockroach .
And then we had a little picnic — we spread them all out on the floor .
MJ : Did you snack off - camera ?
VM : We had to save them .
We got a certain amount of boxes and gave them to the prop department , and they did n’t really want us to take any more , because you never know when you ’re going to need them .
But I would tease Kodi .
I would try to get him to eat ones that were crawling around , and he did n’t want any of that .
MJ : How do you prepare to play somebody who ’s starving at the end of civilization ?
VM : Camera work and the choice of locations and the clothing and makeup : Everything was right .
We really had to work .
We were tired and worn out and we really were freezing .
I could n’t very well show up looking extremely well fed .
Kodi was lucky because he ’s just naturally a scrawny kid .
But that was the least of it , really .
It was much harder to go on this emotional challenge together .
MJ : You ’re know for bringing chocolate to the set .
Did you have to bring more than usual ?
VM : I did eat a lot .
That was my sustenance — I had bags of chocolate .
But no , I did n’t have to bring more than usual because Kodi does n’t like it that much , which was very weird .
I had tons .
MJ : What ’s up with you and chocolate , anyway ?
VM : I love it !
“ Kids have this kind of fantasy life which is mostly unfettered , and as actors you have license to keep being a kid in that sense . ”
MJ : You also tend to come bearing gifts .
Is that a product of the cultures you were raised in ?
VM : Maybe .
Maybe it ’s just a product of the way my family is .
MJ : You grew up on ranches in South America ?
VM : Only partly .
I was in Buenos Aires , in Argentina , but I would spend a lot of time in the country .
That ’s where I learned to ride .
MJ : Is it true you wanted to be a cowboy ?
VM : Like a lot of kids I dreamed about being a cowboy or a gaucho or some great adventurer .
MJ : And then you got your chance .
VM : Yeah .
Kids have this kind of fantasy life which is mostly unfettered , and as actors you have license to keep being a kid in that sense .
I like to look at the world from other points of view , and that ’s one of the best ways to do it .
MJ : Would you prefer to have lived at another time ?
VM : No .
I mean , it would be interesting to check it out .
As a kid I used to wake up and think about the fact that I was going to die .
Almost every day , it would be the first thing that ran through my mind and I ’d be annoyed .
It did n’t seem fair .
Whose idea was it ?
I ’m going to be an adventurer and I ’m going to do all these things but it ’s finite ?
It used to really piss me off .
But I stopped doing that maybe in my 20s .
If you ’re spending any time thinking about , Well , it ’s too bad this is going to be over with , you ’re not really there .
MJ : You ’re known for very intense preparation .
In Eastern Promises you play this ambivalent Russian mobster , and you speak Russian in a lot of it .
Did you learn it just for the role ?
VM : Enough to do the film , and I went to Russia and listened to it .
I ended up speaking a little more than we were going to have in the movie just because it seemed to add something .
Luckily there were two Russian satellite TV channels in the apartment that I had while we were shooting in England , so I had that on all the time : soap operas , variety shows , old movies , you know .
I watched Putin give lots of speeches .
Just his mannerisms , his way of speaking , his body language , and the fact that he had a similar background to the character I was playing — that helped me a lot .
Those things change your physiognomy ; they change your body language .
It ’s a part of that technical preparation that allows you to make a leap of faith as a performer .
“ When I land in a country and they ask for ‘ occupation , ’ I always just put ‘ artist . ’
I think that covers all of it . ”
MJ : You ’re good with languages .
In 2006 , you were nominated for Spain ’s version of an Oscar for Alatriste , which was entirely in Spanish .
Was that basically your first language ?
VM : Well , my mom ’s American , so I learned both at the same time — English and Spanish .
MJ : Was it exciting for you , playing a role just in Spanish ?
VM : Yeah , I liked it a lot .
In fact , the next thing I ’m going to do is a play in Spanish .
And that ’s gonna be kind of terrifying , ’ cause I have n’t done a play for a couple of decades .
MJ : Is it true that you ’re not taking any new movie roles for a while ?
VM : I do n’t have any plans .
But I ’ve said that before and people say , “ Well , he ’s done , he ’s quit ! ” I do n’t know if it ’s that people are trying to push me to retire , but …
[ Laughs . ]
MJ : You have all these creative pursuits .
How do you prioritize ?
VM : As far as creative stuff , I never have , really .
Other than to be open to good stories coming my way as an actor .
MJ : Do you think of yourself as an actor first ?
VM : When I land in a country and they ask for “ occupation , ” I always just put “ artist . ”
I think that covers all of it .
MJ : You ’re known as a guy who kind of rejects the superficial trappings of Hollywood .
What ’s the price of fame for you ?
Can you still go places and be anonymous ?
VM : Mostly .
I did n’t really have to deal with any of that stuff until after Lord of the Rings .
And now just once in a while .
The other day , after a Q& A we did here in LA , I went to have a drink and a bite to eat with friends , and suddenly I was trapped , because there was some event next door and people wanted to get pictures of me .
I thought they ’d go away eventually and they did n’t .
Finally I thought ,
What the hell , I ’ll just walk out .
And they followed me for like 10 blocks !
They must have taken 1,500 pictures .
And they kept asking questions and I did n’t answer .
That stuff ’s weird , you know ?
But I do n’t usually go to places where that ’s gonna happen , so I do n’t worry about it .
And I like the fact that when I do a play somewhere , or a poetry reading , or if I show photos in Iceland or Denmark or even Cuba , a lot more people come than would have come 10 years ago .
That does n’t mean that they do n’t care about my [ nonfilm ] work .
Once they get there , they ’re going to look at the paintings or the pictures , they ’re going to listen to the poems , and they ’re either going to like them or not regardless of whether they came there as movie fans .
“ I never did feel confined by playing Aragorn , because it allowed me to do these other things . ”
MJ : Is that why you started Perceval Press ?
VM : It was something I ’d thought about before .
And with the attention from Lord of the Rings I thought , Well , I can do that .
I can publish some nice books the way I think they should be done , and more importantly , publish other people ’s books and present their work the way they would like it presented without having to make the compromises they would have had to make with other publishing houses .
MJ : So you cede a lot of the creative control to your writers and artists .
Is that a reflection of your own frustrations with being edited and not having control of the product ?
VM : I used to be a lot more troubled with it .
There was a poem I wrote back in ’ 91 or ’ 92 .
Something about , Your work has been pruned and removed to a well - groomed graveyard that smells like popcorn .
But I also wrote a poem called “ Matinee ” around the same time , maybe even earlier , which is a reminder about why I do like to work in the movies and feel fortunate just as a fan of movies :
After years of merging and allowing yourself to be assimilated /
Your hair and clothes have turned gray /
Then one afternoon you exit the theater /
After taking in the restored version of The Hero Returns /
And find yourself wanting to be treated special .
You know , it ’s like when something really touches you .
It ’s not wanting to be there or be them :
You are them and you are there .
I felt that from Q&A audiences on The Road , where people had this reaction and their faces — they looked really like they ’d gone through something .
MJ : Are there parts you ’ve turned down and regretted it later ?
VM : I do n’t think so .
In my first couple of years , I probably did 24 or 25 screen tests and it always got down to the final two and I never got them — and each one was a tragedy .
I would say there ’s two roles that I would have liked to play and that I came within a hair ’s breadth of playing .
One was right in the beginning , Greystoke — to play Tarzan .
The other was the Willem Dafoe part in Platoon .
The thing is , I did n’t have the experience to deal with the consequences of being in a big studio movie playing a lead .
I would n’t have kept learning .
I ’ve been lucky to learn by playing all kinds of roles and watching all kinds of really good cinematographers , actors , and directors for many years before people were even aware of me in terms of audience .
MJ : It was kind of a fluke that you were cast as Aragorn , was n’t it ?
VM : Yeah , it was very last minute .
MJ : And it ’s still by far your best - known role .
Does that bug you ?
VM : No .
And it just depends .
In Spain , it ’s definitely Alatriste as much as Lord of the Rings .
In some places it ’s more Alatriste .
In certain parts of New York City people will yell “ Lalin ! ” for one scene I did in Carlito ’s Way .
Puerto Rican guys will always know that .
But I never did feel confined by [ playing Aragorn ] , because it allowed me to do these other things .
“ I liked my privacy .
I did n’t like the sound of phones ringing in my house .
I was afraid that I ’d opened up a big can of worms [ by using a cellphone ] . ”
MJ : John Hillcoat , who directed The Road , came to it with a limited track record — mostly music videos and so forth , and really just one feature film , The Proposition …
VM : It ’s a good movie .
It ’s really a cult favorite , and certainly the producers or the people who had the rights to McCarthy ’s book liked what he ’d done .
I think Cormac McCarthy liked The Proposition a lot .
So they felt he was the right choice .
The places he put us in , the situations , the whole design of the movie — it was very easy to feel like we were living this story .
A lot of our work was done for us by his meticulous preparation .
MJ : This is a tangent , but is it true you tried to destroy your first cell phone ?
VM : Yeah , I threw it out the window , actually .
It was brought back to me .
And then I threw it in the back alley .
I did n’t like it .
I was convinced to have one .
What happened was I had gotten a job on a TV show and they kept calling the agent and I went down to call him from the pay phone .
He said , “ I ’ve been trying to call you for a day and a half .
You ’ve got this job .
You ’ve got a plane leaving in two hours from Newark . ”
And I did make the plane , but then he said , “ You ’re nuts and you ’ve gotta get a phone . ”
Then it rang a couple times and I said , “ Fuck that . ”
So I threw it out the window .
I have a phone now , obviously .
MJ : Was it more about guarding your personal space or do you have some sort of antipathy toward technology ?
VM : Well , ignorance breeds antipathy .
Until I got to know how computers worked , I did n’t want anything to do with them .
I said , “ Well , why do I need them ?
I write letters . ”
Which I still do .
With phones , I liked my privacy .
I did n’t like the sound of phones ringing in my house .
I was afraid that I ’d opened up a big can of worms , and really I was n’t .
It ’s not like there were that many people that were going to be calling me .
[ Laughs . ]
Certainly not back then .
The COVID - 19 pandemic forces instructors worldwide to adopt courses for online and / or blended learning .
This virtual special issue includes twelve articles showcasing excellent examples and best practices of online teaching of courses in Operations Research ( OR ) , Management Science ( MS ) , Analytics , and related fields .
The INFORMS Case Competition is designed to encourage the creation , dissemination , and use of new , unpublished cases in operations research and the management sciences .
All submissions and supporting documentation are due by July 31 , 2020 .
All cases will be reviewed by a panel of judges familiar with the case method .
To learn more about the competition , please click here .
Call for Papers
Special Issue of INFORMS Transactions on Education : Integrating Artificial Intelligence in ORMS / A Education
Submission Deadline :
April 30 , 2020
Methodologies from management science ( MS ) , operations research ( OR ) , and analytics play a central role in artificial intelligence ( AI ) , and many applications within the field of operations management ( OM ) use AI - based techniques .
This special issue focuses on teaching AI concepts within MS / OR / OM and analytics courses .
Example topics for potential submissions include , but are not limited to :
Teaching modules that highlight and integrate AI methodology for solving OR / OM / analytics problems , and / or highlight and integrate OR / OM / analytics methodology within AI ;
Successful classroom collaborations between computer scientists and operations researchers to bridge the two disciplines ;
Survey on teaching AI through case studies or classroom games ;
A case study or classroom game on using AI for a particular application ( e.g. , inventory management , network design , supplier selection , delivery planning and scheduling , etc. ) ;
Use of AI techniques for improving ( the organization of ) teaching ( e.g. , use of neural networks or machine learning techniques to find hidden patterns in student performance data ) ; and
Study on the importance of including AI in business programs .
Click here to read more about the Special Issue of INFORMS Transactions on Education .
It ’s inevitable that a Katrina - style hurricane will strike again .
But maybe this time we should be prepared to go with the flow–literally .
Brad Pitt ’s Make it Right Foundation unveiled today the Float House , a home that can break away from its moorings in the event of a flood and rise up to 12 feet on guideposts .
The house , designed by Morphosis Architects , is covered with concrete and built with a polystyrene foam base .
Float House does break away from electrical lines in a flood , but a battery backup can provide enough power to juice up appliances for three days .
So far , Morphosis has n’t had the chance to test the home in real flood conditions –just computer simulations .
The company has n’t revealed how much the Float House will cost , but a home that can save itself during a flood is like homeowner ’s insurance for its inhabitants .
And today , one family displaced by Katrina will have the chance to move into a model Float House , effectively giving them a second chance in the event of a second major hurricane .
[ Via Inhabitat ]
My brain looks like this inside .
As most of you have likely gleaned by now , I am a genius .
If you picture the distribution of human intelligence looking like a bell , with one high point in the middle and the sides tapering downward , I 'm very near the top of that bell , which is the point of highest intelligence on the bell .
You could also call it a wishbone shape , and if you broke it in half I would be the smart half of the wishbone ( or " bell " ) .
If you were to ring the bell , I would say something smart , like " I have an opinion about politics , " or " I read books with no pictures . "
On the few occasions when I 've met readers of this site , I 've always been alarmed by their uncomprehending brows and apish gaits ; this leads me to believe , by the principles of science and averages , that most of you are less smart than me and consequencely have no idea what being a genius is like .
In this essay , I will tell you what it 's like to be a genius ; that 's my introduction .
My thesis [ 1 ] is that being a genius is great , but it has its drawbacks .
I 'll start with a simple example .
When a genius looks at a tree , he instantly takes in not just its natural beauty but its scientific complexity : the ornate fractal patterns of its branches ; the inscrutable calculus of its emotions ; the gentle hissing of its photosynthesis [ 2 ] .
A genius like me has upwards of four thoughts about a tree before he even leans in to take a bite of it .
You , on the other hand , probably just want to cut it down , which is exactly the kind of destructive human impulse geniuses like to write heavy - handed science fiction stories about .
For shame ; if only you were literate , you would know your error .
Geniuses have really great senses of humor , as you might have noticed from me .
When somebody makes a joke , I usually understand it .
If it seems like I 'm laughing a little later than everyone else , it 's only because I had to pause for a moment to mentally translate it into German -- the language of humor -- so that I might appreciate it in its funniest state .
Due to how language works , there 's no way to translate very juvenile , vulgar puns into German , which is probably why I laugh much more quickly at those .
I 'm always thinking and coming up with new ideas .
Some nights I just lie awake all night and drift into sort of an intellectual reverie where my eyes are closed and I 'm having ideas about how I 'm in an elevator with Shirley Temple but the elevator is also supposed to be my dad 's old car , and you can tell Shirley Temple is supposed to be my sister for some reason .
Being as how I am smart , I have a way with words , and I can command the English language with great verisimilitude -- see ?
When I speak , I can often come up with very smart - sounding things right on the spot , like this : " I find that Gallagher had quite an intractable episteme on the dialectic of symbology . "
Everything I say sounds like I wrote it down before I said it , and everything I write has plenty of exotic punctuation , like the semicolon , which is what you use if you want to write some more but your sentence seems like it 's over ; but then it 's not over .
How did I start being a genius ?
It just happened , and you could too !
As a precocious child , I always knew I was a genius .
I learned to walk before I could count , and I learned to play chess when I was only nine -- by the time I was sixteen , I was already beating the fifth - graders .
I was truly a renaissance child ; I showed a great aptitude for drawing ( mostly muscle guys with guns ) , and I composed my first symphony when I was only four ( it was called " Doggy Yum Yum Song , " and it went to the tune of that " Charge ! " thing they play on the organ at baseball games ) .
Now , as an adult , I 've developed faculties far beyond those of most children who were my age when I was young .
For example , I can multiply almost any two single - digit numbers in my head almost instantly ; the sevens are hard , but only because they 're " prime numbers , " meaning I can't multiply them by anything but one .
I excel at the taxonomical sciences , too , and can name almost any animal I see -- I especially prefer the naming of cats , because I think it 's funny to give them people names , like " Rick Birdcastle . "
The annoying thing about being a genius , though , is that sometimes regular people do n't understand us as fully as we understand them .
One thing people misunderstand about geniuses is that we can only enjoy fancy , intellectual books .
Not necessarily [ 3 ] !
While I do love diving into Finnegans Wake and enjoying a thorough understanding of its many themes and devices and laughing at the funny words , I 'm equally comfortable snuggling into a casual hour of Ulysses .
Geniuses even enjoy things that are n't books at all ; thanks to our surpassing command of metaphors and subtle hidden meanings , a genius can derive as much aesthetic pleasure from reading the warnings on a snail bait box as most laymen can squeeze out of a Shakespeare play .
Speaking of Shakespeare , every genius has a favorite Shakespeare play , and it 's always one of the sort of bad ones .
Mine is Cymbeline , which might not even exist .
And as for music , it 's not all Mozart and Bachmaninoff -- most of us enjoy regular pop music , and every genius I 've ever met has the same favorite record album .
Can you guess what it is ?
It 's Schubert Dip by EMF .
A lot of people think geniuses are tortured and sad .
This is n't completely true .
Some geniuses have indeed lived with crippling depression and insanity , like Vincent Van Gogh ( crazy ) , John Keats ( bad cough ) and Albert Einstein ( weird hair , gay{ ?} ) , while others like Stephen Hawking have let their bodies wither away because their brains are so busy with thinking .
But this is not true of all geniuses ; many , like Carl Sagan and Ian Dench , have led very happy and fulfilling lives .
I 'm proud to count myself among those geniuses who buck the stereotype [ 4 ] --
I 'm a very happy guy in general , and my genius lets me find intellectual joy and delight in things that stupid people would find sad , like for example child famine ( so dry ! ) and that thing where holocaust survivors go senile and get put in homes and think they 're back in the concentration camps ( magnifique ; truly a metaphor for something ! ) .
In conclusion , I like how I 'm a genius , and sometimes people do n't understand it .
But now you do , I hope .
In conclusion , the moral is be nice to geniuses .
Glossary of Difficult Terms
[ 1 ]
Thesis - noun : like the moral of a story , but in a fact essay .
[ 2 ] Photosynthesis - noun + verb ( nerb ) : how trees make money .
[ 3 ]
Necessarily - adverb : a logical condition by which a thing is sufficient to make it true .
[ 4 ]
Stereotype - verb : an early kind of photograph made with chemicals and a mirror .
– Dr. David Thorpe ( @Arr )
Researchers in the United Kingdom have found some nanoparticles - which can be found in common household items - can damage DNA without even penetrating the cells .
They found the nanoparticles can indirectly damage DNA inside cells by transmitting signals through a protective barrier of human tissue .
The stunning discovery adds to a growing body of research highlighting proven and potential health hazards from the rapidly expanding universe of engineered objects measured in billionths of a metre .
Nanoscale products already widely in use range from cosmetics to household cleaning products and sporting goods .
But the new findings , reported in the journal Nature Nanotechnology , could also point to new ways in which nanotherapies might zero in on disease - causing tumours , say researchers .
They could even shed light on how poorly understood pathogens penetrate into human organs .
In laboratory experiments , scientists led by Dr Charles Case of Southmead Hospital in Bristol , grew a multi- layer ' barrier ' of human cells to mimic specialised protective tissues found in the body .
For example one such barrier separates blood from the brain .
Underneath this layer , three - to - four cells thick , they placed human fibroblast cells which play a key role in the formation of connective and scar tissue .
And on top they put nanoscale particles of cobalt - chromium , an alloy that has long been used in the making of hip - and - knee - replacement joints , and more recently in drug - delivery mechanisms used inside arteries .
' As if it were n't there '
Earlier studies had shown that direct exposure to large quantities of the alloy could severely damage DNA is some cells and the researchers wanted to find out how well the laboratory grown barrier would protect the fibroblast cells below .
" We never imagined that it would n't , " said Dr Case .
" But to our great surprise , not only did we see damage on the other side of the barrier , we saw as much damage as if we had not had a barrier at all . "
At first , the researchers speculated that the tiny particles , barely 30 billionth of a metre in diameter , had slipped through microscopic cracks in the cellular blockade .
But there was no sign of the alloy on the other side and when the experiment was repeated with far larger particles , the result was essentially the same .
" We could only conclude that the DNA damage occurred after indirect exposure depending on a process of signalling between cells rather than the passage of metal through the barrier , " said Dr Gevdeep Bhabra , a surgeon at Southmead and co-author of the study .
Professor Thomas Faunce from the Australian National University in Canberra says the study is significant .
" Nano - toxicological research has focused on looking at what happens if we put nanoparticles inside these type of cells , " said Professor Faunce .
" What [ this latest research is ] saying is once nanoparticles are in the body they have a capacity to cause toxocological effects at a distance . "
Previously , Professor Faunce has expressed concern regarding the over -use of nanoparticles in products such as nano - silver bandages and undergarments .
He says in light of this recent report any future investigation into the use of nanoparticles and their associated levels of toxicity may need to be rethought .
His views were echoed by the researchers themselves and experts not involved in the study .
" What it tells me is that the precaution with which some scientists and regulators say we should proceed is the right way to go , " said Professor Vyvyan Howard , a pathologist at the University of Ulster who founded the Journal of Nanotoxicology .
Prion diseases
But the newly uncovered mechanism holds promise too .
" The first exciting question is , can we deliver novel therapies across barriers without having to cross them ? " said Professor Ashley Blom , an orthopaedic surgeon and researcher at the University of Bristol .
" There are also implications as to how nanoparticles that we all have in our bodies might act across membranes - small particles like prions and viruses may use some of these mechanisms .
" This opens up a whole new field of research . "
Prion diseases occur when a mutated form of the prion protein runs amok , destroying brain cells .
Testing
Professor Howard says when considering the safety of nanoparticles , one must distinguish between medical and broader industrial applications .
New drugs are carefully tested , reducing the chances of widespread harm .
And even if nanodelivery and imaging systems turn out not to be risk - free , that does not necessarily mean they should not be used .
" Depending on the kind of disease you have , you will accept some very nasty therapies , " he said .
For example a chemotherapy for cancer .
" But there is a world of difference between accepting a therapy under informed consent and involuntary exposure . "
He pointed out most industrial uses are not regulated at all .
The insinuation is that Pete Rouse , now a senior adviser at the White House and formerly Mr Obama 's senate chief of staff , was somehow inspired by Mrs Palin 's campaign on a visit to or by his contacts with Alaska , where his mother is from and he lived and worked for many years .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The White House has denied reports that US President Barack Obama may soon announce a substantial increase in US troops to Afghanistan .
Mr Obama 's press secretary Robert Gibbs said the president had not yet made a decision on troop numbers .
The BBC's Newsnight programme had reported that that the increase could be announced as soon as next week .
Earlier , UK PM Gordon Brown pledged 500 more forces personnel for Afghanistan - if key conditions were met .
They would be sent as long as they had the necessary equipment , if other Nato allies boosted their troop numbers and more Afghan soldiers were trained .
There are currently about 9,000 UK personnel in Afghanistan .
' Coordinated review '
Newsnight said the Obama administration had already told the UK government it would soon announce a substantial increase to its military forces in Afghanistan .
All indications are that President Obama is honouring the request by Gen McChrystal
Said Jawad , Afghan ambassador to US
Troops to boost UK presence Mark Urban 's blog
The programme said it understood an announcement could come next week , in time for a meeting of Nato defence ministers in Bratislava .
On the programme , Said Jawad , the Afghan ambassador to Washington , was asked if he could confirm that the United States would be sending more troops .
" We should wait for the official announcement by the US government but all indications are that President Obama is honouring the request by Gen McChrystal . "
He was asked if that meant 40,000 to 45,000 extra troops .
" This is part of the request , yes , " he said .
But Mr Gibbs said the president had " not made a decision " .
He added : " I think that you can assume that the BBC will not be the first outlet for such a decision . "
However he did say the US had been " coordinating our review with our allies " and that Mr Brown had " communicated to us their decision to send more troops " in a phone call last week .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service " Obviously , the British people and those that serve there have borne an enormous price in casualties .
Obviously , we 're thankful for a strengthening of the coalition , " Mr Gibbs said .
Mr Brown said he was prepared , in principle , to send an extra 500 troops to Helmand Province in southern Afghanistan - where Nato troops are fighting fierce battles with the Taliban - in response to military advice .
He said the reinforcements would happen only if troops had the equipment and training necessary to perform the tasks asked of them .
Given the conditions placed on their deployment , the BBC 's defence correspondent Caroline Wyatt said it was unlikely the extra troops would be in Afghanistan soon .
But the announcement did send a clear message to the US as it reviews its Afghan strategy , she added .
Mr Obama has been considering future troop options after a request by Gen McChrystal , the commander of international forces in Afghanistan , for what has been widely reported as up to 40,000 more Nato troops .
Major combat units Reconstruction teams Isaf 's major combat teams in Afghanistan Isaf 's provincial reconstruction teams in Afghanistan Over 40 countries contribute forces to the international mission in Afghanistan .
Full details on the Isaf website .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Spencer Kelly departs from Click 's private airbase in London and heads east to the land of the future , a place that 's always ready to try the next big thing - Japan .
He uncovers the Japanese desire for new technology and ventures into Akihabara - Tokyo's technology district - and even discovers designs for a robot suit .
WASHINGTON  American military officers are expressing concern over the spreading use of makeshift bombs beyond the war zones of Iraq and Afghanistan to other countries in the region , as well as in East Asia and South America .
Improvised explosive devices , as the military calls them , have been the largest killer of American forces in Iraq and Afghanistan , showing up with devastating effect in Pakistan and India , but also with less notice in Thailand , Sri Lanka , the Philippines , Colombia , Somalia and parts of North Africa .
Even Russian security forces have faced the devices in the republics of Ingushetia and Dagestan , although attacks in Chechnya have fallen .
“ There is a robust and constant I.E.D. effort among violent extremists who are using it as their weapon of choice , ” said Lt. Gen .
Thomas F. Metz , director of the Pentagon ’s organization in charge of seeking ways to counter improvised explosives .
“ That wo n’t change for decades .
We are in this fight for a long time . ”
By clicking , he can work out how far away an object is by the time it takes the echo to return .
The intensity of the echo tells him the object 's size while the pitch tells him if a moving object is getting nearer or further away .
" Intimate " is not a word that one often associates with church .
But the miniature Church of St Nicholas at Pett Level lends a whole new meaning to small .
I have seen bedrooms larger .
The modest building stands in the unlikely location of the Sussex seaside , bordered by one of the county 's steepest hills and a snack kiosk that caters to hungry holidaymakers .
It was originally built as a " life - saving rocket apparatus station " , which means that it once stored equipment for the Coastguard .
But , as their literature points out , the parishioners of St Nicholas are very proud of their humble origins .
" The association with life - saving is a very beautiful one , and surely no coincidence . "
In 1935 , the building was purchased for the princely sum of £ 100 and dedicated to St Nicholas , the patron saint of both sailors and children .
I was charmed by the inside where it was simply , yet gracefully furnished with wood panelling , floors , and chairs .
Light came in through a lovely little stained - glass window , and small bunches of flowers placed throughout gave the room a cheer in spite of the rainy drizzle outside .
It was a " mature " congregation of about a dozen .
I was advised , " We may be old , but we ai n't decrepit . "
Someone else added , " … yet . "
Everyone seemed to know one another and the atmosphere was one of relaxed amity .
At 8 am , Reverend Bernard Crosby got down to business with announcements regarding a sick cat , an impending flower festival , and the archbishops ' recommended suspension of the sharing of the chalice at communion due to swine flu fears .
He instructed us to dunk our wafers into the wine instead .
( Though one rebel would grab the chalice during communion and drink from it , swine flu be damned . )
Then Crosby led us with the magical words , " Let us be quiet . "
We bowed our heads for a few moments of prayer before diving into the service .
Mass at St Nicholas is remarkable on two counts ; it only lasts half an hour ( no hymns ! ) , and they stubbornly cling to the 16th - century Book of Common Prayer , displaced in most other churches by the more contemporary Common Worship .
The traditional text , Crosby explained , " Fits our group like a glove . "
It is a small book , written in ye- olde language such as sitteth and proceedeth .
The typeface was as minute as the building itself and it was difficult to follow .
I kept losing my place and messing up the lines much to the quiet embarrassment of those around me .
In my defence , not only were they all wearing thick spectacles to decipher the text , but they had many more years of experience with it .
With only 30 minutes to conduct the service , Crosby moved at a brisk clip .
He read well , was engaging and witty , and seemed as interested himself in what he was saying as we were .
And we were .
Especially as the word " circumcision " was tossed around an awful lot .
We avoided any real discussion about circumcision in spite of the fact that it seemed to pepper both the biblical reading and the sermon .
What we took away instead was an uplifting message about letting go of the worry and fears of tomorrow .
The church was initially opened to cater to the demand for mass by holidaymakers .
During the 1930's , Pett Level boasted a caravan park , a tennis court , and a handful of homes .
The area has always been a mecca for fossil - hunters .
But the war forced an evacuation of Pett Level in 1940 as rumours of possible invasion swirled .
It became part of the Rye defence area and no one was allowed to return for the next five years .
In the church 's glory days , there were often services and they had their own vicar , but now it is down to every third Sunday of the month .
People on holiday just do n't go to church anymore .
St Nicholas shares Rev Crosby with two other parishes ; one in Pett ( proper ) and another in neighbouring Fairlight , where they often share a service with the Methodists .
I looked at Crosby with admiration , " So you are a sort of itinerant vicar ? "
He laughed but pointed out that he was in fact , a rector and not a vicar .
I naively asked " And what is the difference ? "
I heard someone behind me mumble disapprovingly , " The Guardian should know the difference between a vicar and rector . "
I hung my head .
But a kind soul took pity and not only described the difference , but went on to detail the history of the Anglican church in that area since the beginning of time .
When it became apparent that I was utterly lost , Crosby stepped in and gently suggested that I write , " The people that I met were steeped in history . "
The parishioners were terribly proud of their little church and I do n't blame them .
It was lovely , the atmosphere warm , and the sense of community palpable .
" Come back again " , they implored me .
" Sometimes after service the entire congregation will go to someone 's house for breakfast .
It 's a lot of fun . "
One of the ladies leaned in with a smile , " It 's a proper breakfast too .
We cook eggs , sausages , toast , tea , and everything you could imagine . "
Lovely church .
Lovely people .
And a full - English .
Amen .
Opposition supporters used the internet to publicise the killing of Neda Soltan
Iranian police have set up a special unit to monitor political websites and fight internet crime .
The head of the unit , Col Mehrdad Omidi , said it would target political " insults and the spreading of lies " .
Most opposition websites are already banned , especially those linked to the defeated presidential candidates from Iran 's disputed June elections .
But activists continue to set up new websites to keep their campaign alive , as they have no access to state media .
" Given the spread of internet use , police must confront crimes taking place in the web atmosphere , " Mr Omidi was quoted as saying in local news reports .
He said the new 12 - member " special committee " would monitor the internet and deal with crimes such as " fraud ... insults and the spreading of lies " .
Iranian experts say the deployment of the new unit is aimed at choking off the opposition campaign .
" Authorities know that the internet is one of the few available channels for the opposition to make its voice heard .
They want to silence opposition voices , " journalist Akbar Montajabi told the Associated Press news agency .
Iranian authorities launched a massive crackdown following the disputed 12 June election , which opposition supporters say was rigged to ensure the re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
At least 30 protesters have been killed , thousands have been arrested and some 200 opposition activists remain behind bars .
Three have so far been sentenced to death .
Stupak has threatened to block the House health care bill unless he can add an amendment that according to a Media Matters report would restrict , perhaps dramatically , the availability of abortion services in the US - which according to the Guttmacher Institute are currently unavailable in 87 % of US counties .
As one Daily Kos member put it , " If this [ Stupak 's amendment ] goes through , then ANY clinic who takes funds from the public option will be prohibited from performing abortions even if they are privately paid for ... "
So , Bart Stupak is holding health care hostage to his agenda of further restricting access to abortion services .
Mafia imagery is very appropriate here :
Stupak is a member of " The Family " whose members sometimes refer jokingly to their influence peddling group as a " Christian mafia " .
Representative Stupak lives in the Family - run rent - subsidized " C Street House " that 's registered as a church and which became notorious over the summer when three Republicans associated with the C Street House became embroiled in sex scandals .
Among Bart Stupak 's fellow C Street Housers are Republicans who have been most noisily working to block health care reform - including Jim DeMint who , in a July 17th conference call told conservative activists that " ... if we 're able to stop Obama on this [ health care ] it will be his Waterloo .
It will break him . "
GOP Counting on " Magnificent " Blue Dogs To Block Health Care Reform
Pro-Life , Anti-Choice , Blue Dog Democrats in Congress played a " magnificent " role in blocking health care reform during the Clinton administration according to Chris Smith ( R - NJ ) who is Stupak 's fellow Co - Chair of the House Pro-Life Caucus .
And , under the " courageous " and " smart " leadership of House Pro-Life Caucus leader , Michigan Democrat Bart Stupak , with the support and prayers of Republicans categorically opposed to the Democratic Party 's health care reform effort , the Blue Dogs may be able to do it again .
That 's what GOP Representative Smith told the audience at a " townhall " panel event on Friday September 18th at the Family Research Council Action 's Washington DC 2009 Values Voter Summit [ see attached video and transcript ] .
Another Republican at the event , Tom Price ( R - GA ) , suggested that lockstep GOP opposition to health care reform affords the Blue Dogs " an opportunity to show some backbone " and " stand up to their leadership to say ' no more will we allow this travesty to go on . ' "
In an October 29 op - ed for The Hill , Stupak protests , " [ r ] ecent news articles have reported that I am trying to " kill " healthcare reform , but that could n't be further from the truth . "
In his Hill op - ed , Bart Stupak writes , " [ o ] ur healthcare system is broken and I believe reform is necessary . "
As usual , the devil is in the details .
Representative Stupak has repeatedly said that his anti-abortion caucus has enough Democratic Party votes to ally with Republicans to block the health care bill from going to the house floor and Stupak is demanding , in exchange for not blocking the bill , that he be allowed to introduce an amendment to H.R. 3200 that would definitively prevent the new health care program from funding abortions .
According to Stupak his amendment probably would pass because polls show that a clear majority of Americans are opposed to the government funding of abortions .
But if the amendment passes , the Democratic Party pro-choice voting block in the House may withdraw its support of H.R. 3200 , leaving House leadership without enough votes to pass the bill .
But Bart Stupak 's agenda seems to go beyond simply preventing federally funded abortions , to a back - door effort that could make abortion services unavailable to most Americans .
A recent study by the Guttmacher Institute found that 87 % of US counties lacked abortion providers but the health care amendment Stupak has co-sponsored together with GOP Representative Joe Pitts ( R - PA ) would bar not only publicly but also privately funded abortion coverage in a national health care exchange system ; health care providers participating in the new health care system would n'e be allowed to affer abortion services at all .
One of Stupak 's statements even seems suggest he is opposed to a health care system which acknowledges any basic reproductive rights whatsoever .
On Wednesday September 23rd , in an interview for the National Catholic Register , which bills itself as the nation 's biggest Catholic pro-life publication , Bart Stupak warned that under public health care options , " At least one dollar of your money will go to supplement reproductive rights or abortion services . "
The position and health care amendment seem almost tailored to offend reproductive rights advocates in the House and call into question Congressman Stupak 's assurance that he is acting in good will .
Which in turn raises the issue of Bart Stupak 's involvement in The Family .
Meet The Family
While Rep. Stupak has been careful to avoid giving the impression that he is categorically opposed to any health care reform bill , his associates and housemates in the powerful , secretive , and anti-democratic Washington Christian fundamentalist association known as The Family , or The Fellowship , have led much of the GOP 's most virulent opposition to health care reform .
Along with his health care amendment co-sponsor Joe Pitts ( R - PA )
Bart Stupak is a longtime member of the mainly - Republican radical free - market , union - busting theocratic fundamentalist group , which runs the " C Street House " that is registered as a church , where Bart Stupak has enjoyed Christian fellowship and cheap rent for years .
Stupak 's former " C Street " housemate Senator James DeMint ( R - S. Carolina ) has vowed to make the fight against health care reform President Barack Obama 's " Waterloo " .
Bart Stupak has been a longtime resident at The Family 's now - infamous " C Street House " that over Summer 2009 became nationally notorious for a trio of sex scandals which enveloped three national GOP politicians who have lived at or been associated with the house .
The C Street House functions , according to journalist Jeff Sharlet , as an unregistered lobby .
Sharlet is author of the 2008 NYT bestelling book The Family : The Secret Fundamentalism at The Heart of American Power , a heavily researched exploration of the secretive but remarkably influential DC - based international fundamentalist group whose members are known to refer to their association as a " Christian mafia . "
" I do n't belong to any such group " - Bart Stupak
In a July conference call with journalists , Representative Stupak told Michigan Messenger reporter Ed Brayton , " I do n't belong to any such group .
I rent a room at a house in ' C Street . '
I do not belong to any such group .
I do n't know what you 're talking about , [ The ] Family and all this other stuff . "
But in an interview for a seminal 2002 LA Times article on The Family by journalist Lisa Getter , Stupak indicated he considered himself bound by a C Street House or Family code of secrecy , telling Getter , " We sort of do n't talk to the press about the house . "
The C Street House is owned by a global missionary group whose founder advocates that Christians infiltrate and take over key sectors of society such as business , media , educations , and government .
One of Bart Stupak 's housemates at C Street identified in Getter 's article was then - South Carolina Congressman Jim DeMint , now a Senator .
In a July 17th conference call DeMint told conservative activists , " if we 're able to stop Obama on this [ health care ] it will be his Waterloo .
It will break him and we will show that we can , along with the American people , begin to push those freedom solutions that work in every area of our society . "
During the Summer of 2009 DeMint , author of the new book Saving Freedom : We Can Stop America 's Slide into Socialism , held a " townhall " forum event which , as described by Editor of Editor & Publisher magazine Greg Mitchell , featured " lies and misinformation that came both from the crowd and the stage " which " probably exceeded what many might have imagined . "
Nazis , Bolsheviks and Maoists , Oh my
Longtime Family member and GOP Representative Todd Tiahrt ( R - Kansas ) also held a summer townhall forum promoting brazen falsehoods about proposed Democratic health care legislation .
As described in Jeff Sharlet 's groundbreaking 2003 Harpers story " Jesus Plus Nothing : Undercover Among America 's Secret Theocrats , " Tiahrt has had the benefit of personal personal tutelage from Family head Doug Coe .
Exclusive video footage shown in an April 2008 NBC
News story by Andrea Mitchell and Jim Popkin , from the late 1980s , showed Coe before an audience celebrating the dedication and political efficacy of Hitler 's Nazis , Lenin 's Bolshevik's , and Mao's Red Guard -- who during the Cultural Revolution demonstrated such dedication they were willing to chop off their own parent 's heads for the good of the state according to Coe .
One of Bart Stupak 's C Street housemates is Nevada Senator John Ensign , who has taken a lower profile since becoming embroiled in a summer C Street House - baeed sex scandal but made an appearance at an early September 2009 roundtable discussion with 20 health care professionals during which Ensign declared that if the Democrats " want a public option , it wo n't be bipartisan .
I do n't know a single Republican that , if there is maybe there 's one , but I personally do n't know of any Republican that could live with this so called public option .
Because it will destroy , I believe , and most believe , that it will destroy the private insurance system . "
Doug Coe 's government paid ambassadors for Jesus
Senior Republican member of the Senate Finance Committee and Family member Charles Grassley ( R - Iowa ) has played an outsized role in negotiations over possible health care legislation .
As Grassley told the Wall Street Journal in late August , " Government is not a competitor , it 's a predator . "
Criticizing the public option Grassley then declared , " [ w ] e'd have 120 million people opt out [ of private insurance ] , then pretty soon everyone is in health care under the government and there 's no competitor . "
As described in journalist Jeff Sharlet 's book The Family , Grassley has at times served as Family head Doug Coe 's personal international emissary .
Like Grassley , James Inhofe ( R - Okla ) has also served as Coe 's personal representative , making repeated taxpayer - financed trips to Africa to evangelize African heads of state .
In an early 2009 conversation with Washington evangelist Rev. Rob Schenck , Inhofe described visiting Africa in the mid 1990s , at the request of Doug Coe , to " take the name of Jesus " to " the kings " .
Inhofe has stated he will vote against any health care reform bill without even reading it first .
Although The Family 's politics in the aggregate skew decidedly right the group 's membership includes a number of centrist Democrats , such as Florida Senator Bill Nelson , who has opted to throw his substantial political weight behind Montana Senator and Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus ' compromise health care bill , H.R. 3200 , which does not include a public option .
Nelson 's wife Grace has served on the board of the Fellowship Foundation , one of the main nonprofit organizational entities of the Family .
The " age of minority control "
Founded in the 1930s as an anticommunist and union - busting initiative , The Family advocates a type of laissez - faire Christian theocracy called " Biblical Capitalism " , in which a divinely ordained elite caste in business , government , and other sectors would beneficently rule the masses .
As founder Abraham Vereide wrote in a pamphlet entitled Better Way , " We have entered into an era when the masses of the people are dependent on a rapidly diminishing number of leaders for the determination of their way of life and the definition of their ultimate goals .
It is the age of minority control . "
In a recent Salon.com article , Jeff Sharlet explained that The Family " began 74 years ago as an anti-New Deal coalition of businessmen convinced that organized labor was under the sway of Satan .
The Great Depression , they believed , was a punishment from God for what they viewed as FDR 's socialism . "
The thefts are being investigated by police
Thieves targeting heavy iron drain covers in Swansea are putting motorists and pedestrians at risk of serious injury , a council has warned .
More than 85 have gone missing recently - 23 in the last week - leaving gaping holes in some roads .
At least 10 covers were taken in one day from a section of the Kingsway .
The council has urged road users to beware and report any missing drain or manhole covers to the highways department immediately .
South Wales Police have been alerted .
Swansea council 's head of transport Carl Humphrey said : " The theft of these covers is becoming a regular occurrence unfortunately .
" Recently this type of theft has become more prolific and we are concerned that missing drain covers could damage vehicles or even cause an injury to a pedestrian . "
To report a missing grate or manhole cover contact the highways department on free phone number 0800 132081 .
Hollow Victory
The conventional wisdom among most Republicans is that while the United States had serious difficulty in Vietnam during the early years , by the early 1970s things were turning around , and victory was on the verge .
Unfortunately , the craven Democrats in Congress bowed to widespread anti-war sentiment and forced the Ford administration to end almost all support to South Vietnam , allowing the North Vietnamese to win the war in 1975 .
In the GOP version of the story , this decision was a disastrous mistake .
There has been a lot of talk lately about what the Vietnam War tells us about Afghanistan .
According to the Republicans , the United States is once again at the crossroads of losing another critical war because of feckless Democrats , only this time in Afghanistan .
They contend that while , yes , the United States has mismanaged the war over the past eight years , Washington has now found a formidable military leader in General Stanley McChrystal .
He knows how to defeat the Taliban and keep al Qaeda out of Afghanistan .
However , the major obstacle he faces is n’t in Afghanistan , it ’s here at home : the American public is war - weary and the Democrats — who control both Congress and the White House — have no enthusiasm for the greater sacrifices that General McChrystal recommends .
This narrative is unconvincing for at least two reasons .
First , the United States was not close to victory in Vietnam by the early 1970s , because the South Vietnamese army could not stand on its own .
This was manifestly apparent in 1971 when that army invaded Laos and was badly chewed up by North Vietnamese ground forces .
To stand any chance of holding off Hanoi ’s offensives , the South Vietnamese army needed massive amounts of American airpower , which effectively meant that the U.S. military would have to continue fighting in Vietnam indefinitely just to maintain a stalemate .
That hardly qualifies as being on " the brink " of victory .
In Afghanistan , there is little reason to think that the United States can decisively defeat the Taliban , mainly because they can melt into the countryside or go to Pakistan whenever they are outgunned , returning to fight another day ( just as they did after the initial U.S. victory in 2001 ) .
Furthermore , the Karzai regime , corrupt and incompetent , stands little chance of ever truly being able to rule the country and keep the Taliban at bay , which means that the American military will have to stay there to do the job for many years to come .
But even if success was at hand in Vietnam and the United States could in the near future win quickly in Afghanistan , there is a second and more important flaw in the Republican narrative : Victory is inconsequential .
The United States suffered a clear defeat when South Vietnam collapsed in 1975 , but it hardly affected America ’s position in the global balance of power .
The domino theory proved unfounded ; instead , communist Vietnam invaded communist Cambodia in 1978 and one year later Hanoi was at war with communist China .
More importantly , losing in Vietnam had no adverse effects on America ’s competition with the Soviet Union .
Indeed , 14 years after Saigon fell , the Cold War ended and the United States emerged as the most powerful state on the planet .
The real tragedy of Vietnam is not that the United States lost , but that it became involved in the first place .
It pains me to say this as someone who served in the American military from 1965 to 1975 , but the anti-war movement was right :
It did not matter to U.S. security whether North Vietnam conquered the south and unified that country under communist rule .
More than 58,000 American soldiers and more than 2 million Vietnamese died in an unnecessary and foolish war .
A similar logic applies today with regard to Afghanistan .
The Republicans and General McChrystal claim that it is absolutely necessary to win the war in Afghanistan for the simple reason that a Taliban victory will allow al Qaeda to re-establish a sanctuary in Afghanistan .
And we all know what happened the last time Osama bin Laden was free to scheme and plot against the United States from Afghanistan : September 11 .
The fatal flaw in this argument is that al Qaeda has a sanctuary next door in Pakistan from which it has been operating since it was driven out of Afghanistan in Dec. 2001 .
It does not need a sanctuary in Afghanistan .
Stephen Biddle , a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations who helped General McChrystal formulate his strategy for Afghanistan , recently told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that Pakistan is " superior in important ways to Afghanistan " because it is " richer and far better connected to the outside world than is primitive , land - locked Afghanistan with its minimal communications and transportation systems . "
But what if the Pakistani army eliminates al Qaeda ’s sanctuary in western Pakistan ?
Is n’t its current offensive in South Waziristan a major step toward that end ?
Unfortunately , no .
Pakistan has no intention of rolling up al Qaeda , in good part because it does not have the capability to police those areas where the terrorists are hiding .
The offensive in South Waziristan is not even aimed at the Afghan Taliban , much less at al Qaeda .
This means that al Qaeda will have a sanctuary in Pakistan no matter what happens in Afghanistan , which means that the American military cannot win a meaningful victory there .
In Afghanistan , as in Vietnam , it simply does not matter whether the United States wins or loses .
It makes no sense for the Obama administration to expend more blood and treasure to vanquish the Taliban .
The United States should accept defeat and immediately begin to withdraw its forces from Afghanistan .
Of course , President Obama will never do such a thing .
Instead , he will increase the American commitment to Afghanistan , just as Lyndon Johnson did in Vietnam in 1965 .
The driving force in both cases is domestic politics .
Johnson felt that he had to escalate the fight in Vietnam because otherwise the Republicans would lambaste him for " losing Vietnam , " the same way they accused President Harry Truman of " losing China " in the late 1940s .
Obama and his fellow Democrats know full well that if the United States walks away from Afghanistan now , the Republicans will accuse them of capitulating to terrorism and undermining our security .
And this charge will be leveled at them for decades to come , harming Democrats at the polls come election time .
The Democrats have no intention of letting that happen .
The United States is in Afghanistan for the long haul .
As was the case in Vietnam , more American soldiers and many more civilians are going to die in Afghanistan .
And for no good reason .
In 1976 , Richard Avedon went to Washington to photograph Henry Kissinger .
As Avedon was leading him to his mark , Kissinger said , “ Be kind to me . ”
Artists have been making portraits of the mighty for centuries — from Velázquez ’s Philip IV to Lucian Freud ’s Elizabeth II — and the act of portrait - making can leave the royal or the tyrant , the President or the diplomat with a sudden feeling of disequilibrium , of a transfer of power .
Avedon knew that Kissinger was trying to manipulate him , but what , exactly , did he want ?
“ Did Kissinger want to look wiser , warmer , more sincere than he suspected he was ? ”
Avedon wrote later .
“ Is n’t it trivializing and demeaning to make someone look wise , noble ( which is easy to do ) , or even conventionally beautiful when the thing itself is so much more complicated , contradictory , and , therefore , fascinating ? ”
This past September , when nearly all the world ’s leaders were in New York for a meeting of the United Nations , Platon , a staff photographer for this magazine , set up a tiny studio off the floor of the General Assembly , and tried to hustle as many of them in front of his lens as possible .
For months , members of the magazine ’s staff had been writing letters to various governments and embassies , but the project was a five - day - long improvisation , with Platon doing his best to lure the likes of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , Hugo Chávez , and Muammar Qaddafi to his camera .
And so what did the Israeli Prime Minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , ask the photographer before the shutter clicked ?
“ Platon , ” he said , “ make me look good . ”
History is full of leaders who cannot bear the result of their sittings .
Winston Churchill publicly praised a portrait of him by Graham Sutherland , but soon decided that it made him look senile .
His wife , Clementine , destroyed it .
Usually , it seems , politicians seek out a portrait artist at the beginning of their career .
On February 27 , 1860 , the day he delivered his career - defining speech at Cooper Union , Abraham Lincoln walked over to Mathew Brady ’s studio and had his picture taken .
The greatest of American political lives had begun .
But the anxiety persists .
While political theatre went on inside the General Assembly , Netanyahu kept stopping by Platon ’s makeshift studio and repeated his request : “ Make me look good . ” ♦
News in Science
Mass arsenic poisoning mystery solved
Researchers have finally worked out what led to the widespread release of arsenic into drinking water in rural Bangladesh , affecting millions of people .
Dubbed ' the worst mass poisoning in history ' , the incident has puzzled scientists for decades .
Now a team publishing in Nature Geoscience say that tens of thousands of man-made ponds are to blame .
Arsenic is a naturally occurring chemical poisonous to humans and is known to cause skin lesions and cancers of the bladder , kidney , lung and skin .
An estimated two million people in Bangladesh have been poisoned by arsenic in water drawn from millions of low - tech " tube wells " scattered across the country .
Ironically , the wells were dug with the help of international aid agencies to protect villages from unclean and disease - ridden surface water .
Poisoning symptoms include violent stomach pains and vomiting , diarrhoea , convulsions and cramps .
A large dose can kill outright , while chronic ingestion of small doses has been linked to a large range of cancers .
Health experts suspect the toxic , metal - like element has caused many deaths as well .
Carbon source
Arsenic is widely distributed throughout the earth 's crust and is introduced into water through the dissolution of minerals and ores .
It is known that organic carbon triggers the release of arsenic from sediments into groundwater , but until now the source of this carbon has been unclear .
US environmental engineer , Dr Charles Harvey from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , and colleagues have now found that man-made ponds are a key source of organic carbon .
They used chemical tests and models to study the interaction between the ponds , groundwater , aquifers and sediments in a 15.5 square - kilometre area of the Munshiganj district - a typical rice - growing area of Bangladesh .
The researchers used natural tracers and a 3 - D computer model to track water from rice fields and ponds , and tested the capacity of organic carbon in both settings to free up arsenic from soil and sediments .
" We saw that water with high arsenic content originates from the human - built ponds , and water with lower arsenic content originates from the rice fields , " says co-author Dr Rebecca Neumann .
Groundwater pumping for agriculture carries the organic carbon underground , where it triggers the arsenic release , say the researchers .
' A breakthough '
Professor Scott Fendorf , of Stanford University who studies arsenic content in soils and sediments along the Mekong River in Cambodia , says the new study is clearly a breakthrough .
" It shows that human modifications are impacting the arsenic content in the groundwater , " he says .
" The ponds ... are having a negative impact on the release of arsenic . "
The authors of the new study warn against the building of artificial ponds above existing tube wells .
" The development of artificial ponds above wells should be avoided if it is possible , and drinking - water wells should not be placed downstream of recharge from existing ponds , wetlands , rivers or other permanently saturated water bodies potentially elevated in organic carbon , " they say .
They plan to dig such wells in different region to see whether it leads to improved health for villages .
Arsenic contamination of ground water has been found in other countries , including Argentina , Chile , China , India , Mexico , Taiwan , Thailand and the United States , and is a global problem .
But Bangladesh 's plight is unprecedented and some experts have described it as the largest mass poisoning of a population in history .
According to the World Health Organization , arsenic contaminated water directly affects the health of 35 million people in Bangladesh , which has a total population of 130 million .
Tragically , millions of people continue to knowingly poison themselves for lack of an alternative source of water .
Understanding risk
Swine flu vs. seasonal flu
They 're just trying to sell you something that will harm you
( Natural News )
The CDC now reports that nearly 4,000 Americans have been killed by H1N1 swine flu .
This number is supposed to sound big and scary , motivating millions of people to go out and pay good money to be injected with untested , unproven H1N1 vaccines .
But let 's put the number in perspective :
Did you know that more than
The July 1998 issue ofexplains it as follows : ( Singh Gurkirpal , MD ,  Recent Considerations in Nonsteroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drug Gastropathy  , The American Journal of Medicine , July 27 , 1998 , p. 31S ) So for every person the CDC claims was killed by H1N1 swine flu this year , Yet you do n't see the CDC , FDA , WHO or mainstream media running around screaming about the extreme dangers of aspirin , do you ?
All those deaths apparently do n't matter .
Only swine flu deaths lead to hysteria .
According to death statistics tables available on the 'net , than be killed by swine flu .
Nearly 100,000 Americans die every year from adverse reactions to FDA - approved prescription drugs .
That 's twenty - five times the number of people killed by H1N1 swine flu ( even if you believe the CDC 's numbers ) .
So where 's the big warning about the dangers of prescription drugs ?
Why is n't the CDC warning Americans about an " epidemic of dangerous drugs " that poses a far greater threat to your health ?
The answer , of course , is that health authorities want to push people to buy vaccines that are about to become worthless ( they 're only good before swine flu fizzles out ) .
And the only way to sell more vaccines to people who do n't need them is to hype up a bunch of scare stories by citing bold statistics that make H1N1 swine flu seem really , really dangerous .
But the flu is no more dangerous than aspirin .
In fact , H1N1 swine flu may beHere 's another quote from the Did you catch that ?
The 16,500 figure for deaths each year does n't even include over - the - counter painkiller drugs !
If you add in those numbers , you 're probably looking at something closer to 40,000 Americans kills each year by these drugs .
And that makes these drugs ( because 40,000 is ten times greater than 4,000 ) .
Also according to CDC statistics , swine flu is only approximately one - tenth as dangerous as .
That 's because the CDC maintains that seasonal flu killseach year ( a figure that I 've already pointed out is highly suspect , but that 's what they claim ) .
But even seasonal flu is nothing to get all worked up over .
Unless you 're in a state of terrible health with a compromised immune system , obesity and asthma , beating seasonal flu is a no- brainer :
Just nourish your body with vitamin D , zinc , superfoods and natural health supplements and let your built - in immune technology do its job .
Your immune system has already saved your life countless times .
It knows how to do it if you give it the right nutrition .
There are lots of things that are far more dangerous than swine flu and yet are openly sold to consumers .
and yet you can buy cigarettes at Walgreens , Wal - Mart and CVS pharmacies .
That means statistically , these pharmacies knowingly sell a product that killsas swine flu has this year .
Where 's the alarm about the epidemic of tobacco - related deaths ?
Nowhere .
Not a word from the CDC or WHO .
Also , if pharmacies really cared about your health , why do they openly sell a product that causes cancer and heart disease ?
Think about it ... The fact is , : Tobacco , processed junk food , and of course H1N1 vaccines .
If they could make money selling influenza , they 'd sell that , too .
To the pharmaceutical retailers , it does n't matter how many people die from the products they sell .
They 're just in business to sell anything that turns a profit , regardless of the consequences to public health .
And the vaccine industry is similarly motivated to sell you .
By selling you on the concept that swine flu is extremely dangerous , they can manipulate you into buying yet more harmful stuff they 're hawking at pharmacies ... like H1N1 vaccines .
And they 're counting on the fact that the American people wo n't do the math ( or can 't ) .
Most people have a very poor understanding of risk , and the vaccine industry is counting on precisely that risk assessment ineptitude to push its dangerous vaccines .
If people knew that they are 40 times more likely to be struck by lightning than to have their life saved by a swine flu vaccine , very few would line up to be injected with one .
But they do n't grasp the difference between numbers that are very far apart such as 10^2 versus 10^5 .
To many people , those factors are " about the same " and it's worth getting injected with a vaccine " just in case .
" That 's why I 've always stated a simple truth that still holds true today :
People who seek out vaccine shots are the same kind of people who regularly play the lotto .
Both decisions demonstrate a complete lack of understanding risk vs. reward .
In fact , if you get a swine flu vaccine injection on the same day you buy a lotto ticket , Playing the lotto is actuallythan getting a swine flu vaccine shot .
Plus , the lotto ticket wo n't potentially cause neurological damage that puts you in a coma or causes the spontaneous abortion of your baby -- both of which have been happening to people after receiving H1N1 vaccine shots .
Every copy of the console version of Modern Warfare 2 has been recalled from stores in Russia due to the content of the " No Russian " mission , better known as the controversial airport massacre level .
Likewise , Infinity Ward has released an official patch for the PC and Steam versions of Modern Warfare 2 , entirely removing the mission from the game .
Pending validation from the Russian government , the censored console versions of the game are expected to be released within less than a month , with the mission removed .
Russia = not happy apparently .
According to a post on gaming blog Hellforge , Infinity Ward 's new shooter Modern Warfare 2 has been recalled in Russia on the grounds of objectional content .
The " No Russian " mission during the single - player campaign has gained notoriety in the media for being excessively violent and controversial , and was apparently the impetus for the recall .
A Russian - based PS3 site called GotPS3 has spoken out against the plotline , criticizing the game for depicting Russians as terrorists .
Uh-oh .
I 'll tread a little carefully here ...
A game like Modern Warfare 2 is a piece of fiction , and while it uses real - life references to advance its plot , it remains just that -- a piece of fiction .
Did n't anyone in Russia know that the game featured a war between two nations ?
Do you think it 's over - the - top to remove the airport scene from the game over there ?
It 's a powerful experience to be sure ...
In many applications , it can be difficult to measure the effect of an operations research project .
For instance , my colleagues and I provide schedules for Major League Baseball .
What is the value added by the operations research we do ?
MLB does n’t have the time , energy or money to handle multiple schedulers in parallel : they decided five or so years ago that they liked our schedules , and they have been using us since .
We have gotten better over time .
What is the value now ?
Who knows ?
The non-operations research alternatives no longer provide schedules , and the process , in any case , was not “ here ’s a schedule , evalute it ! ” : it is much more interactive .
Once in a while , circumstances come together to show the value of operations research .
If you have been trying to drive anywhere in Montgomery County , Maryland ( northwest of Washington , D.C. ) , you have had a chance to see how traffic systems work without the coordinating effect of operations research systems .
A computer failure messed up the synchronization of traffic signals .
From a Washington
Post article :
A computer meltdown disrupted the choreography of 750 traffic lights , turning the morning and evening commutes into endless seas of red brake lights , causing thousands of drivers to arrive at work grumpy and late , and getting them home more frustrated and even later .
The traffic signals did n’t stop working .
They continued , but they no longer changed the time spent “ green ” in each direction based on time , and they no longer coordinated their “ green ” cycles along the main corridors :
The system , which she described as “ unique ” in the Washington region , is based on a Jimmy Carter - era computer that sends signals to traffic lights all over the county .
On weekday mornings , it tells them to stay green longer for people headed to work .
And in the evenings , it tells them to stay green longer for people headed home .
It also makes them all work together — green - green - green — to promote the flow of traffic .
That happens automatically , and then the engineers use data from hundreds of traffic cameras and a county airplane to tweak the system .
When there is an accident , breakdown or water main break , they use the computer to adjust signal times further and ease the congestion around the problem .
It ’s great when it works , a disaster when it fails .
Of course , without operations research , which determines the correct times and coordinates it across the network , it would be a disaster all the time .
Here ’s hoping they get back to the “ optimized world ” soon ( as seems to be the case ) .
I ’ve been discussing with Right - “ Libertarians ” lately quite a bit , especially after the Division by Zer0 was linked from a related social network as well as in Reddit .
Unfortunately it seems that while most Libertarian Socialists are aware of the positions of such opponents , it ’s very rare for propertarians to be familiar with LibSoc positions , leading to the same tired old arguments that one hopes the AFAQ would have prevented by now .
I ’ve been arguing against those points so often lately that I ’m really getting tired of repeating myself every time some propertarian jumps to the same conclusions just because they do n’t know better .
As such , I ’ve decided to write this primer which will simply be a list of relevant links touching on all such common points raised .
I ’m hoping it will serve as a handy link to give to those unfamiliar with LibSoc and avoid needless repetition .
Is n’t Libertarian Socialism An Oxymoron ?
By far the most common reply once someone first hears about it .
It ’s also the most telling since it shows that the one asking it is very unfamiliar with LibSoc and thus a perfect candidate for a link to this primer .
Abolishing Private Property
You will certainly be confused about what LibSocs are talking about if you do not realize the way that they use the term “ Private Property ” , what they mean by the abolition thereof , what Possession is and the fundamental differences between them
Free Markets and Socialism
Private Property is usually presupposed in the existence of the free markets and / or liberty but this is not required .
Unfortunately from this presupposition one then makes the straw - man argument that socialists wish to coercively prevent free markets or voluntary exchange .
This is false .
Not only are there forms of socialism which are compatible with Free Markets such as Mutualism but even communists would n’t try to stop it actively .
The Labour Theory of Value
Libertarian Socialists as a rule tend to support the Labour Theory of Value in some form ( although that ’s not always the case ) .
Right - Libertarians are trigger happy in accusing them of supporting debunked theories based on a argument from authority ( the authority of Boehm Bawerk mainly ) .
But the reason why socialists still support the LTV is because we see it as the most scientific way to describe the capitalist mode of production and because the criticisms brought against it are generally weak .
Why ca n’t we all just get along ?
A very common point makde , especially from those calling themselves “ Anarcho - Capitalists ” is the request to put aside our differences and work together to topple the state .
They do not understand why LibSocs want nothing to do with them .
Human Nature
Ah , human nature .
The favourite argument of every two - bit authoritarian .
There has never been a concept more used from each and every political camp as an ultimate trump - card against all other social theories .
In Closing
I will try to keep this primer up to date with newer or better posts and I ’ll be adding more classic questions once I get annoyed at them enough .
Please do recommend more such subjects and provide links for them as well .
I will be happy to improve this guide as much as possible .
Other than that , link , tweet and share far and wide .
Hopefully we might avoid wasting so much time explaining the same concepts over and over again .
As for any right - “ libertarian ” having reached this point , I hope that by now you have a better understanding of LibSoc concepts and we can avoid rehashing the same stuff with both sides getting increasingly annoyed at the apparent obtuseness of the other .
Hopefully this will help the dialogue between us to be constructive rather than an exercise in frustration .
I hope you too will share this article to people from your side that you notice are ignorant of the fundamentals .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
After months of almost single - minded focus on healthcare , President Obama is about to shift the White House spotlight to global warming -- first with a speech to the United Nations in New York on Tuesday , then later in the week at the G - 20 economic conference in Pittsburgh .
The renewed emphasis on climate change and reducing carbon dioxide emissions comes at a crucial time : Negotiators are entering the home stretch in a drive to unveil a comprehensive international agreement to curb rising temperatures at a December conference in Copenhagen .
With key divisions remaining among the major industrialized nations , as well as with developing industrial powers and poorer nations , there is concern that negotiations leading up to Copenhagen could be bogging down .
Obama administration officials , while admitting the seriousness of the challenges , hold out hope for a deal .
Here are nine hurdles facing Obama and his counterparts :
Advertisement
Healthcare :
If the U.S. hopes to lead the way to a climate deal , leaders at home and abroad agree , it must complete congressional action on legislation that shows it ’s serious about reducing its own greenhouse gas emissions , which scientists blame for global warming .
The House passed climate legislation in June , but the issue is stalled in the Senate while Congress debates the healthcare overhaul .
If the Senate fails to pass a climate bill before Copenhagen , “ it would open the United States to the charge that it does not take its international commitments seriously , and that these commitments will always take second place to domestic politics , ” Ambassador John Bruton , head of the European Commission Delegation to the United States , warned last week .
Cost :
For any climate bill to pass , key moderate Democrats and crossover Republicans will need to be convinced it wo n’t lead to higher energy prices .
Republicans cite estimates that emission limits could cost a typical family thousands of dollars a year in higher energy costs and lost economic opportunity .
Democrats cite other studies , including a Congressional Budget Office report last week that estimates the “ average per- household loss in purchasing power would be $ 90 in 2012 and $ 925 in 2050 , ” an average of about $ 455 a year from 2012 to 2050 .
Advertisement
Farmers , coal and oil :
The House bill passed only after some representatives won financial breaks for coal - fired power plants , oil refineries , agriculture and other industries .
Those interests hold potentially greater sway among key moderate Democrats -- and possibly some Republicans .
Even more such concessions are likely to be demanded in the Senate , potentially chipping away at the legislation ’s environmental goals .
The president ’s role : Obama stayed largely out of the House climate debate until its final days before passage .
At a time when he ’s juggling one major domestic initiative , several small ones and a complete foreign policy overhaul , he ’ll need to focus on the climate bill to get it through by December .
“ It ’s going to take the president ’s leadership ” to pass a Senate bill , said Dan Lashof , who directs the Climate Center at the Natural Resources Defense Council , which is aggressively fighting for the bill .
“ I think he ’s prepared to do that . ”
Advertisement
Obama pragmatism : The U.S. negotiating team is determined to broker only an international deal that could win ratification in the Senate -- a position that means the team is sticking to far less ambitious emission reduction targets than many other nations would like .
Success in Copenhagen could hinge on Obama ’s ability to sell the more limited agenda .
China and India : Getting the world ’s fast - developing mega-emitters on board will be crucial to any hopes of curbing global warming .
With India deeply reluctant to accept emission limits , U.S. officials have pinned their hopes on winning Chinese support .
Money :
The multibillion - dollar sticking point of the talks could be who pays the bill -- both to help developing nations curb their emissions and help poor island nations adapt to an already changing climate .
Global finance ministers will take up the question at the Group of 20 summit this week .
Poorer nations have asked the developed world to contribute 1 % of its annual gross domestic product to the effort , a potentially $ 140 - billion - a - year tally in the U.S. alone -- and one that does n’t sit well with Republicans in Congress .
Advertisement
Deforestation : Nations can shut down coal plants and pull cars off the road , but the easiest way to slow the accumulation of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere may be to stop deforestation .
The issue will be key to the talks , particularly when it comes to providing incentives for Brazil and Indonesia to cut down fewer trees .
The term paper problem : Veteran climate negotiators say every treaty session ends with a flurry of last - minute activity that generally results in an agreement .
It ’s like college students pulling all - nighters to turn in their final papers .
But with so much unresolved so close to the opening of the session , experts say negotiators need to speed up -- and not cram at the end -- if they have any hopes of success .
--
Advertisement
jtankersley@latimes.com
Duygu writes , " I am a developmental biologist by training .
Actually , my Ph.D. thesis does not really have an evolutionary focus because I study joint regeneration in embryonic chick limb .
However , I have been an evolution enthusiast and also an activist for educating public about the theory of evolution for a long time .
I could not imagine a better tattoo : Darwin 's finches arranged to look like a butterfly ... I got it in 2009 -- Darwin 's 200th anniversary and On The Origin of Species ' 150th anniversary .
I spent last few years reading and writing a lot on evolution , as well as playing the " editor - in- chief " for translating UC Berkeley 's Understanding Evolution website into Turkish ( Evrimi Anlamak - a completely volunteer work by our group called Hard - workers for Evolution ) .
All in all , I am a biologist and ' nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of evolution ' ...
So , I celebrate it with four finches on my shoulder ! "
Click here to go to the full Science Tattoo Emporium .
In a sign of latent fears of Islamic influence in Switzerland , voters on Sunday approved a constitutional ban on the construction of minarets on Muslim places of worship .
There are only four minarets atop mosques in the small Alpine country , but the two right - wing parties that sponsored the referendum cast it as a political question about the assimilation of Muslims into Swiss life .
The minaret “ is a political symbol against integration ; a symbol more of segregation , and first of all , a symbol to try to introduce Sharia law parallel to Swiss rights , ” Ulrich Schluer said in a telephone interview .
Schluer is one of the leaders of the Egerkingen Committee , which authored the bill , and a lawmaker from the conservative Swiss People ’s Party .
Leaders of Switzerland ’s Islamic community of about 350,000 people said they were baffled by the arguments of the referendum ’s proponents and rejected equating minarets with Sharia , or Islamic law .
Advertisement
The minaret is “ one part of our religion and culture , and we have the right to it , ” said Mutalip Karaademi .
Minarets are not used to call Muslims to prayer in Switzerland .
Karaademi , 54 , a furniture salesman who also serves as leader of a Muslim cultural center , helped spark the debate .
Several years ago he asked the northern town of Langenthal whether he could build a minaret on a mosque that serves nearly 3,000 families .
Authorities initially approved it , but a backlash helped launch the referendum drive .
By taking their proposal to a national vote , the Swiss People ’s Party and the Federal Democratic Union bypassed lawmakers ’ attempts to shoot down the bill as discriminatory and unconstitutional .
Many such proposals in Switzerland ’s system of direct democracy are turned down , but Sunday ’s approval by 57.5 % of voters illustrated an anxiety that the political establishment had underestimated , said analyst Lukas Golder of the political think tank gfs.bern .
Advertisement
“ This is a sign that the issue was only covered on the surface , and now it has come up , and the political elite can see that the broader public perceives real problems about the integration of Muslims in our society , ” Golder said .
The committee ’s campaign used posters showing a Swiss flag pierced by black , missile - like minarets , and a woman in a full - body Islamic covering .
The campaign fanned criticism that it would damage Switzerland ’s international image and harm religious tolerance .
Initiative sponsors said they wanted to prevent Islamic extremism from seeping across the borders from other European countries with large Muslim populations .
“ When you look at the European Union , where are there extremists ? ” asked Schluer .
“ In the suburbs and ghetto banlieues of Paris and London . . . .
We do n’t want that in Switzerland . ”
Advertisement
He said Muslims were welcome in Switzerland but must assimilate into Swiss society .
In a statement , the Swiss Federal Council , a seven - member executive body , said it respected the decision of voters .
“ Consequently , the construction of new minarets in Switzerland is no longer permitted , ” it said , adding that the four existing minarets would be allowed to stand and that there was no prohibition on the construction of new mosques .
The ban will face legal challenges .
Manon Schick , Amnesty International representative in Geneva , said banning minarets violates international law and guarantees of religious freedom .
Advertisement
Youssef Ibram , the head of a large mosque in Geneva , said he was stunned by the vote .
“ I interpret this vote as the Swiss way of saying that the presence of Muslims here poses a major question , ” he said .
Ibram ’s mosque , which holds about 3,000 people during an average Friday prayer ceremony , was vandalized for the first time in more than 30 years as Sunday ’s vote approached .
He said pink paint was splashed on the building facade , rocks were thrown at its entrance , and in a drive - by incident a fake Muslim call to prayer was recited over a loud - speaker .
Advertisement
Lauter is a special correspondent .
Preeti Sharma , a 36 - year - old information technology manager in Princeton , N.J. , signed up for Experian ’s monitoring service when she and her husband were seeking a mortgage and worried about surprises that could increase their interest rate .
“ It brings in another angle that you do n’t think about on a daily basis , ” she said .
Some , including Ms. Sharma , stick with the service afterward .
“ Consumers just have an insatiable appetite to know what other people know about them , “ said Don Robert , Experian ’s chief executive .
But many customers who sign up for credit monitoring quickly drop it .
Michael Schwartz , 63 , a retiree in Little Silver , N.J. , canceled his Experian subscription after he realized he was paying a charge for a tool he did n’t need .
With his house and cars paid off , and his children no longer in school , “ it ’s not really going to be critical to check credit on a monthly basis , ” he added .
Experian declined to provide turnover figures , but it said the average enrollment of a monitoring subscriber was under a year .
That is one reason its growing library of commercials is critical to replenishing its subscriber base and revenue , especially among the younger demographic profiled in the ads .
Philip Neustrom , a 25 - year - old software engineer in San Francisco , canceled the Experian service after paying six months of $ 14.95 monthly fees and never using the monitoring .
“ I knew they had roped me into this thing after I started getting these e-mails , ” he said .
It took him a while to get around to canceling , he added , because he was busy and “ there are only so many things you can do in a day . ”
John Ulzheimer , who spent 13 years working for two rivals , said companies like Experian counted on consumers behaving this way .
“ It says it ’s free in the song , but if you do n’t cancel , then you start getting hit with a very nominal fee , ” he said .
“ Consumers are busy , and studies have shown that they do n’t do a very good job scouring their credit card statements .
And they ’ll generally discount a charge that is very low . ”
‘ A Big Moneymaker ’
All of this has been good for Experian .
At a time when many other financial services firms were struggling , revenue in its consumer credit business grew 20 percent in North America during the 12 months ended March 31 .
Experian said sales grew about 10 percent in the six months that ended Sept. 30 compared with the same period last year .
of the University of Pennsylvania can has cortex ?
An intensive summer institute for non-neuroscientists seeking a better understanding of the science behind the proliferation of new “ neurofields ” including neuroethics .
)
control condition ) in
( a)
( b)
Our results were hypothesis driven so comparisons were only tested for the major structures of the frontal , temporal , and parietal lobes , as well as the amygdala , hippocampus , striatum , and thalamus , and thus a correction for multiple comparisons was not performed .
Of all places , the FaithWorld blog at Reuters has some excellent coverage of the ongoing Penn Neuroscience Boot Camp
The post begins with " god spot ?
no there 's not " researcher Dr. Andrew Newberg , who has done neuroimaing studies of glossolalia ( or speaking in tongues ) and meditative prayer
The figure above illustrates the singing state ( and the glossolalia state in .
The authors say there is decreased regional cerebral blood flow ( rCBF ) bilaterally in the frontal lobes and unilaterally in the left caudate during glossolalia , so we 'll just have to take their word for it .
BUT :
[ I do n't think that having a hypothesis exonerates one from correcting for multiple comparisons . ]
So should we be skeptical of these pretty pictures ?
Yes !
The press routinely portrays fMRI as capable of mind reading , for example , and lie detection .
However , Aguirre ( an expert in fMRI methodology ) says this is “ science fiction , science fantasy . ”
What are his reasons for skepticism ?
FaithWorld outlines them in Beware brain scientists bearing gifts ( gee- whiz journalists too… ) :
scientific awesomeness —
“ This is an incredible technology .
Neuroimaging is not phrenology .
It really is a scientific discipline that has reproducible results that makes valuable predictions that explain larges areas of cognition and cognitive neuroscience that previously had been inaccessible . ”
— “ This is an incredible technology .
Neuroimaging is not phrenology .
It really is a scientific discipline that has reproducible results that makes valuable predictions that explain larges areas of cognition and cognitive neuroscience that previously had been inaccessible . ” image properties —
“ There ’s definitely an esthetic in the presentation of this data .
People see this as a natural aspect of the brain , not the result of tests .
Some groups made a very wise investment in the display technology for how neuroimaging results were reported .
Those were the images that got displayed on the covers of the top scientific journals and made a splash . ”
— “ There ’s definitely an esthetic in the presentation of this data .
People see this as a natural aspect of the brain , not the result of tests .
Some groups made a very wise investment in the display technology for how neuroimaging results were reported .
Those were the images that got displayed on the covers of the top scientific journals and made a splash . ” thresholding —
The brain images leave out data outside the main focus .
“ This contributes to the overly localised view of brain function .
So we say , ‘ah this is the spot for love ’ or whatever , because it ’s all that we see . ”
— The brain images leave out data outside the main focus .
“ This contributes to the overly localised view of brain function .
So we say , ‘ah this is the spot for love ’ or whatever , because it ’s all that we see . ” overinference —
“ It ’s very easy to believe a lot of things about these images that might not be true …
It ’s also implied that when you ’ve found activisation in a region , you ’ve found the region ‘ for ’ something .
But what does that mean ? ”
— “ It ’s very easy to believe a lot of things about these images that might not be true …
It ’s also implied that when you ’ve found activisation in a region , you ’ve found the region ‘ for ’ something .
But what does that mean ? ” chicken versus egg problem —
“ Just because you find a difference between groups in some brain imaging measure does not mean that structural difference was genetically determined . ”
But the brain also develops according to its owner ’s environment and experience , so this is too narrow a focus .
— “ Just because you find a difference between groups in some brain imaging measure does not mean that structural difference was genetically determined . ”
But the brain also develops according to its owner ’s environment and experience , so this is too narrow a focus .
lurking Cartesian dualism —
“ In the way we think about people ’s actions and describe the effect of diseases or drugs , there is frequently a lurking dualism there .
We say , ‘oh it was n’t his fault , his brain did that . ’
Well , who else could it have been ?
Where else could those thoughts and feeling or plans have come from , except in the brain ?
This idea that the brain and the mind are separate is part of what makes these images so remarkable .
Wow look !
Here ’s a part of the brain that ’s more active when you ’re feeling romantic love or not !
That ’s just astounding to folks who would have thought romantic love was outside the brain , in the heart or the soul and far away . ”
Cartesian dualism —
“ In the way we think about people ’s actions and describe the effect of diseases or drugs , there is frequently a lurking dualism there .
We say , ‘oh it was n’t his fault , his brain did that . ’
Well , who else could it have been ?
Where else could those thoughts and feeling or plans have come from , except in the brain ?
This idea that the brain and the mind are separate is part of what makes these images so remarkable .
Wow look !
Here ’s a part of the brain that ’s more active when you ’re feeling romantic love or not !
That ’s just astounding to folks who would have thought romantic love was outside the brain , in the heart or the soul and far away . ” illusion of inferential proximity —
“ It does n’t automatically follow that a brain imaging technology is going to give you greater inferential leverage on a question than just talking to somebody .
There ’s an illusion that somehow you ’re getting much closer to the behavior you want to measure , just because you ’re measuring a brain image .
That might not be the case . ”
— “ It does n’t automatically follow that a brain imaging technology is going to give you greater inferential leverage on a question than just talking to somebody .
There ’s an illusion that somehow you ’re getting much closer to the behavior you want to measure , just because you ’re measuring a brain image .
That might not be the case . ” ease of imaging —
Many hospitals have brain scanners and researchers can use them and free imaging software to create impressive images .
“ If you have an internet connection and a scanner , you can be a cognitive neuroscientist and publish a paper .
Lots of the variance in the lousy scientific papers over these years can be explained this way .
What will come out will be a well - formed brain image that will give the impression you must be a very good scientist because you created something that looks very polished . ”
References
Psychiatry Res .
Psychiatry Research : Neuroimaging
J Cog Neurosci .
Mit Blick auf eine mögliche Anhebung der Hartz - IV - Regelsätze für Kinder warnen Wirtschaftsexperten vor negativen Folgen für den Arbeitsmarkt und die öffentlichen Kassen .
„ Höhere Hartz - IV - Sätze für Kinder könnten dazu führen , dass sich Arbeit für einige Familien vergleichsweise weniger lohnt “ , sagte der Arbeitsmarktexperte des Instituts der deutschen Wirtschaft ( IW ) , Holger Schäfer , der „ Bild “ - Zeitung ( Mittwochsausgabe ) .
Der ein oder andere würde dann seinen Job aufgeben , „ weil für ihn die Stütze ausreichend “ sei .
Das führe wiederum zu höheren Kosten für die öffentliche Hand .
Die Zeitung wies auf Berechnungen des Bundes der Steuerzahler ( BdSt ) hin , wonach das verfügbare Einkommen vieler Arbeitnehmerfamilien teilweise nur wenige hundert Euro über den Bezügen von Langzeitarbeitslosen liegt .
So komme etwa ein verheirateter Vater von drei Kindern und einem monatlichen Bruttoeinkommen von 2500 Euro unterm Strich auf 2368,04 Euro .
Das seien 264 Euro mehr , als eine vergleichbare Hartz - IV - Familie bekomme .
BdSt - Hauptgeschäftsführer Reiner Holznagel kritisierte die geringen Einkommensunterschiede zwischen Arbeitnehmerfamilien und Beziehern von Hartz IV und forderte die neue Bundesregierung zu Steuersenkungen auf .
„ Wer hart arbeitet , muss künftig spürbar bessergestellt werden “ , sagte er der „ Bild “ .
Das Bundesverfassungsgericht prüft derzeit Berechnungsgrundlage und Höhe der Hartz - IV - Leistungen .
Dabei soll ein „ menschenwürdiges Existenzminimum “ der Maßstab sein .
Der Hartz - IV - Regelsatz für alleinstehende Erwachsene beträgt derzeit 359 Euro .
Kinder bis sechs Jahre bekommen 215 Euro , danach 251 Euro und ab dem 14 .
Geburtstag 287 Euro im Monat .
Thanks to everybody who downloaded " Silent Night " , I hope you had a Merry Christmas !
There were nearly 5000 downloads on Christmas Day alone , which is pretty amazing .
Especially when given that over 90 percent of them were in China .
I had no idea they were so crazy about Jesus over there !
Awesome !
JESUS ROCKS !
Free MP3s are back but please download responsibly , or else I pull the got dang plug , see ?
Yeah , see .
Nothin 's free , see .
I 'm thinking of offering a one dollar full res download ( 24 bit AIFF file at 2116 kbps ) , hit me up at info at market - v dot com if you 're interested .
Likewise with any of my tracks .
But look for the full album " Jazz is much too crazy " due out in 2010 on the Hammertone Music Industries label .
Thanks !
D .
,
Sometimes a little simplification to your routine is all you need .
Focus on mono - tasking .
Multi-tasking just is n’t what it ’s been cracked up to be .
Less is sometimes more .
Do the opposite of others .
Instead of trying to do it all , do one or two things , and do it well .
Not only will it simplify the amount of work and tasks you have to get done , it will provide a good razor sharp focus on what you ’ve zeroed in on as being “ the most important thing ” .
If someone is trying to be the best parent at the school , and the best baker on the block , and the best mom who throws the best parties for her kids , she will end up overwhelmed and delivering a mediocre performance , as her efforts and energies have been exhausted by doing too much .
One project at a time .
One commitment at a time .
Clear your plate of all distractions
Twitter ?
Off. Email ?
Shut it down .
Facebook ?
Finito .
By clearing all other distractions out of the way , and saying : for the next half hour I am going to finish this report , you will get it done .
Then for the second half of the hour , you can goof off .
Instead of using one full hour to get a simple report done because you ’re so distracted , you finish your work earlier , did it well and you even have a whole half hour left to do whatever you ’d like .
More than 3 choices is too much
My magic number is three , for choices .
Got lots of ideas floating in your head ?
Want to do them all ?
Well , write them down on paper , and start crossing them off the page until you have 3 of the best choices left .
Choose one from those three .
Have 15 choices of ice cream flavours you ’d like and always end up holding up the line because you ca n’t decide ?
Choose 3 , and then pick one from the three .
Or in this case , take all three .
By narrowing down your choices through your Magic - 3 filter , you will be able to focus on what is most important factor to determine your choice for the task at hand .
Do n’t get fancy
The simplest way to simplify ( what a mouthful ) , is to stick to the basics .
Use a basic packaged - with - your - operating - system text editor instead of a special whiz - it whoz - it program you ’ve downloaded and set up on your computer .
The simpler , the better .
How about just moving to a pen and pad of paper ?
I always have one beside me for quick ideas or “ Must Do Now ” .
I cross off the items as I accomplish them during the day , and can still see what I have left to do .
Do a little bit each day
Sometimes I lack total motivation to do anything .
I know it ’s a big project .
I know it needs to get done .
I do n’t do it .
But to gain momentum , I force myself to do a little bit each day .
I focus on one section of the project , tackle it like a wrestler and get it done .
Then the next day , I do another section of the project and finish it .
At the end of the week , I ’ve done the whole thing , and now I just need to edit or proofread .
The same goes for writing posts .
One at a time .
Small steps for big results in the end .
There ’s no need to rush into bigger , badder and bolder things
On very rare occasions , I will even get so excited about the project , I do n’t even stop , because I ’ve generated such a large amount of enthusiasm and adrenaline that I can’t help but finish the entire project at once .
Then , I just take the entire week that I ’ve allotted to the project , off as a little reward “ me ” time .
I ’ve already allotted the time to the project , and if I ’ve finished early , why not enjoy the time off ?
We do n’t always need to cram things into our day to feel good about being productive .
Sure , you ’re over productive , but to who ’s detriment ?
Yours , of course .
Productivity can always be enhanced with laziness and a bit of downtime .
I read somewhere that North Americans now produce and work twice as much as they did in the past , but now feel as though we have half the free time than before .
If we ’re constantly running at full speed , we ’re going to smash into a wall and burn out .
Slow down a little .
Take a walk .
Eat a pumpkin flavoured cream cheese - filled Starbucks muffin .
Simplify your life by allowing yourself to unwind .
Editor 's Note :
This article was adapted from Mind Matters , www.ScientificAmerican.com/MindMatters, a column edited by Gareth Cook , a Pulitzer Prize–winning journalist at the Boston Globe , and Jonah Lehrer , the science writer behind the blog The Frontal Cortex , http://scienceblogs.com/­cortex
WASHINGTON --
The Supreme Court wo n't hear an appeal from a group of Native Americans who think the name of the NFL's Washington Redskins football team is offensive .
The high court on Monday turned away an appeal from Suzan Shown Harjo .
That ends the latest round in the 17 - year court battle between the Redskins and a group of American Indians who want them to change their name .
Harjo and her fellow plaintiffs have been working since 1992 to have the Redskins trademarks declared invalid .
They initially won -- the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office panel canceled the trademarks in 1999 .
But U.S. District Judge Colleen Kollar - Kotelly overturned the ruling in 2003 in part because the suit was filed decades after the first Redskins trademark was issued in 1967 .
The U.S. Court of Appeals then sent the case back to Kollar - Kotelly , noting that the youngest of the plaintiffs was only 1 year old in 1967 and therefore could not have taken legal action at the time .
But Kollar - Kotelly rejected that argument , saying the youngest plaintiff turned 18 in 1984 and therefore " waited almost eight years " after coming of age to join the lawsuit .
The Court of Appeals upheld that decision in May , and the Supreme Court now has refused to review that decision .
This does n't end the legal battle , however .
The plaintiffs have a backup plan :
A group of six American Indians ranging in age from 18 to 24 filed essentially the same claim two years ago , but the new case has been on hold until this one was resolved .
None of the judges has commented on whether the Redskins name is offensive or racist , instead holding in favor of the football team on legal technicalities .
The case is Harjo v. Pro-Football , Inc. , 09 -326 .
National Equality March
I apologize for the quality , which took a significant nosedive when I uploaded the video to YouTube .
At least it is still watchable .
You know you 've made an MMO character that was not the same sex as your own .
Do n't lie .
Boy playing as a girl ?
It 's fine , right ?
Not in China .
I do n't know .
Maybe someone got burned by some online - to - offline experience .
For some reason , Chinese MMO King of the World has a new Gender Identity System that checks your face , via webcam , to see if you 're a guy or a gal .
I guess they do n't want any Queens of the World , if you catch my drift .
They do not want boys playing as girls , straight up .
Try to pull a fast one and play as a girl and you 'll be banned .
MMOsite says that the company , Aurora Technology , feels that using real gender can make female players feel respected .
I would almost bet that some exec there found out the hard way and instituted the rule .
This is the header image I wanted to use .
Nick would not let me .
November 12 , 2009
The crimes of Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling ought to be front page news , but you wo n't read about them in the sports section or the news section .
MANY COLUMNISTS throughout the sports world were aghast when the volcanic bigot Rush Limbaugh wanted to be part owner of the St. Louis Rams .
Many columnists also praised National Basketball Association Commissioner David Stern when he attempted to crack down on players ' conduct .
Yet there has been barely a sound as an owner has been exposed as having a racist business practice , with conduct unbecoming of the NBA .
It 's a story that should be leading the sports page and the politics page .
Instead , it 's being buried .
Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling just had to pay out , according to the Justice Department , the largest settlement ever obtained by the government in a housing discrimination case involving apartment rentals : $ 2.73 million .
Sterling has never been the most popular owner among fans or players .
Having the most inept franchise in sports will do that .
But in this case , his crimes extend far beyond the inability to field a decent team .
The billionaire who made his money by owning 119 rental properties was accused of racial discrimination in renting them .
The suit lays out that Sterling would n't rent to non-Koreans in Koreatown or to African Americans looking for property in plush Beverly Hills .
Court testimony claimed that Sterling had said he did not like to rent to Hispanics because " Hispanics smoke , drink and just hang around the building . "
Witnesses testified that he also said , " Black tenants smell and attract vermin . "
Sterling presents himself as the tony developer of high - end properties in the Hollywood Hills , but he plays it much closer to the street .
He has a healthy legal paper trail , which creates a collage portrait of someone very good at extorting rents from the very poor .
In 1986 , the spiking of rents in his Beverly Hills properties -- the so - called slums of Beverly Hills - - led to a march on City Hall .
In 2001 , as reported by LA Weekly , Sterling was sued successfully by the City of Santa Monica on charges that he harassed and threatened to evict eight tenants living in three rent - controlled buildings .
Their unholy offense that drew his ire was having potted plants on balconies .
Talk about hands - on .
How many billionaires drive around their low - income housing properties to look for violations ?
TWO YEARS later , Sterling was effectively able to evict a tenant for allegedly tearing down notices in a building 's elevator .
In 2004 , Sterling led a brigade of other landlords to smash Santa Monica 's ultra-strict Tenant Harassment Ordinance .
The ordinance stated that issuing repeated eviction threats to tenants was a form of harassment .
Sterling and his crew believed that they should be allowed to harass to their hearts ' content .
And , in 2005 , Sterling settled a housing - discrimination lawsuit filed by the Housing Rights Center , which represented more than a dozen of his tenants .
He paid nearly $ 5 million in legal fees for the plaintiffs -- a staggering amount -- along with a reportedly massive , but confidential , sum .
Not all the plaintiffs , though , lived to see their windfall .
LA Weekly quotes court documents that state that on July 12 , 2002 , " Kandynce Jones was under threat of eviction by [ Sterling ] even though she had never missed a rent payment .
Ms. Jones , who is a senior citizen and a person with a disability , suffered a stroke caused by the stress [ of Sterling 's ] housing practices .
On July 21 , 2003 , Ms. Jones passed away as a result of that stroke . "
Amid everything described above , there is a web of lawsuits and complaints leveled against Sterling that suggest he is willing to suffer endless financial penalty and legal embarrassment if it means he can have control -- always control - - over who gets to live in his properties .
As sports columnist Bomani Jones wrote :
That same man , who gives black men tens of millions of dollars every year , refuses to take a few thousand a month from folks who would like to crash in one of his buildings for a while ?
You gotta love racism , the only force in the world powerful enough to interfere with money - making .
Sterling may have been a joke , but nothing about this is funny .
In fact , it 's frightening and disturbing that classic racism like this might still be in play .
NBA Commissioner David Stern , always so PR - conscious when it comes to where players mingle , how players dress and whom players consort with after hours , has turned a blind eye to this disturbing pattern .
Now these chickens have returned to Stern 's back porch to roost .
The NFL 's union and players spoke out against Limbaugh .
The NBA 's should absolutely do the same .
But even that is not enough .
Owners are very fond of declaring " eminent domain " when they need to expel residents , bulldoze apartments and build stadiums .
NBA fans need to declare eminent domain on Sterling .
It was our game before it was ever his .
Every fan of conscience needs to get in touch with the commissioner 's office and say that Sterling has got to go .
First published at TheNation.com .
Sure , wireless n is great and everything , but if you told me I 'd be streaming media between 2 and 3 x faster through Microsoft 's new Xbox 360 Wireless Adapter ( 802.
11a/b/g/n ) than their old a /b/g version , I 'd never have believed you .
Advertisement
The Price
$ 100ish ( cheaper at retail )
The Verdict
If you upgrade to the new Xbox 360 Wireless Adapter from the old , 802.11g version , you wo n't notice any difference while gaming .
But media streaming over your home network will see a legitimate speed increase .
Advertisement
For a moment , let 's ignore Microsoft 's traditionally ridiculous price for their Xbox 360 Wi -Fi adapters .
Instead , let 's just focus on performance .
Upgrading from 802.11g networking to 802.11n has a few key advantages : range is longer , speeds are faster and , since 802.11n sits on the 5GHz band , you wo n't interfere as much with 2.4GHz frequencies used by 802.11g and basically everything else in existence .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
But there 's one big thing that stops 802.11n from being any better than 802.11g for gaming : latency .
Overall throughput may be faster on 802.11n ( the pipe is bigger ) , but latency is really no less present than on 802.11g ( it takes just as long for that first burst of water to come through ) .
So those quick gaming commands are n't faster on n , and my multiplayer testing ( Modern Warfare 2 and Borderlands ... it was a real chore ) confirmed it .
Then again , I did n't really notice any lag over my 802.11g adapter to begin with .
Media streaming , however , is where those big throughputs pay off .
Using Connect360 , I streamed HD episodes of Mad Men from my Mac to the Xbox .
I timed from the moment I hit play to to the first frame of video playback .
And the difference was noticeable .
Advertisement
Buffering occurred between 2 and 3 x faster , which was well beyond my expectations , despite how fast 802.11n is on a spec sheet .
Clips went from taking as many as 15 seconds to playing ( rounding up ) to actually breaking the 5 second barrier .
I 'd love to have tested 1080P streaming over Live as well , but my DSL is the bottleneck in that scenario .
Advertisement
Yes , the Xbox 360 Wireless Adapter is still profanely expensive .
No , if you have an older adapter ( or you 're just using some other solution ) , I would n't recommend the upgrade ( nor do I think Microsoft is even marketing it that way ) .
But it 's nice to see a tangible improvement all the same .
Advertisement
Streams intra network media between 2 and 3 x faster
Advertisement
Tiny formfactor still unique to the industry
Advertisement
No perceivable speed increases gaming
Advertisement
It 's $ 100 .
Advertisement
Costs half the price of a new 360
Advertisement
It 'll set you back a month of dinners at McDonalds
Advertisement
I do n't even want to think about what that is in White Castles
An Atlanta , Georgia area restaurant owner with a history of racially provocative behavior is attracting renewed attention with a sign outside his restaurant saying “ Obamas plan for healthcare : N****r rig it . ”
“ When you walk into the Georgia Peach Oyster Bar in Paulding County , you feel like you ’ve walked into a different era , ” CBS Atlanta reports .
“ Behind the pool table ’s a mannequin in a Ku Klux Klan costume . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
When the CBS reporter asked owner Patrick Lanzo why he ’d put the sign up , he insisted , “ I put all kinds of political signs up . … I ’ve used the N - word most of my life .
And there is different ways to put your opinion up , but that ’s just the words I choose to use . ”
The Urban Dictionary defines the phrase on Lanzo ’s sign as “ a term used to describe a temporary fix or quick fix for an object using any tools at hand .
Derived from the ingenuity of early African - Americans who did not have the means to fix every day objects and had to come up with these temporary fixes . ”
Lanzo told the CBS reporter that he was only trying to criticize current health care reform plans and denied being a racist .
He pointed to the pictures of Martin Luther King and Nelson Mandela on the walls of his restaurant and even pulled out a 2005 NAACP membership card .
This is far from the first time , however , that Lanzo has been at the center of racial controversy .
In August 2005 , a local reporter went into his restaurant to ask about a sign saying , “ Is Michael Jackson not guilty because he is a n****r or money ? ” and found that “ pictures of Civil Rights leaders — Frederick Douglass , MLK , Malcolm X , Nelson Mandela — jostle for wall space with drawings of Ku Klux Klan rallies and racist caricatures from a century ago . ”
“ The centerpiece , presiding over the bar , is a portrait of Jesse Jackson , and it takes a minute to realize the reason , ” the report continues .
“ Next to the painting is a cartoon of a black boy with a certain body part caught in a fence hole .
‘ Yep , old Jesse got his pecker caught , too , did n’t he ? ’ boomed Lanzo . …
He proudly displays the bar ’s menu , emblazoned on the front with a drawing of a Klansman in a hammock .
The hammock is formed by two lynched black men whose feet are roped together . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Lanzo has also played host to both neo -Nazi and Klan rallies .
According to one poster at a left - wing message board , “ Pat Lanzo started making his location avaiable for Klan Rallys in the early to mid nineties as an act of revenge for being denied the license to turn his business into a strip joint . ”
The full CBS Atlanta story is available here .
This video is from CBS Atlanta , broadcast Oct. 9 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
Google Voice , the popular calling suite provided by Google , which is at the heart of current controversy with Apple and the iTunes application store , is under new fire .
The Congress of the United States has asked for a probe of Google Voice by the FCC over possible problems stemming from exclusion of calling certain remote rural areas .
This is the exactly what Google was trying to avoid , being painted cleanly as the bad guy .
Apple , conversely , can now point out another flaw of Google Voice to give them perhaps a firmer platform to stand on against the acceptance of Voice into the App store .
Of course , the calling for a probe is hardly immediate cause for concern for Google .
The US government has asked an arm of its legal division to run a probe .
Even if the FCC decides to take up this request , it would be months before any decisions were made .
Google is making the case , that while telephone companies are forbidden from blocking any calls , they are hardly a telephone company , and are thus free from the regulation .
This will evolve into a purely political issue .
The actual discussion over whether Google Voice has to make all calls , or can restrict them is nearly a non-starter .
Google can make that change in a day , and the supposed cost burden would be born from product revenues .
However , this is an important change in the winds in regards to the Apple v. Google legal strife .
Google now appears as a stingy giant , which is hard sell when they are trying to paint Apple as just that .
Read next : Spotify making a € 5.5 Million Loss Each Month ?
The report shows that what lies at the heart of the Catholic Church in Ireland is a profound and widespread corruption , perpetrated by liars , child sex abusers and those at the very top who covered up their crimes , writes MARY RAFTERY
THERE IS one searing , indelible image to be found in the pages of the Dublin diocesan report on clerical child abuse .
It is of Fr Noel Reynolds , who admitted sexually abusing dozens of children , towering over a small girl as he brutally inserts an object into her vagina and then her back passage .
That object is his crucifix .
The report details how this man was left as parish priest of Glendalough ( and in charge of the local primary school ) for almost three years after parents had complained about him to former archbishop of Dublin Desmond Connell during the 1990s .
In 1997 , he was finally moved and appointed as chaplain to the National Rehabilitation Hospital in Dún Laoghaire .
The report helpfully informs us that there were 94 children aged 18 or under as inpatients here .
The hospital authorities were told nothing of Reynolds ’s past or of suspicions that he was a child abuser .
This kind of callous disregard for the safety of children is found over and over again in the report .
Bishops lied , cheated and covered up , almost as a matter of course , in a display of relentless cynicism spanning decades .
Children were blithely sacrificed to protect priests , the institution and its assets .
It is , consequently , difficult to avoid the conclusion that what lies at the heart of the Catholic Church ( at least in Ireland ) is a profound and widespread corruption .
The Dublin report divides the bulk of its analysis into chapters devoted to individual priest abusers .
But reading through the stomach - churning details of their crimes , another parallel reality appears .
Behind almost each one of these paedophiles was at least one bishop ( often more ) who knew of the abuse , but failed to protect children .
Some of them , Pontius Pilate - like , washed their hands , merely reporting it up the line .
Others actively protected the criminals in their midst by destroying files and withholding information .
Their handling of complaints is variously described as “ particularly bad ” , “ disastrous ” and “ catastrophic ” .
Dermot Ryan stands out as the most callous of the Dublin archbishops .
He failed properly to investigate complaints against at least six of the worst offending priests .
Kevin MacNamara was little better , but his tenure was considerably briefer , limiting some of the damage he did .
John Charles McQuaid is severely criticised in one case , but it was not within the commission ’s remit to examine his reign in any significant detail .
His response to the pornographic photos of two children taken by one of his priests is a damning indictment of the impact of priestly celibacy .
He viewed the criminal act as an expression of “ wonderment ” by the priest at the nature of the female body .
And what of Desmond Connell , perhaps the most reviled of them all ?
A complex picture emerges of a man unsuited to the task facing him , attempting to deal with the enormous scale of abuse in the archdiocese , and ultimately failing .
While he did , for instance , engage with the civil authorities , unlike his predecessors , he , nonetheless , continued to maintain secrecy over much of what the diocese knew of their child - abusing priests .
As for the many Dublin auxiliary bishops , two stand out as being particularly awful .
There is arguably enough evidence in this report to send bishops James Kavanagh ( now deceased ) and Donal O’Mahony ( retired ) to prison for failing to report crimes .
Or at least , there would be if there existed such an offence .
Incredibly , there is none .
We certainly used to have one ; called misprision of felony , it was conveniently dropped from the statute books in 1998 when the felony laws changed .
The effect was that no priest , bishop , or indeed lay person , could be charged with failing to report criminal activity of which they were aware .
What a sigh of relief the bishops of Ireland must have breathed .
The report describes Bishop O’Mahony ’s involvement in the cases of 13 priests from its sample of 46 under investigation .
It mentions that he was aware of allegations against several more .
His cover - up over his 21 years in office was extensive .
Bishop Kavanagh directly attempted to pervert the course of justice by seeking to influence one Garda investigation and by convincing a family to drop a complaint against another priest .
He appears at various stages in a number of other cases , always failing to act to protect children .
Bishop Donal Murray of Limerick is also indicted as having handled a number of complaints badly .
He will have very serious questions to answer over the coming days .
Recently retired bishop of Ossory Laurence Forristal equally stands condemned , which is all the more egregious as he was in charge of the archdiocese ’s efforts during the 1990s to respond to the crisis and draw up child protection guidelines .
Bishops James Moriarty of Kildare and Leighlin , retired Bishop Brendan Comiskey and Auxiliary Bishop of Dublin Eamon Walsh also all knew of complaints of abuse at various stages .
A week before the broadcast in 2002 of RTÉ television ’s Prime Time Cardinal Secrets ( which led to the establishment of the Dublin commission ) , Cardinal Connell engaged in a pre-emptive strike .
He had refused to appear on the programme .
He chose instead to circulate each of his 200 parishes with a letter read out at every Mass that Sunday .
In it , he apologised for the failures of the past , but blamed them on a lack of understanding within the church of paedophilia .
The commission is categorical in its refusal to accept this plea of ignorance as an excuse .
It refers bluntly to the inconsistency between such claims and the decision in 1986 to take out an insurance policy to protect church assets from abuse victims .
At that time , we are told that the archdiocese knew of allegations of child sex abuse against 20 of its priests .
The report further notes the documented history of the church ’s detailed awareness of paedophilia as both crime and sin spanning the past 2,000 years .
The first reference dates from AD 153 .
Finally , the report refers to the fact that archbishop Ryan displayed as early as 1981 a complete understanding of both the recidivist nature of paedophilia and of the devastating damage it caused to child victims .
There had been a consistent denial from church authorities that anyone knew anything about either of these key factors until very recently .
Perhaps most damning of all is the report ’s findings as to the general body of priests in Dublin .
While it gives credit to a small few who courageously pursued complaints , it adds that “ the vast majority simply chose to turn a blind eye ” .
What emerges most clearly from the report is that priests , bishops , archbishops and cardinals had the greatest difficulty in telling right from wrong , and crucially that their determination of what constituted wrongdoing was vastly different from that of the population at large .
This fact is worthy of reflection on the part of all those who remain connected to the church through its continuing and often central involvement in the provision of services such as education and health throughout the country .
In 2003 , ex-governor of Oklahoma Frank Keating drew parallels between the behaviour of some US Catholic bishops and the Cosa Nostra .
It drew a storm of protest , and he resigned from his position as chairman of the church - appointed oversight committee on child abuse .
However , it is not too far - fetched a comparison to the Irish church in the light of the three investigations into its behaviour we have had to date .
The organised , premeditated pattern of secrecy and concealment of crime is worthy of the world ’s most notorious criminal fraternity .
Mary Raftery is a freelance journalist who , with reporter Mick Peelo , produced and directed the documentary Cardinal Secrets
“ Booklet issued by the United States Department of Defense in 1961 regarding what to know and do about a nuclear attack .
Full of wonderful two color illustrations and iconography . ”
Content provided by Jesse Southerland .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - AIG Chief Executive Robert Benmosche has moved to assure employees that recently appointed U.S. pay czar Kenneth Feinberg will not attempt to claw back compensation .
The CEO of American International Group Inc Robert Benmosche speaks during an interview with Reuters in the garden of his Adriatic seafront villa in Dubrovnik , Croatia , August 26 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Nikola Solic
“ It is important that all of you know that the Special Master ’s jurisdiction is quite limited , and we expect Feinberg ’s upcoming decisions on compensation to cover only the top 25 employees at AIG , ” Benmosche said in an internal memo distributed around the company late on Wednesday .
The memo , a copy of which was obtained by Reuters , said the company was in “ direct , near - daily discussions ” with Feinberg , who has told AIG he will not seek retroactive salary adjustments .
The Obama administration appointed Feinberg in June to scrutinize the pay practices of the seven auto and financial companies that received the most federal aid .
Sources said on Wednesday that Feinberg was aiming to slash pay for each of those bailed - out companies ’ top 25 earners by half , and seek other concessions to ensure that salary levels were kept in check .
Benmosche sent the memo to AIG employees within hours of the reports .
The company employs about 116,000 people around the world .
In the months since its bailout , AIG has become a lightning rod for public anger as it agreed to stick to million - dollar bonus agreements for employees , including nearly $ 500 million for those working within AIG Financial Products , the unit at the center of its financial meltdown .
Benmosche , who became AIG ’s chief executive officer this summer , has railed against criticism leveled at his employees and efforts to regulate pay .
“ You still need to pay people competitively , ” he told Reuters in August .
Federal officials have approved AIG ’s plan to pay Benmosche an annual salary of $ 3 million in cash and $ 4 million in fully vested stock .
He also could receive a bonus valued as high as $ 3.5 million .
He has called his pay package “ the bottom end of a competitive range . ”
His predecessor , Edward Liddy , agreed to work for $ 1 a year .
AIG declined to comment and did not answer questions about whether new regulations would affect Benmosche ’s own pay .
Feinberg ’s powers are limited to contracts signed since February .
AIG , once the world ’s largest insurer , got a $ 180 billion bailout in September 2008 .
The assistance included more than $ 80 billion in taxpayer loans to shore up a cash shortage after bets AIG took on the U.S. residential market soured in value , leaving the insurer short of funds to meet collateral calls .
SILVER SPRING , Md. -- Paul Joegriner has n't worked since March 2008 , when he was laid off from his $ 200,000 - a- year job as chief executive officer of a small bank .
But you would n't know it by appearances .
His wife , Marzena , shuttles their two young children to private school every morning .
The family recently vacationed in Virginia Beach , Va. , and likes to dine on Porterhouse steaks .
Since losing his job , Mr. Joegriner , 44 years old , has had several offers .
He 's turned each down in hopes of landing a position comparable to what he held before .
When Severance Falls Short More photos and interactive graphics
The family 's lifestyle over the past year and a half has been propped up by a $ 200,000 severance package and another $ 100,000 in savings -- funds the family has burned through rapidly .
By Mr. Joegriner 's own calculations , the family will be out of money in six months if he does n't find work .
" It will be D - Day , " he says .
" But on the outside , no one has any idea that we 're in trouble . "
Mr. Joegriner is a member of what might be called the severance economy -- unemployed Americans who use severance pay and savings to maintain their lifestyles .
Many lost their jobs in 2007 and 2008 , and thought they 'd soon find work .
Now , they 're getting desperate .
Last week , lawmakers passed a bill extending unemployment benefits up to 20 weeks .
Unemployment benefits , which typically last about 26 weeks , were expected to run out for 1.3 million people by the end of the year , according to the National Employment Law Project .
The News Hub panel discusses the newest hurdle the unemployed and laid off are facing : what to do when severance and savings money runs out .
All of this is happening as the long - term jobless rate hits its highest point on record .
More than a third of those who are out of work have been looking for more than six months , making this category of unemployed the biggest since the Bureau of Labor Statistics began tracking it in 1948 .
Overall , companies have been eliminating or trimming severance packages .
For those who do receive severance , the median pay allotted is 12.5 weeks ' salary , down from 21.8 weeks a decade ago , according to outplacement firm Challenger , Gray & Christmas .
But this downturn has brought heavy layoffs to the financial and auto industries , two places where generous exit packages remain more common .
The dramatic changes in such sectors mean that many of the eliminated jobs will never come back .
Some workers may suffer a permanent hit to their standard of living .
Those affected often have trouble accepting their diminished prospects .
Hefty severance packages , while intended as a safety net , can lull the unemployed into a false sense of security .
Some people continue spending as before .
" There is an end date when that severance is going to run out , " says Ellen Turf , chief executive of the National Association of Personal Financial Advisors .
" At that point , the only life preserver is unemployment or getting another job .... It 's an awful situation . "
When Michelle Patterson was laid off as an executive director of marketing for a publishing company in January , she figured she could subsist comfortably , at least for a while , on the $ 20,000 she had reserved from her savings and severance combined .
She continued to eat out regularly and made daily Starbucks runs .
" It made me feel like I was still at work , " says the 41 - year - old resident of Newark , N.J .
She spent as much as $ 250 a week on networking meals and drinks with contacts .
Some days , she scheduled up to four coffee meetings a day , picking up the tab most of the time .
She also spent $ 30 a month for pedicures and $ 150 on her hair .
The reckoning came in August , when she examined her finances .
Her condo had been on the market for six months but she 'd yet to receive a single offer .
Her severance and savings were nearly gone .
She finally cut her spending .
She does n't dine out anymore .
Gone are the fancy salon visits ; Ms. Patterson sips Starbucks just once a week .
She downgraded her cable TV to basic channels , saving $ 8 a month .
Ms. Patterson sometimes wishes she had cut her spending earlier .
But the money spent networking and socializing , she says , has " helped [ me ] keep sane . "
Like many of the long - term unemployed , she surfs sites like Monster.com and is a " serial résumé sender " -- emailing at least 10 résumés a day .
Still , " I keep running into dead ends , " she says .
Coming to terms with the new job math has n't been easy .
Ms. Patterson 's old salary was $ 140,000 a year .
Now she is targeting jobs paying about half that .
She recently turned down a per-diem arrangement earning $ 250 a week , or a mere $ 13,000 a year , selling education software .
After working for more than a decade in New York ad shops , Chuck Hipsher moved to Detroit in 2005 .
He took a position at the Campbell - Ewald agency , where he helped launch the Chevrolet Silverado campaign .
Raised riding in the back of his grandfather 's Chevy pickup in Iowa , Mr. Hipsher , 50 , says he was " elated " at the opportunity .
He met his wife at the ad agency , and the two had a $ 40,000 wedding .
Kelly Hipsher , 32 , was laid off in October 2007 and found out she was pregnant in February 2008 .
A week later , Mr. Hipsher 's pink slip followed .
Two months after that , the out - of - work couple moved to Greenville , S.C. , to be closer to family and get a fresh start .
Together , they had received about $ 60,000 in severance .
" Now we have $ 600 to our name , " says Mr. Hipsher .
Although their rent was cheaper , Mr. Hipsher says the family continued to spend like before .
They moved with three cars -- two BMWs and a Chevy Silverado .
They continued to buy cases of $ 36 - a- bottle wine .
They spent $ 250 a month on a cleaning lady , and Mr. Hipsher dropped $ 50 a week on flowers for his wife .
The couple still dined out regularly .
" We were stupid , " he says .
" You become accustomed to a certain lifestyle .
When your world changes and things dictate that you change , you 're pretty stubborn to give things up . "
He sold the BMWs and voluntarily turned in his beloved Silverado to avoid the repo man .
" It was heartbreaking , " he says .
He replaced the fancy wheels with a Chrysler minivan .
Before the layoffs , the Hipshers had no debt .
Today , they owe about $ 70,000 -- including money borrowed from family members and $ 31,000 in credit - card debt .
To hold off the collection companies that call daily , Mr. Hipsher says he is doing his best but is also considering filing for personal bankruptcy .
After a stint selling new and used BMWs on a lot in Greenville , Mr. Hipsher recently began consulting for free for a small marketing firm , " to stay busy . "
In September , a Web solutions company hired him as a marketing director .
Between salary and commission , he thought he could match half his old income .
But so far , he says he 's only received about $ 1,220 .
Tight for cash recently , he pawned his wife 's $ 12,000 wedding ring for a $ 2,000 loan .
He has until Dec. 28 to pay back the principal , plus $ 500 in interest -- or else he forfeits the ring .
Looking back , he kicks himself for failing to enforce financial discipline right after losing his job in Detroit .
" That precious nest egg is gone , " he says .
Mr. Joegriner began his career in banking more than 20 years ago , starting out as a part - time teller in Chevy Chase , Md. Even though he was still in college , his goal was to be a CEO .
He took night classes to enhance his knowledge of banking .
Mr. Joegriner says he never craved a lavish lifestyle .
When the first of their two children was born in 2000 , his wife left her $ 50,000 - year - job as a paralegal .
The family settled in Silver Spring rather than pricier communities nearby .
Instead of tailored suits for $ 1,000 , he bought off - the - rack styles for $ 300 .
Mr. Joegriner purchased a Mercedes five years ago , but at auction .
After losing his job , Mr. Joegriner expected to land on his feet within six months , he says .
In that time , he turned down three job offers to be a chief financial officer , either because he did n't like the salary or the description of duties , and thought he could do better .
One was nearby ; the others would have required the family to move out of state .
All paid somewhat less than he had previously earned .
While he says he 's " not a bean counter , " Mr. Joegriner now has mixed emotions about turning down the jobs .
He estimates he has sent out about 3,000 copies of his résumé thus far .
His severance package included the services of an outplacement firm , but he did n't find it helpful .
" Unemployed people networking with other unemployed people has little value , " he says .
After years of being a chief executive and hiring people , it 's been a tough adjustment .
Recently , he began shooting off his résumé for mid- and senior - level positions " just to try and land something . "
No replies .
Mr. Joegriner 's mornings now start with a coffee run to the nearby 7 - Eleven six days a week .
While pouring his regular brew and a cup to take home to his wife , he calculates that by recycling the cups , he receives a 32 - cent discount per $ 1.37 serving .
That 's a savings of $ 3.84 a week , he reckons -- even though this small " luxury " for the two of them still costs a total of about $ 655 a year .
Next , he typically spends a couple of hours doing home repairs .
Since his layoff , he 's installed a retaining wall , put under - cabinet lights in the kitchen and tiled a kitchen backsplash for a friend .
" It 's my Zen , " he says .
He 's holding off outfitting a bathroom sink with a marble countertop .
By late morning , he launches into job - hunt mode .
While trolling job Web sites , Mr. Joegriner toggles to a multicolored , multitabulated Excel spreadsheet that calculates the household budget , as well as the " burn rate " through the family 's dwindling savings .
Mr. Joegriner goes grocery shopping in the afternoon .
Armed with coupons collected in a shoebox above the fridge , he strides down the aisles , striking out items from his wife 's list with a black pen as he goes .
His brow furrows reading the fine print on a cereal coupon his wife handed him .
" It says $ 1.50 off cereal , " he says .
" But that 's only if you buy three .
So , really , it 's only 50 cents off . "
He pushes his grocery cart on a Friday afternoon through the full parking lot .
" Sometimes I look at all this and think , ' Are we the only ones struggling ? '
You look around and see all these cars , it 's like there 's no recession . "
Cutting expenses for their children , Ian and Skye , has been particularly tough , the couple says .
Piano lessons are no more and birthday parties are small and held at home .
Next year , private - school tuition , which costs $ 13,000 for the two children , will get the ax .
Mr. Joegriner does n't use the word " unemployed " in front of his children , ages 9 and 6 , preferring to say that he 's a consultant and that income is patchy .
Rough times have even moved him to contemplate seasonal employment this winter , " a stopgap job , " while he continues his executive job search .
" Maybe something at night stocking shelves , " he says .
" That way people would n't have to see me . "
Mrs. Joegriner recently began looking for work as a paralegal .
But finding an employer who can accommodate her schedule with the children , she says , has been difficult .
The Joegriner 's four - bedroom residence is currently worth less than their $ 460,000 mortgage , but they 're still making monthly payments of $ 2,400 .
The couple is also saddled with two former residences -- which they once considered investment properties .
While both are income - producing , low rents and declining real - estate values mean that they barely break even .
At this point , any sale would likely result in a loss .
Originally committed to staying in the Washington , D.C. , area , Mr. Joegriner expanded his search .
In September , the family flew to tiny Gillette , Wyo. , where Mr. Joegriner was in the final interview stages for a CEO position at a credit union .
The salary was $ 60,000 less than what he earned before , and uprooting his family from Maryland would be difficult .
But they all seemed excited about a possible move .
A few days later , Mr. Joegriner received an offer and a contract .
Despite the earlier enthusiasm , doubts began to surface .
" What if we went all the way out there and they laid me off ? "
After fruitless negotiations , he turned down the job .
The reason :
The position did n't include a guarantee of severance pay .
Says Mr. Joegriner : " I just could n't take the risk . "
Write to Mary Pilon at mary.pilon@wsj.com
NEW YORK �( CNNMoney.com ) --
The Dow industrials closed above 10,000 Wednesday , ending at the key psychological milestone for the first time in more than a year , following upbeat profit reports from Intel and JPMorgan Chase .
The Dow Jones industrial average ( INDU ) rose 145 points or 1.5 % , finishing at its highest point since Oct. 3 , 2008 , when it closed at 10,325.38 .
The S&P 500 ( SPX ) index rose 19 points , or 1.8 % , and the Nasdaq composite ( COMP ) added 32 points , or 1.5 % .
The advance was broad - based , with 25 of 30 Dow stocks rising .
JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) , Caterpillar ( CAT , Fortune 500 ) , Chevron ( CVX , Fortune 500 ) , Hewlett - Packard ( HPQ , Fortune 500 ) , IBM ( IBM , Fortune 500 ) , 3M ( MMM , Fortune 500 ) , United Technologies ( UTX , Fortune 500 ) and Exxon Mobil ( XOM , Fortune 500 ) were the biggest contributors to the Dow 's gains .
" Today 's market action is all about Intel and JPMorgan and just earnings in general , " said Tom Schrader , managing director at Stifel Nicolaus .
He said that the weak retail sales report , released Wednesday , indicates that the economic recovery is not going to be smooth sailing .
Nevertheless , " people are looking forward , " Schrader added .
While 10,000 is significant on a psychological level , it is not especially meaningful on a technical level .
" I do n't put a lot of weight into it just because it's a round number , " said Rick Bensignor , chief market strategist at Execution LLC .
" The Dow is n't a benchmark for most portfolio managers . "
He said that the number is n't going to bring in a new wave of buyers , not after the major gauges have spiked so much in the past seven months .
Since bottoming at 12 - year lows in March of this year , the S&P 500 has surged a little over 61 % as of Wednesday 's close , and the Dow has jumped 53 % .
" If the market keeps moving higher it will be because the earnings continue to surpass expectations , " he said .
Other than a few modest pullbacks , stocks have mostly managed to keep moving higher , with investors jumping in to buy the dips on worries that they are missing the boat .
Repeated calls for a correction of 10 % to 15 % have gone unmet , and are likely to continue going unmet for the short term , Schrader said .
" The problem is that it is consensus that we need a selloff and consensus is rarely right , " he said .
Earnings : Two Dow issues reported better - than - expected third - quarter results , following component Alcoa ( AA , Fortune 500 ) 's better - than - expected profit report last week .
The results have fueled hopes that the third quarter could mark a turning point for corporate profits in the same way it seems to have marked a turning point for the economy .
JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) said it earned $ 3.6 billion in the quarter , as strength in its investment banking business tempered rising loan losses .
The company said that consumer loan delinquencies are showing signs of stabilization , but that the trend may not continue .
JP Morgan reported higher quarterly sales and earnings that topped analysts ' estimates , according to tracker Thomson Financial .
Shares gained 3.3 % Wednesday .
Late Tuesday , chipmaker Intel ( INTC , Fortune 500 ) said quarterly sales and earnings fell from a year ago , but topped estimates .
Intel also issued a bullish forecast , saying that it expects fourth - quarter revenue of between $ 9.7 billion and $ 10.5 billion versus the $ 9.51 billion consensus .
Intel also said it expects gross margins , a key measure of profitability , in the 59 % to 65 % range versus the 56.7 % consensus .
Shares gained 1.7 % Wednesday .
Economy : Retail sales fell 1.5 % in September , the Commerce Department said , surprising economists who were expecting sales to fall 2.1 % .
Sales rose 2.7 % in August thanks partly to the impact of the government 's Cash for Clunkers auto stimulus program .
Sales excluding autos rose 0.5 % in the month versus a rise of 1.1 % in August .
Sales were expected to rise 0.2 % .
Import prices edged up 0.1 % in September , the government said , after climbing 1.6 % in August .
Export prices fell 0.3 % in September versus a revised 1.6 % in August .
In the afternoon , the Fed released the minutes from the last interest - rate policy meeting .
The bankers said that while the economic outlook has improved , activity is still weak .
Additionally , most of the bankers raised their economic projections for the second half of the year and for the next two years .
World markets : Global markets were mixed .
In Europe , London 's FTSE 100 rose 2 % , France 's CAC 40 gained 2.1 % and Germany 's DAX added 2.5 % .
Asian markets ended higher , with the exception of Japan .
Bonds : Treasury prices tumbled , raising the yield on the 10 - year note to 3.38 % from 3.35 % late Tuesday .
Treasury prices and yields move in opposite directions .
Currency and commodities :
The dollar fell versus the euro and the yen , extending its recent losses .
U.S. light crude oil for November delivery rose $ 1.03 to settle at $ 75.18 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange , the highest level in a year .
COMEX gold for December delivery fell 30 cents to $ 1,064.70 an ounce after ending the previous session at a record close of $ 1,065 .
Gold has been hitting record highs almost daily in response to a weak U.S. dollar and ongoing concerns about inflationary pressures .
Market breadth was positive .
On the New York Stock Exchange , winners beat losers five to two on volume of 1.35 billion shares .
On the Nasdaq , advancers topped decliners by nearly three to one on volume of 2.38 billion shares .
Android 2.0 uses V8 JavaScript engine
Google has not yet released most of the Android 2.0 " eclair " source code , but they did publish source for a very small number of components , including a WebKit snapshot .
I was excited to see that the snapshot includes Google 's V8 virtual machine .
( Previous Android releases used Safari's JavaScriptCore / " SquirrelFish Extreme " VM . )
But without the rest of the source tree , there was no way to build and run this on a real Android phone .
The SDK includes a binary image that runs only in the qemu- based emulator .
Today I got to try out a Motorola Droid .
Here 's how its browser compares to Android 1.6 on my HTC Dream ( Android Dev Phone / T - Mobile G1 ) in the V8 Benchmark Suite :
Test Dream ( 1.6 ) Droid ( 2.0 ) Change Richards 13.5 15.6 +16 % DeltaBlue 5.23 12.9 +147 % Crypto 13.2 10.9 - 17 % RayTrace 10.9 80.1 +635 % EarleyBoyer 23.5 74.7 +218 % RegExp did not complete 16.5 – Splay did not complete did not complete –
Some tests ( Richards , Crypto ) see little or no improvement , while others ( DeltaBlue , RayTrace , EarleyBoyer ) are dramatically faster .
Just for comparison , let 's run the same benchmark on Safari 4 ( JavaScriptCore ) and a Chromium 4 nightly build ( V8 ) on a Mac Pro :
Test Safari 4 Chromium 4 Change Richards 4103 4640 +13 % DeltaBlue 3171 4418 +39 % Crypto 3331 3643 +9 % RayTrace 3509 6662 +90 % EarleyBoyer 4737 7643 +61 % RegExp 1268 1187 - 6 % Splay 1198 7290 +509 %
The precise ratios are different , but the same tests that showed the most improvement from Android 1.6 to 2.0 also show the most improvement from Safari to Chrome .
Based on this plus the source code snapshot , I 'm pretty sure that Android 2.0 is indeed using V8 .
This is exciting news .
It makes Droid the first shipping product I know that uses V8 on an ARM processor , although V8 has included an ARM JIT compiler for some time now .
[ Correction : Palm
Pre was first ; see the comments below . ]
For mobile web developers like me , it means we 're one step closer to having desktop - quality rich web applications on low - power handheld devices .
Android still lags behind the iPhone in at least one important way for web developers : CSS animation .
The iPhone ( and Safari on the desktop ) provides hardware acceleration for CSS transforms , like this falling leaves demo .
On Android , CSS animation is done in software , making it much , much slower .
( Even outside the browser , Android 's Skia 2D graphics API lacks hardware acceleration .
OpenGL is the only way to for Android developers to take advantage of the GPU . )
Accelerated animation would really make it possible to write interactive web pages that match the smoothness and responsiveness of native apps .
Final thought :
Although the Motorola Droid is still 100 times slower than Chromium on a Mac Pro , it 's already faster at some benchmarks than IE8 or Firefox 2 on desktop hardware from just a few years ago .
Update ( 2010-02-09 ) : Just for comparison , here are numbers for the Google / HTC Nexus One with Android 2.1 .
The Nexus One is around 2 - 4 times faster than the Droid at the V8 benchmark suite .
It even renders the falling leaves animation at a decent framerate ( but still not as smoothly as the GPU - accelerated iPhone ) .
Fox , on the hunt for examples of ' outrage ' at health care reform town halls , features protesters holding signs supporting the public option :
Can you feel the tide turning ?
4:46 pm
Military Families Speak Out ( MFSO )
Military Families Decry Move to Send More Troops to Afghanistan
1:24 pm
ACLU
ACLU Lawsuit Charges American Citizen Illegally Detained And Mistreated By U.S. Officials
11:51 am
ACLU
ACLU Report Calls For Stronger U.S. Privacy Oversight Institutions
11:45 am
ACLU
9/11 Families Want Guantánamo Detainees Prosecuted In Federal Court
10:47 am
Marijuana Policy Project
AMA Calls for Review of Medical Marijuana ’s Legal Status
10:27 am
Physicians for a National Health Program
Over 2,200 Veterans Died in 2008 Due to Lack of Health Insurance
Officials covered corpses with lime to curb the stench
Dozens of cats and dogs living in housing schemes in Puerto Rico were reportedly thrown off a bridge by animal control workers .
A contractor hired by authorities in Barceloneta to enforce a no- pet policy has been blamed , said Associated Press .
Animal Control Solution was tasked to take the pets to a shelter , not hurl them off a bridge , the agency said .
Outraged Mayor Sol Luis Fontanez said he would sack the contractor .
Animal Control Solution deny any wrongdoing .
" This is an irresponsible , inhumane and shameful act , " the mayor was quoted as saying .
' Sedatives '
Animal Control Solution was reportedly paid $ 60 ( £ 29 ) per animal collected and another $ 100 ( £ 49 ) for each trip to a pet shelter in a suburb of Carolina .
Residents told reporters they saw the animal control workers inject the animals during raids on Monday and Wednesday .
Many were already dead when they threw them , but others were alive
Local resident
When questioned , the workers claimed the jabs were sedatives for the drive to the shelter .
But witnesses said they saw the pets and strays being thrown 50ft ( 15 metres ) from a bridge in the neighbouring town of Vega Baja early on Tuesday .
" Many were already dead when they threw them , but others were alive , " Jose Manuel Rivera , who lives next to the bridge , told AP .
City officials had to spread lime over the animal corpses to stifle the stench .
Animal Control Solution denied any of its employees threw pets off a bridge and insisted it always took animals to its local shelter to euthanise .
The US Department of Housing and Urban Development said it allowed some Puerto Rican housing authorities to set pet rules but did not permit blanket bans or mass confiscation of animals .
Magnum
“ OF ALL places it was in divided Berlin in divided Germany in divided Europe that the cold war erupted into an east - west street party , ” this newspaper observed 20 years ago ( see article ) .
Even to those who had been confident of the eventual triumph of the West , the fall of the Berlin Wall was surprisingly accidental .
When 200,000 East Germans took advantage of Hungary 's decision to open its borders and fled to the West , their communist government decided to modify the travel restrictions that imprisoned them .
Asked about the timing , the unbriefed propaganda minister mumbled : “ As far as I know , effective immediately . ”
When that was reported on television , the Berliners were off .
Baffled border guards who would have shot their “ comrades ” a week earlier let the crowd through — and a barrier that had divided the world was soon being gleefully dismantled .
West Germany 's chancellor , Helmut Kohl , was so unready for history that he was out of the country .
The destruction of the Iron Curtain on November 9th 1989 is still the most remarkable political event of most people 's lifetimes : it set free millions of individuals and it brought to an end a global conflict that threatened nuclear annihilation .
For liberals in the West , it still stands as a reminder both of what has been won since and what is still worth fighting for .
Remember the Stasi , but do n't forget the fridges
Yet the past two decades have seen economic freedom advance further than political freedom .
Talk 20 years ago of a peaceful new world order has disappeared .
New divisions have emerged out of nationalism , religion or just “ fear of the other ” .
Rather than making the case for democracy unassailable , plenty of countries , including , alas , a few of the old Warsaw Pact members , most of the Arab world and China , have been able to run shamelessly repressive authoritarian regimes .
When Western leaders visit Moscow , Riyadh or Beijing , they merely mumble about human rights .
The presumption has become that such regimes will endure .
By contrast , “ globalisation ” , that awkward term that covers the freer movement of goods , capital , people and ideas around the globe , has become the governing principle of commerce .
That does not mean it is universally accepted : witness the travails of the Doha round of trade talks .
But few places openly oppose it .
In the economic sphere , illiberalism usually has to disguise itself through governments trying to adapt it , stressing “ capitalism with Chinese characteristics ” , “ stakeholder capitalism ” , “ fair trade ” and so on .
Even after the crunch , the commercial classes assume that the world will become more integrated : who can resist economic logic and technology ?
It is not hard to see why such a presumption should exist .
Consider two successes of economic liberalism , both somewhat under - appreciated at the moment .
The first is its role 20 years ago ( see article ) .
The East Berliners rushing to the West were not just fleeing the Stasi ; they also came in search of fridges , jeans and Coca - Cola from supermarkets .
By then communism , for all its tanks and missiles , was plainly a less efficient economic machine .
Mikhail Gorbachev deserves credit for allowing so many serfs to escape so peacefully ; but the Soviet Union crumbled because it could not produce the goods .
And even if the current round of globalisation technically began before the wall fell , it was spurred on by it .
( The word seldom appeared in The Economist before 1986 and began to be common only in the 1990s . )
Globalisation would have meant much less if half of Europe had been bricked in ; many instinctively statist giants of the emerging world , such as Brazil , India or even China , would have been far slower to open up their economies if a semi-credible alternative had still existed .
That points to the second under - appreciated success .
At present capitalism is too often judged by the excesses of a few bankers .
But when historians come to write about the past quarter - century , Lehman Brothers and Sir Fred “ the Shred ” Goodwin will account for fewer pages than the 500 m people dragged out of absolute poverty into something resembling the middle class .
Their success is not just a wonderful thing in itself — the greatest leap forward in economic history .
It has also helped spur on other chaotic freedoms : look at the way ideas , good , bad and mad , are texted around the world .
For in the end , no matter what China 's leaders tell Mr Obama when he visits Beijing later this month , economic and political liberty are linked — not as tightly as people hoped 20 years ago , but still linked .
Look forward , and China 's internet - obsessed emerging middle class will surely have an appetite for liberty beyond the purely economic .
Change could happen as unexpectedly as it did in 1989 .
Even the most fearsome fortresses of repression can eventually be breached .
Then it was Honecker and Ceausescu ; tomorrow it might be Castro , Ahmadinejad or Mugabe ; one day Chávez or even Hu .
Marx to market
Put another way , the presumption that political freedom will never catch up with economic freedom could turn out to be joyously wrong .
The problem is that this gap could also be closed another way .
Economic freedom could be slowed down , perhaps even reversed , by politics .
For Western liberals , even ones who believe in open markets as unreservedly as this paper , that means facing up to some hard facts about the popularity of their creed .
Western capitalism 's victory over its rotten communist rival does not ensure it an enduring franchise from voters .
As Karl Marx pointed out during globalisation 's last great surge forward in the 19th century , the magic of comparative advantage can be wearing — and cruel .
It leaves behind losers in concentrated clumps ( a closed tyre factory , for instance ) , whereas the more numerous winners ( everybody driving cheaper cars ) are disparate .
It makes the wealthy very wealthy : in a global market , you will hit a bigger jackpot than in a local one .
And capitalism has always been prone to spectacular booms and busts .
Above all politics remains stubbornly local .
All that economic integration has not been matched politically .
And to the extent that there is a global guarantor of the current system , it is America , a country which as globalisation works will continue to lose relative power .
Thanks to its generosity in exporting the secrets of success , it now has China closer to its shoulder and other emerging giants are catching up .
Public support for protectionism has surged in the United States .
In the affairs of man , wounded pride and xenophobia often trump economic reason .
Why else would Russia terrorise its gas customers ?
Or Britons demonise the EU ?
In a rational world China would not stir up Japanophobia and rich Saudis would not help Islamic extremists abroad .
Many businesspeople , too busy on their BlackBerrys to worry about nationalism or fundamentalism , might ponder Keynes 's description of a prosperous Londoner before August 1914 : sipping his morning tea in bed , ordering goods from around the world over the telephone , regarding that age of globalisation as “ normal , certain , and permanent , except in the direction of further improvement ” and dismissing “ the politics of militarism ” and “ racial and cultural rivalries ” as mere “ amusements in his daily newspaper ” .
Be prepared , be very prepared
Recognising the political shortcomings of globalisation should redouble Western liberals ' determination to defend it : to close the gap in the right way .
That involves a myriad of things , from promoting human rights to designing better jobs policies ( see article ) .
But it also requires defending the enormous benefits that capitalism has brought the world since 1989 more forcefully than the West 's leaders have done thus far .
And above all perhaps , taking nothing for granted .
The British Psychological Society 's Research Digest asked " some of the world 's leading psychologists to look inwards and share , in 150 words , one nagging thing they still do n't understand about themselves . "
Here is Norbert Schwarz :
One nagging thing I do n’t understand about myself is why I ’m still fooled by incidental feelings .
Some 25 years ago Jerry Clore and I studied how gloomy weather makes one ’s whole life look bad -- unless one becomes aware of the weather and attributes one ’s gloomy mood to the gloomy sky , which eliminates the influence .
You ’d think I learned that lesson and now know how to deal with gloomy skies .
I do n’t , they still get me .
The same is true for other subjective experiences , like the processing fluency resulting from print fonts 
I still fall prey to their influence .
Why does insight into how such influences work not help us notice them when they occur ?
What makes the immediate experience so powerful that I fail to apply my own theorizing until some blogger asks a question that brings it to mind ?
And here is David Buss :
One nagging thing that I still do n’t understand about myself is why I often succumb to well - documented psychological biases , even though I ’m acutely aware of these biases .
One example is my failure at affective forecasting , such as believing that I will be happy for a long time after some accomplishment ( e.g. publishing a new book ) , when in fact the happiness dissipates more quickly than anticipated .
Another is succumbing to the male sexual overperception bias , misperceiving a woman ’s friendliness as sexual interest .
A third is undue optimism about how quickly I can complete work projects , despite many years of experience in underestimating the time actually required .
One would think that explicit knowledge of these well - documented psychological biases and years of experience with them would allow a person to cognitively override the biases .
But they do n’t .
( Hat tip : Tyler Cowen )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
A Super Bowl picture tutorial ( no I did n’t make these , they are from several participants ) on how to make the bacon quilt explosion – basic premise is 2 pounds of bacon wrapped around 2 pounds of sausage – several versions are listed , combine ingredients to your taste .
The constant seems to be using good thick cut bacon , roll the inner ingredients then wrap the bacon quilt around it , and cooking it all on a rack so the bacon juices do n’t soak the roll .
Average cooking times are 250 - 275 degrees cooked over 2 to 2 1/2 hours .
If you want to smoke it on a pit , then go with 225 degrees cooked 1 hour per inch of thickness .
and now the pictures
first 8 pictures – bacon sausage combo
next 6 pictures – bacon ground meat combo
next 4 pictures – bacon boudin combo
next 3 pictures – bacon chicken combo
last 4 pictures – a sweet bacon explosion using chocolate rice crispies treat , butterscotch drops , chocolate chips , sugared walnuts , rolled up and covered with chocolate sauce
other versions include a sausage shrimp combo , and various ingredients like jalapenos , cheddar cheese , BBQ sauce , pork tenderloin , shallots , etc. , etc. , etc …
great hangover food if you ask me
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in blogroll , recipes
After failing to save the world ( again ) at the G20 finance ministers ' meeting last weekend , with the universal rejection of his international transaction tax , Gordon Brown is now left with fewer than six months to save his skin .
Parliament prorogues this week in preparation for the final truncated session before the sands of time force the Prime Minister to face the British people .
By my reckoning – assuming the general election is on 6 May 2010 – we are 177 days away from Mr Brown 's eviction from Downing Street .
That means 15 more question - time exchanges with David Cameron , one more Queen 's Speech debate , a pre-Budget report , an actual Budget – and probably at least another 50 letters to be written by Mr Brown to the relatives of servicemen killed in Afghanistan .
Labour MPs facing defeat and MPs who are standing down either voluntarily – or involuntarily as a consequence of the expenses scandal – have no more than 70 parliamentary sitting days to enjoy the comfort of the green benches .
They will complete six more expenses claims forms before their final pay - off cheque of up to £ 65,000 is banked .
On the plus side , they need only contemplate the grim ritual of sending official Commons Christmas cards and House of Commons whisky to constituency worthies once more .
This time next year a few lucky ones will be swathed in ermine but the rest will be selling one of their two homes – hoping that Sir Ian Kennedy will allow them to keep the capital gain .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In the meantime the Prime Minister will be trying to " Rebuild Britain 's Future " , the theme given in June to the draft legislative programme .
Any element of surprise has been taken away from next week 's State Opening ceremony .
We already know the speech will focus on creating training , skills and apprenticeship opportunities for young unemployed people , although this was undermined by weekend reports of a secret cut of £ 350 m to this budget .
But the rest of the pre-announced list of bills , including an Energy Bill , the Digital Economy Bill and yet another Policing , Crime and Private Security Bill , hardly seem likely to make any electoral impact on voters this side of the election .
And as for the Constitutional Renewal Bill , I suspect that the House of Lords will see to it that much of this is sunk without trace by polling day .
Mr Brown 's hopes no longer lie in legislation and will be determined by economic indicators now largely outside his and his Chancellor 's control .
We know that VAT will increase back up to 17.5 per cent and that unemployment will continue to rise .
The possibility of a technical return to economic growth might lift the gloom momentarily but , with no room for manoeuvre , the opportunity for a vote - winning Budget giveaway will be denied .
Of course , it is entirely possible that some completely unanticipated event might provide an opportunity for Mr Brown to play to some of his strengths , although given his record so far this really would be clutching at straws .
I 've often wondered what the effect of a huge unexpected national or international crisis , occurring in the middle of an election campaign , would have had on Margaret Thatcher , John Major or Tony Blair .
Luckily , all our recent elections have occurred without unknown events crowding out the contours of the hustings .
Certainly Thatcher and Blair would have excelled in such situations , reinforcing their poll leads already established at the start of their campaigns .
If some awful terrorist event had erupted during the 1992 election , Major would probably have gained in prestige , following the Gulf War a year earlier .
Equally , I suspect , however , that some untoward national event during the 1997 campaign would not have saved him , regardless of how well he might have handled the situation .
The US experience in the banking crisis , during last year 's presidential election , solidified Obama 's poll ratings to an even greater extent .
The die , once cast , merely reinforces and rarely changes voters ' perceptions .
With what cards can Mr Brown now shape the political weather ?
Only surprise .
He could relinquish the reins in his party 's interest at the turn of the year .
But this would only bring a marginal benefit , even if an iron discipline on an agreed cabinet successor ensured a transition to a new leader within days of his resignation .
Suppose Alan Johnson or whoever were to emerge , complete with white smoke , Pope - like , in the early days of January , along with the immediate announcement of an election date .
The novelty of a changed political landscape might prevent a Labour meltdown but would still be unlikely to prevent the inevitable Tory victory .
Only the timing of the election remains Mr Brown 's wild card .
He could follow the example of John Major by calling an election the day after an early Budget .
If he wanted a short campaign , by avoiding Easter , 25 March remains an outside bet .
But , frankly , Mr Cameron would still hold all the trumps .
It is 30 years since the film Mad Max was made , launching the career of Mel Gibson .
The film made a big splash at the time for its terrifying view of a world without oil , where gangs of grisly looking people roam deserts in a post - apocalyptic world , killing each other to get their hands on the few drops of petrol that some have managed to produce in makeshift refineries .
Social order has completely broken down .
Great film if you like that sort of thing but complete fiction , of course .
Or is it ?
Three decades later , and I wonder if the film was , in fact , years ahead of its time .
Just think back to summer last year when oil prices spiked to $ 150 a barrel – 10 times the level of a decade earlier .
In petrol stations in some European countries , people started to drive off without paying and drivers had to be banned from filling cars before they had paid up .
In Britain , people stole heating oil out of the tanks that sit outside many houses in the country .
Imagine what would happen if prices rose , say , to $ 300 a barrel .
Or higher .
Not only would it become too expensive to drive unless absolutely necessary , but food would become prohibitively expensive to transport , goods from China would be too expensive to ship , and plastics , which come from oil , would be unaffordable .
The cold turkey after more than a century of cheap oil would be painful indeed .
For developing countries it would be fatal – many could not afford energy at those prices .
Oil has fallen sharply in price since last summer , but this is only because the world tumbled into its worst recession in decades , clobbering industrial output and trade volumes , and therefore oil demand .
What is curious , though , is that oil prices , having tumbled below $ 40 earlier this year , went back above $ 81 a barrel last week , their highest for a year .
There are plenty of possible reasons , such as the continuing fall in the value of the dollar , in which oil is priced , or the piling in of speculators who think a recovery will push up oil prices .
Or you could reach for the old chestnut of supply and demand .
Demand has fallen a lot , sure , but maybe supply is not what it used to be .
Indeed , take a graph of the oil price over the past couple of decades , chop off last year 's spike to $ 150 and this year 's plunge to $ 35 and you can see that oil prices have been on a steady upwards trend for a decade .
The question is why ?
An excellent new report , Heads in the Sand , released last week by the non-governmental organisation Global Witness – the group that first brought " blood diamonds " to the world 's attention – looked in depth at what is happening to the supply of oil .
And it is frightening .
The author , Simon Taylor , has spent two years working on this issue , in particular , analysing the forecasts issued late last year by the Paris - based International Energy Agency ( IEA ) , in which it admitted for the first time that world oil supplies were about to start to dwindle just as demand from countries such as India and China is accelerating rapidly .
The IEA had previously asserted that oil production would not peak before 2030 at the earliest .
Now it thinks we might be very close to that point .
The IEA figures showed there could be a gap of 7 m barrels a day between supply and demand by 2015 .
That represents about 8 % of the expected world demand by then , 91 m barrels a day .
The gap will grow as demand keeps growing .
Taylor warns that world supply levelled off between 2005 and 2008 , so quite where the new oil is going to come from is unclear .
Taylor takes issue with the IEA 's recommendation that the world spend $ 450bn ( yes , billion ) a year looking for new oilfields that may or may not be there and so render its forecasts overoptimistic .
He thinks governments should admit they have ignored the problem and do n't have a plan B .
Falling production
They certainly need one .
Britain 's oil production , for example , has already fallen by half in the past decade and the IEA expects production from all other existing oilfields to fall by that amount between now and 2020 .
It warns that the world needs to find an extra 64 m barrels a day of capacity by 2030 – equivalent to six times the current Saudi Arabian production .
That seems unlikely given that new oil discoveries peaked in 1965 .
In 1984 world production overtook new discoveries for the first time .
Taylor also points out that the announcements of " big " discoveries by the oil majors in the past few years do not add up to very much – less than 2 m barrels a day – and only if those fields contain as much oil as the companies reckon .
But even then they still fall a long way short of replacing the 3.7 m barrels a day the world is losing every year .
Many people think Canadian tar sands are going to save us .
Well , even the Canadians do n't think they can produce more than 3 m barrels a day from the tar sands of northern Alberta .
This is nowhere near the scale of the problem , quite apart from the environmental degradation caused by tar sand extraction .
Taylor said the four key issues about oil – declining output , declining discoveries , increasing demand and insufficient projects in the pipeline – have been apparent for at least a decade .
It wo n't surprise you to hear that our own government has done no work on future oil supplies , has no plan and barely acknowledges the problem , despite years of campaigning by , among others , the former oil industry geologist - turned solar power entrepreneur Jeremy Leggett , who has written whole books on the subject of " peak oil " .
Renewables ' revolution '
Taylor says governments must move at lightning pace to reduce energy demand through greater efficiency and go hell for leather for renewable energy sources , although he knows it is probably too late to avoid a huge energy crunch within the next decade or so .
That annual $ 450 bn the IEA talks of would buy you a lot of renewables such as wind and solar power if it were not being spent chasing ever - harder - to - find oil and gas .
So what chance is there of the authorities moving quickly ?
Well , Britain 's renewables " revolution " , which the government loves to talk of , is simply not going to deliver the goods .
In mid-October the Department of Energy and Climate Change closed the consultation on the " feed - in tariff " proposal it has been forced to introduce by backbench MPs .
Feed - in tariffs have kickstarted renewables in many countries , especially Germany , by offering consumers a healthy price for electricity they feed into the grid .
The energy department will announce its decisions in about a month but , unsurprisingly , officials are aiming low .
They want the tariff to offer returns on investment of 5 - 8 % .
That 's not enough .
The Germans get around 10 % .
The MP Alan Simpson , appointed by the climate change secretary Ed Miliband to oversee the tariff 's introduction , wanted 12 % or more to allow the UK to bring about a renewables revolution .
But he has been thwarted by officials .
" It 's designed to fail , " he says .
And people who have already invested , and got one of the handful of grants available in recent years , are likely to be worse off under the tariff .
This means that early adopters of these technologies , who put their hands in their pockets to the tune of thousands of pounds , will be penalised .
You really could n't make it up .
When the oil supply crunch comes , we are in trouble .
ashley.seager@theguardian.com
theguardian.com/business/economics
After launching Cheqlist last week , I felt compelled to give you a peek under the covers to see the tools involved and why I chose certain technologies .
I hope to give you insight for times where you decide what to work with .
Getting started
Before I could really start working on a major project , I had to choose a VCS .
I went with mercurial based on a friend ’s insistence that I introduce myself to a DVCS ( specifically Hg ) immediately .
I knew what it was but never took time to try it myself .
I am very glad I tried it .
Looking back , though , I think git may have been a ( very slightly ) better choice .
Regardless , mercurial has served me very well and I strongly encourage anyone who has n’t given a DVCS a spin to do so !
After getting some code and tests written , it was time to pick a project host .
I chose kenai.com because it integrated well with NetBeans ( which is THE IDE for JavaFX ) , it supported mercurial , and I like the direction Kenai is taking .
Communicating with Remember The Milk : GroovyRTM
RTM has a REST API that you can use to interact with the service .
I decided to start by creating my own Groovy consumer of that API that would do the heavy lifting of interacting with Remember The Milk so I could keep my options open when looking for a UI technology .
I chose Groovy because :
I did n’t want to write and maintain a lot of code
I wanted to be able compile to Java classes I could use with other languages that run on the JVM
It has great utilities for parsing XML and making HTTP requests
In the end , Groovy totally came through for me .
It did everything I needed and more , easily .
UPDATE : I ’ve been polishing GroovyRTM a lot since May and I ’m confident in saying it is , by far , the best Java API kit available .
If you have suggestions or improvements , let me know !
The UI
JavaFX was a natural choice for me since I ’d been playing with it since before it was 1.0 .
I was eager to develop something more than a demo app with it .
The two key features here were :
Easily using Java classes - just an import
Deployment to the desktop AND mobile phones ( hoping to deploy to Android eventually ) .
I ’m holding off on mobile right now because RTM introduced their own Android app which I ca n’t compete with ( yet )
right now because RTM introduced their own Android app which I ca n’t compete with ( yet ) Java Web Start deployment gave me a lot of goodies for the desktop ( title , icon , auto - update etc . )
Frankly , I do n’t think JavaFX was ready for building real applications until version 1.2 ( released in June ) .
Even then , including the JFXtras project is a must .
There is no way I could have done this without them .
I still had to create or adapt a few custom components .
In all fairness , JavaFX is a young technology and I know that the team is working very , very hard on producing a lot more for JavaFX 1.3 .
Oh , and I ca n’t wait for the Sun to release the JavaFX visual designer .
Launch
Last but not least , I needed to easily make a screencast to introduce Cheqlist .
After listening to Faceoff
Show ’s excellent screencasting review , I chose Screenr .
The only thing that caught me by surprise is that the video did n’t embed in my aggregation feeds .
Could have been my idiot mistake , though .
You can catch my intro video here if you have n’t for some reason .
Updates !
Where ’d my edit button go ?
Oh yeah , you do n’t need it anymore since all task edits occur immediately now .
Create and delete lists ( including smart lists )
Toaster looks and acts much better ;)
Cheqlist is now on twitter !
Follow @cheqlist for news and updates .
In addition , you should know that I ’m currently working on notes management , minimizing to taskbar icon , and undo functionality .
Anything else you want ?
Hit me up on twitter , email me or submit an issue .
What would you have done differently ?
Comment !
E B OOK D OWNLOAD
We have worked with Cambridge University Press to keep the book affordable and to make it broadly accessible .
We recognize that an electronic copy offers benefits that cannot be realized in print , such as hyperlinks , full - text searching , use of PDF screen captures in lecture slides , and access from multiple locations .
Thus , on this page we provide a free electronic copy of Multiagent Systems .
You are invited to use it without restriction for screen viewing , but are requested to print it only under one of the following circumstances :
You live in a place that does not offer you access to the physical book ;
The cost of the book is prohibitive for you ;
You need only one or two chapters .
Indeed , the cost of printing over 500 pages is not much less than $ 60 , the undiscounted cost of the book .
Plus by printing you 'd end up with a bunch of loose pages , and without the nice picture on the cover ...
We also ask you not to link directly to the PDF or to distribute it electronically .
Instead , we invite you to link to this page .
This will allow us to gauge the level of interest in the book and to update the PDF to keep it consistent with reprintings of the book .
Download the book ( PDF )
Multiagent Systems is copyright ( c ) Yoav Shoham and Kevin Leyton - Brown , 2009 .
Our contract with Cambridge allows us to distribute an uncorrected manuscript .
Thus , the PDF is formatted differently than the book — and in particular has different page numbering — and has not been fully copy edited .
Please treat the printed book as the definitive version .
Note that we intend to update the PDF on the same schedule as the printed book .
Thus , users of the PDF should still check the errata page to be made aware of known errors .
11 Crazy Foods You Didn't Realise You Could Buy in a Tin
There are some foods that just do n't belong in a tin .
The billboard before it was covered on a road out of Bangkok
Museum officials in Thailand have covered a billboard depicting Adolf Hitler saluting after complaints from the German and Israeli embassies .
The advertisement , which reads in Thai , " Hitler is not dead , " was set up on a main road out of Bangkok two weeks ago .
The billboard was covered up after the museum received " a lot " of complaints , director Somporn Naksuetrong said .
The series of highway advertisements featuring famous dead people promote Louis Tussaud 's Waxworks in Pattaya .
" We were n't showing his image to celebrate him , " Mr Naksuetrong told AFP .
" We think he is an important historical figure , but in a horrible way .
We apologise for causing any offence which was not at all intended .
We did not realise it would make people so angry , " he added .
German Ambassador Hanns Schumacher was quoted in the Bangkok Post as labelling the advertisement " tasteless " and complained directly to the Thai foreign ministry .
The Israeli embassy protested directly to the museum , Mr Naksuetrong said .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
It may not have won the book price war ( yet ) , but Amazon defeated Wall Street expectations on Thursday , reporting a 69 % surge in third - quarter profit , led by strong sales of its Kindle e-reader .
The Seattle - based e-commerce giant said its net income rose to $ 199 million , or 45 cents per share , compared to $ 118 million , or 27 cents per share , in the year - earlier period .
Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters expected earnings per share to rise to just 33 cents .
Revenue at Amazon ( AMZN , Fortune 500 ) climbed 28 % to $ 5.45 billion in the quarter , beating analysts ' expectations for an 18 % rise to $ 5.03 billion .
Shares of Amazon rose nearly 15 % in after - hours trading .
Kindle boost .
Sales of electronics and other general merchandise , which represent 43 % of Amazon 's revenue mix , grew 51 % in North America and 48 % internationally .
Much of that growth was attributed to the Kindle , which first debuted in 2007 .
" Kindle has become the No. 1 bestselling item by both unit sales and dollars -- not just in our electronic store but across all product categories on Amazon.com , " said Jeff Bezos , founder and CEO of Amazon , in a prepared statement .
Amazon also announced Thursday that it cut the price on its latest generation of Kindle , which debuted earlier this month .
The price for the new Kindle , which has wireless capabilities and can be used globally , was reduced to $ 259 from $ 279 .
The company began shipping the e-reader to 100 countries this week .
Amazon had previously lowered the U.S. price of the Kindle by $ 40 to $ 259 .
The online retailer 's media sales , which include books and music and represent 54 % of Amazon 's revenue , also increased and contributed to the company 's strong quarter , said Sandeep Aggarwal , senior Internet research analyst at Collins Stewart .
Worldwide media sales grew 17 % to $ 2.93 billion compared to last year .
For the fourth quarter , the company expects a profit between $ 300 million and $ 425 million .
It said sales would fall between $ 8.125 billion and $ 9.125 billion , higher than analysts ' expectations of $ 8.114 billion .
But Aggarwal thinks the momentum will continue and Amazon could beat its guidance .
" With this level of out performance , I think Amazon will become the best destination for e-commerce this holiday season , " he said .
Timothy Kincaid
Rick Warren , pastor of Saddleback Church , has a unique way of viewing a global ministry .
Warren sees his mission as being of a scope that does not stop at national borders .
He seeks Purpose Driven Nations to comprise his Purpose Driven World .
And Warren is not hesitant to interfere in international religious divisions or schisms .
Though not Anglican , he has been a major player in providing American support to African Anglicans who are seeking to oust any affiliates from the Anglican Communion that make any accommodation for gay Christians .
Warren also likes to rub shoulders with the politically powerful .
He is friends with presidents and the powerful around the globe .
And one of the five steps in his Plan is “ Equipping ethical leaders ” , i.e. those who agree with Warren ’s religious views .
And he ’s no stranger to activism on behalf of legislation .
Though he was not highly visible in supporting Proposition 8 , he did not hesitate to instruct his flock – which does not stop at the walls of his church – to vote to take away the civil rights of their gay neighbors .
But Warren has now found the one exception to his political involvement .
And that exception is the proposed Ugandan “ Kill Gays ” bill .
Unlike virtually anything else that flickers across his attention , this piece of legislation just does n’t rise to the level of requiring his involvement .
That would be “ interfering in the political process of other nations . ”
Or maybe Rick Warren just does n’t find it unethical on the part of leadership in Uganda to execute HIV positive gay people , incarcerate the rest for life , ban any form of activism that might object , and jail those family , friends , or acquaintances who fail to report their gay loved ones to the government .
On Meet the Press this morning he spoke a good game of loving gay people ( while fighting against their rights ) .
But though he declared that his “ role is to love everybody ” ( which presumably would include gay Ugandans ) , this love seems not to stretch quite enough to oppose their execution and life - long incarceration .
And Newsweek ’s Kate Dailey is noting Warren ’s failure to respond to the situation in Uganda :
But Warren wo n’t go so far as to condemn the legislation itself .
A request for a broader reaction to the proposed Ugandan anti-homosexual laws generated this response : “ The fundamental dignity of every person , our right to be free , and the freedom to make moral choices are gifts endowed by God , our creator .
However , it is not my personal calling as a pastor in America to comment or interfere in the political process of other nations . ”
On Meet the Press this morning , he reiterated this neutral stance in a different context : “ As a pastor , my job is to encourage , to support .
I never take sides . ”
Warren did say he believed that abortion was “ a holocaust . ”
He knows as well as anyone that in a case of great wrong , taking sides is an important thing to do .
I would go further .
When you build the platform , put out the chairs , advertise the event , set up the audio system , introduce the speaker , and hand him the mic , it ’s disingenuous to claim that you are not taking sides .
Rick Warren was significantly responsible for building Martin Ssempa ’s influence in Uganda , and releasing a statement that he had “ severed contact with Mr. Ssempa ” two years ago is not an adequate reaction to Ssempa ’s efforts to incarcerate and kill gay people .
The truth is that while Rick Warren speaks of loving gay people , he does n’t care if they are executed in Uganda for being gay .
Or , at least , he does n’t care enough to make the slightest effort to stop it .
I guess his life is “ driven ” by some other “ purpose ” .
Click here to see BTB \ ’s complete coverage of recent anti-gay developments in Uganda .
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Remarkable slow - motion footage has been taken of two lizards that seem to do the impossible - walk on water .
A high - definition film , shot at 2,000 frames per second , shows a brown basilisk lizard running across the surface of a pond in Belize .
More footage shows how a species of gecko is so tiny that it can walk across a puddle without breaking the water 's surface tension .
These amazing feats are captured for the BBC natural history series Life .
The group of animals known as basilisk lizards commonly lives along the edge of rivers running through rainforests , eating small insects among the foliage .
Because they run so fast they create a bubble as their feet hit the water and then they push off from this bubble before it bursts
Life assistant producer Simon Blakeney
The lizards need to bask in the sun to warm up each day , which leaves them vulnerable to being caught by predators , such as large birds of prey hunting from the air , or carnivores such as cats living on the jungle floor .
So the lizards have evolved an extraordinary escape mechanism .
They drop into the water and then run across it , earning the lizards their nickname , the " Jesus " or " Jesus Christ " lizard .
Exactly how they do so is revealed by the slow - motion , high - definition footage taken at 2,000 frames per second .
" Because they run so fast they create a bubble as their feet hit the water and then they push off from this bubble before it bursts , " says Simon Blakeney , a producer on the Life series who helped direct and film the footage of both reptiles .
" They can only run at that speed .
If they were going any slower , for example , they would n't stay upright , they would slip into the water and would have to swim . "
Mr Blakeney and his colleagues filmed brown basilisk lizards ( Basiliscus vittatus ) running across ponds and rivers in the rainforest in Belize , around 60 km from Belize City .
Capturing the footage of the animals in action proved tricky .
" Around 80 % of the time when they are escaping from things , they do n't run , they swim .
So filming them running was quite a difficult thing in itself . "
The lizard has long thin toes that are covered by scales underfoot .
These help create the air bubbles that enable the lizard to push off and walk across the water .
Scientists had also previously established that basilisk lizards produce massive sideways forces in their running stride , which , perversely , help them stay upright .
Slowing the action of the film to 1/80th of its real - life speed reveals the true spectacle , says Mr Blakeney .
" As the water lifts up it makes this incredible trail of splashes behind it , like a pebble dropping into the water .
" Then the lizard has already gone out of frame because they are so fast . "
Float like a gecko
Another lizard , a tiny species known as a pygmy gecko , faces a different problem altogether .
At just 2 to 4 cm long from head to tail , the Brazilian pygmy gecko ( Coleodactylus amazonicus ) could be battered by a raindrop and risk drowning in even the smallest pool of water .
So it has evolved to be essentially waterproof , which in turn allows it to walk across the surface of any puddle it encounters .
I 've never seen anything like that to be honest
Life assistant producer Simon Blakeney Mr Blakeney 's team encountered the remarkable gecko near a place called Aripauna , on the edge of the Amazon in Brazil .
With the help of expert Dr Gabriel Skuk of the Federal University of Alagoas based in Maceio , Brazil , the team filmed the geckos surviving in the leaf litter on the forest floor .
" They do n't really use water as an escape response , because even if they are trying to escape from something a puddle looks like a lake to them , " says Mr Blakeney .
" Because they are so tiny , they are able to float on the surface of the water like a pondskater , so they do n't break the surface tension .
" I 've never seen anything like that to be honest . "
The geckos have hydrophobic skin which repels water just like a waterproof jacket .
One hypothesis put forward by scientists , says Mr Blakeney , is that as the geckos became smaller , they needed to evolve a way to float , to avoid drowning when it rains .
The water - walking lizards can be seen on the BBC series Life , which is broadcast at 2100BST on BBC One on Monday 19 October .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Our office has the resources to help you and your family financially survive while your case is pending an outcome .
Many other firms do not have this self - financing capability , which means they turn to other sources that often charge hefty interest rates that come out of your recovery .
At Blake Jones Law Firm LLC , we handle everything in - house .
Our clients never pay interest charges on any advancements , which means you walk away with more money when your case is finalized .
The Economy : Dinosaurs Will Die
Welcome to Radio Ecoshock .
This week ’s program is about schizophrenia : the state of hoping the system will crash before it kills the planet , while counting on all the usual creature comforts of home , jobs , and a well - stocked supermarket .
Yes , I know the Western world is hanging in suspension .
We ’re waiting for the shopping to resume , for the economy to rebound , for the good life to return .
Most politicians and the mainstream press promise that it will all go back to the normal process of chewing up and spitting out the last of the planet ’s goodness .
Meanwhile we go to movies like 2012 , slurping up scenes of the destruction of everything .
Part of our secret selves hopes it all goes down in flames , or floods .
Even while we worry about our children having a decent life .
You see how it goes ?
I know you are worried about the economy .
Maybe even your own job or home is at risk .
Despite the propaganda , we ’d be crazy not to worry about it .
I ’ve been told the general formula for every speech and radio program goes as follows : we paint the grim picture , but always , always end on a positive note .
Give humans solutions , or they ’ll just go numb and do nothing .
Sorry .
This week we violate the rules .
Lately Radio Ecoshock has run a series about greening our cities .
A couple of listeners have written back , saying cities can never be sustainable , as Derrick Jensen says .
Have I fallen into the camp of false good cheer ?
We ’ll start out with one of the most promising solutions I ’ve heard about lately – a dream of new economics coming from a British government advisor , Professor Tim Jackson .
He ’s got a new book out “ Prosperity Without Growth “ .
Then we ’ll head into more pessimistic territory with Dave Cohen , an analyst for ASPO , the Association for the Study of Peak Oil and Gas .
Having written the American Empire is now obviously in decline , Cohen asks “ Now What ? ”
We talk more about the economic crisis , Wall Street bull ( and bears ) – and the energy crisis .
Along with James Howard Kuntsler , and our recent guest Richard Heinberg , Cohen says normal consumption is never coming back .
We might as well prepare ourselves for very hard times .
We ’ll trash smug Canadians a bit , since real estate north of the border is just as stupidly over - leveraged as the American market .
Then we ’ll notice Australia melting in the heat , while they push even more coal .
A big Canadian company has just bought into the dirty Aussie coal market .
Are n’t we proud ?
In the end , I wonder , is hope just getting in the way of dealing with the limits of reality ?
This show is peppered with audio clips , including shorties from Max Keiser , Jeff Buckley ‘s song “ The Sky Is A Landfill ” , Bob Holman ‘s “ We Are the Dinosaur ” , and of course ending with the show title “ Dinosaurs Will Die ” from NOFX .
We open with “ Times Is Hard ” by Loudon Wainwright III .
READ MORE
Men will need an injection in their bottom every two months Scientists are seeking couples to take part in a trial of a new contraceptive injection for men .
A team from Edinburgh University is involved in the World Health Organisation research into the jab .
The scientists claim it can give much better protection against pregnancy than condoms .
And it is hoped the work could help pave the way for such a form of contraception to become more widely available .
Researchers at the University of Edinburgh are hoping to recruit 20 couples from the south east of Scotland to take part in the study - which is being run by the World Health Organisation .
Fully reversible
The injections contain the hormones testosterone and progesterone , and are given to the men every two months .
Sperm counts fall rapidly , and when these are low enough couples taking part in the trial would use the jabs as their method of contraception for a year .
Scientists also stress that the effects of the injections are fully reversible .
Professor Richard Anderson of Edinburgh University 's reproductive and development sciences division said : " If this trial is successful I imagine there would be interest in looking at marketing the injection as a male contraceptive .
400 couples " Even if not all men would be keen on an injection , there would definitely be a market to make such a treatment available . "
The study will involve 400 couples from 10 centres across Europe , Asia , South America and Australia .
And Professor Anderson said : " This larger study is needed to add to the evidence as to how good these longer acting injections are and what couples think about it . "
The study is looking to recruit couples where the man is aged under 45 and the woman is under the age of 37 .
Those interested in taking part can email j.george@hrsu.mrc.ac.uk .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This past Friday , Intel and AMD announced a settlement in their acrimonious antitrust dispute , with AMD clearly coming out on top to the tune of $ 1.25 billion in cash and a host of concessions .
Both companies hosted conference calls that Friday morning , and later in the day the released excerpts from the agreement that makes up the non-cash portion of the deal , in which Intel agrees to a number of conditions that should make life much easier for AMD and its fab spinoff , GlobalFoundries .
A hard reset
" With this agreement , we are trying to reset the relationship between AMD and Intel , " said an AMD exec on the conference call .
And a hard reset it is , given what Intel has conceded .
The first thing that the two parties have agreed on is that Intel wo n't engage in the sorts of anticompetitive practices that were outlined in AMD 's suit and in the NYC Attorney General 's suit of the week before .
The lawsuits and Friday 's settlement go into specifics of the different types of proscribed behavior , but they all boil down to accusations of Intel strong - arming OEMs and ODMs into either not using AMD CPUs in their systems , or into severely handicapping their AMD - based products by launching them late or placing hard limits on the number of them that are shipped .
Intel allegedly had a variety of mechanisms for carrying out such strong - arming , some of which we 've described previously .
All of them involved either the granting or withholding of monetary inducements — i.e. , giving cash kickbacks ( dressed as rebates and other incentives ) to OEMs for playing along , or withholding money or technical help to OEMs who flirt with AMD a little too much .
The key point , according to AMD , is that " Intel will not be able to condition doing business with them on not doing business with us . "
To ensure that Intel toes the line and to keep these issues from spilling back over into the courts again , Intel and AMD have set up arbitration and audit mechanisms for checking compliance and resolving future disputes .
On the Friday conference call , Intel executives claimed that they had never done any of this alleged bad behavior to begin with , so it was no problem for them to agree not to do it going forward .
" We continue to believe that we 've not violated any laws or regulations in these areas , " said an Intel spokesperson .
" However , it makes a lot of sense for us to stipulate that we wo n't do things that we both agree are wrong ... from our side , we wo n't do those things , we have n't done those things , so there 's no difference carrying forward . "
And if it was n't clear that Intel plans to brazen it out and insist that it 's agreeing to refrain from activities that it never engaged in anyway , different executives repeated this line with varying levels of intensity throughout the call .
In the Q&A , a reporter from the Financial Times asked , " So this involves no changes at all in Intel 's behavior , full stop ? "
One of the Intel execs replied , " No changes at all . "
Intel is double - plus insistent that the only new thing that this agreement brings to the table are the compliance and arbitration mechanisms , which are , of course , in place to ensure that Intel does n't do what it has n't been doing , and thus they do n't really mean anything .
But no one should expect Intel to take any other position , because the chipmaker still has antitrust proceedings against it in progress , so any admission of guilt on its part would immediately bring the full force of the law down on it from the quarters where it 's still threatened .
Benchmarks and fabs
There are other components to the agreement besides the alleged inducements , and these are also important to AMD .
One of the clauses stipulates that Intel wo n't attempt to rig compilers and benchmarks — either Intel 's own or those of a third party — to " artificially impair " AMD 's chips .
Also critical for AMD are the licensing portions of the agreement .
AMD 's licensing agreement with Intel had previously forced GlobalFoundries to remain a " subsidiary " of AMD , or else the fab would lose its license to fabricate x86 - compatible processors .
Under the settlement , however , AMD can now fully and finally spin off GlobalFoundries as a completely separate entity , without having to worry that the new fab will lose AMD as a customer .
It 's a little late , but here 's hoping
The AMD that scored Friday 's victory is , in many ways , a shadow of the AMD of earlier years .
A combination of major execution missteps and the economic downturn have contrived to greatly weaken the AMD side of the merged AMD / ATI entity .
AMD has cut staff , gutted its R&D budget , thrown its promising Imageon line overboard , and generally behaved like a starving character in a Stephen King novel ( eating one 's own limbs and such ) in its recent effort to attain the barest sliver of profitability — $ 35 million in the green this past quarter , AMD 's first profitable quarter in years .
In short , over the course of the past two years , AMD has essentially retreated back into its core businesses — x86 server and desktop CPUs , and GPUs — and is now attempting to rebuild from there .
Before Friday 's settlement , their odds were passing slim .
But the company that opens its doors Monday has at least a fighting chance , if Bulldozer and Bobcat can deliver the goods in 2011 .
The Explorer
Managing Records in Python ( Part 1 of 3 )
by Michele Simionato
September 7 , 2009
Everybody has worked with records : by reading CSV files , by interacting with a database , by coding in a programmming language .
Records look like an old , traditional , boring topic where everything has been said already .
However this is not the case .
Actually , there is still plenty to say about records : in this three part series I will discuss a few general techniques to read , write and process records in modern Python .
The first part ( the one you are reding now ) is introductory and consider the problem of reading a CSV file with a number of fields which is known only at runt time ; the second part discusses the problem of interacting with a database ; the third and last part discusses the problem of rendering records into XML or HTML format .
For many years there was no record type in the Python language , nor in the standard library .
This is hard to believe , but true : the Python community has asked for records in the language from the beginning , but Guido never considered that request .
The canonical answer was " in real life you always need to add methods to your data , so just use a custom class " .
The good news is that the situation has finally changed : starting from Python 2.6 records are part of the standard library under the dismissive name of named tuples .
You can use named tuples even in older versions of Python , simply by downloading Raymond Hettinger 's recipe on the Python Cookbook :
$ wget http://aspn.activestate.com/ASPN/Cookbook/Python/Recipe/500261/index_txt
- O namedtuple.py
The existence of named tuples has changed completely the way of managing records : nowadays a named tuple has become the one obvious way to implement immutable records .
Mutable records are much more complex and they are not available in the standard library , nor there are plans for their addition , at least as far as I know .
There are many viable alternatives if you need mutable records : the typical use case is managing database records and that can be done with an Object Relational Mapper .
There is also a Cookbook recipe for mutable records which is a natural extension of the namedtuple recipe .
Notice however that there are people who think that mutable records are Evil .
This is the dominant opinion in the functional programming community : in that context the only way to modify a field is to create a new record which is a copy of the original record except for the modified field .
In this sense named tuples are functional structures and they support functional update via the _replace method ; I will discuss this point in detail in a short while .
To use named tuples is very easy and you can just look at the examples in the standard library documentation .
Here I will duplicate part of what you can find in there , for the benefit of the lazy readers :
>>> from collections import namedtuple >>>
Article = namedtuple ( " Article " , ' title author ' ) >>> article1 = Article ( " Records in Python " , " M. Simionato " ) >>> print article1 Article ( title= ' Records in Python ' , author= " M. Simionato " )
namedtuple is a function working as a class factory : it takes in input the name of the class and the names of the fields - a sequence of strings or a string of space - or - comma - separated names - and it returns a subclass of tuple .
The fundamental feature of named tuples is that the fields are accessible both per index and per name :
>>> article1.title ' Records in Python ' >>> article1.author " M. Simionato "
Therefore , named tuples are much more readable than ordinary tuples : you write article1.author instead of article 1 [ 1 ] .
Moreover , the constructor accepts both a positional syntax and a keyword argument syntax , so that it is possible to write
>>> Article ( author= " M. Simionato " , title= " Records in Python " ) Article ( title= ' Records in Python ' , author= " M. Simionato " )
in the opposite order without issues .
This is a major strength of named tuples .
You can pass all the arguments as positional arguments , all the arguments are keyword arguments and even some arguments as positional and some others as keyword arguments :
>>> title = ' Records in Python ' >>> kw = dict ( author= " M. Simionato " ) >>>
Article ( title , ** kw ) Article ( title= ' Records in Python ' , author= " M. Simionato " )
This " magic " has nothing to do with namedtuple per se : it is the standard way argument passing works in Python , even if I bet many people do not know that it is possible to mix the arguments .
The only real restriction is that you must put the keyword arguments after the positional arguments .
Another advantage is that named tuples are tuples , so that you can use them in your legacy code expecting regular tuples , and everything will work just fine , including tuple unpacking ( i.e. title , author = article1 ) , possibly via the * notation ( i.e. f( *article1 ) ) .
An additional feature with respect to traditional tuples , is that named tuples support functional update , as I anticipated before :
>>> article1._replace( title= " Record in Python , Part I " ) Article ( title= " Record in Python , Part I " , author= " M. Simionato " )
returns a copy of the original named tuple with the field title updated to the new value .
Internally , namedtuple works by generating the source code from the class to be returned and by executing it via exec .
You can look at the generated code by setting the flag verbose =
True when you invoke``namedtuple`` .
The readers of my series about Scheme ( The Adventures of a Pythonista in Schemeland ) will certainly be reminded of macros .
Actually , exec is more powerful than Scheme macros , since macros generate code at compilation time whereas exec works at runtime .
That means that in order to use macro you must know the structure of the record before executing the program , whereas exec is able to define the record type during program execution .
In order to do the same in Scheme you would need to use eval , not macro .
Verizon has gotten on the bad side of US Senator Amy Klobuchar ( D - MN ) , who publicly criticized the company this week for its decision to significantly jack up early termination fees ( ETFs ) for some customers .
Not only did Klobuchar send a letter to Verizon president and CEO Lowell C. McAdam calling the move " anti-consumer and anti-competitive , " she also wrote the Federal Communications Commission asking for a review of the decision .
Verizon has its reasons for the increase , however , and points out that customers are more than welcome to purchase devices at their full retail price with no threat of an ETF .
Verizon announced last week that , beginning November 15 , its early termination fees for customers buying " Advanced Devices " ( smartphones ) would double from $ 175 to $ 350 .
Every month that passes , that fee is reduced by $ 10 .
This means if you buy a Droid with a two - year contract with Verizon , but decide to switch providers after 12 months , you 'll find yourself shelling out $ 230 to Verizon for exiting the contract early .
In fact , if you cancel 23 months into the contract — one month before it 's over — you 'll pay $ 120 .
( That 's almost the entire old fee altogether . )
If you wait one more month , you 'll pay $ 0 .
( For reference , most other carriers charge around $ 200 for the early termination of a service contract , with many offering the same type of pro-rated fee schedule that Verizon offers for every month of completed service .
This even applies to high - profile devices like AT&T's iPhone and various BlackBerrys from different carriers . )
This decision rubbed many consumers the wrong way , but apparently none more than Klobuchar .
She 's behind the Cell Phone Consumer Empowerment Act , a bill that aims ( among other things ) to bring more transparency to the inner workings of the cell industry and keep early termination fees sane .
In her letter to McAdam , Klobuchar said she 's concerned that such high fees " unfairly penalize consumers , bear little to no relationship to the cost of the handset device , and are anti-consumer and anti-competitive , " and that the move only emphasizes why her bill needs to be passed .
Similarly , in her letter to the FCC , Klobuchar said that the FCC needed to investigate the competitive and economic impact of ETFs on consumers .
" Verizon Wireless ’ decision shows us once again that the wireless industry cannot police itself and will not , on its own , make its practices more competitive and consumer - friendly , " she wrote .
Verizon , for its part , defends the decision by pointing out that users can freely choose between being subject to ETFs or not .
" Verizon Wireless customers do not have to have an ETF at all if they do not want one .
ETFs allow customers to have it either way : no ETF with full retail for a device , or a greatly discounted device with an ETF , " Verizon General Counsel Steve Zipperstein said in an e-mailed statement to Ars.
Zipperstein added that many customers choose the subsidized model , allowing them to have easy access to new technology and encouraging wider adoption of mobile devices .
This is n't the first time such an argument has been made — AT&T said the same thing in 2008 when it faced the FCC over this very issue .
These arguments may all technically be true , but most people certainly do n't see it that way .
ETFs remain a thorn in the side of nearly everyone who has a cell phone , though the recent adoption of pro-rated fees has helped customers see the system as more fair .
When a carrier pulls a Verizon and decides to double the starting amount , though , those bitter feelings start to come back in full force , and this is n't likely to be the last we hear about Verizon 's decision .
Further reading :
VIDEO : Two longtime Cleveland Browns season - ticket holders organizing a protest over their disgust with the team met today with Cleveland Browns owner Randy Lerner .
Mike Randall and Tony Schafer have been urging fans to stay away from their seats for the opening kickoff of the Nov. 16 nationally televised game against Baltimore .
Randall , known as “ Dawg Pound Mike , ” planned to present Lerner with more than 2,000 printed e-mails he has received from Browns fans since announcing the “ walk - in ” protest .
He hoped to persuade the ultra-private Lerner to speak directly to Cleveland ’s disappointed fan base .
The tea baggers are taking their cues and shutting down our democracy - again .
They did it in 2000 .
Now they are doing it with healthcare reform .
They tell Chris Dodd to cmmit suicide .
They physically threaten dem congress persons .
Tonight we learn of death threats against Rep Miller of NC just for wanting to host a townall .
The police are involved and its deemed too dangerous to go on with t he event .
Tommorrow we have a chance to tell these people no !
These Right wing tactics are ones we know well .
My family learned them back in Europe .
In the 30s poltical discussion was shut down by thugs comming to potlical salons etc and by using threats and violence shut down their right to speak openly .
TOMMORROW IS THE PERFECT TIME FOR DEMS TO SAY NO TO THIS .
SPEAKER PELOSI AND REP POLIS ARE HAVING A PRESS CONFERENCE IN DENVER ON HEALTHCARE .
MALKIN HAS PUT UP THE RADAR AND IS URGING ALL BIRTHERS AND TEA BAGGERS TO SHUT DOWN THE SPEAKER .
IF YOU LIVE NEAR CO CAN U PLEASE HELP BY GOING TO LINKS BELOW AND ATTENDING THE EVENT ?
Recently by Ron Paul : What the Fed Has Done to Us
Listen to Ron Paul .
Click the play button below .
Healthcare continues to dominate the agenda on Capitol Hill as House leadership and the administration try to ram through their big government healthcare plan .
Fortunately , they have been unsuccessful so far , as there are many horrifying provisions tucked into this massive piece of legislation .
One major issue is the public funding of elective abortions .
The administration has already removed many longstanding restrictions on abortion , and is unwilling to provide straight answers to questions regarding the public funding of abortion in their plan .
This is deeply troubling for those of us who do not want taxpayer dollars funding abortions .
Forcing pro-life taxpayers to subsidize abortion is evil and tyrannical .
I have introduced the Taxpayer ’s Freedom of Conscience Act ( HR 1233 ) which forbids the use of any taxpayer funds for abortion , both here and overseas .
The most basic function of government is to protect life .
It is unconscionable that government would enable the taking of it .
However this is to be expected when government oversteps its constitutional bounds instead of protecting rights .
When government supercedes this very limited role , it cannot help but advance the moral agenda of whoever is in power at the time , at the expense of the rights of others .
Free people should be left alone to follow their conscience and determine their own lifestyle as long as they do not interfere with other people doing the same .
If morality is dictated by government , morality will change with every election .
Even if you agree with the morality of the current politicians and think their ideas should be advanced , someday different people will inherit that power and use it for their own agendas .
The wisdom of the constitution is that it keeps government out of these issues altogether .
End the Fed Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.12 Buy New $ 8.53 ( as of 10:10 EST - Details )
Many say we must reform healthcare and treat it as a right , because that is the moral thing to do .
Poor people should not go without healthcare in a just society .
But too many forget the immorality of stealing from others in order to make this so .
They also forget the morality and compassion that naturally exists in communities when government is not fomenting class warfare with wealth redistribution programs .
Many doctors willingly volunteer , accept barter or reduced payment from patients who ca n’t pay , or give away services for free .
Many charities help the poor with food , housing and healthcare .
These charities are much more responsive and accountable for helping people in need than government ever could be .
This is the moral way that private individuals voluntarily deal with access to healthcare , but government intervention threatens to pull the rug out from this sort of volunteerism and replace it with mandates , taxes , red tape , wealth redistribution , and force .
The fact that the national healthcare overhaul could force taxpayers to subsidize abortions and may even force private insurers to cover abortions is more reason that this bill and the ideas behind it , are neither constitutional , moral , nor in the American people ’s best interest .
See the Ron Paul File
Audio Book
July 28 , 2009
The Best of Ron Paul
By Michael Bristow
BBC News , Beijing
Activist Huang
Qi has spent a decade fighting for people 's rights Chinese activist Huang Qi has been sentenced to three years in prison for " illegally holding state secrets " .
Mr Huang was arrested after helping families whose children died during the earthquake in Sichuan in May last year .
The activist 's wife , Zeng Li , said the verdict was " revenge " for his involvement in the earthquake cases .
Amnesty International said Mr Huang was a victim of China 's " vague " state secrets laws and should be released immediately .
The verdict was delivered at a 10 - minute hearing at Wuhou District People 's Court in the city of Chengdu - although there were few details given about the charge .
School buildings collapsed
The activist 's wife and mother were allowed to enter the court to hear the sentence , the maximum jail term for this crime .
Zeng Li said : " This is clearly revenge because he helped parents who lost their children during the Sichuan earthquake . "
She said any government information that her husband had was freely available to the public .
Mr Huang was taken by the police in Chengdu in June 2008 and has been held in custody ever since .
He was giving advice to the families of five dead children who wanted to bring a legal case against the local authorities following the earthquake .
In some places schools were the only buildings to collapse and many believe this was because they were shoddily built .
China 's central government denies the accusation .
This is clearly revenge because he helped parents who lost their children during the Sichaun earthquake
Activist 's wife Zeng Li " The Chinese government is penalising someone who is trying to help the victims of the Sichuan earthquake , " said Sam Zarifi , Amnesty International 's Asia Pacific director .
" Huang Qi should be treated as a model citizen , committed to the rule of law , but instead he has fallen victim to China 's vague state secrets legislation . "
Amnesty said the activist had been treated badly while in custody and denied proper medical help .
" According to local sources , the police interrogated Huang Qi for many hours at a time , sometimes depriving him of sleep , " said the rights group .
Huang Qi has championed the rights of ordinary people for a decade and has been previously been prosecuted .
He served a five - year sentence for " inciting the subversion of state power " in connection with material published on his website .
He is not the only activist to investigate the Sichuan schools issue - and not the only one to be prosecuted for his efforts .
Tan Zuoren called for volunteers to travel to Sichuan to compile a list of pupils who died when their schools fell down .
He was tried in August and is awaiting the verdict .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
September 17 , 2009 – New York City is the marijuana arrest capital of the world , which makes it harsh terrain for seriously ill patients who rely on medical marijuana for relief .
An effort is under way to legalize medical marijuana in New York and remove sick people from the drug war battlefield .
Unfortunately , three of the biggest TV stations in New York City do n’t want you to know about it .
ABC , FOX , and CBS affiliates all refused to run ads in support of protecting medical marijuana patients .
This is the message they do n’t want you to hear :
Kevin Smith , M.D. , of Saugerties , who appears in the second spot and who suffers severe pain from a genetic disorder known as ankylosing spondilitis , was angered by the stations ’ rejection of the ads .
“ As a patient whose well - being would be dramatically improved by the medical marijuana bill , I am appalled that these TV stations wo n’t even let us tell our stories to their viewers , ” Smith said .
“ These stations are out of touch with the public , 76 percent of whom support protecting patients . ”
These are seriously ill patients fighting for compassion and equality .
To silence them is an act of appalling cruelty and ignorance .
Whatever petty political considerations might motivate these TV stations to censor the medical marijuana debate are trivial compared to the real human suffering that will continue if patients are denied the opportunity to speak up .
Medical marijuana is supported by 76 % of New Yorkers , so to suggest that there ’s anything inherently offensive about airing that viewpoint is just pure fiction .
According to MPP ’s Bruce Mirken , CBS stated that they rejected the ad because they ’re “ concerned about viewer reaction . ”
Really , CBS ?
Is there anything objectionable about the idea of not arresting people with auto - immune disease ?
The most likely “ viewer reaction ” is that people will agree to support legislation that protects patients from arrest .
Please help us show these TV stations that their censorship is what ’s offensive , not the effort to protect seriously ill patients .
Click to contact ABC , FOX , and CBS and let them know that silencing patients is both politically and morally wrong .
Source .
Source .
In natural selection , it is genes that enable their owners to leave more surviving progeny that become more common .
The idea that natural selection can favor groups , instead of acting directly on individuals , is highly controversial .
Though Darwin proposed the idea , the traditional view among biologists is that selection on individuals would stamp out altruistic behavior ( the altruists who spent time helping others would leave fewer children of their own ) far faster than group - level selection could favor it .
But group selection has recently gained two powerful champions , the biologists David Sloan Wilson and Edward O. Wilson , who argued that two special circumstances in recent human evolution would have given group selection much more of an edge than usual .
One is the highly egalitarian nature of hunter - gatherer societies , which makes everyone behave alike and gives individual altruists a better chance of passing on their genes .
The other is intense warfare between groups , which enhances group - level selection in favor of community - benefiting behaviors such as altruism and religion .
A propensity to learn the religion of one ’s community became so firmly implanted in the human neural circuitry , according to this new view , that religion was retained when hunter - gatherers , starting from 15,000 years ago , began to settle in fixed communities .
In the larger , hierarchical societies made possible by settled living , rulers co-opted religion as their source of authority .
Roman emperors made themselves chief priest or even a living god , though most had the taste to wait till after death for deification .
“ Drat , I think I ’m becoming a god ! ” Vespasian joked on his deathbed .
Religion was also harnessed to vital practical tasks such as agriculture , which in the first societies to practice it required quite unaccustomed forms of labor and organization .
Many religions bear traces of the spring and autumn festivals that helped get crops planted and harvested at the right time .
Passover once marked the beginning of the barley festival ; Easter , linked to the date of Passover , is a spring festival .
Could the evolutionary perspective on religion become the basis for some kind of detente between religion and science ?
Biologists and many atheists have a lot of respect for evolution and its workings , and if they regarded religious behavior as an evolved instinct they might see religion more favorably , or at least recognize its constructive roles .
Religion is often blamed for its spectacular excesses , whether in promoting persecution or warfare , but gets less credit for its staple function of patching up the moral fabric of society .
But perhaps it does n’t deserve either blame or credit .
If religion is seen as a means of generating social cohesion , it is a society and its leaders that put that cohesion to good or bad ends .
Editor ’s Note : Robert Zimmerman has been a Democratic National Committee member since 2000 .
He is a partner at Zimmerman / Edelson Inc. , a marketing , advertising and public relations firm based in New York .
Robert Zimmerman
CNN Political Analyst
While renowned political pundits , journalists and media stars will try to analyze and spin the " national trends " of the Virginia and New Jersey elections for governor , the controversial and closely watched 23rd Congressional District in upstate New York really does tell a national story , and the results will have a profound impact through the 2010 midterm .
This election began with the Republican candidate , Assemblywoman Dierdre " Dede " Scozzafava , as the strong front runner over the Democratic candidate , Bill Owens , and Conservative candidate , Doug Hoffman .
That certainly was not a shock to anyone knowing this Congressional District , which is larger than the state of Vermont .
In fact , the last time this region chose a member of Congress who was not a Republican , they elected a Whig !
Let 's face it , we are talking about serious voting traditions in this Congressional District .
Then the radical national right - wing movement arrived .
Former Vice Presidential candidate Sarah Palin of Alaska led the way , followed by Governor Tim Pawlenty of Minnesota ; Dick Armey , the former House majority leader from Texas ; former Senator Fred Thompson of Tennessee ; Glenn Beck ; Rush Limbaugh ; and many others whose conduct and rhetoric brought historic defeats to the Republican Party in 2006 and 2008 .
In keeping with the right - wing agenda of defeating moderate Republicans , the leadership was very clear about its goals .
" The No. 1 victory will be to defeat Dede , " stated Marjorie Dannenfelser , the leader of a group to elect candidates who oppose abortion .
She has been joined by leaders of the National Organization for Marriage ( translation : against the rights of gays and lesbians ) and , of course , the tea- bagger movement .
Yes , their vitriol and attacks did have an impact .
Dede Scozzafava withdrew her candidacy as her numbers collapsed .
The conservative candidate gained momentum and even the endorsement of the Republican Party .
However , the conduct of these right - wing demagogues is also bringing together moderate Republicans , Independents and Democrats .
Republican Dede Scozzafava endorsed the Democrat Bill Owens .
The Watertown Daily Times , which serves Northern New York's
Jefferson , Lewis and St. Lawrence counties , switched from endorsing Scozzafava to Owens .
In its endorsement , the Watertown Daily Times stated about the Conservative Republican candidate , " It is frightening that Mr. Hoffman is so beholden to right - wing ideologues who dismiss Northern New York as parochial when people here simply want to know how Mr. Hoffman will protect their interests in Washington . "
Although New York 's 23rd Congressional District is tough for a Democrat , the real story of this election is how this rural region in upstate New York launched a national movement .
They have put aside their partisan labels and are standing up to the tactics and message of the extreme right - wing .
President Barack Obama campaigned with a pledge to change the partisan tone and conduct of Washington , D.C.
The record number of citizens who are standing up to Sarah Palin , Glenn Beck and the extreme right wing in this rural upstate New York Republican Congressional District are helping him keep that commitment .
Sun-Sentinel report , in full :
U.S. Rep. Robert Wexler , who represents Broward and Palm Beach counties , plans to resign from Congress .
He plans to announce his plans at a news conference Wednesday at 10 a.m. in Boca Raton . , A Democratic source with knowledge of Wexler 's plans said he is likely to take a public policy job that deals with the Middle East .
Wexler , a senior member of the House Foreign Relations Committee , has long been involved in issues involving Israel and Turkey .
Politico is hinting that he's not going to USAID , but might instead be heading a project at Center for American Progress .
Not too much information yet .
Anyone want to get the mid-term replacement guessing game started ?
[ UPDATE - 8:15 by JR ]
Counter to other sources , Foreign Policy is reporting that Wexler is going to a job within the administration , and that it is n't USAID :
" The White House is keeping a tight lid on this one , but it 's definitely not USAID , " one well placed congressional source said .
( Gotta love those anonymous sources with juicy quotes , dontcha ? :) )
And , just FYI , Obama has still not named an ambassador to Israel , leaving Bush pick James B. Cunningham in the post .
Hmm ...
[ UPDATE 2 - 8:20 by JR ]
The Washington Independent is also hearing buzz about the ambassadorship to Israel .
This I will miss :
[ UPDATE 3 - 8:31 by JR ]
The Sun-Sentinel provides a rundown of some likely candidates to replace Wexler when the Special Primary gets underway :
Ceasar and others expect lots of participants in that match .
“ I would n’t be surprised if you ’ve got 10 people tonight investigating it , ” said state Sen.
Jeremy Ring , D - Parkland .
“ This could be a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity . ”
Ring said he ’s considering a race .
State Sen .
Ted Deutch , D - Boca Raton , mentioned by Democratic activists as a likely candidate , declined to discuss his thoughts until after Wexler makes his announcement .
Broward Mayor Stacy Ritter , a former state representative , said she would consider running .
[ UPDATE 4 - 9:15 by JR ] Miami Herald now has a story up .
A reminder : in addition to his years in Congress advocating for Israel , Wexler was Obama 's lead adviser on Israeli issues during the campaign and was a very vocal advocate for Obama with Jewish voters .
An ambassadorship to Israel would be fitting given his obvious expertise and his role during the campaign .
It would also make the " Fire - Breathing Liberal " the most prominent Ambassador to Israel we 've had in ages , possibly ever .
[ UPDATE 5 - 10:30 by JR ]
Ben Smith at Politico says that a Miami Herald reporter has Tweeted that Wexler will " become director of Center for Middle East Peace and Economic Cooperation founded by Slim Fast Foods Chair Dan Abraham . "
Not nearly as cool as Ambassador to Israel , and it leads one to wonder who the " well placed Congressional source " that Foreign Policy quoted was , and why they invoked the White House in their story .
The plot thickens .
Have you ever felt like you could n't hear God anymore , or that you may have lost that connection with Him ?
I 've always gone through ...
Transgender Man Posed as 15 - Year - Old Boy , Cops Say Authorities look at Web site on pedophiles that may explain grifter 's motives .
Oct. 14 , 2009  --
He is known as Jack Stones on his Facebook page , and authorities said he used that alias last Friday when he tried to enroll as a 15 - year - old freshman at Marion High School in Illinois .
But by the following Monday , suspicious school officials had called the FBI and learned that Jack was born Jennifer May , and was actually 24 - year - old Jack Jay Kaiser , a California woman in the midst of switching her gender to a man .
Today , Kaiser is being held in Williamson County jail on $ 20,000 bail , charged with lying to officials at the Illinois Department of Children and Family Services about his age and about having been abandoned or homeless .
" It 's really sketchy , " said Marshall Stone , supervisor special agent for the FBI 's Springfield , Ill. , unit .
" We were initially involved because we were concerned if he was a trafficking victim and needed to be identified . "
Now authorities are looking at a Web site created to research the " identities and pursuits " of pedophiles that may contain information about Kaiser .
" We are still investigating all aspects of this case .
If warranted , more charges could be filed , " said special federal officer Eric Breeze , who is working with the FBI Cyber Crimes Task Force assigned to this case .
The site , Wikisposure , came to light after local ABC affiliate WSIL - TV reporter Rachel Gartner reported on the story , and was alerted to it by a viewer .
Wikisposure , which is part of Perverted Justice , a nonprofit group that targets alleged sexual predators , described a 24 - year - old Jennifer " Jack " Jay Kaiser who was transgender and used the online name " Lyrical Cancer , " and who allegedly had associations with pedophile groups .
Gartner passed on the information she found on the site to the FBI , who said some of what was there matched what they were learning about Kaiser .
" A lot of the information on that Web page about that person is the same information we have about Jack Kaiser , " said Breeze .
" Especially that he was born female and was in the process of transgender and legally changing to Jack Kaiser . "
" It 's crazy , " said Breeze , who said others in the task force , which handles child predator and computer intrusion crimes , likened the case to an episode of " Law & Order : Special Victims Unit . "
FBI Calls Transgender Case a Local Matter for Now
But for now , the FBI will not comment further on the case and insists it is being handled as a local matter unless there is a federal violation involving exploitation of children .
The public defender assigned to Kaiser 's case received the file Tuesday and was not available to discuss it with ABCNew.com .
Authorities said the incident began Oct. 9 when Kaiser -- calling himself Jack Stones -- and an older man identified as a professor from a local college attempted to enroll the youth as a high school freshman .
But school officials immediately became suspicious and kicked off safety protocols used in cases of noncustodial parents .
" An associate professor from a local university brought in a person who he passed off as a 15 - year - old male , " said Marion District Superintendent Wade Hudgens .
" He had no forms , no birth certificate , Social Security number or anything .
Our guidance counselors pay very close attention to these things to make sure people are who they say they are . "
The boy had indicated on the school forms that he was a female transitioning to a male , Hudgens said .
The counselor notified Hudgens , who said he decided to stall while they investigated the identity of Jack Stones , scheduling a placement test Monday at their alternative high school .
" While they did the testing , I was running Facebook and MySpace trying to find somebody under that name , " he told ABCNews.com .
There he found two aliases , both Kaiser and Stones , and more red flags went up , he said .
" When the counselors interviewed him , his responses were not typical of a 15 - year - old , " Hudgens said .
" The person just snapped off answers that were fairly full of detail , almost like the answers were practiced .
Usually , you get ' I do n't know ' or ' just because . ' "
When asked , the pair gave school officials telephone numbers from where Kaiser had attended school in Sacramento , Calif. , two or three years ago .
The number was " no good , " according to Hudgens .
Transgender Student Attended Junior High When He Was ' 21 or 22 '
But when they eventually reached the school -- a junior high -- they confirmed that Kaiser had attended eighth grade as a male .
Later , police determined he had been " 21 or 22 " at the time , he said .
" They were shocked , " he said of the school district when they learned Kaiser was transgender .
" I was determined this was not right -- either someone in town was playing a cruel joke or the boy was probably an older person , " the superintendent said .
" He actually looked older than a freshman or even a senior . "
Kaiser stood about 5 feet , 10 inches tall , and weighed more than 200 pounds , Hudgens said .
" They were desperately trying to get this person enrolled in school and were told he was behind on credits , " Hudgens said .
" We told them if he attended he would start out in the extension center , but they adamantly wanted him to be at the main high school by Christmas .
We kind of laughed here .
If he came in with zero credits , he would n't catch up in six months . "
School officials stalled again , telling the pair that test results would take some time , and they notified the FBI , the superintendent said .
The FBI notified Marion police , who at first believed Kaiser was homeless .
He was put in protective custody , and the local resident who had accompanied the boy to school was appointed as his temporary guardian , according to Marion Detective T.J. Warren .
During background checks , police learned that the person who called himself Jack Stones had been born Jennifer May and legally changed her name to Jack Jay Kaiser in 2002 in Oregon , he said .
" Basically , the way he explained it to me is that he had quit school when he was a freshman and wanted to get an education , but with his history he did n't know what to do , " said Warren , who admitted this case was " a first . "
Transgender Man Posed as 15 - Year - Old Boy , Cops Say
A spokesman for IDCFS declined to comment on the case .
" Nobody died or was criminally charged with child abuse , " spokesman Kendall Marlowe said .
" So under Illinois law , I am unable to respond to any inquiries . "
There have been conflicting reports about the relationship between the professor and Kaiser .
" In a sense , he did pose as a parent , " Hudgens said .
" He said he had made contact with the Department of Children and Family Service to try to gain guardianship . "
Warren said both were " cooperative " during the interview , and the professor indicated he had no knowledge of Kaiser 's past .
The professor told ABCNews.com that he was a victim of Kaiser 's lies .
He said he met " Jack Stones " at a robotics convention last July and was contacted online by the young man .
" Over a couple of months , there were e-mails back and forth , " he said .
In the e-mails , the professor said , Kaiser claimed he had abusive parents who were human traffickers and he had been homeless , beaten with iron pipes in shelters for being transgender .
The professor said Kaiser asked him for help .
" I found an incredible kid , who had a vision to go to school and college and he drew me in , " he said .
" I became really involved and emotional with it .
My plan was to work through the courts and get custody . "
When police told him Kaiser 's identity , he said , " I was floored .
All that night and next day I was disoriented .
I feel like I was rescuing this kid . "
While local police said the professor was not currently under investigation , the FBI said it was looking further into the association between the two men .
Kaiser is scheduled to appear in court for a preliminary hearing Oct. 26 .
All involved said the case was unusual .
" I have been in this business 35 years and first time I 've seen anything like it , " Hudgens said .
" What I am so pleased about is the staff never got excited , never got blown away by anything and went step by step through their procedures and the procedures worked . "
ABC Information Specialist Brad Martin contributed to this report . "
My father was a geek before being a geek was cool .
He taught me the ways of the geek , and fully instilled the geek spirit in me .
As I grew older I knew that when I had kids , I would share the same geek wisdom my father shared with me .
Things do n't always go according to plan .
I love my son very much , but he never wanted to be a geek .
At three years old I sat him next to me in front of the television to watch episodes of Doctor Who and Star Trek .
Instead of paying attention , he plopped down on the floor and started playing with his Hot Wheels .
By age 6 I began to get worried , he showed no interest in science fiction or fantasy literature .
I tried to read him The Lord of the Rings , but he kept falling asleep .
Our pediatrician said he was n't retarded , but I was n't so sure .
I tried every trick I knew to try to get him to appreciate geek culture , reverse psychology , positive reinforcement , waterboarding .
Nothing would work .
He was one stubborn six year old .
By the time he had reached his teen years , I had given up .
He went outside and played football with the neighbor kids while I sat in the basement painting my miniatures .
I would do some role playing and pretend he was there sitting next to me .
" Are you sure you want to use that red on your Halfling rogue ?
It would be harder to stealth around with such a bright color on your cloak , " I said to the empty chair .
Eventually , he grew up and left for college , and the distance between us grew deeper .
Imagine my surprise when I received an email from my now college junior saying he had discovered this brand new game called World of Warcraft .
He started playing it to impress a girl , but really enjoyed it .
He said he was sad we did n't talk that much any more and wondered if I wanted to join him playing the game .
We could use technology to reconnect .
Related News CSftGS : Two Brothers CSftGS : Homecoming CSftGS : Best Renunion
Ever I told him , " Yes " with more excitement in my voice than I expected .
He said he had a 30th level Night Elf druid on the Arthas server and gave me his character 's name .
I told him , " That 's perfect , I 'll meet you on the server tonight . "
You can only imagine the depth of my joy as I spent four hours that evening corpse camping the little fucker with my 72nd level Tauren shaman .
Horde ftw !
Story Options : Related Share Print
Department Highlights UBC programming teams place 1st , 4th , and 14th
in ACM International Programming Competition , Pacific NW Division
For the third year in a row , a UBC programming team has proven to be the programming demons to beat among top university Computer Science Departments in Canada and the U.S in the Pacific Northwest Region .
Handily beating out teams from Stanford , Berkeley and SFU , the three members of the winning UBC team were joined by two other UBC teams who took fourth and 14th place respectively among more than 45 teams in the region .
SFU captured the second place spot tying with UBC to complete 9 of 10 questions but were no competition when it came to the amount of time it took for them to do that - trailing the UBC team by more than 300 minutes on the scoreboard .
The top place team heads to San Antonio Texas and the World Finals in April 2006 to face stiff competition from approximately 75 - 80 other top teams from around the world .
in ACM International Programming Competition , Pacific NW Division Deadline to Apply to UBC for Fall 2006 Entry : Deadline : February 28 , 2006
Meet the new Department head .
Find out more about our new 20 - month , second Degree program .
High school students , attend our Discovery Forum and IMAX Events .
Got a question about admission ?
Please call 604 822-3061 between 8:30 and 4:30 pm PST
Visit our News Page : http://www.cs.ubc.ca/news/.
Bug Description
Binary package hint : openssh - server
All child processes of openssh - server inherit the oom_adj value of - 17 which makes the unkillable in low memory situation .
Any user logged into the machine via ssh can cause a kernel - panic by creating a process that simply consumes memory .
I have reported this before for Hardy ( Bug # 293000 ) .
Upstream Debian fixes were shipped in Intrepid , Jaunty has the problem again .
Please fix openssh to degrade child processes to a higher oom_adj value .
* The products included in The New York Times Holiday Gift Guides are selected solely at the discretion of New York Times editors and writers .
Links to retailer sites are provided as a convenience for readers of NYTimes.com and do not represent an endorsement of any store or brand .
Earlier this year I had a lot of fun using run-time instrumentation and analysis to tackle a variety of program analysis problems .
In doing so I became curious about static solutions to the common problems encountered during dynamic analysis .
One of the most obvious issues is that you can only examine those paths that you can execute and thus you need to find some way to drive a program through different paths before you can do any kind of analysis .
The flip side of that is that you are guaranteed that any path you analyse is valid and so false positives in that regard are avoided .
With those experiences in mind I decided to try my hand at purely static analysis recently ( recently as in August , I suck at finding time to document stuff apparently ) .
Static analysis has a large variety of sources of error and annoyances of its own but for certain bug classes it seemed like a purely static approach could find some interesting results with a tolerable level of false positives .
Before I started I considered a few different bug classes in terms of the strengths / weaknesses of static analysis .
Certain types of vulnerabilities that depend on the values in registers / memory locations are probably best avoided unless you have the time to either implement a hell of theoretical ideas that can limit the innaccuracy or have the time to sift through thousands of false positives .
The bug classes I decided to focus on were those that could generally be reduced to deviations from expected orderings of ‘ events ’ on a path .
Such bug classes include use of memory before initialisation , unchecked use of return values from functions , use after X vulnerabilities ( where X is an API call that marks an argument as supposedly unusable e.g. free ( ) or fclose ( ) ) and incorrectly ordered sequences of system calls .
Eventually I settled on looking for use - after - free vulnerabilities , although the code built to do that works for almost all the mentioned bug classes with a little extending .
( Before continuing I should mention exactly what assumptions and bounds I put on the work I wanted to do .
Firstly , I decided to do path insensitive analysis – that is I considered all paths through a control flow graph regardless of whether the path condition is satisfiable or not .
To do otherwise would have been extra work and for the vulnerability classes I was considering it did n’t turn out to be a big problem .
Secondly , I decided to do data flow analysis over both registers and memory locations .
Some static dataflow analysis ( I think binaudit ) only considers registers , but in my opinion that misses out on a lot of useful information available at practically zero cost .
For instance , if we are doing taint analysis and eax is tainted then after mov [ ecx + 44 ] , eax ; I consider the abstract location denoted by the literal [ ecx + 44 ] to also be tainted .
It remains in the tainted set until the ecx register is untainted but up until that point it is usable as a source of information .
Thirdly , this project was basically just to give me a taste of the practical side of static analysis so spending a month implementing dataflow analysis for the entire x86 instruction set was out of the question .
As a result I implemented the data flow analysis for a small subset of the instruction set I considered to be most relevant to the bug classes considered and wrote a conservative default for all other instructions .
That is , for any instructions not specifically considered I make an attempt to guess only their destination operand .
The effective result of this is that for such instructions the destination will be removed from whatever analysis I ’m doing .
This potentially introduces false negatives but also frees up about a month of my life . 😉
Fourthly , when considering loops I only expanded them for one iteration .
I have n’t thought too much about the implications of this as there did n’t seem to be a better method without investing time into implementing a bounded loop unwinding technique .
It would seem like it might introduce false positives but in my testing I did not encounter anything that could be directly traced back to this weakness .
It ’s hard to tell if that was due to my small test set , the characteristics of the vulnerabilities I was considering or that my conservative data flow analysis hid the potential false positives .
Fifthly ( at this point I ’m wishing I ’d used 1 , 2 , 3 … ) , I inititally aimed at intraprocedural analysis and then tacked on some interprocedural fun at the end .
I ’m quite happy with how my interprocedural hackery worked out but there are probably better ( and more time consuming ) ways to do it . )
Finding equivalent variables
When doing static analysis you can essentially start at any address that suits the problem at hand .
This allows us to divide our algorithm for finding use - after - free bugs into two parts ( well three actually , but more about that later ) .
The first part of the algorithm is to decide at a free call what memory locations and registers we want to consider free’d .
We want to know all variables that contain pointers to the memory location about to be free ’d so that we can consider a use of any of these variables to be a bug .
The most common theoretical framework for this problem is called use - def analysis and is common in compiler theory .
In such an analysis we take a variable use ( e.g. the push of whatever variable is to be free ’d ) and compute all its definitions at that point by traversing backwards over all paths to that point .
We then want to apply this function recursively over all the definition variables we have found , treating them as uses .
By modifying the standard use - def algorithm we can do this to find all variables equivalent to the free ’d variable .
In my implementation as I traverse the paths backwards from a free call to find definitions I maintain a list of all locations that are used as destination operands in instructions i.e. they are rewritten before the free call .
I will refere to this as the cleared Vars list .
So , if we are looking for the definition of a variable x and it is found at an instruction mov x , y ; we know y is equivalent to the free ’d variable if and only if y is not a member of cleared Vars .
Regardless of whether y is in cleared Vars or not we then apply our use - def algorithm to find its definitions with the same considerations .
This iterative approach is continued until all paths leading to the free call have been analysed and we are left with a set of variables equivalent to the argument to free .
The following snippet of Python code will hopefully help the explanation .
It shows the logic applied to the destination operand of a mov instruction .
if dst in state [ ' needDefList ' ] : src = insDataFlow.getSrcFor(dst ) state [ ' needDefList '].append ( src ) if src not in state [ ' cleared Vars ' ] : if src not in self.equivVarList : self.equivVarList.append(src ) state [' needDefList'].remove(dst ) state [' clearedVars '].append(dst )
When finding the set of equivalent variables we can generally avoid many sources of false positives in static analysis by accepting false negatives .
The main source of false positives I encountered ( that were n’t caused by my lack of coding talent ) derived from considering paths with unsatisfiable conditions .
So at this point we have an algorithm for computing a set of equivalent variables given a starting point and a source variable .
In case it is n’t obvious , I should point out that the equivalent variables along each path should be stored separately .
Otherwise it becomes an avoidable source of false positives in the next part of our algorithm .
Finding use - after - free instances
Most of the work for this algorithm is in the previous stage .
Once we have computed the equivalent variables per backwards path we are ready to look for uses of these variables in an unsafe context .
We also use the data flow information from each instruction to add / remove variables from the set of locations we consider to hold pointers to free ’d memory .
For use - after - free vulnerabilities I considered unsafe use to be any instruction that used the free ’d pointer in the computation of a memory address .
( I also extended eventually this definition to include any instruction that pushed a free ’d pointer to the stack ) .
Checking for such a condition is relatively simple .
For each instruction we just iterate over all base registers used in computing the pointer and determine if it is in the set of variables we know to hold free ’d pointers or not .
def checkInsForFreeVarUse( self , ea , dst , src , state ) : for op in ( dst , src ) : if isinstance ( op , TaintLoc_MEMREF_REGS ) : # Usage e.g. mov [ ebp+10 ] , eax ; and ebp is a free 'd var for usedReg in op.regs : if usedReg in state [ ' freedVars ' ] : self .b00 m ( ea , usedReg )
In my code the TaintLoc_MEMREF_REGS class represents an operand that is a memory location constructed using at least one register .
The objects src and dst are the source and destination operands for a given instruction ( a single source and destination suffices for the instructions instrumented in this case ) .
That is basically the bones of an algorithm that can operate within the bounds of any function containing a call to free ; this is useful in its own right but as I thought about it I began to consider cases where a function may free one of its arguments .
This could be a problem in two ways :
1 ) The programmer using the API call is unaware of this functionality , or forgets , or 2 ) The function should not free the argument and that it does is a flaw in its implementation .
The latter case is more interesting in my opinion but the same approach will detect both .
Function aliases and interprocedural analysis
There is probably some other name for what I ’m about to describe but let ’s call it a ‘ function alias ’ for now .
True interprocedural analysis of a function f containing a call to free would involve relatively complex analysis of the relationship between non-local variables in f and the variables defined at the call sites of f .
Doing this properly is non-trivial but we can perform a more limited analysis with much less effort .
The type of interprocedural analysis I implemented begins with searching for aliases to the API call that we are using as the starting point for our algorithms .
For use - after - free bugs this is the free function .
Let us consider this trigger function as a tuple ( f , n ) , where f is the function in question and n is the argument we consider to be free ’d or closed or whatever the action we are interested in happens to be .
An alias for a function ( f , n ) is then a function ( g , m ) such that calling the function g with the variable x as argument m results in a call to f with x as argument n .
If we are provided with one or more aliases for ( f , n ) we can then apply the exact same analysis algorithm as described in the previous sections to find interprocedural bugs .
The question then becomes how do we build such a list ?
The answer is pretty simple at a high level – say we are in a function g and analysing a call to the function f that free ’s its nth argument .
Our first algorithm will build the set of variables equivalent to the nth argument to f , let ’s call it E .
If any of g‘s arguments are in this set then we know ( g , m ) is an alias for ( f , n ) where m is the index of that variable .
The only tricky part of this is tracking the function arguments to g. IDA takes care of this for us and renames memory locations automatically using an identifier similar to arg _X but if using another framework you may have to do that yourself .
( This turns out to be trickier than you might think , a description of how the simplex method is used in IDA can be found here . )
Righty , so at this point we can take any function and compute its aliases .
For maximum fun we apply this recursively to find aliases for aliases and so on , applying our basic analysis algorithms to each discovered alias in turn .
That basically sums up the details of my approach .
I used it to look for use - after - free bugs but with varying amounts of effort it could be changed to look for all sorts of fun stuff .
Testing
I tested my implementation ( ~850 lines of Python using IDAPython as a framework ) on libxml2 , which has a history of use - after - free bugs , Clam Antivirus , which has a history of sucking and TightVNC , because the name makes me giggle .
The following table summarises the results of my rather brief and unscientific testing .
Both libxml2 and Clam AV came up good for a few bugs each and multiple aliases for free .
Some of these aliases were obviously on purpose with names like cl_engine_free , whereas others were more difficult to determine .
All three results found in Clam AV were as a result of analysis on an alias function so it is possible that this function has unintended side effects .
For libxml2 the bugs were split , two resulting from direct calls to free and two resulting from a call to an alias function .
Despite its giggle inducing name , TightVNC showed no bugs and , disappointingly , not even an alias to free .
For both libxml2 and Clam AV the false positives were as a result of paths with unsatisfiable conditions .
Conclusion
In the above table I ’ve purposely used the term ‘ bugs ’ instead of ‘ vulnerabilities ’ .
The reason for this is the same reason that I ’ve now moved on to investigating hybrid dynamic / static implementations .
Finding a bug using static analysis of the type I have described gets you a location in a binary where some broken coding idiom occurs .
This is useful in its own right and all valid bugs detected during my testing are concrete paths leading to use of a dangling pointer .
From an offensive point of view we must consider the issue further though .
Without more analysis you have no idea how to trigger this code or even if it is triggerable in a malicious fashion .
In fact , as soon as you get over the initial rush of ‘ oh look , a shiney new bug ’ you quickly realise you have a mountain of work to actual exercise that code , let alone craft an exploit .
From a defensive point of view none of this really matters , the code is incorrect regardless and should be fixed but from an exploit writers point of view discovering the bug in this fashion merely puts your shoes on .
You still have a marthon to run in order to get to an exploit .
module
module
( It is acknowledged that there are proponents of this view , as well as detractors and those indifferent -- e.g. in the thread [ 15 ] . )
Before detailing the perils of the module function , we 'll note that the choice of whether or not to use the module function is more than just a personal choice , but it affects other authors .
It is quite easy for a Lua module author to avoid writing module calls .
Indeed , this function is never required for defining modules , as it is just a simple helper function that wraps common behaviors that themselves are required by neither Lua nor the other much more useful parts of the Lua 5.1 module system such as require . [ * A ]
However , since modules often use other modules written by other authors who themselves might have used the module function , and the module function causes global side - effects , its effects are not entirely avoidable by choice and without modifying the implementation of those other modules .
In practice , the use of the module function is somewhat common , likely because the module function is included in the Lua standard libraries , presumably as a convenience and standardized best practice for module definition , and a number of official or reputable Lua sources , such as the Lua Reference Manual [ 2 ] and Programming in Lua ( PiL ) [ 3 ] encourage the use of the module function and even suggest it is a good one .
Therefore , new users quickly become accustomed to using the module function .
The usual way to define a module with the module function is like this :
module (... , package .
seeall ) local function test ( n ) print ( n ) end function test1 ( ) test ( 123 ) end function test2 ( ) test1 ( ) ; test1()
end
and it is used like this :
require " hello.world " require " anothermodule " hello.world.test2 ( )
There are two main complaints presented on the module function , which are both seen if anothermodule is defined like this :
module (... , package.seeall ) assert ( hello.world.hello.world.print == _G .print ) assert ( hello ~= nil )
First , the global namespace is accessible by indexing the module table ; second , hello is visible in this module even though it was not requested by it .
The first complaint it is less inherent to the module function but rather due only to the package .
seeall option .
package .
seeall allows a module to see global variables , which are normally hidden since the module function replaces the current environment of the module with a local one .
What package .
seeall does is muck with the metatable of the module 's environment to fallback to _G .
This allows not only the module itself it access _G , but the variables in _G also become part of the module 's interface .
Among various things , the behavior of exposing the global environment through the module table could be detrimental to sandboxing ( see SandBoxes ) , and these variables might be used accidentally , but more glaringly it 's just plain weird .
Luckily , package .
seeall is only a convenience option and can be avoided as such :
local _G = _G module (...) function test ( ) _G .print ( 123 ) end
or
local print = print module (...) function test ( ) print ( 123 ) end
Those are a bit awkward , but there may be other more syntactically pleasing ways to avoid it , such as by recognizing that the module table and the module environment table need not be the same ( e.g. see ModuleDefinition -- " Module System with Public / Private Namespaces " ) .
We wo n't go into further detail on this first point .
The second points is that the module function has the side effect of creating global variables named in ways the programmer does n't fully control .
On executing module ( " hello.world " ) , the function creates a table named " hello " in the global environment ( the initial global environment , not the current environment set through setfenv ) , and stores the module table under the key " world " in that table .
However , if any of those variables already exist ( e.g. someone else placed them there ) , the function raises and error , which at least provides some level of safety .
The behavior of the module function can best be understood with the following representation of it in Lua taken from Lua Compat [ 4 ] ( the real version is in loadlib .c ) .
local _LOADED = package .
loaded function _G .module ( modname , ... ) local ns = _ LOADED [ modname ] if type ( ns ) ~= " table " then ns = findtable ( _G , modname ) if not ns then error ( string .
format ( " name conflict for module ' %s ' " , modname ) ) end _ LOADED [ modname ] = ns end if not ns .
_NAME then ns ._NAME = modname ns ._M = ns ns._PACKAGE = gsub ( modname , " [ ^. ] * $ " , " " ) end setfenv ( 2 , ns ) for i , f in ipairs ( arg ) do f ( ns ) end end
The problem results since we have different modules maintained by different people writing to the global environment .
Furthermore , an application using those modules may be writing to the global environment as well .
Due to information hiding , [ 5 ] the modules and the application should have no knowledge of the internal workings / implementation of those modules - - nor , possibly , even the names of the modules those modules require .
The result is that a program lacks control over which global variables get set .
Various types of this problem that result from this are illustrated below .
In the following examples , we will as a convenience define modules inline rather than in separate files .
For example , rather than creating two files like such
module (...) function test ( ) return 1+2 end require " mymodule " print ( mymodule.test ( ) )
we will simply write
( function ( ) module ( " mymodule " ) function test ( ) return 1+2 end end ) ( ) ; print ( mymodule.test ( ) )
Here is the first example :
( function ( ) local require = require local print = print local module = module module ( " yourmodule " ) ; ( function ( ) module ( " mymodule " ) end ) ( ) print ( mymodule ~= nil ) end ) ( ) ; print ( mymodule ~= nil )
As shown , loading modules like " mymodule " always populates the global environment rather than the current environment where the module is used .
This is the reverse of what is needed .
Many such module loads can fill the global environment with variables intended to be private .
Another problem is as Mark Hamburg notes [ 16 ] , putting modules into the global namespace hides dependencies .
Assume your program loads module " bar " and loading module " bar " also loads module " foo " .
Now module " foo " will also be available in the global namespace .
In your program you start using module " foo " from the global namespace .
If module " bar " now removes the dependency on module " foo " , it will also no longer be available in the global namespace and break your program .
It is not immediately apparent where foo in the global namespace came from , nor that it is actually a module ( that used to be a dependency of module " bar " ) .
The following two examples are related to each other :
function test ( ) return 1+2 end ( function ( ) module ( " mymodule " , package .
seeall ) ; ( function ( ) module ( " test.more " ) function hello ( ) return 1+2 end end ) ( ) end ) ( )
and
( function ( ) module ( " test " ) function check ( ) return true end end ) ( ) ; ( function ( ) module ( " test.check " ) function hello ( ) return 1+2 end end ) ( ) ;
As seen , package names and regular variable names conflict .
The module function does detect and raise an error if a global variable it 's overwriting already exists .
That 's what we want , right ?
Well , this also means that it 's particularly indeterminant whether loading a module will succeed since the module may load other modules whose names ( and names of its members ) we might not know and that conflict with global variables .
As a side note , in some other languages ( e.g. Perl ) , variables and package names are maintained in separate namespaces and so are prevented from conflicting . [ * 3 ]
It 's also noteworthy , that the module naming conventions affect if and how names conflict .
For example , Java package names [ 6 ] are conventionally prefixed by a ( unique ) domain name under the author 's control , which is verbose but provides a mechanism to avoid conflict .
In Perl , CPAN provides a central naming registry to prevent conflicts , and modules with the same prefix indicate a common function rather than a common maintainer ( e.g. " CGI " [ 7 ] and " CGI : : Minimal " [ 8 ] are maintained independently by different authors , and " CGI : : Minimial " is not stored inside the " CGI " table ) .
( function ( ) module ( " mymodule " , package .
seeall ) ; ( function ( ) module ( " test.more " ) function hello ( ) return 1+2 end end ) ( ) function greet ( ) test.more.hello( ) end end ) ( ) ; function test ( ) mymodule.greet ( ) end test ( )
Here , the program inadvertently overwrites a global variable set by the module function .
The module function does not detect this .
Rather , there is program failure ( possibly a silent one ) when a module that depends on this global variable attempts to access this variable .
( function ( ) local require = require local module = module local print = print local _P = package .
loaded module ( ' yourmodule.two ' ) ; ( function ( ) module ( ' mymodule.one ' ) end ) ( ) print ( _P [ ' mymodule.one ' ] ~= nil ) end ) ( ) ; local _P = package .
loaded print ( _P [ ' mymodule.one ' ] ~= nil )
Storing modules in the global environment is in fact somewhat redundant since they are also stored in package .
loaded ( though without creating nested tables for the periods in the module name ) .
~~~
The problems above can be avoided by not using the module function but instead defining modules in the following simple way : [ * 1 ] [ * 2 ]
local M = {} local function test ( n ) print ( n ) end function M.test1 ( ) test ( 123 ) end function M.test2( ) M.test1( ) ; M.test1 ( ) end return M
and importing modules this way :
local MT = require " hello.world " MT.test2 ( )
Note that the public functions are clearly indicated with the M. prefix .
Unlike when using module , the global environment is not visible though the MT table ( i.e. MT. print == nil ) , the hello . world table has not been exported ( or polluted ) to the global environment but is rather a lexical , and modules with the same prefix ( e.g. hello.world.again ) would not alter the hello . world table .
In the client code , the module hello . world can be given a short abbreviation local to that module ( e.g. MT ) .
The approach also works well with DetectingUndefinedVariables .
This is great .
The one complaint is that public functions need to be prefixed with M. in the module itself , but then the other solutions are often proposed introducing their own problems and complexities , such as package .
seeall noted above .
It does not particularly hurt to be explicit with M. ( two characters ) , especially when code size gets larger .
A related note on C code : The luaL_register [ 9 ] function in C is somewhat analogous to the module function in Lua , so luaL_register shares similar problems , at least when a non-NULL libname is used .
Furthermore , the luaL_newmetatable / luaL_getmetatable / luaL_checkudata functions use a C string as a key into the global registry .
This poses some potential for name conflicts -- either because the modules were written by different people or because they are different versions of the same module loaded simultaneously .
To address this , one may instead use a lightuserdata ( pointer to variable of static linkage to ensure global uniqueness ) for this key or store the metatable as an upvalue -- either way is a bit more efficient and less error prone .
The module function ( and its ilk ) may introduce more problems than it solves .
-- DavidManura
Footnotes
[ *1 ] ( Advocates of the above style include RiciLake , DavidManura , others who have mentioned it on IRC , MikePall [ 17 ] [ 18 ] [ 19 ] , ... ( add your name here ) )
[ *2 ]
There has also been the suggestion to move the standard libraries in this direction [ 20 ] .
[ *3 ]
Example in Perl where modules and variables of the same name do not conflict :
package One ; our $ Two = 2 ; package One : : Two ; our $ Three = 3 ; package main ; print " $ One : : Two , $One : : Two : : Three " # prints 2,3
Additional Points
Many of the additional points below were taken from the Oct 2011 discussion on module [ 21 ] [ 22 ] .
Bundling
With modules defined using the module function , we can sometimes just concatenate them ( cat *.lua > bundle.lua ) if it 's desired to bundle them into a single file [ 21 ] .
However , this does not work in the general case :
module ( " one " , package .
seeall ) require " two " local function foo ( ) print ' one.foo ' end function bar ( ) foo ( ) two.foo ( ) end module ( " two " , package .
seeall ) function foo ( ) print ' two.foo ' end module ( " main " , package .
seeall ) require " one " one .bar ( )
A general solution , which works for modules both with and without module involves package .
preload as follows :
package .
preload [ ' one ' ] = function ( ) module ( " one " , package .
seeall ) require " two " local function foo ( ) print ' one.foo ' end function bar ( ) foo ( ) two . foo ( ) end end package .
preload [ ' two ' ] = function ( ) module ( " two " , package .
seeall ) function foo ( ) print ' two.foo ' end end package .
preload [ ' main ' ] = function ( ) module ( " main " , package .
seeall ) require " one " one . bar ( ) end require ' main '
A number of bundling utilities listed on the bottom of BinToCee utilize approaches like this .
Switching between private and public
One criticism placed on the " M " table style of module definition is that if a function definition in the module is changed from public to private then all references to that function must be renamed ( e.g. M.foo to foo ) [ 23 ] .
function M.foo( ) end function M.bar ( ) M.foo( )
end
A mitigating factor is that references to M.foo( ) are localized to the current module and may typically be relatively few in number .
The refactoring operation required here is also the same for when you want to rename a function , which you 'll need anyway .
Text editors can assist in this refactoring , and some editors with knowledge of the Lua language can also rename variables quite robustly .
In some languages , e.g. Python , private variables are informally differentiated from public variables with leading underscores , so the same criticism would apply .
One technique to avoid renaming is to keep all functions local , and insert any functions that should be public into the public table right after their definition :
local function foo ( ) end ; M.foo = foo
Some performance critical code does that anyway for the small performance advantage .
The triplicate use of foo in the definition is unfortunate , and workarounds to avoid this ( such as localmodule in ModuleDefinition or token filters ) are likely not worth it .
Finally , note that changing a function from public ( table or global variable ) to private ( local variable ) may also require moving the function definition .
local variables , unlike table or global variables , are lexically scoped , so they must be declared ( or forward declared ) prior to use .
New users not versed in lexical scoping can be confused by this .
We can avoid this by declaring all variables ( public and private ) uniformly with either locals ( as in the example above ) or table / global variables ( as will be shown below ) .
The latter can involve a Python - like technique of prefixing private variables with underscores or using two tables :
local M = {} function M._foo ( ) print ' foo ' end function M.bar ( ) M._foo ( ) end return M
local M = {} local V = {} function V.foo ( ) print ' foo ' end function M.bar ( ) V.foo ( ) end return M
Neither of those addresses the problem , however , of needing to replace references when a function is changed from public to / from private .
We may also solve that problem by using a technique like this :
local M = {} local V = setmetatable ( {} , {__index = M} ) function V.foo ( ) print ' foo ' end function M.bar ( ) V.foo ( ) end return M
Now , we can always safely change a function from public to / from private by changing only one character in the file .
If we wanted to avoid some of the cruft , we could move some of it into the module loader so that modules need only be written as
function V.foo( ) print ' foo ' end function M.bar ( ) V.foo ( )
end
It may not be the tersest , but the differentiation between public and private scopes ( V/M ) is explicit .
Mechanism not Policy
" Despite our mechanisms , not policy  rule  which we have found valuable in guiding the evolution of Lua  we should have provided a precise set of policies for modules and packages earlier .
The lack of a common policy for building modules and installing packages prevents different groups from sharing code and discourages the development of a community code base .
Lua 5.1 provides a set of policies for modules and packages that we hope will remedy this situation . " -- The Evolution of Lua , http://www.lua.org/doc/hopl.pdf
" Usually , Lua does not set policies .
Instead , Lua provides mechanisms that are powerful enough for groups of developers to implement the policies that best suit them .
However , this approach does not work well for modules .
One of the main goals of a module system is to allow different groups to share code .
The lack of a common policy impedes this sharing . " -- http://www.inf.puc-rio.br/~roberto/pil2/chapter15.pdf
More recent clarification : LuaList:2011-10/msg00485.html
See also MechanismNotPolicy .
Prevalence of the use of the module function
The majority of pure - Lua modules in repositories currently use the module function :
LuaList:2011-10/msg00558.html - in LuaforWindows ? and LuaDist packages
LuaList:2011-10/msg00686.html - in LuaRocks
Use of " ... " in the module function
LuaList:2011-10/msg00686.html argues that it 's preferable for the name of the module to be explicitly specified in the module text so that it 's clear how to load it :
module ( " foo.bar " ) module (... ) local M = {} return M local M = {} ; M._NAME = " foo.bar " ; return M
On the other hand , this does n't make the package as easily relocatable .
Lua version compatibility
The Lua 5.1 module function can be used in Lua 5.0 via [ LuaCompat ] .
Lua 5.2.0 - beta has a compatibility mode , and furthermore " It is quite easy to write a ' module ' function in 5.2 , using the debug library .
( But it will not allow multiple modules in a single file , which is a kind of hack anyway ) " ( Roberto , LuaList : 2011-10/msg00488.html ) .
The " M " table style of module definition is also compatible in 5.0 , 5.1 , and 5.2.0 - beta .
_ENV is not supported directly in 5.1 , so its use can prevent a module from remaining compatible with 5.1 .
Maybe you can simulate _ENV with setfenv and trapping gets / sets to it via __index / __newindex metamethods , or just avoid _ENV .
Lua 5.2 module definition
In 5.2.0 - beta , you can just continue to use the " M " table style of module definition , and there are those that recommend it [ 24 ] .
On the other hand , some have suggested that in Lua 5.2 , modules will be written like this , using the new _ENV variable ( which largely supplants setfenv ) :
_ENV = module ( ...) function foo ( )
end
Some argue against new users needing to be aware of the obscure looking _ENV .
Although that might be avoided by having someone else set up _ENV when the chunk is loaded ( e.g. by require or the searcher function ) , others continue to argue that the module 's private environment and public tables should not be mixed , and there is no need for _ENV at all .
Fostering module development
The argument in LuaModuleFunctionCritiqued was that module has technical defects ( side - effects and obscure corner cases ) , which hinder a core property of modularity : composability .
In practice , this means that an application loading two different modules written by two different authors should not experience any surprising interactions between the two modules .
On the other hand , the " M " table style ( if properly used ) does not have these defects , due to its very simple semantics without side - effects ( formally , the module loader can often be thought of as a [ pure function ] in the functional programming sense ) .
Hisham has argued [ 25 ] that even though module has technical defects , these can largely be fixed and they are minor compared to its success in module promoting a more standard policy for module definition ( absent in 5.0 ) .
This success appears to be on a sociological rather than technical level .
module is said to have fostered code sharing and development of a community code base , and most modules in LuaRocks use module .
Moreover , the use of module ( which is a built - in keyword in some other languages ) has a concern self - documenting property , announcing the intention of the code ( I am a module , this is my name , and here are my public functions ) with minimal boilerplate .
We also all seem to agree than obscure boilerplate ( setfenv / _ENV things ) in modules is a negative for readability .
It can be argued , however , that some years after the introduction of the 5.1 module system , complaints are still heard with some frequency about the quantity , quality , and consistency of Lua modules , even for the basics like StandardLibraries .
There are other facts in play , and efforts like LuaRocks are addressing some of these areas , but the more difficult question is separating out whether module has helped or hurt and whether changes in 5.2 will help .
Given that a " standard library " like penlight [ 10 ] has removed module calls from its implementation [ 26 ] , it 's not apparent this has negatively affected anyone .
However , the fact that Lua 5.2.0 - beta has deprecated module , suggesting existing modules using it might no longer work without loading a compatibility function or rewriting has caused some concern [ 27 ] .
Mixing global and module namespaces
In putting globals ( e.g. print ) and module functions ( e.g. foo. print ) in the same namespace , as package .
seeall does , the module function may overshadow a global of the same name .
This is one reason some prefer to be explicit by giving module functions a unique prefix ( e.g. M.print ) .
This may also help readability in that it's obvious that M.print is a public variable exported from the current module and not a local , global , or imported package name .
Sometimes this type of prefixing is needed anyway in other parts of the code ( e.g. " self . " or " ClassName : " )
This explicitness also avoids any issues or overhead with merging the two namespaces with a metatable .
This practice does , however , introduce some repetition ( see " Switching between private and public " above ) .
A similar debate has occurred in the C++ community concerning things like " using std ; " [ 11 ] , which imports possibly conflicting names into the current namespace and therefore is safest to avoid .
Moreover , in C , there 's a common practice of prepending " g_ " or " s_ " to global or static variables ( and similarly to " m_ " for members in C++ ) , although intelligent IDE 's can mitigate some of the need for this .
Python and Perl name leakage
Python has an issue similar to package . seeall [ 23 ] :
-- bar.py import logging # logging is now available as bar.
logging
Perl can also have this issue :
package One ; use Carp qw( carp ) ; # carp is now available via One : : carp carp ( " test " ) ; 1
unless you avoid symbol imports ( and instead fully qualify names ) :
package One ; use Carp qw ( ) ; # carp is now available via One : : carp Carp : : carp ( " test " ) ; 1
or use [ namespace : : clean ] , [ namespace : : autoclean ] , or [ namespace : : sweep ] modules .
Python ( like Lua module ) imposes a relationship between the modules foo and foo.baz .
If your module loads foo and another module loads foo . baz , then baz will then be placed inside your module .
This likely accounts for why the Hitchhiker 's Guide to Packaging [ 12 ] suggests that the first part of the module name ( " foo . " ) be globally unique , and it seems that Python packages tend to share the same prefix only if they are managed by the same entity ( e.g. numerous , but not all , Zope packages / modules are under a " zope . " prefix ) .
The same guideline should apply to Lua in its current state .
Perl is not quite the same since you can have a package Foo with variable $ Foo : : Baz and another package Foo : : Bar , and these do not conflict since packages exist in their own namespace .
Perl does , however , share the following issue with Lua module :
# One.pm package
One ; sub test { } ; 1 # Two.pm package Two ; One::test ( ) ; 1 # main.pl use One ; use Two ; #
This succeeds as written but fails if the lines are later reversed
Global variables through package .
loaded
Require globally registers modules in package .
loaded .
So , regardless how modules are defined , you still have global access to loaded modules if you want it :
local L = package .
loaded ..... L[ ' foo.bar ' ].baz ( ) L.foo.bar.baz ( )
Doing this may be considered laborious :
local FBAR = require ' foo. bar ' local FBAZ = require ' foo.baz ' local FBUZ = require ' foo.buz ' ...
You may just accept it , or you could find ways to simplify it :
return { bar = require ' foo.bar ' , baz = require ' foo.baz ' , buz = require ' foo.buz ' }
or ways to automate it :
local _G = require ' autoload ' _G .foo.bar.qux ( )
The latter does not have problems with missing hidden dependencies since modules are always loaded on demand if needed .
On the other hand , module loading it not localized to the module loader function but rather can occur later wherever the module functions are used , which means that error detection may be delayed and usages of these functions may be more prone to fail ( e.g. module loading failure due to module not installed ) , complicating error handling .
There are ways this might be addressed though .
Defining Classes
A concern similar to standardizing module definition is standardizing class definition ( ObjectOrientedProgramming ) .
Moreover , some modules are also classes .
As an example , ratchet 's code [ 13 ] does something like this :
..... module ( " ratchet.http.server " , package .
seeall ) local class = getfenv ( ) __index = class function new ( socket , from , handlers , send_size ) local self = {} setmetatable ( self , class ) ..... return self end function handle ( self ) ..... end
If modules should utilize module , then we should ask if this is how class modules should be defined .
lua -l switch
The lua -l command line switch is not useful if it does n't have some side - effect .
With M - style modules in 5.1 , -l will at least create a variable in package .
loaded , but accessing that is long - winded , and the purpose of -l is typically for short - hand on invoking the interpreter ( after all , the same can be achieved via -e " require ..... " ) .
In 5.2.0 - beta , -l will create a global table using lua_pushglobaltable even for M - style modules .
The global variable created via lua_pushglobaltable may be longer than desired though , and you might instead want the effect of -e ' FB = " require ' mypackage.foo.bar ' " .
See the discussion LuaList:2011-11/msg00016.html .
If -l is used to create a global variable , should this be added to _G ?
or somehow limited to just the main program chunk ( e.g. the effect of - lfoo would be to add local foo = require ' foo ' or _ENV = setmetatable ( {foo = require ' foo'} , {__index = _ G} ) to the top of the main chunk ) ?
The latter is cleaner .
There was also a suggestion that -l should accept parameters [ 14 ] [ 19 ] .
Static Analysis
Modules defined with " M " tables , at least without metatables , even though they may have some variation in form , can be statically analyzed from first principles ( e.g. behavior of lexical variables and tables ) , as LuaInspect does [ 28 ] .
The 5.1 module function has more complicated semantics ( side - effects and metatable behavior ) .
Nevertheless , we can still infer meaning on a higher level , particularly if conventions are followed , as tools like [ LuaDoc ] have done .
Changes in 5.2 and suggestions for improving the module function may also affect this area .
Improving " module "
Some proposals for making module better rather than tossing it out are in the thread http://lua-users.org/lists/lua-l/2011-10/threads.html#00481 .
( TODO : post best recommendations here )
Other User Comments
Not using the module function means that by omitting the local keyword , it could be very easy to pollute the global environment ( which is bad , that 's the purpose of that article ) .
So we can improve the module function by changing the environment to something private ( that can inherit from _G ) and define in it the _M table ( as now ) that will contains the module public interface .
I also was concerned about these issues , and there is a tricky way to use the module function and not clutter the global environment .
There it is :
package .loaded [...] ={} module (... )
However this is not a solution to solve the global namespace being accessed through the module .
For that we would need a modified module function .
Hopefully in the next Lua release .
--MildredKiLya
" Not using the module function means that by omitting the local keyword , it could be very easy to pollute the global environment ( which is bad , ... ) " --
True , but unwanted global accesses are detectable prior to run-time using a method in DetectingUndefinedVariables , and I consider them errors that should be fixed .
Your approach using the module function might be done as follows , though this is going out of its way to circumvent the current behavior of the module function :
local _E = setmetatable ( {} , {__index= _G } ) local _M = {} package .
loaded [...] = _M module (...) _ E.setfenv( 1 , _E ) function _ M.test ( ) return math.sqrt ( 9 ) end test2 = 1 local m = require " mod " assert ( not mod ) assert ( m.test ( ) == 3 ) assert ( not test ) assert ( not test2 ) assert ( not m.print ) print ' done ' $ luac - p -l mod.lua | lua /usr / local /lua-5.1.3/test/globals.lua setmetatable 1 _G 1 package 3 module 4 test2 9 * math 7 -- DavidManura
See Also
Teddy Roosevelt ’s trust - busting crusade ultimately broke up Standard Oil .
Though Goldman did outlast three of its four major rival firms during last fall ’s meltdown , it is not a monopoly .
And there is one other significant way that our 21st - century vampire squid differs from Rockefeller ’s 20th - century octopus .
Americans knew what oil was , and they understood how Standard Oil ’s manipulations directly affected their pocketbooks .
Even now many Americans do n’t know what Goldman ’s products are or how it makes its money .
The less we know , the easier it is for reckless gambling to return to capitalism ’s casino , and for Washington to look the other way as a new financial bubble inflates .
Image Frank Rich Credit ...
Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
As Wall Street was celebrating last week , Congress was having a big week of its own , arousing itself to belatedly battle some of the corporate suspects that have helped drive America into its fiscal ditch .
The big action was at the Senate Finance Committee , which finally produced a health care bill that , however gingerly , bids to reform industries that have feasted on the nation ’s Rube Goldberg medical system .
At least health care , like oil , is palpable , so we will be able to keep score of how reform fares  win , lose or draw .
But the business of Wall Street , while also at center stage in a Congressional committee last week , is so esoteric that the public is understandably clueless as to what , if anything , the lawmakers were up to , if anyone even noticed at all .
The first stab at corrective legislation emerging from Barney Frank ’s Financial Services Committee in the House is porous .
While unregulated derivatives remain the biggest potential systemic threat to the world ’s economy , Frank said that “ the great majority ” of businesses that use derivatives would not be covered under his committee ’s much - amended bill .
It ’s also an open question whether the administration ’s proposed consumer agency to protect Americans from mortgage and credit - card outrages will survive the banking lobby ’s attempts to eviscerate it .
As that bill stands now , more than 98 percent of America ’s banks  mainly community banks , representing 20 percent of deposits  would be shielded from the new agency ’s supervision .
If it ’s too early to pronounce these embryonic efforts at financial reform a failure , it ’s hard to muster great hope .
As the economics commentator Jeff Madrick points out in The New York Review of Books , the American public is still owed “ a clear account of the financial events of the last two years and of who , if anyone , is seriously to blame . ”
Without that , there will be neither the comprehensive policy framework nor the political will to change anything .
The only investigation in town is a bipartisan Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission created by Congress in May .
It is still hiring staff .
Its 10 members are dispersed throughout the country , and , according to a spokeswoman , have contemplated only a half - dozen public sessions over the next year .
Such a panel , led by the former California state treasurer Phil Angelides , seems highly unlikely to match Congress ’s Depression - era Pecora commission .
That investigation was driven by a prosecutor whose relentless fact - finding riveted the country and gave birth to the Securities and Exchange Commission , among other New Deal reforms .
Last week , we learned that the current S.E.C. has hired a former Goldman hand as the chief operating officer of its enforcement unit .
That is a terrible , horrible , no good , very bad way to lose a playoff game .
Commenter SavetoFavorites : " Kinda curious how the best fans in baseball will welcome Matt Holliday back home after this one . "
[ Leitch 's Twitter ]
Advertisement
The Treasury Department wants more than $ 500,000 to comply with a Freedom of Information Act request , a fee an attorney on the case suggested Tuesday might be one of the largest bills of its kind .
" I have not seen one that has been larger , " said Noah Wood , a Missouri attorney suing the government to comply with his nearly four - year - old FOIA request .
The Treasury Department , Wood said , is " downright telling us where we can stick it . "
Wood wants the government to produce documents he hopes show where are perhaps millions of dollars of once - frozen assets of a former Libyan - backed company in the United States , which Wood says owes his law firm legal fees .
To that end , he is suing the government ( .pdf ) to comply with the FOIA request and to reduce the bill .
Still , the government wants Wood to pay $ 522,886 for the records .
The original tab was more than $ 26,000 , but after some revisions in what Wood was seeking , the government upped the ante – even though not all information sought would be forthcoming , according to the bill ( .pdf ) .
The monstrous tab , according to a Treasury Department internal audit ( .pdf ) , is about as much as the $ 527,000 the agency charged last year to process thousands of FOIA requests – recouping what the audit said was about 4.5 percent of its actual costs .
What 's more , Wood said a former Treasury Department official working with him notified the agency to the exact whereabouts of the information .
" We basically told them the exact file cabinet it was in , " Wood said in a telephone interview .
The government said it was charging the " commercial " rate of 20 cents per page plus staff costs , and said the fees could go higher .
Media and nonprofits usually are not charged .
The FBI , which also received a similar Freedom of Information Act request from Wood to acquire the same information on the Libyan - backed company – People 's Committee for Students of Libyan Arab Jamahariya – said it would charge $ 242.20 for 2,523 pages of documents , according to Wood 's lawsuit .
The documents , however , have not been forthcoming .
The assets of the company , which subsidized Libyans ' educations in the United States , were frozen in 1986 .
The freeze was lifted in 2004 , leaving Wood to trace the money trail .
See Also :
Maj Nidal Malik Hasan 's paralysis could be permanent , his lawyer says The US Army psychiatrist accused of murdering 13 people at Fort Hood is paralysed , his lawyer says .
Maj Nidal Malik Hasan , 39 , was shot by police during the incident at the Texas military base on 5 November .
Lawyer John Galligan told reporters his client had no feeling in his legs and doctors had told him the condition may be permanent .
Maj Hasan could face the death penalty after being charged with 13 counts of premeditated murder .
New information On Thursday , the military revised the number of people injured in the attack , revealing that a total of 43 people were wounded .
HASAN TRIAL PROCESS
Trial by court martial Jury comprising military personnel Verdict decided by secret ballot - two - thirds majority needed Unanimous vote required for death penalty
Q&A : Maj Hasan 's court martial Profile : Major Nidal Malik Hasan Shock and insecurity at Fort Hood Fears for Muslims in US army
Of those , 34 people received gunshot wounds , military investigators said .
It had been reported previously that 29 people and Maj Hasan had been injured , but more had come to light during the course of the investigation .
Police shot Maj Hasan four times , ending the gunman 's rampage through the base after an hour and a half .
It was reported at first that he had been killed .
' Extreme pain '
This was the first time Mr Galligan had been able to speak to his client , who is still in hospital in San Antonio .
" He understands who I am .
We can talk , " he said .
Police Sgt Kimberly
Munley had been praised for shooting the gunman " But I was only there for an hour and towards the end of the one - hour session , I could tell I was kind of pushing him in terms of my ability to keep him fresh and alert in a discussion with me . "
Mr Galligan added that Maj Hasan was suffering " extreme pain " in his hands .
Meanwhile , doubts have emerged over who exactly fired the shots that brought down Maj Hasan .
Earlier this week Police Sgt Kimberly Munley , 34 , appeared on the Oprah Winfrey show from her hospital bed where she was recovering from being wounded by Maj Hasan .
She said she had fired at the gunman .
But now Sgt Mark
Todd says he was the one who " neutralised " Maj Hasan .
" I drew his attention toward me , and then he opened fire and then I neutralised him and secured him , " Sgt Todd told CBS 's Early Show .
They were the first shots Sgt Todd had fired at a human being in his 25 - year career , he said .
' In the dark ' Mr Galligan said he was not pleased that his client had been charged by military authorities while he was in hospital , without his lawyers present .
" What I find disturbing is that my client is in ICU [ Intensive Care Unit ] , and he 's 150 miles south of his defence counsel , and he 's being served with the charges , " Mr Galligan told the Associated Press news agency .
" I'm in the dark and that should n't be the case .
I am mad . "
The civilian lawyer , appointed by Maj Hasan 's family , told reporters he did not yet know if the military prosecutors would seek the death penalty in Maj Hasan 's case .
He will ask the military court to appoint an additional military lawyer and a civilian investigator to work with him , he said .
The military have not ruled out filing further charges against Maj Hasan , prosecutors said .
A soldier killed in the attack was pregnant and charges could be brought over the unborn baby 's death , it was reported on Friday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Imagine that your favorite band is coming into town in a few months .
You rush to buy your tickets , and the months slowly wind down until the day of the concert .
You head to the arena and patiently sit through the opener until your band finally comes out .
They rock the house for about an hour , the lights raise , and the lead singer triumphantly lets you know that they ’re only doing six songs tonight because they ’re more productive that way .
They can do more shows in more locations if they cut their set list down to an hour .
Thanks !
Hope you enjoyed the show !
Parkinson ’s and “ Productivity ”
Parkinson ’s Law is a theory of productivity made wildly popular by Tim Ferris in The 4 - Hour Workweek .
I ’ll use his expression of the “ Law ” since I invoked his usage :
Parkinson ’s Law dictates that a task will swell in ( perceived ) importance and complexity in relation to the time allotted for completion .
His suggestion regarding Parkinson ’s Law : “ shorten work time to limit tasks to the important . ”
When I read the 4 - Hour Workweek ( 4HWW ) for the first time , his discussion of the 80/20 rule and Parkinson ’s Law really resonated with me .
And , in some senses , it helped me focus on cutting out wasted time and did , in fact , make me a bit more productive .
I now see things a lot differently , though , when it comes to “ work . ”
Meaningful Play — Old Concept , New Name
I ’ve talked about meaningful play in the past , but I called it “ productive play ” in previous posts .
Ironically , I ’ve received a lot of pushback about using the term “ productive ” ‘ in this way from two directions ; people who do n’t like the word “ productive ” did n’t like it being attached to play , and productivity fanatics did n’t like the word “ productive ” being applied to goals across the board .
Were it just for the fact that people did n’t like the term , I probably would have stood my ground , but the truth of it is that “ meaningful play ” captures the concept better and fits into some other things I ’m working on .
Meaningful play is just that state in which you ’re doing really meaningful and valuable stuff , but your orientation to it is not the same as your orientation to work precisely because it ’s much more enjoyable .
The Flow that comes from meaningful play is just as powerful as the Flow that comes from stress , but it ’s a more sustainable type of Flow .
Given my understanding of meaningful play , you can see why I think one of the major problems with the 4HWW is Tim ’s presentation of work .
For him , work is solely the stuff you do n’t want to do .
Sure , we all want to avoid doing stuff we do n’t want to do , but that ’s almost tautological .
Many of us are n’t trying to do less work as much as we ’re trying to do more meaningful play .
That said , to do some meaningful play , you often have to do some things you ’d rather not do .
For instance , I ’m not a big fan of inputting appointments in my calendar — but that ’s a discrete component of the process of connecting with clients and friends .
At the same time , connecting with clients and friends is part of the meaningful play I do , and the day I want to cut calls short because I do n’t want to do them is the day that I ’ll start figuring out how to stop coaching .
If you ’re doing the thing that makes you come alive , why would you want to limit the time you ’re doing it ?
If you understand that the end of creating art is to create art and you ’re doing it because you love doing it , then the goal is to spend more time in the process , not less .
You would n’t want your favorite band to cut their concert by two - thirds , so why would you cut your own concert ?
Time Crunching and Unhappiness
For ease of convenience , let ’s call Tim ’s suggestion “ time crunching . ”
What time crunching does is use time to constrain and channel focus .
However , using time crunching as a standard way to work has two negative and inter-related byproducts : 1 ) it reinforces the association of work with anxiety and negativity and 2 ) it short - circuits the creative process .
Meaningful play comes with a certain kind of stress on its own , and Tim ’s discussion of eustress gets that right .
Eustress is the positive stress that is part of the process of growth , change , and risk , and in that sense , eustress is a good guide for determining whether you ’re doing something that ’s making you come alive .
However , adding anxiety to your work by trying to crunch the time available for your meaningful play is adding a qualitatively different type of stress to your work .
What ’s particularly problematic is that it ’s easy to slip from eustress as a byproduct of meaningful play to distress as a result of anxiety and time compression .
Time Crunching and Stifled Muses
Which leads to the second way in which time crunching as standard practice is problematic : there is a relationship between decreased creativity and anxiety .
At a certain level of distress , the creative process is stalled because you ’re preoccupied by stressors .
For example , financial worries can become so powerful that your thoughts and feelings are devoted to managing the stress , which ironically can keep you from thinking about the ways you might work through those financial worries .
As a result , your preoccupation with the stress allows the stressor to perpetuate or worsen , so your preoccupation with the stress remains or increases , so the stressor perpetuates or worsens , and the cycle continues until a new condition , behavior , or thinking pattern manifests .
All the while , your creativity is tied up in managing stress rather than generating solutions .
While this may seem hyperbolic , consider your thought processes as you approached a stiff deadline — I ’ll bet a good deal of your psychic energy was spent on thinking about the deadline and what would happen if you missed it rather than on the work itself .
In other circumstances , distress and time crunching short - circuits the Incubation phase of the creative process .
Since you have come up with an idea in a short amount of time , those rich ideas that require some additional percolation stay on the back burner in favor of those simpler and more actionable ideas that can be generated in a short amount of time .
However , if every creative block is spent on quick - fire ideas , eventually the rich ideas lose their steam .
The result here is that you end up with a bunch of easy ideas , none of which qualitatively compare to the impact the richer ideas might have or , frankly , to the caliber of your intelligence and talent .
Big ideas can be scary .
They rarely present themselves quickly or in ways in which it ’s immediately obvious that they should be what you ’re working on .
It ’s hard enough to work through creative doubt and expansiveness , but when you add the additional constraints posed by time crunching , the real risk is letting go of the big ideas in favor of low - hanging fruit .
Instead of picking fruit , grow trees .
Time as a Container , Not a Constrictor
The odd thing about Parkinson ’s Law is that the observation is accurate but the reasoning behind it is either flawed or based on unnecessary assumptions about the nature of work .
Work expands to fill the time available for it because we do n’t allocate a dedicated time to focus on one thing at a time .
Without that time allocation , the work continually slides into the future , undone .
Note the difference between time boxing and time crunching — the former is about dedicating time to tasks with specific outcomes , whereas the latter is about compressing time ; time boxing is incredibly effective and sustainable .
The irony here is that whether we ’re directly or indirectly working on something , we ’re still working on it .
That work going on in the background impacts our ability to commit our full attention on the one task at hand .
Focus is a funny thing .
If you try to force yourself to focus , you can ’t .
If you do n’t give yourself time to focus , you wo n’t .
Try to do too many things at any given time and you ca n’t focus on any one of them .
And if you do n’t give yourself enough time to immerse yourself in a creative task , you ’ll resist focusing on it in the first place .
Time is not a tool to squeeze extra creativity and productivity out of your head — it ’s the container that holds the work we do .
Some work requires larger containers than others .
Sometimes we need to see that the container is temporary so that we complete the work in the time we have available .
What Tim downplayed was the fact that while he was transitioning between kickboxing , tango dancing , and dragon - slaying , he had time to come up with big ideas .
He took time to develop the ideas and write the very book that , on the face of it , advocates spending less time doing the things that make some of us come alive .
To his credit , he presented things the way he did because he knew it would resonate with a lot of people and increase the sales of his book , and I ’m quite sure that he knows all about meaningful play .
You might not like the work you do and you may be wanting to do less of that —
I just encourage you to think more carefully about how much of your time , attention , and energy you want to spend avoiding doing things instead of figuring out the right things to do .
Instead of trying to crunch time available for “ work ” so that you speed it up , focus on spending more time doing the stuff that helps you come alive and minimize or eliminate the rest .
Perhaps more fundamentally , though , recognize that meaningful work will always have components that are n’t as attractive as other components , but working through those less - attractive components is the cost of enjoying the meaningful ones .
You have to do some squeezing to get some juice — but just because you ’ll have to do some squeezing does n’t mean you should miss out on the juice .
PRODUCTIVE FLOURISHING >
MINNEAPOLIS --
The University of Minnesota is apologizing after its Goldy Gopher mascot poked fun at a Penn State football player who was praying before last week 's game .
A video made before Saturday 's game at State College , Pa. , shows Penn State defensive end Jerome Hayes kneeling in prayer in the end zone .
Goldy Gopher kneels in front of Hayes , according to the video posted on YouTube .
When Hayes stands up , so does Goldy .
The mascot tries to make some contact , but Hayes ignores him and trots back to the bench .
" When I got up , I could n't hear what he said , and he tried to shake my hand , " Hayes said of the incident , according to The Morning Call of Allentown .
" I was n't trying to have any part of that . "
According to the report , Hayes said he has seen video of the moment , and that he's not bothered by it -- although teammates have told him " the Gopher got the best of me . "
Minnesota spokesman Dan Wolter says the stunt was " plainly a mistake " and the mascot did n't intend to offend anyone or trivialize religion .
" On behalf of Goldy and the University of Minnesota , I want to apologize to the Penn State player involved and anyone else who may have taken offense from this incident , " Wolter said in a statement .
" We have reiterated to Goldy the importance of exercising appropriate religious sensitivity in the future . "
Penn State athletics spokesman Brian Siegrist had no comment Thursday .
Penn State won the game 20-0 .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
A victim of severe trauma who gets as little as a single unit of blood that ’s been stored for more than a month is twice as likely to die as an equally injured patient transfused with fresher blood , a study found .
Red blood cells stored longer than 28 days significantly increased trauma patients ’ risk of developing fatal deep vein thrombosis or multiple - organ failure for six months after transfusion , a team of pediatric intensive - care specialists in Connecticut reported Wednesday in the journal Critical Care .
The new study is the latest to raise concerns about rules governing the use of about 29 million units of blood transfused every year in the U.S.
The American Red Cross says donated blood has a “ shelf life ” of 42 days , after which it must be discarded if not used .
Two earlier studies -- one of a general hospital population requiring transfusion and a second of heart surgery patients -- found that transfusions of longer - stored blood resulted in poorer outcomes .
Advertisement
Hospital patients administered blood stored longer than four weeks were three times as likely to acquire an infection in the hospital than those who got fresher blood .
Heart patients infused with blood stored longer than two weeks were 64 % more likely to die than those whose red blood cells were more briefly in storage .
Hospitals typically use longest - stored blood first to avoid wasting the resource , but the new study ’s authors suggest that physicians consider “ preferential use ” of younger blood on the most critically injured trauma patients .
The result would probably mean more blood reaches its expiration date unused .
But lives could be saved .
--
Advertisement
melissa.healy@latimes.com
IPCC chairman Rajendra Pachauri accuses Indian environment ministry of ' arrogance ' for its report claiming there is no evidence that climate change has shrunk Himalayan glaciers
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
A leading climate scientist today accused the Indian environment ministry of " arrogance " after the release of a government report claiming that there is no evidence climate change has caused " abnormal " shrinking of Himalayan glaciers .
Jairam Ramesh , India 's environment minister , released the controversial report in Delhi , saying it would " challenge the conventional wisdom " about melting ice in the mountains .
Two years ago , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , the UN agency which evaluates the risk from global warming , warned the glaciers were receding faster than in any other part of the world and could " disappear altogether by 2035 if not sooner " .
Today Ramesh denied any such risk existed : " There is no conclusive scientific evidence to link global warming with what is happening in the Himalayan glaciers . "
The minister added although some glaciers are receding they were doing so at a rate that was not " historically alarming " .
However , Rajendra Pachauri , the chairman of the IPCC , told the Guardian : " We have a very clear idea of what is happening .
I do n't know why the minister is supporting this unsubstantiated research .
It is an extremely arrogant statement . "
Ramesh said he was prepared to take on " the doomsday scenarios of Al Gore and the IPCC " .
" My concern is that this comes from western scientists … it is high time India makes an investment in understanding what is happening in the Himalayan ecosystem , " he added .
The government report , entitled Himalayan glaciers ( pdf ) , looks at 150 years ' worth of data gathered from the Geological Survey of India from 25 glaciers .
It claims to be the first comprehensive study on the region .
Vijay Kumar Raina , the geologist who authored the report , admitted that some " Himalayan glaciers are retreating .
But it is nothing out of the ordinary .
Nothing to suggest as some have said that they will disappear . "
Pachauri dismissed the report saying it was not " peer reviewed " and had few " scientific citations " .
" With the greatest of respect this guy retired years ago and I find it totally baffling that he comes out and throws out everything that has been established years ago . "
In a remarkable finding , the report claims the Gangotri glacier , the main source of the River Ganges , actually receded fastest in 1977 – and is today " practically at a stand still " .
Some scientists have warned that the river beds of the Gangetic Basin – which feed hundreds of millions in northern India – could run dry once glaciers go .
However , such concerns are scotched by the report .
According to Raina , the mistake made by " western scientists " is to apply the rate of glacial loss from other parts of the world to the Himalayas .
" In the United States the highest glaciers in Alaska are still below the lowest level of Himalayan glaciers .
Our 9,500 glaciers are located at very high altitudes .
It is completely different system . "
" As long as we have monsoons we will have glaciers .
There are many factors to consider when we want to find out how quickly ( glaciers melt ) … rainfall , debris cover , relief and terrain , " said Raina .
In response Pachauri said that such statements were reminiscent of " climate change deniers and school boy science " .
" I can not see what the minister 's motives are .
We do need more extensive measurement of the Himalayan range but it is clear from satellite pictures what is happening . "
Many environmentalists said they were also unconvinced by the minister 's arguments .
Sunita Narain , a member of the Indian prime minister 's climate change council and director of the Centre for Science and Environment , said " the report would create a lot of confusion " .
" The PM 's council has just received a comprehensive report which presents many studies which show clear fragmentation of the glaciers would lead to faster recession .
I am not sure what Jairam ( Ramesh ) is doing . "
About me
I am a researcher on systems security .
My employer does n't necessarily share opinions stated on this blog .
Conventional printed circuit board .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
" If you open up almost any electronic gadget , you will see various elements that operating using electric circuitries , " Nader Engheta tells PhysOrg.com .
" Many of them have different functionalities , such as inductors , capacitors , resistors , transistors , and so forth .
These well - known elements have been around for decades .
But what if you could bring these concepts to the nanoscale , and what if they could operate with light instead of electricity ? "
Engheta , a scientist at the University of Pennsylvania , along with Andrea Alů , believe that it is possible to create a nanoscale circuit board that has the potential to be useful in communications .
Engheta and Alů describe their concept of an optical nanoscale circuit in Physical Review Letters : " All - Optical Metamaterial Circuit Board at the Nanoscale . "
" If you go to the nanoscale , " Engheta explains , " you would have to conceive of nanoparticles that effectively act like the elements seen in current devices .
It would be necessary to create nanoparticles of a specific shape , and made from specific materials , that would allow them to act as capacitors , resistors , and other well - known elements . "
There are three main advantages of using optical nanoparticle circuit boards , Engheta says .
First of all , being able to further miniaturize various communications devices would ensure that technology continues to evolve .
“ We are moving toward having more and more information compacted into a smaller volume . ”
The second advantage is that using optical frequencies would provide more bandwidth .
Finally , there is a very real possibility that nanoscale circuit boards , properly constructed , would use less energy .
“ We have to look more into this possibility , but it is quite likely that optical nanoparticle circuit boards would be low energy in nature , ” Engheta insists .
So far , Engheta and Alů have only used computer simulations to test their ideas related to nanoscale circuit boards .
The Engheta group is , however , working toward an experimental realization of their theories with a proof of concept for lumped circuit elements .
“ What we ’ve come up with is compatible with the nanofabrication techniques already in use today , ” Engheta says .
“ We are in the midst of trying to construct some nanowires to serve as our proof of concept for lumped optical circuit elements , and hopefully we ’ll see some results in the next six months or so . ”
One of the biggest challenges to realizing this type of nanoscale circuitry is that it is difficult to form the structures needed at such a small size .
“ Additionally , ” Engheta admits , “ we would have to put these structures next to each other in specific patterns .
This is doable , using present nanofabrication techniques , but not easy . ”
The fabrication process would include creating structures out of metamaterials and a process that imitates the electronic circuitry we are more familiar with .
“ One of our ideas is to cut a groove in the material , one that could contain the light used in the circuit board , to connect nanoparticles together .
It would be similar to the way wires connect various elements in electronic devices . ”
Once a proof of concept is realized for this circuit board , Engheta hopes to take optical nanocommunications to another level .
“ We are extending our concept to other elements that are non-linear , ” he says .
“ This could allow us to develop switches , opening the door to computation . ”
More information : Andrea Alů and Nader Engheta , “ All Optical Metamaterial Circuit Board at the Nanoscale , ” Physical Review Letters ( 2009 ) .
Available online : link.aps.org/doi/10.1103/PhysRevLett.103.143902
Copyright 2009 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further Penn Theorists to Create Optical Circuit Elements
At the closing bell on Monday , WWE 's stock was at $ 40.03 .
That is up $ 0.16 ( 0.4 % ) from Monday 's closing price .
You can check out this ...
Getting Ready to Move using Push and Pull
My wife and I have decided to move .
We originally picked our home location because it was equidistant between my work and my wife ’s work .
But I work from home now and my wife is retiring , so there ’s no longer a good reason to stay here .
Instead , we ’re going to be looking for a house that ’s closer to our grandkids .
We ’ve been living in our current house for sixteen years — that ’s the longest we ’ve ever lived in one place during our entire lives .
But there ’s a real downside to living in a single place that long :
During the next few months we ’re going to have to go through sixteen years of accumulated stuff and figure out what we really need .
I ’m a process person by nature , and so naturally my thoughts have gone to how I can set up a process to make this weeding - out challenge easier .
I ’ve mentally categorized my stuff , and I ’ve made some initial conclusions about how to deal with each category .
But in thinking about all this , it struck me that the main decision I have to make is whether I ’m going to use a “ push ” process , a “ pull ” process , or a combination of the two .
Push versus Pull
A push process starts with the stuff I have , and then pushes each item through a conceptual sieve , eliminating the things that are n’t as important and allowing only the truly important things to pass through to the new house .
A pull process , on the other hand , starts with the new house and defines all of the things that I will need .
Then the needed things are moved ( “ pulled ” ) to the new house , and everything else is sold off , given away or thrown out .
A Pull Process Example : Cleaning Out a Kitchen Utensil Drawer
The pull process is a little harder to understand , so let me give you an example .
All of you probably have a kitchen utensil drawer that has filled up with spatulas , whisks , pizza cutters , lemon zesters , vegetable peelers , shrimp deveiners and other random utensils .
If you ’re like most people , your drawer is so full that you occasionally have trouble opening and closing it .
Here ’s how to clean out that kitchen utensil drawer using a pull process :
Take everything out of the drawer and put it in a box .
Put the box someplace that ’s easy to access but out of sight — maybe under the sink .
When you need a utensil , look in in the drawer first .
If the utensil is not in the drawer , then take it out of the box and use it .
But after you ’ve cleaned the utensil , put it in the drawer instead of the box .
Initially you ’ll go to the box quite a bit for the utensils you need .
But after the first few days you wo n’t go to the box very often at all .
After several weeks , take the box and move it to someplace that ’s harder to access .
After several months or more , get rid of all the stuff in the box .
You obviously do n’t need it .
Now it ’s easy enough to apply this approach to a kitchen utensil drawer , but it ’s harder to do this with the entire contents of your house .
And it ’s especially difficult when some of the things are seasonal — we probably wo n’t need our swimsuits during the next few months before the move , but that does n’t mean we should throw them away .
So that means that I ’m having to do “ thought experiments ” along with my pull process .
I have to make a list of our seasonal activities , and then I have to imagine us doing those things so that I can see what stuff we need .
Conclusion
I ’m early in the getting - ready - to - move process , and I will undoubtedly learn more as I go along .
But ideally I would like to achieve the goal set forth by the English designer , William Morris : “ Have nothing in your house that you do not know to be useful or believe to be beautiful . ”
I ’ve got a long way to go .
Sidebar : Applying Push / Pull to IT and Management
Some Examples :
Apply the push / pull thought process to a facility move or a data center move
Use a push or pull process for systems design .
For example , when moving from an old system to a new system , you can use the push approach and figure out what old system capabilities have to be migrated to the new system .
Or you can take a “ clean slate ” approach and define the business processes required in the new system , then figure out what system processes in the old system should be migrated to meet those requirements .
Use a push or pull process for staffing a new business location .
You can use a push approach and figure out which current people you want to move to the new location .
Or you can use a pull approach and define the hypothetical staffing requirements for the new location , then determine which current people best fit those requirements .
Use a push or pull process for migrating from an old PC to a new one .
Push the stuff you ’ll know you need .
Then hold back on the rest until you have a specific need on the new PC .
When you do , “ pull ” the software or data from the old PC .
( This assumes that you either hold on to the old PC or keep a full backup of the old PC ’s hard disk where you can get to it . )
If your data center is overwhelmed by creating hundreds of business reports , then use the pull approach to cut back .
Delay selected reports by a few days and see whether anyone complains .
For reports that get no complaints , gradually delay them more and more .
If you still get no complaints , then eliminate the report — it ’s obviously not being used .
Warning : make sure the reports are n’t required by SEC or Sarbanes - Oxley regulations .
Use push and pull for connecting business strategy and IT strategy .
Start with the business strategy and pull the projects you need into an IT strategy .
Then start with the technology you already have , and think about how that technology can be better used to build enhance business benefit .
Push those ideas into the business strategy .
Use push and pull for business cost cutting .
You can push your existing costs through an evaluation process , or you can do “ zero based budgeting ” and pull your essential services into your new budget based on what you really need in the business .
1 Young Adam :
We really made it to 2009 ?
So where are the flying cars then ?
1 Adam : What ?
They do n't exist .
2 Young Adam :
How can they not exist ?!
It 's 2009 !
What have you lot been up to for the past 27 years ?!
2 Adam : There 's the Internet .
3 Young Jamie : Internet ?
4 Jamie : A bunch of computers connected to talk to each other .
4 Young Adam :
What possible use is that ??!!
Predicting the future is a risky business .
Predicting the future roughly 10 to 20 years ahead is the riskiest .
There are lots of examples of this .
Lots .
And lots .
And lots .
Tax and spend Many debit cards that offer rewards are hardly gratis .
Here 's a glimpse at some of those currently being offered .
Bank Annual fee Rewards SunTrust SkyMiles Check Card $ 20 -$ 55
Up to 1 mile for every purchase and 5,000 bonus miles after first purchase .
Wells Fargo $ 12 A fighter pilot training experience for 145,300 points .
Chase Leisure Rewards $ 25 A Lenovo IdeaPad mini notebook computer for 253,000 points .
KeyBank Rewards $ 20 ( first year is waived )
Unrestricted domestic roundtrip ticket for 240,000 points .
Limited to $ 600 value .
Source : Company data
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Could debit cards be the next cash cow for banks ?
If banks have their way , they will .
Americans have conducted more transactions and spent more money using debit cards than credit cards this year -- the first time that 's ever happened .
Next year , consumers are expected to spend $ 1.64 trillion with their debit cards , nearly two - thirds more than in 2006 , according to the payments industry trade publication The Nilson Report .
And there is no indication this growth is slowing down anytime soon .
Not only are Americans increasingly reluctant to take on more debt , but banks are expected to become more stingy with credit cards once new federal legislation takes effect next year , which could make the debit card the preferred form of payment for many consumers .
This has n't gone unnoticed by large and small banks , who are currently looking for ways to wring any extra dollars out of their business at a time of severe loan losses .
" Banks , just like airlines and local governments , are looking for fee income to fill the revenue gap , " said Greg McBride , senior financial analyst with Bankrate.com .
What is shaping up to be an area of focus for lenders are loyalty or rewards programs for debit card users .
A concept that has long been associated with credit cards , increasing numbers of banks have looked to such programs as a way to generate more fees from consumers .
Atlanta - based lender SunTrust ( STI , Fortune 500 ) , for example , launched a tiered series of travel debit cards in June that allow consumer and business account holders to earn miles with Delta Air Lines .
Just this month , Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) expanded its Cash Back program , saying it would allow customers to apply their debit card rewards toward paying down their home equity loan .
And Minneapolis - based U.S. Bancorp ( USB , Fortune 500 ) , which has offered debit card rewards as early as 2002 , announced last week it was now making its own FlexPerks program , which allows cardholders to earn travel , cash or merchandise rewards , available to many of its consumer and small business account holders .
" We do find our customers are very interested in earning something , " said Lynn Heitman , senior vice - president for retail payment solutions at U.S. Bancorp .
Of course , consumers do n't necessarily have to pay for the privilege of having , or using , a debit card .
Or at least not upfront .
Rather it is merchants that foot the bill , paying anywhere from 1 % to 3 % of every sale for the privilege of accepting a debit or credit card as a form of payment .
But calls by retailers and small business owners to cap those charges have grown increasingly loud in recent months , prompting some members of Congress to propose legislation aimed at curbing so - called interchange fees .
Should such lobbying efforts prove successful , banks ' debit and credit card business would only come under further strain .
Lenders are already feeling the pinch from new Federal Reserve rules issued earlier this month that restrict how they charge overdraft fees to consumers .
" The rules have changed for debit cards , " said Gerard Cassidy , managing director of bank equity research at RBC Capital Markets .
" What banks have to figure out is how to maintain revenue growth of this product under the new rules and conditions we have to operate under . "
Banks , as a result , have little choice but to pick on the already squeezed consumer .
And pushing debit card loyalty programs might just be the most painless means of doing so .
Only half of the nation 's banks have some sort of debit card loyalty program in place .
At the same time , many consumers have already embraced such offerings , noting that they would have used their debit card to buy groceries or gasoline anyway to make their purchases .
Still , some experts argue that debit card loyalty programs just are n't worth it for consumers .
Not only do they have to pay an annual fee of as much as $ 55 in some instances , consumers also only benefit if they rack up some significant charges .
Under a typical debit card rewards program , for example , a consumer looking to earn a $ 100 credit towards an airline purchase would have to spend $ 33,333 , according to research published by consulting firm TowerGroup .
That 's not an easy feat for most Americans , notes Brian Riley , research director of bank card services for TowerGroup .
The median annual income for a U.S. household stands at around $ 51,000 , before taking into account taxes and housing costs .
" Every remaining nickel you spend will have to go on [ your debit card ] , which is just not practical , " he said .
Of course , not all rewards programs are a rip off , although it is rare to find one without some sort of a catch .
Customers of East Coast lender Citizens Bank can earn 10 cents on every purchase with their Green$ense debit card , up to $ 120 a year -- although that means no more paper statements or notices about your account .
Checking account holders enrolled in Regions Financial 's ( RF , Fortune 500 ) CheckCard Rewards program may earn 4 % cash back on music downloaded from Apple 's iTunes store or airline tickets purchased online from Southwest Airlines .
To maintain their account , however , customers are required to pay a $ 5 monthly fee , which can be waived if a customer uses direct deposit or receives their statements electronically .
" Consumers need to have an eyes wide open perspective when it comes to financial services , " said McBride of Bankrate.com .
" Fees are going to be cropping up , but that also gives you a chance to comparison shop .
There may be just as many good deals at the other end of the spectrum . "
Catholicism stopped being the state religion in Italy in 1984 The European Court of Human Rights has ruled against the use of crucifixes in classrooms in Italy .
It said the practice violated the right of parents to educate their children as they saw fit , and ran counter to the child 's right to freedom of religion .
The case was brought by an Italian mother , Soile Lautsi , who wants to give her children a secular education .
The Vatican said it was shocked by the ruling , calling it " wrong and myopic " to exclude the crucifix from education .
The ruling has sparked anger in the largely Catholic country , with one politician calling the move " shameful " .
The Strasbourg court found that : " The compulsory display of a symbol of a given confession in premises used by the public authorities ... restricted the right of parents to educate their children in conformity with their convictions . "
It also restricted the " right of children to believe or not to believe " , the seven judges ruling on the case said in a statement quoted by AFP news agency .
European identity Mrs Lautsi complained to the European court that her children had to attend a public school in northern Italy that had crucifixes in every room .
She was awarded 5,000 euros ( $ 7,400 ; £ 4,500 ) in damages .
Vatican spokesman the Rev Federico Lombardi said the European court had no right intervening in such a profoundly Italian matter , the Associated Press reported .
The compulsory display of a symbol of a given confession in premises used by the public authorities ... restricted the right of parents to educate their children in conformity with their convictions .
Court ruling
Read your views on the ruling " It seems as if the court wanted to ignore the role of Christianity in forming Europe 's identity , which was and remains essential . "
He told Italian TV : " The crucifix has always been a sign of God 's love , unity and hospitality to all humanity .
" It is unpleasant that it is considered a sign of division , exclusion or a restriction of freedom . "
' Italian tradition '
Many politicians in Italy have reacted angrily .
Education Minister Mariastella Gelmini said the crucifix was a " symbol of our tradition " , and not a mark of Catholicism .
One government minister called the ruling " shameful " , while another said that Europe was forgetting its Christian heritage .
The government says it will appeal against the decision .
The BBC's Duncan Kennedy in Rome says that it is customary in Italy to see crucifixes in public buildings , including schools , despite the constitution saying that there should be a separation of church and state .
The law requiring crucifixes to be hung in schools dates back to the 1920s .
Although a revised accord between the Vatican and the Italian government ended Catholicism 's position as the state religion in 1984 , the crucifix law has never been repealed .
Some conservatives have already complained about schools dropping nativity plays to avoid upsetting Muslim children .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Comment General Electric has been talking up its holographic storage technology again , reckoning it can succeed where Plasmon and others have failed , because of backward Blu-ray and DVD compatibility .
Currently holographic storage products inhabit a graveyard or deep freeze .
In Phase is currently seemingly in hibernation - not dead but showing little sign of life - though with a late 2009 ship date coming for its troubled $ 18,000 Tapestry drive and $ 180 per CD - size disks .
UDO developer Plasmon is dead and gone , with a slight phoenix possibility in the shape of its asset purchaser , AST .
Why does GE think it has a chance of making it with a storage technology that has dashed so many hopes already ?
There seem to be three reasons : better recording and reading technology , insufficient Blu-ray capacity , and backwards compatibility .
Holographic storage involves holograms , images of data , being stored in layers in a CD - sized disk 's recording surface .
The images are created by two laser beams and read by a laser beam .
GE 's researchers at its Applied Optics Laboratory managed to shrink these images , calling them micro-holograms .
They achieved this to the point where the images were also reflective enough - 200 times more so than before - to be read by optics that could be used to read existing optical formats .
A CD - size disk could store 500GB using this technology , with 1TB and greater capacity potentially possible in the 2011 /2012 period .
This compares to InPhase 's 300GB capacity , although InPhase has predicted a ramp up through 800 GB to a 1.6TB capacity point and a 120 MB / sec transfer rate .
This was said to be appearing in 2010 , but that was in 2007 , so we 'd better assume a 2012 / 2013 date if InPhase holds to its course .
There is a deal of overlap here between GE and Inphase capacities and capacity roadmaps .
The 500GB capacity equals ten double - layer , 50 GB Blu-ray disks , or 100 5GB DVDs .
GE believes that drives using its technology could also read Blu-ray , DVD and even CD disks .
This makes them , in theory , usable by consumers and thus increases their volume dramatically , compared to the professional archiving market addressed by Plasmon 's UDO and the InPhase Tapestry development .
This volume should enable a per-drive cost far lower than the $ 18,000 InPhase has suggested for its Tapestry .
We should bear in mind that GE is suggesting that consumer drives using its technology would n't appear until 2014 or 2015 , though , suggesting that drive cost will be a problem in the early years .
Company representatives suggest that an entire 3D movie might be storable on a disk with its technology .
There is the implicit assumption here that downloading such movies will not be feasible , as network links will be too slow .
Another assumption is that Blu-ray capacity will simply not be enough for the massive files needed by 3D movies and the like in a few years time .
Blu-ray will run out of capacity by 2013 or so , according to this scenario .
The GE drive technology has a 3msec access period and transfers data at what is described as five times the DVD transfer rate .
Assuming a 16x DVD writer runs at 21.13MB/sec , this implies 105.65MB.sec .
At that speed , a 1TB GE technology disk would take 2.65 hours to write .
However , GE says its disks could be replicated off a golden master in a factory at rates of 180 to 360 an hour .
Cost - wise , GE is suggesting 10 cents / GB or less for disk capacity when the drives and disks are introduced , as hopefully expected , in 2011 / 2012 .
At $ 0.10 / GB , a 1TB disk would cost $ 100 : far , far from cheap .
The US Army is short as many as 300 substance - abuse counselors and 800 mental health professionals as it attempts to stem the rise of soldier suicides , which is expected to break new records again this year .
As of Monday , there were 140 confirmed suicides in 2009 among the active - duty Army and another 71 from the Reserve and National Guard , said Army Gen .
Pete Chiarelli , the service 's vice - chief of staff .
This year will probably be worse than last year , in which 140 suicides were confirmed , he said .
That would represent the fifth straight year suicides increased in the Army .
" This is horrible , and I do not want to downplay the significance of this in any way , " said Chiarelli , noting that the rising number of suicides is probably the " toughest challenge " he 's ever had to tackle .
The Marine Corps is seeing a similar trend : Last year it confirmed 42 suicides and has counted 42 already this year .
Too few mental health experts are available to address the problem – reflecting a shortage of such experts across the country , not just in the military .
[ Maj . Nidal Malik Hasan , accused of killing 13 soldiers at Fort Hood , Texas , and injuring 29 others , is an Army psychiatrist , and investigators are trying to determine if the lack of mental health counselors had any bearing on his continued employment by the Army despite warning signs about his behavior .
Army officials would not comment on the matter Tuesday . ]
One glimmer of hope : a new system to evaluate soldiers ' mental fitness .
The Army is now using an online tool that helps professionals assess the mental condition of a soldier , thereby maximizing the few professionals available to conduct such evaluations , Chiarelli said Tuesday at a Pentagon briefing .
The Army was able to evaluate , at a medical center in Hawaii , everyone in a battalion returning from war .
Some evaluations were face - to - face ; others were completed online .
Military officials , though , say clues are few as to the cause of the uptick in suicides , saying there is not yet a clear cause - and - effect relationship between suicides and deployments to a war zone .
At Fort Campbell in Kentucky , for example , seven of the 18 confirmed suicides this year involved soldiers who had never deployed .
Eight of the soldiers had been deployed once , two had been deployed twice , and one had been deployed four times , according to Army data .
" As I look across all the factors , from the number of deployments individual brigade combat teams have gone through , to everything else , I cannot find a causal link that links anything , " Chiarelli said .
Suicide rates do tend to rise among soldiers in the Guard and Reserve who are in " geographically separated locations " and so may not have immediate access to mental health care , he said .
Suicides were highest in January and February , and Chiarelli pointed to a slight downward trend since then .
The data , however , are inconclusive .
In January and February , there were 21 and 19 suicides , respectively ; that dropped to 13 in March and eight in April , then increased again in May to 17 .
October saw 16 .
Chiarelli pointed to some success with new pilot programs designed to strengthen the collective health of the force and to identify individuals with problems .
One program , called Comprehensive Fitness Soldier , aims to improve the " resilience training " each soldier receives .
The program is led by a female officer , Brig .
Gen. Rhonda Cornum , who has credibility in the field :
She was sexually assaulted in Iraq while held captive during the first Gulf War .
She appeared with Chiarelli at the Pentagon Tuesday .
" We are increasing resilience and psychological fitness and , happily , these are all things that can be taught , and that we need to give everybody an education so that we bring everybody up to a higher level than they came , " said Cornum .
----
Follow us on Twitter .
Glenn Beck 's obviously been drumming his fingers in contemplation after his semi-successful 9 - 12 March on Washington :
What to do ?
What to do next ?
Aha !
He knows !
He 'll organize them into a sustained movement to " save America . "
He 'll call it " The Plan . "
Beck unveiled " The Plan " on Saturday at a rally in Florida that drew about 25,000 people , and The New York Times was there :
Glenn Beck , the popular and outspoken Fox News host , says he wants to go beyond broadcasting his opinions and start rallying his political base — formerly known as his audience — to take action .
To do so , Mr. Beck is styling himself as a political organizer .
In an interview , he said he would promote voter registration drives and sponsor a series of seven conventions across the country featuring what he described as libertarian speakers .
On Saturday he held a festive campaign - style rally in The Villages in Florida , north of Orlando , in which he promoted his recently released book , “ Arguing With Idiots , ” and announced another book to come next August filled with right - leaning policy proposals gathered from the conventions .
Mr. Beck provided few details about his plans for the tour , making it unclear if he truly intends to prod his audience of millions into political action or merely burnish his media brand ahead of a book release .
Mr. Beck did say the conventions would resemble educational seminars , and he emphasized that while candidates may align themselves with the values and principles that he espouses , he would not take the next step to endorse them .
In describing the conventions , he told the crowd on Saturday : “ You ’re going to learn about finance .
You ’re going to learn about community organizing .
You ’re going to learn everything we need to know if you want to be a politician . ”
How does Beck intend to inspire this movement ?
Well , if the video from Saturday 's rally is any indication , it 's going to be done the way Beck has done everything so far -- scaring the crap out of people , shouting fire in crowded theater , and herding them toward the exits on the far right .
He is , after all , our Fearmonger in Chief .
And anyone who buys into his crap is just another right - wing bedwetter .
Some samples :
Beck : I told you over a year ago , please read about the Weimar Republic .
Read about the end of the Republic of Germany , Weimar , before it fell into the hands of the Nazis .
We are facing the same kind of financial questions that they faced !
It was unsustainable !
And for the first time in American history we started to monetize our debt !
That 's when I told you , please read about Weimar , because they did it !
And it ends the same way every single time it has been tried .
[ Actually , there 's no comparison : Germany had just been defeated in a World War and was suffering the effects of hyperinflation in the 1920s , conditions that clearly do not apply here .
More to the point , if you actually do study the end of the Weimar Republic , you can see that the final collapse of the Republic occurred precisely because it attempted a " conservative experiment " along the lines that Beck is prescribing : From 1930 to 1932 , " In line with conservative economic theory that less public spending would spur economic growth , [ Chancellor Heinrich ]
Brüning drastically cut state expenditures , including in the social sector . "
This , as it turned out , only heightened the social unrest that gave the Nazis their chance . ]
Beck :
So as I tell you these things , know that there is hope on the other side .
But we are about to walk through a wall of fire !
We are about to be baptized through fire .
It 's because we were n't protecting liberty .
But let me tell you -- let me tell you we have a choice ahead of us .
I see -- I see America as the people on a boat .
The boat is the Titanic .
We 've had a crew and a captain who took this ship and rammed her right upside the iceberg .
She 's been takin ' in water for awhile , all the while the captains , the crews , they 've been comin ' and goin ' and they say , ' Do n't worry , do n't worry , it 's the Titanic , it 's unsinkable . '
Then we elected a new captain and crew , and they took that thing and they backed it up , and now they are ramming it into the iceberg !
Now they 're taking this ship and they 're taking it and they 're -- with health care , and cap and trade , and stimulus -- they 're doin ' the same amount of damage that all the other crews did , just faster !
All the while they 're telling all the passengers , you just go back into your stateroom , everything 's just fine , you go ahead in the salon .
There 's some drinks up there for you , you go listen to the music , everything 's fine .
Let me tell you something .
Each and every one of us are here , and wide awake .
Each and every one of us are a passenger on this ship , and it 's our damned ship !
Actually , Glenn , a more appropriate analogy is that we 're all on that sailboat in Dead Calm and you 're acting like Billy Zane .
But whatever .
Beck then describes " The Plan , " which he says is analogical to " lifeboats " on the Titanic :
He says he 's assembling a team of " experts " to help him shape a movement that will produce GlennBeckian electoral victories in 2010 .
( Obviously , that NY - 23 experiment did n't turn out so hot . )
These experts are being hired to work on policy areas such as the economy , the environment , national security , etc .
Beck :
And what I 've done , is I 've found two really smart people in each category , two really -- oh , they just have all kinds of experience .
And then I have coupled them with one rebel -- one radical .
I hear that 's popular to be a radical now .
But these radicals are not the radicals wearing the Che T - shirts .
These radicals are the ones wearing the Jefferson T - shirts !
Hmmmm .
You mean a T - shirt like this one ?
Beck goes on to rant about how the " progressive movement " set " a ticking time bomb " a hundred years ago and it 's about to go off .
The coup de grace comes when he describes " The Plan " in the most grandiose terms -- as a " 100 - year plan " for the nation .
Beck :
We need to start thinking like the Chinese , by developing a one hundred year plan for America !
But then , that would n't be American , would it , Glenn ?
RIO DE JANEIRO ( Reuters ) - Police killed seven suspected drug traffickers in Rio de Janeiro on Wednesday , bringing to 33 the total number of deaths since the city ’s worst recent outbreak of violence erupted over the weekend .
Three suspects were killed after they opened fire on police searching a slum in the north of the city for gang members linked to shooting down a police helicopter on Saturday , police spokesman Oderlei Santos said .
Four others were killed in separate operations in the city ’s wealthier southern zone , police said .
State authorities have mobilized several thousand police to secure the city and search for drug traffickers who brought the helicopter down , killing three police officers .
Twenty - seven suspected gang members and three residents caught in cross - fire between gangs have been killed since Saturday in violence that has tarnished Rio ’s image only a few weeks after it was awarded the 2016 Olympics .
The image of a dead suspected trafficker stuffed into a shopping cart and left on a road was carried by Brazilian and international newspapers on Wednesday , an example of the extreme gang violence and a sharp contrast to the scenes of joy on Copacabana beach broadcast around the world this month when Rio won the Olympics .
Residents in one slum near where the helicopter crashed in flames left their homes on Tuesday night and were afraid to return because of rumors a gang from another slum was planning an invasion .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
“ Everyone is afraid of going back to their homes , it ’s better to stay on the street , ” one male resident who asked not to be identified told reporters .
President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has offered Rio state nearly $ 60 million over six months to help combat the violence .
Rio ’s police often respond brutally to drug gangs , wounding and killing innocent residents as a result of tactics that have been consistently condemned by human rights groups .
The police last year killed more than 1,100 suspects described as “ resisting arrest . ”
Residents killed in police raids are routinely labeled as suspected criminals , without investigations to back up the charge .
Help !
My door knob is stuck and I 'm trapped in my room !
1:06 PM Subscribe October 7 , 2009
Help !
I 'm stuck in my bedroom .
The knob wo n't turn much either way and wo n't come unlatched .
The only person who has a key to my house is out of town , so I can't even call a locksmith and have him let in .
How can I get out of my bedroom ?
The door knob is the kind with screws only on the exterior .
I 've tried to slide a credit card in , but that did not yield results .
Anyone have any advice to help me get out of my room ?
Tenant Build Out / Tenant Improvements Tenant Build - Outs or Tenant Improvements are one unique form of Commercial Remodeling and Renovation , taking any Retail , Office or other Commercial Space and Remodeling it for your particular business .
These are typically fast paced projects , as occupying the space is linked with the Clients ability to create revenue .
Suncoast has completed many Tenant Build - Outs / Improvements throughout the Tampa Bay area in Malls , Shopping Centers and Office Buildings , covering Pinellas , Hillsborough , Manatee , Sarasota and Pasco Counties and we offer complete Design / Build Tenant Improvement Construction Services .
Special Financing may be available .
In addition to your standard financing , special financing may be available to increase the affordability of your Tenant Build - Out or Tenant Improvements .
Call us to find out more .
Child 's Daycare
This 10,000 square foot project in Clearwater had a completion date that must be met .
The Client had ordered a $ 250,000 .
00 piece of playground equipment with a fixed installation date .
This equipment had been ordered prior to the construction contracts being signed and the plans had not even been submitted to the building department for permitting .
Our original time table for building construction was close to four months , however , problems with the plans required multiple re-submittals , which took all of the time for the project , except 30 days .
This four month project had to be completed within 30 days .
Working around the clock , in multiple shifts , we made our deadline .
Some of our other Commercial Remodeling Tenant Build - Out Projects include : Meat Market –
This space in Tampa was previously an office and the floors had to be cut to accommodate new plumbing and drain lines .
– This space in Tampa was previously an office and the floors had to be cut to accommodate new plumbing and drain lines .
Commercial Real Estate Office – This St. Petersburg space was designed to best utilize the existing layout , modifying some walls to accommodate existing office furniture .
– This St. Petersburg space was designed to best utilize the existing layout , modifying some walls to accommodate existing office furniture .
Commercial Car Sales –
This space in Largo was previously used for retail sales and approximately 10,000 square feet of glue - down carpet had to be removed .
Other floors had to be leveled so that the entire space could accept vinyl tile .
– This space in Largo was previously used for retail sales and approximately 10,000 square feet of glue - down carpet had to be removed .
Other floors had to be leveled so that the entire space could accept vinyl tile .
Multiple projects for Office Spaces – Throughout the Tampa Bay Area .
– Throughout the Tampa Bay Area .
Several Retail Clothing Stores – In Malls and Strip Centers .
– In Malls and Strip Centers .
Two Small Restaurants – In Tampa and St. Pete Beach .
– In Tampa and St. Pete Beach .
Deli and Sub Shop – In a St. Petersburg Shopping Center .
– In a St. Petersburg Shopping Center .
Ice Cream Parlor – In a St. Petersburg Strip Plaza .
SERVICES Design / Build Services
Commercial , Residential , New Construction , Restoration , Design Services Mold Remediation
Mold Testing , Mold Remediation , Restoration , Fire , Smoke and Odor Remediation Kitchens & Baths
Remodeling Contractor , 203k Rehab Loans , Kitchen Remodel , Bath Remodel Tenant / Build Out
Design and Construction
* Newspaper publication ban lifted after one day
* Baha ’i banned in Islamic Republic , seen as heretical
( Recasts with ban lifted after one day )
TEHRAN , Nov 24 ( Reuters ) - A popular newspaper critical of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , banned for one day for publishing a photograph of a temple of the banned Baha ’i faith , can publish again on Wednesday , media reported on Tuesday .
The paper , Hamshahri , did not appear on Tuesday , but the semi-official student news agency ISNA , quoting justice ministry official Zahed Bashiri - Rad , said it would be allowed to publish Wednesday ’s edition .
Earlier in the day , the daily Etemad quoted deputy Culture Minister Mohammad Ali Ramin as saying Hamshahri and another daily , Khabar , which is linked to a conservative rival of Ahmadinejad , had violated media laws and had received warnings from the Islamic Republic ’s press supervisory board .
Khabar had stopped publication because of unspecified pressure , Etemad reported .
Government opponents may see such action by the authorities as an attempt to muzzle criticism of the hardline president after his disputed re-election in June , which plunged Iran into months of political turmoil .
Earlier in November , the press supervisory body banned the publication of a leading business daily , Sarmayeh , which has been critical of the government ’s economic policies .
Hamshahri , which belongs to the Tehran municipality and is Iran ’s highest - circulation newspaper , was banned for a day after it carried a front - page advertisement for tourist travel to India showing a Baha ’i temple , media said .
Iran ’s Shi’ite Muslim religious establishment considers Baha’i an heretical offshoot of Islam .
Tehran Mayor Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf , a pragmatic conservative , is seen as a political rival of Ahmadinejad .
Khabar is seen as close to parliament speaker Ali Larijani , another conservative rival of the president .
Exiled Baha ’i leaders allege that hundreds of followers of their faith have been jailed and executed in Iran in the past three decades .
The government denies it has detained or executed people because of their religion .
Baha ’i followers revere the 19th - century founder , Baha’ullah , as the latest in a line of prophets who include Mohammad , Moses , Zoroaster , Buddha , Krishna and Jesus .
They espouse world peace , and their holiest places and world centre are in what is now Israel , Iran ’s arch enemy .
( Reporting by Parisa Hafezi , Hossein Jaseb and Ramin Mostafavi ; editing by Tim Pearce )
Kamaishi
Mine is ranked as the second best haikyo ( ruin ) in all of east Japan , according to one of the haikyo books I follow .
Iron has been mined there since 1727 , and Japan ’s first blast furnace was built there in 1857 .
Production peaked in the 1970 ’s , with more than a million tons of ore coming out a year .
In photos I ’d seen it looked like a whole hillside of factory / mine buildings , though upon arrival it was clear the glory days were gone , with only a hillside of concrete foundations remaining .
A block of masonry stands before the factory ’s hillside foundation
There ’s not a lot more to say about this , really .
We were driving a circuit loop of Iwate pefecture , and this was the second half of the day after Taro mine .
It was gone .
We hopped the fence and meandered some .
I was with Mike , and he had a run-in with some guy walking the stepped foundations .
I saw nobody .
I entered a tunnel in the hillside briefly , but it did n’t go anywhere but the other side .
Coming back down
Mike shouted something at me from the car .
“ Sit down on the steps ! ” or something like that .
I headed over .
Turned out he was warning me about someone patrolling nearby .
I did n’t see them .
Because the place was a ruin of a ruin , all I ’ve got are a few shots of that .
This was the day before we went to Osarizawa Mine and the Matsuo Apartments .
Poised as some kind of memento in the open parking area .
Another Incan temple , once a mine .
Sweeping cloudy skies .
Concrete and trees .
Inside a tunnel that shot straight through the hill .
Tunnel mouth .
You can see all my haikyo explorations in the Ruins / Haikyo Gallery .
We 've seen plenty about HTC's hot HD2 gone hands - on and sized it up next to everyone 's most / least favorite smartphone , but there 's one thing we have n't seen yet : multi - touch in IE .
The video embedded below from Techblog.gr is in a language you may not quite understand , but certainly everyone can grok the snappy UI performance and the pinch zooming demonstrated at the 2:20 mark .
It does look a wee bit unresponsive at this point , but HTC still has time to make things perfect before releasing it here -- though to be honest we 'd rather just have it now .
Hey all ,
This is just to keep you all ( whoever still subscribes ) updated … I ’ll probably be recording a new episode tonight to go up either tonight or tomorrow .
Thanks for sticking with me .
I suck at remembering to record podcasts . 😀
JD
THE independent senator Nick Xenophon has accused the Church of Scientology of being a criminal organisation , calling for it to be investigated by police and the Parliament .
Senator Xenophon yesterday used parliamentary privilege to attack the church , after being contacted by a number of former Scientologists who accused the organisation of '' shocking ' ' crimes .
Nick Xenophon .
Credit : David Mariuz
'' Scientology is not a religious organisation ; it is a criminal organisation that hides behind its so - called religious beliefs , '' he told the Senate .
Message 0424 SMS SMH ( +61 424 767 764 ) or email us or direct message us on Twitter @smh_news with information .
© Getty Creative
Gender - bending chemicals are largely exempt from new EU regulations , warns Geoffrey Lean .
Here 's something rather rotten from the State of Denmark .
Its government yesterday unveiled official research showing that two - year - old children are at risk from a bewildering array of gender - bending chemicals in such everyday items as waterproof clothes , rubber boots , bed linen , food , nappies , sunscreen lotion and moisturising cream .
The 326 - page report , published by the environment protection agency , is the latest piece in an increasingly alarming jigsaw .
A picture is emerging of ubiquitous chemical contamination driving down sperm counts and feminising male children all over the developed world .
And anti-pollution measures and regulations are falling far short of getting to grips with it .
Sperm counts are falling so fast that young men are less fertile than their fathers and produce only a third as much , proportionately , as hamsters .
And gender - bending chemicals are increasingly being blamed for the mystery of the " lost boys " : babies who should normally be male who have been born as girls instead .
The Danish government set out to find out how much contamination from gender - bending chemicals a two - year - old child was exposed to every day .
It concluded that a child could be " at critical risk " from just a few exposures to high levels of the substances , such as from rubber clogs , and imperilled by the amount it absorbed from sources ranging from food to sunscreens .
The results build on earlier studies showing that British children have higher levels of gender - bending chemicals in their blood than their parents or grandparents .
Indeed WWF ( formerly the World Wildlife Fund ) , which commissioned the older research , warned that the chemicals were so widespread that " there is very little , if anything , individuals can do to prevent contamination of themselves and their families . "
Prominent among them are dioxins , PVC , flame retardants , phthalates ( extensively used to soften plastics ) and the now largely banned PCBs , one and a half million tons of which were used in countless products from paints to electrical equipment .
Young boys , like those in the Danish study , could end up producing less sperm and developing feminised behaviour .
Research at Rotterdam 's Erasmus University found that boys whose mothers were exposed to PCBs and dioxins were more likely to play with dolls and tea sets and dress up in female clothes .
And it is in the womb that babies are most vulnerable ; a study of umbilical cords from British mothers found that every one contained hazardous chemicals .
Scientists at the University of Rochester in New York discovered that boys born to women exposed to phthalates had smaller penises and other feminisation of the genitals .
The contamination may also offer a clue to a mysterious shift in the sex of babies .
Normally 106 boys are born for every 100 girls : it is thought to be nature 's way of making up for the fact that men were more likely to be killed hunting or in conflict .
But the proportion of females is rising , so much so that some 250,000 babies who statistically should have been boys have ended up as girls in Japan and the United States alone .
In Britain , the discrepancy amounts to thousands of babies a year .
A Canadian Indian community living on ancestral lands at the eastern tip of Lake Huron , hemmed in by one of the biggest agglomerations of chemical factories on earth , gives birth to twice as many girls as boys .
It 's the same around Seveso in Italy , contaminated with dioxins from a notorious accident in the 1970s , and among Russian pesticide workers .
And there 's more evidence from places as far apart as Israel and Taiwan , Brazil and the Arctic .
Yet gender - benders are largely exempt from new EU regulations controlling hazardous chemicals .
Britain , then under Tony Blair 's premiership , was largely responsible for this - restricting their inclusion in the first draft of the legislation , and then causing even what was included to be watered down .
Confidential documents show that it did so after pressure from George W Bush 's administration , which protested that US exports " could be impacted " .
Now the Danish government is planning to lobby to have the rules toughened up .
It is particularly concerned by other studies which show that gender - bending chemicals acting together have far worse effects than the expected sum of their individual impacts .
It wants this to be reflected in the regulations , citing its discovery of the many sources to which the two - year - olds are exposed - modern slings and arrows , as it were , of outrageous fortune .
About the author
( NewsTarget )
Maybe you have a childhood memory of forgetting to clean your fish tank 's filter .
After all , it 's easy to forget a fish tank even has a filter until it 's so clogged up it starts to malfunction .
Eventually , the tank is covered in slime and the health of your fish begins to fail .
This scenario is much like the way we view our liver today .
We often overlook the importance of the liver until it begins to adversely affect our health .
However , this organ plays a vital role in cleansing , detoxifying and purification on a daily basis .
The liver is also where many important nutrients are metabolized .
Without a healthy liver , we can not be healthy .
If you want to keep the environment clear and healthy in your fish tank , regular filter maintenance is a must .
Similarly , if you want to enjoy vibrant health , maintaining your liver is crucial .
When liver health is declining , you may experience a variety of symptoms including fatigue , sluggishness , hormone imbalances , acne , headaches and more .
In our literally toxic modern society , maintaining liver health is more important than ever .
These natural herbs provide potent results in detoxifying and restoring the liver :
Milk Thistle .
By far the most famous herb for liver health , milk thistle contains antioxidant flavonoids , which protect liver cells from damage by preventing toxin absorption and enhancing regeneration .
Milk thistle is a part of most popular liver tonics , and it can also be ground fresh and sprinkled over food .
Artichoke .
Thought to have a protective effect on liver cells , artichoke can aid liver regeneration and improve its function .
It also supports bile production , which is important for digestion and assimilating valuable nutrients .
Some clinical studies show artichoke can lower triglyceride levels , as well .
Dandelion .
This herb makes an ideal liver treatment because it is highly effective and generally very safe ( it is also quite inexpensive ) .
All parts of the flower can be useful , but dandelion root is the most popular liver remedy , while the leaves are known for promoting kidney health Licorice .
This remedy was often used in Eastern medicine to treat liver problems .
One study reported licorice increased the production of interferon , which may explain this herb 's unique ability to defend liver health from harmful toxins .
Keep in mind that any of these herbs should be used in conjunction with lifestyle factors which promote liver health , such as avoiding alcohol , caffeine and tobacco ; staying active with regular exercise ( even walking and yoga are highly beneficial ) ; avoiding processed foods filled with junk sugars and chemical additives ; and finally , learning to manage stress and developing healthy sleeping habits .
Elizabeth Walling is a freelance writer specializing in health and family nutrition .
She is a strong believer in natural living as a way to improve health and prevent modern disease .
She enjoys thinking outside of the box and challenging common myths about health and wellness .
You can visit her blog to learn more :
Giraffe Manor :
For the animal lover it does n’t get much better than Giraffe Manor in the Kenyan capital of Nairobi .
The luxury boutique hotel is surrounded by 140 acres of land where the ” resident herd ” of giraffes call home .
These friendly giants feel so welcome at the Manor that they routinely peek their heads through windows and the front door to get fed , pose for pictures and say hi to guests and staff .
Giraffe Manor also has well appointed rooms , a friendly staff and a renowned kitchen .
Explorer Overland Hotel :
If you are the kind of traveler that enjoys being on - the - go , the Exploranter Overland Hotel is the perfect hotel for you .
This hotel on wheels , a converted 25 - ton truck that pulls behind it a trailer that can sleep 24 guests comfortably , while it tours the back country of Brazil , Argentina and Chile , stopping at pre-arranged or customized locations .
The hotel has everything you could possibly need to accommodate you and your travel companions … including bringing on chefs from different stops along your journey to prepare local specialties .
And if there is something you want that ca n’t fit on the truck – er hotel – the Overland Hotel staff can help make it happen for you .
Everything from spelunking and horseback riding , to winery tours and hot air balloon rides and more can be arranged .
Kakslauttanen :
The hotel is located near the Urho Kekkonen National Park in Lapland , the most northern part of Scandinavia spreading to the area of the four different countries : Finland , Russia , Norway and Sweden .
Lapland ’s extreme climate is what makes a stay at the Kakslauttanen so unique … that and the opportunity to stay in a snow or glass igloo !
The snow igloos have lights inside ice that , when illuminated , create a quiet , serene setting for a cozy night tucked warm into a down sleeping bag .
The glass igloos stay as warm as a regular room , yet give guests the unique opportunity to look up at the Aurora Borealis ( August – April ) or stay warm inside while watching a romantic snowstorm fall around you .
After staying in either of the igloos , guests are welcome to enjoy the sauna in the morning , followed by a dip in a hole in the ice covering a nearby river – talk about a jump - start to your day !
Huilo Huilo Magic Mountain Lodge :
Nestled in the Huilo Huilo Nature Reserve in Southern Chile , the Magic Mountain Lodge was designed to exist harmoniously in the Patagonian Andes mountain setting and constructed using indigenous materials and other items made by local artisans .
The lodges unique architecture is set around 55 rooms located on 7 floors , each of which has a window that peeks out of the “ mountain ” lodge and overlooks the forested surroundings .
Nature enthusiasts will enjoy the valleys and mountain ranges covered by the Temperate Rainforest that are a part of an ecosystem that conservationists are trying to preserve .
A variety of outdoor activities and excursions are available , including a hikes to a local volcano , waterfall or through the rainforest where you can observe wildlife .
Kolarbyn Eco-Lodge :
Looking for an overnight experience that falls somewhere between camping and staying in a hostel ?
The Kolarbyn Eco-Lodge , billed as Sweden ’s most primitive hotel , has forest huts and advertises such swanky acommodations as , “ two hard beds , ” “ cosy sheep - skin rugs , ” “ primitive kitchen facilities , ” and “ firewood for self - cutting ” that you can then use in the hut ’s “ wood heater . ”
If you can get past the fact that you ’ll be paying to fetch your own water from a nearby spring , the Kolarbyn does have some cool wildlife safari ’s ; sign up for the Wolf Howling Tour , Wolf Safari by Horse , Moose Safari , Lynx Adventure , or the Beaver Watching Tour .
KABUL , Afghanistan 
Under heavy international pressure , President Hamid Karzai appears set to concede as early as Tuesday that he fell short of a first - round victory in the nation ’s disputed presidential election , but the path to ensuring that the country has credible leadership remains uncertain , American and European officials said Monday .
The officials said Mr. Karzai was moving toward accepting the findings of an international audit that stripped him of nearly a third of his votes in the first round , leaving him below the 50 percent threshold that would have allowed him to avoid a runoff and declare victory over his main rival , Abdullah Abdullah .
Mr. Karzai ’s apparent capitulation came after an all - out push by Obama administration officials and their European allies .
But even if Mr. Karzai ends his strong resistance to a runoff , that would not resolve the country ’s political crisis , officials say .
It would be difficult to hold a new election quickly , as the Afghan winter approaches , and delaying the selection of a new government until the spring could allow the Taliban to make further gains across the country .
As a result , some Obama administration officials , who say a pending decision on whether to increase troop levels in the country depends partly on resolving the election outcome , now argue that they should push Mr. Karzai and Mr. Abdullah to form a coalition government to avoid a runoff altogether .
( UPDATE : Since I posted this on Nov. 24 , the two misspellings in the newspaper column discussed below have been corrected , without a hint ( in the online version , anyway ) that there was ever a mistake in the first place .
The other inaccuracies and questionable information remain in place . )
My heart goes out , at least a little , to Tom Bohs , editorial page editor of the Jackson Sun in Tennessee .
He is undoubtedly wishing he ’d spent a little more time on a column he published this week .
His piece , entitled “ Citizen journalist , pick your beat . ” featured some standard , boilerplate stereotypes — such as people with mobile - phone cameras who contribute what they shoot to “ real ” media organizations like , uh , the Sun — with just the barest effort to acknowledge the enormous variety and in some cases quality of non-traditional offerings that are diversifying the media ecosystem .
Overall , the column comes off as yet another semi-informed member of the old guard wishing he could turn back the clock .
No big deal .
So why am I feeling some sympathy for Bohs ?
It ’s because of his column ’s final four paragraphs , which may well have earned him a spot in the Irony Hall of Fame , or at least the Media Criticism wing .
Bohs wrote :
To give you a little perspective , however , the guy who folks say invented modern citizen journalism is former San Jose Mercury News journalist Dan Gilmour .
He was a technology columnist for the newspaper which operates deep in the heart of Silicon Valley .
He allegedly wrote the first newspaper online blog .
Then he wrote a book about citizen journalism titled ‘ We the Media . ’
Then he got out of the news business .
I ’m not sure what that means .
Today , Gilmour runs an operation called the Center for Citizen Media at UC Berkely .
I guess he figured with all these citizens running around doing his job , he needed to find a new line of work , teaching them to do his former job – for free .
As the news business continues to evolve at the mercy of technology , citizen journalism is going to play a major role .
Here is a simple guideline to help you evaluate what you read on the blogs and forums , chats and tweets .
It is a guideline old school journalists still live by :
If your mother tells you she loves you , check it out .
I hope our new era of citizen journalists adopt the standard , as well .
Oh , my , where to begin …
I do n’t know which folks say I invented modern citizen journalism .
I ’m not one of them .
I ’ve definitely been among the many people who ’ve worked to help it happen , and to make it as good as possible for everyone involved .
My last name is spelled Gillmor , not Gilmour .
I “ allegedly wrote the first newspaper online blog ” ?
( Copy editors : All blogs are online . )
Not sure what the “ allegedly ” is all about , except possibly to suggest some faint unseemliness or false claim .
Who ’s alleged to have said it , anyway ?
Mine may well have been the first blog by a daily newspaper journalist , but that ’s all I ’ll claim .
Aha , a true fact : I did write We the Media .
No , I did n’t then get out of the news business .
I started what turned out to be an ill - fated Bay Area news site , Bayosphere , which was definitely part of the news business .
I started the Center for Citizen Media ( see below for current status ) , one of the purposes of which was to help extend the news business .
I ’ve invested in and / or advised a number of enterprises — some for - profit and some not - for - profit — that have been deeply involved in the news and information sphere .
I ’ve been a paid speaker or consultant for several newspaper companies , and wrote occasional columns for the Financial Times ( which I trust Bohs will concede is part of the real News Business ) and still contribute periodically to other publications .
My current position at Arizona State University is all about the news business : working with students studying journalism , business and other disciplines to help them create what we hope will be some of tomorrow ’s lasting local - information enterprises .
I ’m more in the news business than I ever was as a columnist for a California newspaper .
The Center for Citizen Media still exists , but is mostly dormant at this point .
It was affiliated with the University of California , Berkeley ( that ’s Berkeley with an “ e ” between the “ l ” and “ y ” ) , as well as Harvard University ’s Berkman Center for Internet & Society , and is now affiliated with Arizona State .
I have n’t been affiliated in any way with UC Berkeley for almost two years at this point , though I ’m still fond of my former colleagues and students .
At no point in my work on citizen journalism have I pitched it as a replacement for traditional journalism .
From the beginning I ’ve said it would be a great addition , in its myriad forms , to the ecosystem , and competitive only in some spaces .
I ’ve also said , again and again in talks and in public writing , that while I hoped citizens would help traditional news organizations by participating in community journalism , I was and remain flatly opposed to business models that assume citizens are offering nothing but free labor for others to monetize .
Who ’s running around doing my old job as a business and technology journalist ?
Lots of people , including traditional journalists and online - only creative types whose work has greatly increased the amount and in many cases the quality of tech information .
Some bloggers are doing it for little or no money , for lots of reasons — they may be in the business ; they may be building their brands ; they may just love to cover a small niche — while other online journalists are making serious money at it , building important and well - funded new media organizations .
The very last thing I figured when I co-taught a course at Berkeley was that I needed the job because citizen journalists had priced me out of the market .
( When Bohs says “ I guess ” , that ’s a point I wo n’t argue . )
The news business is clearly being affected by technology .
It is not at the mercy of technology .
Journalists will continue to do journalism , using the evolving tools of the trade in enterprises that adapt to change , long after newspapers have faded from the scene .
The only news people at the utter mercy of technology are the ones who have given up on themselves .
And now we come to Bohs ’ stern advice — preceded , to be fair , by an acknowledgment that citizen journalism is here to stay — to all those who need to decide what to make of what they find online .
Follow the lead of the pros , he says : Do n’t trust it unless you ’ve checked it out .
Bohs could have checked out everything he said about me and got so absurdly wrong , even without picking up the phone and calling .
He could have used that new - fangled Google thing , where typing in “ Dan Gillmor ” — or even “ Dan Gilmour ” — returns links to dangillmor.com ( the top one with the correct spelling , third on the list for the one Bohs used ) , where I lay out in some detail exactly what I ’ve been doing for the past few years and am doing now , with links to the blogs where I ’ve been saying what I actually believe about journalism and its future , not what other people may claim ( or imagine ) I ’ve said .
Even my Wikipedia entry , which has some small inaccuracies , has my current gig listed correctly .
This is why Bohs , who clearly cares about journalism , surely must have had a sinking feeling in his gut last night or this morning when he discovered his mistakes .
I hope he ’ll turn that into a renewed dedication to the principles in which he says he believes .
During the summer , Torrent Freak learned that major online music piracy group DV8 suffered a serious setback after a music industry investigation led to arrests .
In September our sources leaked information that a label executive had also been arrested .
Now fresh details have emerged concerning his fate and news of yet more arrests .
Earlier this year , DV8 , one of the busiest ‘ Scene ’ music piracy groups responsible for more than 3,000 single and album releases , suffered major setbacks .
A BPI investigation led to a police swoop on members of the group .
They were subjected to searches , seizure of their computers and other assorted items , and later questioned at length .
The suspects were charged with Conspiracy to Defraud ( the music industry ) , released on bail and ordered to reappear at later dates .
One was later released with a police warning and told that charges would not be pressed against him .
In the meantime the alleged leader of DV8 had his bail pushed back to mid November pending further investigations .
Torrent Freak ’s previously - reliable sources positioned close to the case have now informed us that the individual answered his bail a few days ago and was subjected to another day of questioning .
He has allegedly been charged with ‘ defrauding the music industry ’ , although the conspiracy element appears to have been dropped .
Earlier we reported that two more arrests were made of suspected pre-release music suppliers to DV8 .
One of those individuals was an executive at a record label .
Our information is that this executive has now lost his job , but no charges have been brought against him .
It was believed that the delay in charging the alleged leader of the group was due to the police needing more time to track down additional suppliers , one of which we were told works for a major media outlet .
Indeed , we are now being informed that during the last few weeks there have been further raids on people linked to the group .
One is reportedly a writer at a music publication , who allegedly supplied music to the leader of the group .
We are told he was raided 2 weeks ago .
Another is a US member of DV8 who left months before the first raid .
He was arrested several weeks ago but is understood to have been released without charge .
Court dates are pending for those charged , but could arrive as quickly as early 2010 .
Media Temple Hacked
I do n’t normally do negative posts about another person or company , but I feel this needs to get out there .
A few hours ago I received an email from MediaTemple , where I host several of my clients .
It was an automated message informing me that :
This is an automated notice informing you that our system has reset your Server Administrator FTP / SSH password due to suspicious activity observed on your ( gs ) Grid-Service .
Our systems have taken measures to protect your service from any possible future exploits .
Since Media
Temple does n’t offer customers any FTP / SSH server logs for me to check , I called them to discuss .
The initial tech support representative and his manager were polite and helpful , explaining that an enormous amount of login attempts had been going on through many accounts , with a number of them being successful .
Many sites on many Media Temple accounts had been attacked and contained injected links in the footer :
<!– [ 6eb602d48b8b7f42aba0ce0c31ebe3f5 –><!– 9190819521 –>< noscript >< ul >< li > < a href= ” http://rg8rhg34h34h.cc/c”>.</a></li></ul></noscript><!–
6eb602d48b8b7f42aba0ce0c31ebe3f5 ] –>
I asked how in the world did hackers magically guess so many FTP / SSH passwords .
At first I was told that these were old passwords ( I was n’t explained the significance of why old passwords should be vulnerable ) .
Then I was told that the login data was stored in plain text in a database that had been compromised .
My jaw dropped .
In my entire life , I ’ve never heard of a company storing passwords in plain text .
This is bad enough , but then the database where these passwords were stored was somehow accessible to someone on the outside .
They were n’t able to give me any really good answer , other than that the issue was being worked on to revamp security on the servers , and that new account level security measures ( like not emailing passwords to new customers ) would be implemented .
I asked when they became aware of this issue , and was told within the past day .
Oddly enough , Kyle Brady at the Inquisitr and Ross Dally at Tinyenormous seemed to be aware of this long before earlier today .
I asked if Media Temple would be making a public announcement detailing the issues which led to the hacks , and what is being / has been done to correct them .
I was told to expect such an announcement .
So wait and see ?
Woman trucker swapped two children in her care for a pet cockatoo and $ 175
A woman trucker who swapped two young children she was looking after for a cockatoo and $ 175 is to face trial .
Donna Greenwell offered the boy aged five and his four - year - old sister to Paul and Brandy Romero after they put their exotic bird up for sale .
The Louisiana couple wanted $ 1,500 for the cockatoo , but Greenwell contacted them and they agreed to take the children and $ 175 in cash .
Romero , 45 , and his 28 - year - old wife have pleaded guilty to two counts of sale of a minor child .
Just trying to help : Paul and Brandy Romero have pleaded guilty to swapping their pet cockatoo for two children
' They were unable to have children of their own .
They were also unaware of the exact legal requirements for transferring custody of minor children , ' said prosecutor Nicole Gil of the Evangeline Parish District Attorney 's Office .
But their five - year prison sentences were suspended after they agreed to testify against Greenwell .
Greenwell is not the children 's mother , but they were living with her with their birth parents ' knowledge , prosecutors said .
' The Romeros maintain they were simply trying provide a home for two children that were unwanted , ' Gil said .
The court heard that the Romeros were approached by Greenwell after they placed an advertisement to sell the cockatoo .
Donna Greenwell and a cockatoo like the one she swapped the two children for .
The children are being looked after by a foster family and the bird by a vet
They said Greenwell , 53 , told them she did n't have enough money to buy the exotic bird outright , but could give them the children if they also gave her the money to pay for the legal transfer of custody .
Greenwell 's lawyer , Steve Sikich , said his client would plead not guilty to selling children .
Her only crime , he said , was trying to find the best home for the children after they were abandoned into her care by their biological parents .
Timothy Fontenot , a court - appointed attorney who represented Greenwell early on , said that the Romeros gave the bird to Greenwell ’s granddaughter and maintained that there was no swap involved .
Authorities said Greenwell was a cattle - hauling truck driver from Pitkin , in central Louisiana , with a criminal history dating back to the 1980s .
She remains free on a $ 100,000 bond .
We 've seen this over and over again .
While Americans seem to recognize that there 's been this thing called the housing crash , they do n't believe it 's happened to them , or at least a lot do n't .
Zillow : However , the third quarter of 2009 is a different story in both market behavior and homeowner perception .
As individual markets behaved very differently ( some improving , some flat , many still continuing to decline ) , homeowner perception was literally all over the map .
And for the first time , one sector of homeowners — those in the Northeast — was overly cynical about home values .
Meanwhile in the hardest - hit region of the country , the Western states , homeowners continued to be overly optimistic when evaluating the value of their own homes .
Nationwide , when asked about their own home ’s value over the past year :
• 25 % think their home ’s value has increased
• 26 % think their home ’s value has stayed the same
• 49 % think their home ’s value has decreased
In reality , 72 percent of U.S. homes lost value over the past year , and 22 percent of homes increased in value .
That ’s fewer homes declining versus Q2 ( 83 % ) , and a smaller Misperception Index of 10 ( vs. 13 in Q2 and 17 in Q3 2008 ) .
A Misperception Index of zero would mean homeowners ’ perceptions were in line with actual values .
Corcoran , California ( CNN ) --
At 75 , Charles Manson has spent more than half his life in prison for masterminding the notorious Helter Skelter killing spree that left actress Sharon Tate and six others dead in Los Angeles during the summer of 1969 .
Manson spent his 75th birthday this week at the state prison in Corcoran , California , where he is in the protective housing unit .
Some records indicate that Manson was born on November 12 , but Manson 's current associates and other records indicate his birthday was on Wednesday , November 11 .
" He spent the day the same way he spends every day in prison , " said Terry Thornton , spokeswoman for the state department of corrections .
" Lately , the prison has told me , he does n't come out of his cell very often . "
She added that Manson did n't mention his birthday to anyone , and only emerged from his cell for about 20 minutes on Wednesday .
While his appearance has changed significantly from the wide - eyed cult leader who appeared on the cover of Life magazine in 1969 , Manson continues to wield influence over some who consider him a wizened messenger .
Prison officials say Manson still gets lots of mail and spends most of his days singing and playing guitar in a high security unit .
He also spends time speaking to associates like " Gray Wolf , " 60 , and " Star , " a 24 - year - old fast food employee .
Wolf said Manson gave him his name -- just as he named members of his infamous " Family " of followers during the 1960s .
Wolf said he moved close to the prison in Corcoran so he could be near the man he believes possesses deep insight into environmental issues .
" Manson thinks the destruction of the environment is much more serious than we are being made out to believe , " Wolf told CNN .
" Our government keeps covering up problems with pollution , with coal , with automobiles .
Charlie says we need to get back to the horse . "
Vincent Bugliosi , the man who prosecuted Manson and sent him to prison for life , is not surprised that Manson continues to hold sway over some people .
" This is just a microcosm of the tremendous interest and fascination that people still have with Charles Manson , " Bugliosi said .
" The Manson Family no longer exists .
There 's no group calling itself the Manson Family on the outside .
And these people -- I would n't say they 're followers of Manson , that 's too strong a word -- they 're supporters . "
Their names and words sound similar to those of Manson 's past followers .
Gray believes Manson 's time in prison has given him a unique perspective on the environment .
" You can characterize prison as an ashram or a retreat where you have all this time to be by yourself and think and so he's had time to turn these issues over and over in his head , " Gray said .
" A legend has been made about Charlie Manson and there 's a media image that people make money off of every day , but it has nothing to do with Charlie personally .
He is a personable person , " he added .
Star also got her name from Manson , and moved from Illinois to be closer to him .
" He 's really witty and really sharp and he's got a lot of good humor , " she said .
" He 's got a weird sense of humor but I like it , it fits with me . "
The conversations range from small talk about life in prison to issues related to ATWA -- an acronym for Air , Trees , Water , Animals -- the ecological philosophy espoused by Manson and his followers , according to Wolf .
What 's really criminal , they say , is the way the environment is being poisoned .
" Crime is anything that 's done against your survival .
Any sin against your life is crime .
The problem is the atmosphere is dying , anything that sins against the air is a sin against your life , anybody that sins against the air should be considered a criminal and any sin against the air should be considered a crime , " Manson said in a recorded phone conversation .
In a recent recorded conversation with Star , Manson discussed the flooding in Malaysia :
" They had some bad rains and floods and a lot of people in trouble over there , so we 're sending them packages to help take care of them .
They are half Muslim and half Christians so we have to hold a balance , " he said in a recorded conversation .
" The way we live is freedom of religion so we do n't want [ any ] war against people .
We want a war against pollution .
A war against people is n't going to help anyone , a war against pollution will help everyone . "
Star says she was drawn to the man she described as a " monk in a monastery " by his environmental views .
" There 's a lot of people all around the world that would say they support Charles Manson and his vision of ATWA , " she said .
" The goal , really , the main goal is to basically save life on the planet Earth from the humans , " she said .
" We have a key to make this goal accomplished , and that key is Charlie Manson . "
But Bugliosi says there 's a darker attraction to Manson that reaches beyond the green movement .
" There 's a certain mystique that has developed around Manson , " he said .
" And one reason is that the very name Manson has come to be a metaphor for evil .
He 's come to represent the dark and malignant side of humanity , for whatever reason , people are fascinated by pure , unalloyed evil . "
CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg and Ann O'Neill contributed to this story .
It 's a small world ( enlarge )
Very little of the world 's land can now be thought of as inaccessible , according to a new map of connectedness .
The maps are based on a model which calculated how long it would take to travel to the nearest city of 50,000 or more people by land or water .
The model combines information on terrain and access to road , rail and river networks .
It also considers how factors like altitude , steepness of terrain and hold - ups like border crossings slow travel .
Plotted onto a map , the results throw up surprises .
First , less than 10 % of the world 's land is more than 48 hours of ground - based travel from the nearest city .
What 's more , many areas considered remote and inaccessible are not as far from civilisation as you might think .
In the Amazon , for example , extensive river networks and an increasing number of roads mean that only 20 % of the land is more than two days from a city - around the same proportion as Canada 's Quebec province .
Larger version , including key
Nowhere , three weeks from anywhere
It 's official , the world 's most remote place is on the Tibetan plateau ( 34.7 °N , 85.7°E ) .
From here , says Andy Nelson , a former researcher at the European Commission , it is a three - week trip to the cities of Lhasa or Korla - one day by car and the remaining 20 on foot .
Rough terrain and an altitude of 5200 metres also lend it a perfect air of " Do Not Disturb " .
A road to somewhere ( enlarge )
Based on satellite data from the US Geological Survey 's National Imagery and Mapping Agency , this map shows how the world is riddled with roads .
These can be further broken down to show road types ( see next image ) , which dictate how quickly a driver can zip along them ( see table ) .
Advertisement
Detail of roads in west Africa
Enlarge the image to see more of the detail
Keeping track of trains ( enlarge )
Unlike roads , which can evolve out of any old dirt track , railways require skilled labour and considerable investment .
As a result , they are confined mainly to the richer nations of Europe , the US , Australia and Japan .
Railway networks in India , Argentina and parts of Africa give clues to their colonial heritage .
The shipping news ( enlarge )
With the brightest colours representing the busiest shipping lanes , the English Channel , Mediterranean and South China Sea stand out as major trade routes .
Regions to the far north and south are left out in the cold , at least for now .
The shipping news - detail
China 's flourishing export trade is clearly seen , with some of the world 's busiest shipping lanes .
Water world ( enlarge )
The planet 's navigable rivers provide not only food and water , but also a valuable way of getting from A to B .
In areas where no roads penetrate , such as the Guiania region of eastern Colombia , river travel is simply the quickest way to get around .
The mapping model assumes a river travel time of 3 minutes per kilometre , though its creators point out that this will vary with flow , season and political stability .
Patchwork planet ( enlarge )
This map shows the different types of landcover on the Earth 's continents .
Click to see a larger version , including a key
It 's a sunny afternoon in a beautiful residential neighborhood on San Francisco 's Telegraph Hill , just below Coit Tower .
Succulent gardens frame a stunning view of Alcatraz and the bay .
It was in an apartment building on this street that the CIA dosed unsuspecting civilians on LSD over the course of a decade .
As I walk beside the high - end condos crowding the block , I try to imagine what it must have been like .
I picture myself stumbling through the streets , all the rich reds and blues of the flowering trees kaleidoscoping around me in fractured patterns .
Blood pounding in panic , I would n't know what was happening — only that I was apparently losing my mind .
The more I learn about the use of psychoactive drugs by the U.S. Intelligence Community and military , the more I feel driven to try to make sense of it on a human level .
Two themes consistently emerging in my research are : 1 ) uncertainty combined with urgency often distorts human conduct , and 2 ) genuine accountability is vital to constrain the darker impulses of exercising power .
— Lux
The Cold War Context
[ W ]e must expect a very marked increase in the importance of " peaceful " methods [ in combating the Soviet Union ] .
Our enemies will be even freer than [ ever ] to propagandize , subvert , sabotage , and exert pressures upon us , and we ourselves shall be more willing to bear these affronts and ourselves to indulge in such methods — in our eagerness to avoid at all costs the tragedy of open war .
1
" All warfare is based on deception . " -- Sun Tzu
Pseudo - Realities
A Saucerful of Secrets
At least 86 universities or institutions were involved in MKULTRA projects in varying capacities .
Mixed Results
" The best safeguard against abuses in the future is a complete public accounting of the abuses of the past . " -- Senator Edward Kennedy
on MKULTRA
Aftermath and Legacy
Coming to terms with MKULTRA helps illuminate the shadow of psychedelic history , and serves as a valuable reminder that where some people see tools of liberation and insight , others see weapons .
In 1955 , on behalf of the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) project MKULTRA , former Federal Bureau of Narcotics officer George White rented a three - story building on Telegraph Hill in San Francisco .
For the next ten years , the CIA paid prostitutes to lure men to this location and surreptitiously dose them with LSD or other psychoactive drugs .
Known as " Operation Midnight Climax " , this project was one of several exploring LSD 's potential use as a mind control tool by the U.S. Intelligence Community .
The CIA 's interest in mind control began in the final days of World War II .
With the advent of nuclear weapons , the fear of mutually - assured destruction prohibited military conflict between the United States and the Soviet Union .
Future struggles would instead rely heavily on covert operations , intelligence gathering , and propaganda .
In 1945 a U.S. intelligence officer warned that : Frances Saunders , author of The Cultural Cold War , comments that this " offers a definition of the Cold War as a psychological contest , of the manufacturing of consent by ' peaceful ' methods , and of the use of propaganda to erode positions .
" Just two years later , in 1947 , the CIA was created , and the U.S. infrastructure for prosecuting this new conflict was established .
According to most accounts , the CIA 's interest in mind control began with the Hungarian show trial of Cardinal Josef Mindszenty .
One of the highest - ranking members of the Catholic clergy in Europe , Mindszenty was arrested by Hungarian police and tried for treason in 1949 .
Before stunned global television audiences , he confessed to crimes he had not committed , while staring off into space and showing other signs of aberrant behavior .
The CIA feared that he had been brainwashed .
In 1953 CIA Director Allen Dulles warned the American public that the U.S.S.R. may have developed brainwashing technology .
Using language similar to the 1945 report quoted above , Dulles warned that the Cold War was becoming " a battle for men 's minds . [...]
We might call it in its new form , brain warfare .
" That same month Dulles authorized Project MKULTRA as a counter - offensive to this perceived threat .
The purpose of MKULTRA was " to investigate whether and how it was possible to modify an individual 's behavior by covert means .
" Sidney Gottlieb , director of the CIA 's Technical Services Staff , was placed in charge , and existing operations in mind and behavior control were transferred to MKULTRA .
Sub - projects investigated hypnosis , neurosurgery , electroshock , torture , sexual blackmail , stage magic , and poison , but their primary interest was psychoactive drugs .
A CIA behavior control psychologist once said , " The problem of every intelligence operation is how do you remove the human element ? "
This statement embodies the mentality driving the CIA 's interest in mind control techniques : the desire to eliminate complex human variables in order to achieve certainty and control .
But how can someone control another 's mind ?
When MKULTRA operative Morse Allen studied hypnosis , he found that he could not persuade people to do things against their will .
Subjects in a trance would refuse to shoot their friends .
However , Allen found that he could circumvent resistance by convincing people that the friend was actually a deadly enemy .
He had to change their perception of reality — create what he called a " pseudo - reality " — and then let them act naturally .
If he could create the right reality , he could manipulate people into doing almost anything .
Controlling perception facilitates control of actions , and the CIA developed projects designed to control perception on many scales .
Projects ranged from dosing individuals with LSD to influencing entire societies through planting false news stories or covertly shaping art and culture .
The perception - altering properties of LSD and other psychoactive drugs fit well with the CIA 's agenda .
The CIA focused on three potential applications for psychoactive drugs : " truth serums " that could be used during interrogation , drugs that could induce amnesia , and brainwashing techniques that could create what is often described as a " Manchurian Candidate " ( after the popular 1959 novel ) .
In fiction , a " Manchurian Candidate " is someone who has been brainwashed to carry out covert actions such as assassinations or sabotage against their will , without having the awareness that anything is amiss .
In pursuit of these goals , MKULTRA scientists investigated dozens of psychoactive agents , including psilocybin , bufotenin , scopolamine , DMT , amphetamines , barbiturates , cannabis , and cocaine .
They particularly focused on LSD , funneling hundreds of thousands of dollars through covert channels into LSD studies at clinics and hospitals .
Much of the basic research into LSD 's pharmacology conducted in the 1950s was funded by either the military or the CIA .
By 1952 Boston Psychopathic Hospital alone was receiving $ 40,000 a year for such studies , overseen by LSD researcher Dr. Robert Hyde .
MKULTRA operatives routinely violated ethical and legal guidelines .
For at least a decade , the CIA gave many U.S. citizens LSD without their knowledge , with the most infamous case involving Army officer Frank Olson .
After being dosed with LSD on the orders of MKULTRA director Sidney Gottlieb at a joint CIA / Army retreat in 1953 , Olson plunged into a deep depression and , according to the official story , committed suicide .
Yet in 1994 a forensic pathologist examined Olson 's body and found compelling evidence that Olson was murdered .
Dr. Harris Isbell , director of the Addiction Research Center at the Public Health Service Hospital in Lexington , Kentucky , was paid by MKULTRA to perform basic research on psychoactive drugs , including several psychedelics .
He drew test subjects from his captive patient population of opiate addicts , offering them heroin in exchange for " volunteering " for his experiments .
Subjects were administered LSD , DMT , mescaline , methamphetamine , psilocybin and other drugs , sometimes in very large doses .
In one experiment , Isbell administered LSD to seven men for 77 consecutive days .
Dr. Ewen Cameron of McGill University in Montreal developed experimental techniques to rebuild personalities in his clinic .
Cameron became interested in altering the structure of personality as a possible treatment for psychological disorders such as schizophrenia .
He believed that he could cure mental illness by replacing schizophrenic personalities with newly created ones .
The CIA had no interest in treating schizophrenia , but it was very interested in the possibility of rebuilding personality ; MKULTRA began covertly funding Cameron 's experiments in 1957 .
Cameron's " depatterning " process consisted of two stages .
In the first stage , amnesia was induced through an extreme form of " sleep therapy " , where subjects were heavily sedated and given daily electroshock treatments over a period of several weeks .
Cameron would next attempt to construct a new personality through " psychic driving " during which subjects were forced to listen to repeating tape loops , designed to restructure their psyches , for as long as sixteen hours a day for another several weeks .
They were sometimes restrained in beds , and frequently given doses of LSD .
At least 86 universities or institutions were involved in MKULTRA projects in varying capacities .
Many MKULTRA researchers were highly regarded ; Cameron was president of the American Psychiatric Association in 1953 , and Isbell 's findings were published in scientific journals and his tolerance studies are cited to this day .
MKULTRA covertly funded the Society for the Investigation for Human Ecology , a think tank that issued grants to leading figures like Carl Rogers , Margaret Mead , and Jean Piaget in exchange for their opinions on key subjects .
CIA official David Rhodes recalls , " If we picked up a Newsweek one morning and discovered so - and - so was doing something exciting in such - and - such field , I would get on the phone ... and say ' I 'm a rep of the Human Ecology Fund , and I 'm excited about what you 're doing .
Can I come by and have lunch with you ?'— which at the time was a lot easier than saying ' I 'm from the CIA ...'" R. Gordon Wasson 's trip to participate in a second mushroom velada ( ceremony ) with María Sabina was underwritten by MKULTRA .
Wasson was contacted " out of the blue " by James Moore , who had heard of Wasson 's discovery of psychoactive mushrooms and asked to accompany him on his next expedition .
Wasson accepted without knowing that Moore was a CIA agent , who would collect mushroom specimens for government analysis .
While not part of MKULTRA , related psychedelic research was funded by the U.S. Army in its investigation of chemical weapons .
George Aghajanian , a respected professor of Psychiatry at Yale , worked with LSD in the 1960s at the Edgewood Arsenal , where the Army looked into the use of LSD as an incapacitating agent .
Aghajanian was involved with research investigating aerosolized administration of LSD , a technique previously explored by MUKLTRA .
Current LSD research still prominently cites his work .
Psychiatrist Sidney Cohen , author of important early papers on LSD 's effects , also worked at Edgewood .
It is difficult to find researchers of psychedelics in the 1950s and 1960s who were not funded by or involved with Cold War agendas in some capacity , either wittingly or unwittingly .
This leads to an uncomfortable conclusion : the history of psychedelic drugs in the United States in the twentieth century is saturated with influence from the intelligence community and military .
Of the CIA 's three primary objectives for working with psychoactive drugs , the Agency was only successful in finding techniques to induce amnesia through the combination of barbiturates and electroshock therapy .
Attempts to develop truth serums and selective brainwashing techniques were largely unsuccessful .
Cameron was unsuccessful in creating new personalities .
He found that personality characteristics might become dormant after inducing amnesia , but they would consistently re-emerge .
His research suggests that personalities can be temporarily wiped out but not recreated — at least not through " depatterning " .
The hypnosis techniques developed by Morse Allen were deemed insufficient for operational use , because gains in control were offset by a critical loss of initiative .
" If you have one hundred percent control , you have one hundred percent dependency , " an MKULTRA veteran says of Allen 's experiments .
" If something happens and you have n't programmed it in , you 've got a problem .
If you try to put flexibility in , you lose control .
To the extent that you let the agent choose , you do n't have control .
" The CIA investigated dozens of drugs searching for a truth serum , but they were mostly unsuccessful .
Their primary candidates , sodium pentothal , LSD , and THC , all worked in roughly the same way — subjects became bewildered and forgot who they were talking to and what they were saying .
This technique was successful in getting subjects to lower their guard , but it introduced new problems .
Interrogators found that subjects , having lost the ability to distinguish between fantasy and reality , would sometimes confess to things that they clearly had not done .
Two truth drug psychiatrists wrote , " In some respects the demands on [ the psychiatrist 's ] skill will be increased by the baffling mixture of truth and fantasy in drug - induced output .
" Despite early fears of communist brainwashing , several studies concluded that the use of psychoactive drugs behind the Iron Curtain was negligible .
In one prominent 1953 MKULTRA study , psychiatrists Lawrence Hinkle and Harold Wolff concluded that China and the Soviet Union relied on brutality and re-education to change behavior .
A 1956 CIA report found that the most reliable technique for converting subjects to new ideologies was a combination of sleep deprivation , repeated interrogation , and isolation .
" The prisoner invariably feels that something must be done to find a way out . [...]
Ultimately , he finds himself faced with the choice of continuing interminably under the intolerable pressures of his captors or accepting the way out which the interrogator offers .
" While brute force achieved impressive results , the surgical precision sought by the Agency was not available through this method .
MKULTRA was discontinued in 1964 , and many of its sub-projects — including the San Francisco LSD project — were incorporated into its successor MKSEARCH .
Sidney Gottlieb remained in charge .
When CIA Director Richard Helms left office in 1972 , he and Gottlieb ordered all records of the operation destroyed .
MKULTRA came to light in 1974 following a New York Times article written by Seymour Hersh .
The article revealed that the CIA had conducted clandestine operations inside the U.S. in violation of its mandate , including the commission of crimes such as opening citizens ' mail .
Still in the throes of Watergate , the nation was outraged , and the Senate responded by investigating abuses of power by the U.S. Intelligence Community .
Committees led by Edward Kennedyand Frank Churchissued extensive reports documenting MKULTRA and other illegal operations such as the notorious FBI program COINTELPRO .
Frank Olson 's death ( described at the time as a suicide ) became public knowledge , prompting President Gerald Ford to apologize to the Olson family .
Journalist John Marks later located seven boxes of MKULTRA records that had escaped destruction due to a filing error .
In 1977 Marks obtained heavily - redacted copies of the documents after filing a Freedom of Information Act request .
Those records became the basis for his excellent 1979 book The Search for the Manchurian Candidate .
In response to public outcry , Presidents Ford and Reagan signed executive orders ( 11905 and 12333 ) forbidding tests on humans by the intelligence community without informed consent .
However , MKULTRA already violated existing policies and laws , which raises troubling questions .
Does covert testing on humans continue today ?
There is certainly no indication that the CIA experienced a change of heart .
In 1954 the Agency found Gottlieb responsible for violations of Agency policy and law that led to the death of Frank Olson , yet Gottlieb remained in charge of MKULTRA and MKSEARCH until 1972 .
The CIA 's sole response to Olson 's death was an internal memo noting that Gottlieb had shown " poor judgment " .
In 1977 Gottlieb was granted immunity from prosecution in exchange for providing testimony at the Senate hearings .
No employee of the CIA was ever terminated for dosing subjects with LSD without their knowledge , and despite the strident tones of the Senate hearings , no criminal charges have ever been filed related to MKULTRA .
There is considerable evidence that the U.S. intelligence community continues to tolerate or even encourage a similar culture of human rights violations in its execution of the " War on Terror " .
Former CIA Director George Tenet has publicly defended " enhanced interrogation techniques " ( e.g. waterboarding , stress positions ) in the wake of 9/11 .
Former CIA and FBI Director William Webster advocated the use of truth drugs on captives held in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , in 2002 .
The lawyer for Jose Padilla , the detained American accused of planning to detonate a radiological " dirty bomb " , has repeatedly insisted that Padilla was given " LSD or some other truth drug " during interrogation .
There is no clear way to confirm or deny this claim .
Ultimately , MKULTRA was a small and not - terribly - successful project at the CIA 's massive Directorate of Science and Technology .
While Gottlieb and Morse were experimenting with LSD and hypnosis , agents down the hall were designing the world 's first spy satellites and managing a fleet of U - 2 spy planes .
But despite its small scope , MKULTRA is central to the history of psychedelics because the project touched so many key figures involved with the early psychedelic movement .
Coming to terms with MKULTRA helps illuminate the shadow of psychedelic history , and serves as a valuable reminder that where some people see tools of liberation and insight , others see weapons .
HERE is something to get you in the mood tonight : a 10 - year Welsh study found that those who enjoyed an active sex life were 50 per cent less likely to have died during that time than those who did not .
And that 's just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to sexual health benefits , says body + soul 's sex and relationships therapist Dr Gabrielle Morrissey .
" It makes sense that sex is good for you because we need lots of inducements to do it so that we stay on the planet , " she says .
" Sex involves our circulatory , nervous and muscular systems and brains , so it 's a tune - up and workout of everything that ’s important . "
Sadly , it 's often the first thing to go when our health is on the blink .
" We have the attitude that sex is a luxury item instead of a necessity for wellness .
We also think of it as something only for the young and strong , but its effects are a bonus as we age . "
Still need convincing ?
Here are 10 health reasons to ramp up your sex life :
1 Less heart attacks and strokes
Films often depict men having heart attacks in the throes of passion , yet the estimates of this happening are about one in a million .
Research actually shows that having sex several times a week may cut your risk of a heart attack or stroke in half .
" Sex releases feel - good hormones such as dehydroepiandrosterone and oxytocin , " says Dr Darren Russell , president of the Australasian Chapter of Sexual Health Medicine .
" You get more blood moving through the blood vessels . "
2 Lowers blood pressure and stress
A small Scottish study exposed people to stressful situations and found that those who had regular sexual intercourse responded better to stress than those who engaged in other sexual activities or abstained .
A partner 's hug can do wonders , too : a US study found it can lower blood pressure and heart rates in premenopausal women .
" Touch releases quantities of oxytocin , so you do n’t have to orgasm , " Dr Morrissey says .
3 Reduces depression
Those feel - good hormones also help keep depression at bay , although US psychologist Dr Gordon Gallup found that women whose partners did not wear a condom during sex were less likely to be depressed than those whose did .
His theory ?
Semen contains the hormone prostaglandin , which may be absorbed through the vagina and act like an antidepressant .
But this does n't mean you should avoid condoms , he warns .
4 prevents osteoporosis
" Men and women who have regular sex have higher testosterone levels , ( which ) are linked to a lower risk of osteoporosis and bone problems , " says Dr Russell .
More studies are needed .
5 Keeps colds and flu at bay
Lots of sex means fewer colds and flu , say researchers from Wilkes University in Pennsylvania , USA .
They found that having sex once or twice a week increased production of the immune - boosting antibody immunoglobulin by a third .
A German study found that even masturbation can increase men’s white blood cells .
6 Prevents prostate cancer
Several large studies have shown that men in their 20s who ejaculate frequently ( about 21 times a month ) can reduce their risk of prostate cancer later in life by a third , compared to those who ejaculate five to seven times a month .
" It does n’t necessarily have to be intercourse , " Dr Russell adds .
7 Relieves headaches
Research shows that sex can alleviate an aching noggin , especially in women .
The endorphins and corticosteroids released have an analgaesic effect , alleviating the pain of headaches , arthritis , cramps and body aches .
" Endorphins are a natural painkiller , " Dr Russell says .
The production of oestrogen in women may also ward off period pain .
8 Improves sleep
Dr Russell prescribes sex for people with sleep problems .
" Sex helps people sleep better and is less addictive than things like Valium , " he says .
Again , it 's those powerful oxytocins at work .
In turn , sleep boosts mental and physical health .
9 Keeps you fit
Some experts say that 30 minutes of vigorous sex is comparable to 15 minutes on a treadmill or walking up two flights of stairs , and burns between 360 and 835 kilojoules .
Sex works the pelvis , thighs , buttocks , arms , neck and thorax .
Your pulse rate doubles from about 70 beats per minute to 150 , the same as an athlete mid-stride .
10 Prevents incontinence
The muscles that stem the flow of urine , reducing leakage and incontinence , are given a workout during sex , says Dr Morrissey .
" Orgasm is best because the entire pelvic floor contracts . "
Flexing your pelvic muscles during sex maximises the benefits and makes sex more pleasurable .
Use it or lose it
Regular sex keeps your genital organs in good working order , says Dr Darren Russell .
Abstaining for long periods may cause the following :
Erectile problems in older men : A Finnish study of men aged 55 to 75 found that those who had intercourse less than once a week had twice the risk of erectile dysfunction than those who had sex more often .
Vaginal atrophy in women : A decline in oestrogen , especially during menopause , can result in the thinning and inflammation of the vaginal walls .
" Once the oestrogen is gone , the vagina can atrophy and the tissues can wither away , " Dr Russell says .
This can cause pain and irritation if you return to sex after a long break .
" Regular sex keeps
the vagina lubricated and in good working order as a woman goes past the menopause . "
Vaginal oestrogen
creams can also help .
More great reasons to say " Yes ! " tonight :
Regular periods : US researchers found that women who have sex at least once a week have more regular menstrual cycles than those who have sex less often .
Look younger :
In Secrets Of The Superyoung ( Berkley ) , Dr David Weeks says his research found that couples who had sex three times a week looked seven years younger than those who had sex less often .
Other researchers say sex raises a woman ’s oestrogen levels , making her hair shinier and her skin more supple .
Better skin and teeth :
Some argue that the minerals in semen ( such as zinc and calcium ) help stop tooth decay and improve skin , but Dr Morrissey is not convinced .
" The kind of momentary exposure , even over a long , repetitive experience , could n’t possibly have any kind of impact , let alone the minimal number of minerals you ’re talking about . "
Check out some of the many stunning aerial shots readers have sent us .
At left , a scene during a Boston to London flight in November , 2007 .
Great strides have been made on all fronts the past few weeks .
Aubrey 's awesome character models , David 's hardcore animation editor work and Jeff 's fancy UI 's have come together to create some great new functionality in Overgrowth 's Phoenix Engine .
It 's been a little while since we 've done a tech demo , and I 've heard some clamoring on IRC and elsewhere for an explanation of how our new features work .
So without further ado , here is an initial rigging and animation editor tutorial .
Be sure to watch it in HD !
Press the triangle button for captions ( Press the triangle button for captions ( download transcript
This is just the beginning , I 've only shown off part of the functionality .
If you think the characters look kind of gooey , you 'll be happy to see the more advanced joint functionality that David has made possible .
Also , the bones will eventually become physics objects that are linked to capsules and then we will have 3D character meshes that can collapse like ragbot .
In conclusion , the end of the beard is nigh .
Thanks again to Mikko Tarmia and Anton Riehl for their amazing musical contributions which helped make this video possible .
YANAGAWA , Japan ( CNN ) -- Wearing a Nashville School of Law T - shirt , Christopher Savoie walked into a second - floor police interrogation room .
In one corner , a stopwatch was running to hold him to the 15 minutes allotted for the interview .
A Tennessee court awarded Christopher Savoie custody of his son , Isaac , and daughter , Rebecca .
" I 'm so scared , " he said .
Savoie chose his words carefully , lest police Officer Toshihiro Tanaka cut short the rare interview Savoie was granted with CNN on Thursday .
There were so many rules :
No recording devices .
No tough questions .
Speak only in Japanese .
" I want Americans to know what 's happening to me , " Savoie continued in Japanese .
" I did n't do anything wrong .
Children have the right to see both parents .
It 's very important for my children to know both parents . "
But Japanese authorities disagree .
They have charged Savoie , 38 , a Tennessee native and naturalized Japanese citizen , with kidnapping his two children -- 8 - year - old Isaac and 6 - year - old Rebecca -- as his estranged wife , Noriko , was walking them to school Monday in Yanagawa , a rural town in southern Japan .
Watch what else Savoie had to say »
He headed for the nearest U.S. consulate , in the city of Fukuoka , to try to obtain passports for the children , screaming at the guards to let him in the compound .
He was steps away from the front gate but still standing on Japanese soil .
Japanese police , alerted by his estranged wife , arrested him .
The Savoies were divorced in Tennessee in January after 14 years of marriage .
Christopher Savoie had visitation rights with his children , but after he returned from a short summer trip , his estranged wife fled to Japan with the children , according to court documents .
A United States court then granted sole custody to Savoie .
Watch why the case is complicated »
Japanese law , however , recognizes Noriko Savoie as the primary custodian , regardless of the U.S. court order .
The law there also follows a tradition of sole custody divorces .
When the couple splits , one parent typically makes a complete and lifelong break from the children .
Complicating the matter further is the fact that the couple is still considered married in Japan , because they never divorced there , police said Wednesday .
And , police said , the children are Japanese and have Japanese passports .
A 1980 Hague Convention standardized laws on international child abduction .
But Japan is not a party to that agreement .
Savoie was out of luck .
If a child in Japan is taken against the wishes of the recognized Japanese parent , the person who took the child is considered an abductor .
" Japanese people think she 's the victim here , " Savoie said .
" In the States , my ex-wife is the one who 's in the wrong . "
U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley recognized this case as a difficult one .
Even though the United States has strong ties with Japan , on this particular issue , the two nations ' points of view could not differ more , he said .
In Yanagawa , those who have heard about the abduction case tend to side with the woman .
" They belong with their real mother , " said one woman , herself a mother of two children .
But most have not heard of the case , because it has not been reported in local newspapers or on television .
Savoie 's attorney , Tadashi Yoshino , knows the cultural divide will be hard to overcome .
" He technically may have committed a crime according to Japanese law but he should n't be indicted , " Yoshino said .
" He did it for the love of his children . "
Savoie , a law student who already has a Ph.D. and a M.D. , will spend 10 days in jail while Japanese prosecutors sort out the details of the case .
In the interrogation room , Savoie appeared exhausted .
Tears welled in his eyes .
He glanced over at the police officer , then paused to regain composure .
" I love you , Isaac , Rebecca , " he said .
" Your daddy loves you forever .
I 'll be patient and strong until the day comes that I can see you both again .
I am very sorry that I can't be with you . "
He was grateful be able to get the words out .
Moments earlier , the interview had almost ended after Savoie blurted out in English : " I love you , " a message intended for his current wife , Amy , in Nashville .
Then , as is Japanese custom , he bowed .
And from the other side of the glass barrier , he gave a thumbs up , mouthing the words , " Thank you . "
All About Japan • Tennessee • Child Custody
Dr. Bevers suggests the drugs for women whose lifetime odds exceeds 20 percent .
That could include , for example , a 55 - year - old woman who began menstruating early ( increasing the risk ) , had her first child late ( again increasing the risk ) , and whose mother and sister got breast cancer .
About half the time , though , women with that kind of risk turn down the drugs , Dr. Bevers said .
“ The No. 1 reason I hear is , ‘ Oh , I just do n’t like to take medications , ’ ” she added .
Others , like Cecilia Anderson , who is 57 and lives in Houston , worry about side effects .
“ I felt like my quality of life was in question , ” she said .
“ I am busy , I am out there .
I totally love my life and do n’t want it to be compromised . ”
Her lifetime risk of breast cancer is 20.5 percent , compared with an average risk of 9.8 percent for a woman her age .
Ms. Anderson declined the drugs .
“ I live a different lifestyle , ” she said .
“ I eat organic foods , I exercise .
Through all of that comes a spiritual element as well .
Mind , body , and spirit are all connected . ”
Studies ’ Complications
Then came the studies of finasteride and dutasteride for prostate cancer .
The drugs block the conversion of testosterone to dihydrotestosterone , a hormone that prostate cancers need to grow .
They are on the market to shrink the prostate in older men , whose prostates often enlarge .
( Finasteride is also sold to grow hair  but the dose is one - fifth the dose that shrinks prostates and that dose has not been tested for cancer prevention . )
Doctors can prescribe the drugs for cancer prevention but , at this point , that is not on their label .
The prostate cancer studies were complicated by other another factor ; at first , researchers thought , erroneously , that finasteride was actually spurring the growth of aggressive prostate cancers .
The drug ’s side effects can include impotence or decreased ejaculate .
But the Food and Drug Administration concluded that these effects , if they occur at all , are gone after a year .
Now , even though the F.D.A. deemed the drug ’s adverse reactions to be “ usually mild and transient . ”
The American Urological Association and the American Society for Clinical Oncology recommend that men 50 and older consider taking it .
But there appears to be little interest even among high - risk men .
Dr. Vogel wonders what message the indifference to the breast cancer and prostate cancer drugs is sending .
Why would a company want to develop drugs for cancer prevention ?
That is a lesson that hits home , said Dr. Gregory Curt , an oncologist who directs emerging products at AstraZeneca , a drug company .
Home Scratch : Programming for All Mitchel Resnick , John Maloney , AndreÌs Monroy HernaÌndez , Natalie Rusk , Evelyn Eastmond , Karen Brennan , Amon Millner , Eric Rosenbaum , Jay Silver , Brian Silverman , Yasmin Kafai , Scratch : Programming for All , Communications of the ACM , vol. 52 , no .
11 , November 2009 .
When Moshe Vardi , Editor - in - Chief of CACM , invited us to submit an article about
Scratch , he shared the story of how he learned about Scratch : A couple of days ago , a colleague of mine ( CS faculty ) told me how she tried to
get her 10 - year - old daughter interested in programming , and the only thing that
appealed to her daughter ( hugely ) was Scratch .
Thatâ€™s what we were hoping for when we set out to develop Scratch six years ago .
We
wanted to develop an approach to programming that would appeal to people who hadnâ€™t
previously imagined themselves as programmers .
We wanted to make it easy for
everyone , of all ages , backgrounds , and interests , to program their own interactive stories ,
games , animations , and simulations â€ “ and to share their creations with one another .
Scratch is the cover story of the November 2009 issue of CACM .
The goal of Scratch is to get kids programming so that they become more fluent in information technology , and develop " computational thinking " skills .
Scratch is a graphical language based on a collection of â€œprogramming blocksâ€ that children snap together like Lego blocks to create programs .
The programs themselves appear to be imperative in nature ( at least based on the samples in the CACM article ) .
Programs can be made concurrent by creating multiple stacks of blocks , and the authors claim that their goal is to make concurrent execution as intuitive as parallel execution .
Scratch was previously mentioned on LtU here .
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
Dear Mexican : As a Mexican - American , I 've lived in St. Louis for about 17 years and have seen a substantial influx of my brethren .
Nevertheless , I 'm for border security — against the no-good , godless Canadians .
I hate Canadians !
Funny accents and cold weather — ha !
Why is America not closing the Canadian border ?
Those bunch of hockey - playin ' , maple syrup - eatin ' hijos de putas should take responsibility for the atrocities they have committed against good , God-fearin ' American folks —
Avril Lavigne , Alanis Morissette , among others .
Where does the humanity begin and hopelessness end ?
I expect that the Canadian - American War may begin at any moment , and I can hardly wait to bitch - slap a non-O- pronouncin ' mawfucka .
— El Commandante de Cinco Estrellas de los Chulos del Mundo
Dear Five - Star Commander of the World 's Handsome Men : I will not stand idly while you denigrate an entire race .
How can anyone hate Canadians ?
Such simple people who let Mexicans steal their precious
Wave , thereby eliminating one of the few contributions they 've made to world culture besides hockey , comedians and Lennox Lewis ?
Besides , those snowheads with their pleasant ways always ask the Mexican questions about his hermanos despite the relative dearth of wabs in Canada .
( The swarthy hated folks in the Great White Norte are the Pakis , I do believe .
Or Newfoundlanders .
I forget . )
We know why our northern border is largely unprotected : no Mexicans on the other side .
Besides , why are you trying to antagonize the last , best hope in North America ?
My Canadian peers : Ignore this pinche puto pendejo baboso .
The Mexican nation worships ustedes like the gabacho gods you are .
All hail to the hoja de arce !
Info Immigration Ask the Mexican at themexican@askamexican.net , myspace.com/ocwab , facebook.com / garellano , find him on Twitter , or write via snail mail at : Gustavo Arellano , P.O. Box 1433 , Anaheim , CA 92815-1433 .
I 've been together with my Mexican boyfriend for more than three years .
However , at the beginning , I had problems getting along with my mother - in - law , and now that I 'll get to meet the mother of my mother - in - law , it seems things might get rougher with her .
I try my best , but it never seems good enough .
What should I do ?
I also have difficulties understanding that mi novio is looking forward to scaring the first boy that would approach his young sister .
Por favor explain to me how to seduce la familia !
— Saludos Desde Quebec , Canada !
Dear Facebook Friend : I 've answered this question before — go through the ¡ Ask a Mexican !
archives in my book for further consultation .
One major point I forgot to explicar only because it 's so obvious — but for you Canadians , I 'll explain slowly — is that in Mexican culture , the mother is queen , and la abuelita is empress : even more regal , more difficult , more beautiful and more terrifying .
Proceed with caution — tell her she looks like Maria Félix , but DON'T mention the old - age home or the prodigal son who 's only going to show up when she dies to claim his part of an abandoned casa in the rancho .
Around our store in Little Saigon , it 's a running gag that " Nguyen " is the Vietnamese " Smith " and " Tran " is the Vietnamese " Jones . "
That got me thinking about an old question of mine :
Which of these four common Spanish last names — Rodriguez , Lopez , Hernandez and Gomez — would count as the Mexican " Jones " ?
And , while I 'm asking , a little historical query :
How did those family names become so prevalent anyway ?
— Canadian Guy of English Descent Whose Name Is Not Smith
Dear Hoser Gabacho Who Works With Chinitos : Since the 2000 U.S. census counts Jones as the fifth - most popular surname in the United States , its wabby corollary would logically be Lopez , since it 's the fifth - most common Hispanic apellido , following Garcia , Rodriguez , Martinez and Hernandez .
But that means Tran is the Vietnamese Johnson , and Hoang its Jones .
Prevalence ?
Same way other surnames spread :
Their carriers schtupped as much as possible to keep up with the Lopezes .
MASCULINIST : Protester Benjamin Easton shouts for fathers ' rights outside the Palmerston North court house yesterday .
Fathers ' rights were shouted to the streets of Palmerston North yesterday .
Five placard - waving people protested against the Family Court 's systems outside the Palmerston North court house .
Protester and anti-Family Court activist Benjamin Easton said he wanted better representation for non-custodial fathers , whom he claimed were treated unfairly by the court system .
People passing the protest stopped and talked .
Some signed the placards in support with messages such as " it 's not fair " and " good luck " .
Others called the megaphone slogans noise pollution .
As part of their protest , four other protesters went into the court house and sat on the floor .
Staff told them they could not protest inside the court or outside the main entrance 's steps .
The protesters complied with their request to move .
Mr Easton said non-custodial fathers loved their children , but court - ordered separations could smash fathers ' lives in an instant .
" Bang !
Bye bye son .
Bang !
Bye bye daughter , " he shouted through a megaphone .
Mr Easton had an unhappy experience with the Family Court in 2000 .
Two of Mr Easton 's fellow protesters said separation from their children led some men to depression , alcoholism and even suicide .
" It just haunts you , " one supporter said .
" You ca n't escape it . "
Palmerston North Courthouse manager Marcus Vettise said he was advised of Mr Easton 's " Paint the Complaint " protest in advance .
" We take a neutral stance ... people have a right to freedom of expression . "
“ Anger always comes from frustrated expectations ” .
Elliott Larson
Expectations are – simply put – the building blocks and the breaking points of everything in life .
Whether in the way we conduct our personal lives or business wise , expectations usually have the power to strengthen or hinder efforts and in turn influence any outcomes either positively or negatively .
Hundreds , no , thousands of books and articles were published about various subjects pertaining to expectations all around us .
The main reason for these publications is to prepare individuals for what they might face in certain situations or during specific events or cases and how to deal with them accordingly .
Social Media Expectations :
The good , the bad & the ugly !
Preconceptions about a certain concept , person , place and so on have the ability to cause confusion .
This is because the human mind conditions itself to a certain way of dealing with things based on prior expectations .
Thus , if the expectations are not met , the mind usually refuses to change its perceptions and whatever is at play might lose its credibility and attractiveness element .
Therefore , I thought I would prepare a list , divided into 3 categories : the good , the bad and the ugly .
The main purpose of this list is pointing out everything one must expect to encounter through his / her use of social media channels , tools and platforms .
1. The Good …
“ Social media might be the devil but is not the reaper ! ”
Do you remember this statement ?
It was the title of a previous post of mine and it sure does apply here .
Almost nothing in life is 100 % bad or good .
This can be practiced when utilizing social media channels and tools .
Here are a few good things can expect when using social media , in an appropriate and organized manner .
Take a look :
Learning New Things :
Personally , I have noticed a notable positive change in my pool of knowledge since I have started being a regular social media user .
Not only did my overall know - how about different topics expand , it deepened as well .
On average , I am exposed to over 100 articles per day with more than 40 % of them being both interesting and informative .
Thus , based on that , if your aim is to learn more , social media can be your answer !
: Personally , I have noticed a notable positive change in my pool of knowledge since I have started being a regular social media user .
Not only did my overall know - how about different topics expand , it deepened as well .
On average , .
Thus , based on that , if your aim is to learn more , social media can be your answer !
Meeting Quality People :
Though online relationships are not always safe or guaranteed , this can also be the case with the people we meet anywhere and at any given time .
Social media can allow you to formulate relationships with different people around the world who come from different cultures and have different backgrounds and experiences to share !
Also , social media has the power to provide you with leads of potential customers and so on .
: Though online relationships are not always safe or guaranteed , this can also be the case with the people we meet anywhere and at any given time .
and so on .
Making a Difference :
Do you feel that you want to contribute to your society or help with environmental issues ?
Do you want to make a difference in other people ’s lives ?
Social media can help you achieve that easily through a variety of cause related discussions , features and campaigns .
: Do you feel that you want to contribute to your society or help with environmental issues ?
Do you want to make a difference in other people ’s lives ?
Expanding Personal Horizons :
When you find yourself being exposed to various topics , different thoughts , creative ideas and different personalities , you are more able to grow .
I truly believe that social media has the power to expand its users ’ horizons in terms of thinking , evaluating and decision making !
2. The Bad :
Stumbling Upon the “ Wrong ” People :
Whether they are perverts , crooks , stalkers , biased or just spammers , social media open the door for you to interact with these people , those who you would rarely meet face - to - face .
Yet , do n’t let this frustrate you !
There are good people out there too !
: Whether they are those who you would rarely meet face - to - face .
Yet , do n’t let this frustrate you !
There are good people out there too !
Being Subjected to Spam : Just as you might learn new things while using social media , you might also be subjected to spam and even become a victim of it .
Therefore , you carefully choose whom you follow and what links you click on and open to avoid hacks and viruses as well as offensive content .
Having to Tolerate Repetitiveness :
If you become a regular social media user , you will need to tolerate repetitiveness !
Some social bookmarking sites and others tools such as Twitter allow for duplicate information to be publicized .
3 . The Ugly :
Privacy Issues :
It should come as no surprise that the more you use your name and information publicly , the more you are exposed to privacy breaches and phishing attacks .
Social media is the hub of those incidents , especially if you are not careful with what you share and with whom .
: It should come as no surprise that especially if you are not careful with what you share and with whom .
Turning Users into Targets :
When abused , social media has the power to turn its users into targets to theft and other offline offensive acts of vandalism or threats .
: When abused , social media has the power to turn its users into targets to theft and other offline offensive acts of vandalism or threats .
Losing Touch with Reality : Some people have the ability to lose touch with reality when abusing a certain substance or tool .
Social media can cause that as well as other mentally related issues and complications .
The Tip of the Iceberg !
No two experiences can be exactly the same .
Yet , when we at least have some kind of true to what we are dealing with , we are less prone to disappointment and confusion .
Finally , I ’d like to ask you a few questions :
Do you think the good outweighs the bad when it comes to social media utilization ?
Can you share with us a few good , bad and ugly stories experienced via social media ?
Looking forward to your comments down below ! :)
Erik Estavillo is suing Activision Blizzard over World of Warcraft .
Erik Estavillo is also a funny guy .
Advertisement
That or he 's crazy .
It could go either way .
Estavillo claims the company " continues to maintain a harmful virtual environment to many of its customers by forcing them to follow [ World of Warcraft 's ] sneaky and deceitful practices " .
Advertisement
And what could those " sneaky and deceitful practices " be ?
Walking is one of them , as he feels it takes too long to get from one point to the other in the game world .
Because you can only speed up through extended play or buy purchasing an expansion pack , that qualifies as " deceitful " .
He also believes that , because of a litany of health problems he suffers from ( including OCD , agoraphobia , depression and Crohn 's Disease ) , he 's at risk of sharing the fate of Shawn Woolley , an Everquest player who committed suicide in 2001 .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The best part follows : to back up his claims , Estavillo has subpoenaed Winona Ryder ( who would presumably be able to " explain the significance of alienation in Catcher in the Rye " ) and Martin Lee Gore , of Depeche Mode ( " he himself has been known to be sad , lonely , and alienated as can be seen in the songs he writes " ) .
Best of luck , Erik .
Winona Ryder , Depeche Mode Factor in WOW Lawsuit [ GamePolitics ]
RICHMOND , B.C.
–The city that will play host to long track speed skating during the 2010 Olympics is putting satirical talk show host Stephen Colbert on notice .
Colbert , who recently announced he 's sponsoring the cash - strapped U.S. speed skating team during the upcoming Winter Games , has given Canadians a strict wag of the finger for denying the American squad ice time at the Olympic oval in Richmond , B.C .
Colbert has called Canucks " syrup - sucking Canadian iceholes " and has urged his Colbert Report viewers to send in letters demanding Canadians cease their icehole - ish behaviour .
He 's told his viewers to include their addresses because Canadians are so polite they 'll undoubtedly reply with a thank you note .
City of Richmond spokesman Ted Townsend has sent a letter of his own to Colbert 's studios in New York , offering the former Daily Show correspondent an olive branch .
" Dear Cousin , " the letter begins .
" As a proud syrup sucker , I am saddened that you would cast aspersions on Canadians as part of your otherwise laudable quest to assist the cash - strapped American speed skating team .
" We have always welcomed our friends from south of the border with open arms ( well , except in 1812 ) .
In fact , we 've always fondly considered you as our American ' cousins ' and politely tolerated you , even when you were in an imperialistic mood . "
Townsend wrote in the letter that international skaters have never been barred from the Olympic oval , though they have been asked to follow rules to get on the ice .
" You might have noticed that us syrup - suckers are big on rules and regulating things ; that 's how we got universal public medicare , " the letter reads .
But to show there are no hard feelings , Townsend , who calls himself " chief syrup sucker , " has offered Colbert a position as ombudsman of treatment for American speed skaters during the 2010 Games .
The city has included a pink toque with the letter , which Townsend said could be part of Colbert 's uniform during the Games .
" We hope you will take us up on this offer , dear cousin , " Townsend letter reads .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" We suggest you start the training for your new position now .
A good start would be to acclimatize yourself by drinking at least one litre ( oops , sorry , make that a quart , I forgot that you Americans do n't do metric ) of radiator anti-freeze fluid per day . "
Read more about :
Mr. Regev , the Israeli government spokesman , said he found the whole equation between Israel and Hamas in the United Nations report ’s recommendations “ bordering on the bizarre . ”
Among the Israeli public , the report elicited , for the most part , a furious reaction .
Most Israelis strongly supported the offensive in Gaza as the only way to stop the rocket fire .
The international condemnation did little to crack that unity , nor have the highly critical reports issued since the war by international organizations and human rights groups .
Instead , the reports have prompted a sense that Israel ’s very legitimacy is under attack .
The Goldstone report fell into the same pattern .
Some Israelis said they were shocked by the breadth of topics it addressed  its description of life in the West Bank and the separation barrier , for example , and Israel ’s internal politics  seeing many issues as outside the commission ’s mandate .
Instead , they said , the report appeared to embrace years of United Nations complaints .
Many Israelis also criticized the report for what they called its failure to understand the difficulties of asymmetrical warfare .
“ The whole body of international law is based on army against army , ” said Gerald M. Steinberg , a political scientist at Bar - Ilan University and a leading force in Israel against what some here consider the politicized nature of human rights discourse .
“ What is a civilian ?
They used to be people who do n’t wear uniforms and are outside the military .
But if you have Gaza or Southern Lebanese guerrilla forces who do n’t wear uniforms , who are illegal combatants , when is it a legitimate target ? ”
Yaron Ezrahi , a political scientist at Hebrew University who has been highly critical of the Gaza operation , said : “ Goldstone should have acknowledged that this asymmetry creates a disadvantage for the state .
It places a great strain on our political system .
Israel has an extremely difficult time staying democratic in the ruthlessly hostile environment of the Middle East .
Comfortable governments in the West cannot begin to understand the plight of a country that went through nine wars . ”
During the years when Hamas sent thousands of rockets at Israeli civilians , the United Nations human rights bodies did not put together an investigation or issue a condemnation , Professors Steinberg and Ezrahi , and other experts , said , doing so only after Israel retaliated .
In addition , officials here said , Israel ’s attack on Gaza was part of its need to deter Iran and its proxies and could not be looked at in isolation .
Amid the furor , some in Israel concurred with the panel ’s call for further investigation .
A group of nine rights organizations said in a statement that they had written to Israel ’s attorney general to demand that he establish an independent body to investigate the military ’s activities in Gaza , but that he rejected their request .
A rain - soaked US Open 2009 held a few big surprises for tennis fans .
Serena Williams ' bizarre , expletive - laden ejection after a terrible call gave the semifinal to Kim Clijsters , although Clijsters appeared headed for victory anyway .
Clijsters became the first unseeded woman to win the US Open , coming out of a two - year retirement .
She 's also the first mom to win since 1980 .
Juan Martin Del Potro needed no help from officials to upset Roger Federer in the men's final , ending Federer 's streak of five US Open championships .
Del Potro was appearing in his first majors final , while Federer has played in 16 of the last 17 Grand Slam finals .
( 26 photos total
The human rights of women throughout the Middle East and North Africa are systematically denied by each of the countries in the region , despite the diversity of their political systems .
Many governments routinely suppress civil society by restricting freedom of the press , expression , and assembly .
These restrictions adversely affect both men and women ; however , women are subject to a host of additional gender - specific human rights violations .
For example , family , penal , and citizenship laws throughout the region relegate women to a subordinate status compared to their male counterparts .
This legal discrimination undermines women ’s full personhood and equal participation in society and puts women at an increased risk for violence .
Family matters in countries as diverse as Iran , Egypt , Israel , Lebanon , and Saudi Arabia are governed by religion - based personal status codes .
Many of these laws treat women essentially as legal minors under the eternal guardianship of their male family members .
Family decision - making is thought to be the exclusive domain of men , who enjoy by default the legal status of “ head of household . ”
These notions are supported by family courts in the region that often reinforce the primacy of male decision - making power .
Here are ten of the most extreme examples of gender inequality you can find currently practiced , often state - sanctioned , in the world today .
10 Forbidden from driving
In Saudi Arabia , women are n’t allowed to drive , or even ride bikes , and men are n’t allowed to drive women they ’re not closely related to .
The kingdom is currently dealing with the dilemma of how to get 367,000 girls to school on buses that can only be driven by men .
The logical question at this point is this :
If no men are allowed to come in contact with schoolgirls , and women are n’t allowed to drive , who will be driving the school buses ?
The Ministry of Education is currently recruiting “ Al - Ameen ” or trustworthy men for this initiative .
It may be hard for some to take this term seriously considering the way Saudi Arabia ’s religious police infamously broke the trust of 15 girls ’ parents in 2002 when a girls ’ school was on fire .
The police forbade them from leaving the building , and in some cases beat them to keep them from leaving , because the girls ’ heads were n’t properly veiled .
The girls all died in the fire .
One has to wonder how the Ministry of Education plans to handle school - bus breakdowns near similarly inclined men .
9 Clothing requirements
In 2001 a militant group called Lashkar - e - Jabar demanded that Muslim women in Kashmir wear burqas , head to toe garments that cover their clothes , or risk being attacked .
Men threw acid in the faces of two women for not covering up in public .
The group also demanded that Hindu and Sikh women dress so as to identify themselves : they said that Hindu women should wear a bindi ( the traditional colored dot ) on their foreheads , and Sikh women should cover their heads with saffron - colored cloth .
8 Right to divorce
In many countries , while husbands can divorce their spouses easily ( often instantaneously through oral repudiation ) , wives ’ access to divorce is often extremely limited , and they frequently confront near insurmountable legal and financial obstacles .
In Lebanon , battered women cannot file for divorce on the basis of abuse without the testimony of an eyewitness .
A medical certificate from a doctor documenting physical abuse is simply not good enough .
Although women in Egypt can now legally initiate a divorce without cause , they must agree not only to renounce all rights to the couple ’s finances , but must also repay their dowries .
Essentially , they have to buy their freedom .
In Israel , a man must grant his wife a get , a Jewish divorce writ that can only be given by a man to his wife – never the other way around .
7 Access to education
In many areas of Afghanistan , girls are often taken out of school when they hit puberty .
Cultural factors related to the ‘ correctness ’ of sending girls to school , reluctance to send girls and boys to the same school after third grade , as well as the perceived and real security threats related to girls walking to school and attending classes all contribute to slowing down the enrollment of girls in schools .
Likewise , the enormous lack of female teachers , who are fundamental in a country where girls cannot be taught by a man after a certain age , is having a negative impact on girls ’ education .
While progress has been made since the fall of the Taliban , women are still struggling to see their rights fulfilled .
Literacy rates among young Afghan women are disturbingly low : only 18 per cent of women between 15 and 24 can read .
While the total number of children enrolled in primary schools is increasing tremendously , the percentage of female students is not .
6 Right to travel
Husbands in Egypt and Bahrain can file an official complaint at the airport to forbid their wives from leaving the country for any reason .
In Syria , a husband can prevent his wife from leaving the country .
In Iraq , Libya , Jordan , Morocco , Oman and Yemen , married women must have their husband ’s written permission to travel abroad , and they may be prevented from doing so for any reason .
In Saudi Arabia , women must obtain written permission from their closest male relative to leave the country or travel on public transportation between different parts of the kingdom .
5 Victims of violence
Women ’s unequal legal rights increase their vulnerability to violence .
In many countries in the region , no specific laws or provisions exist to penalize domestic violence , even though domestic violence is a widespread problem .
Domestic violence is generally considered to be a private matter outside the state ’s jurisdiction .
Battered women are told to go home if they attempt to file a complaint with the police .
Few shelters exist to protect women who fear for their lives .
Spousal rape has not been criminalized ; husbands have an absolute right to their wives ’ bodies at all times .
Penal codes in several countries in the region also contain provisions that authorize the police and judges to drop charges against a rapist if he agrees to marry his victim .
4 Custody rights
In Bahrain , where family law is not codified , judges have complete power to deny women custody of their children for the most arbitrary reasons .
Bahraini women who have been courageous enough to expose and challenge these violations in 2003 were sued for slander by eleven family court judges .
3 Citizenship
Most countries in the region - with the exception of Iran , Tunisia , Israel , and to a limited extent Egypt - have permitted only fathers to pass citizenship on to their children .
Women married to non-nationals are denied this fundamental right .
2 Sexual subjugation
Many countries criminalize adult , consensual sex outside of marriage .
In Morocco , women are much more likely to be charged with having violated penal code prohibitions on sexual relations outside of marriage than men .
Unmarried pregnant women are particularly at risk of prosecution .
The Moroccan penal code also considers the rape of a virgin as an aggravating circumstance of assault .
The message is clear : the degree of punishment of the perpetrator is determined by the sexual experience of the victim .
1 Female infanticide
China ’s one child policy has heightened the disdain for female infants ; abortion , neglect , abandonment , and infanticide have been known to occur to female infants .
The result of such family planning has been the disparate ratio of 114 males for every 100 females among babies from birth through children four years of age .
Normally , 105 males are naturally born for every 100 females .
Similarly , the number of girls born and surviving in India is significantly less compared with the number of boys , due to the disproportionate numbers of female fetuses being aborted and baby girls deliberately neglected and left to die .
The normal ratio of births should be 950 girls for every 1000 boys , however in some regions the number is as low as 300 .
Brazil will take proposals for voluntary reductions of 38 - 42 % by 2020 to the Copenhagen climate change conference next month , chief of staff says
The Brazilian government is preparing to pledge a big curb in its greenhouse gas emissions by 2020 as a " political gesture " aimed at pressing rich nations into agreeing to large cuts in carbon .
The country 's chief of staff , Dilma Rousseff , said Brazil would take proposals for voluntary reductions of 38 - 42 % by 2020 to the Copenhagen climate change summit next month .
The reductions are from projected 2020 emissions levels if no action was taken .
" What Brazil is doing is a political gesture , " said Rouseff , following a climate change meeting in Sao Paulo yesterday .
" We still believe that the responsibility belongs to the developed countries . "
She said the reductions were voluntary , and not binding " targets " , which she said should only be set for developed countries with higher emissions .
Rouseff 's intervention strikes at the core of the impasse in the global warming talks .
Scientists say rich nations with long polluting histories , like the US , need to cut emissions by 25 - 40 % by 2020 on 1990 levels , but the offers on the negotiating table fall short of this .
Poorer developing nations need , say experts , to cut their emissions by 15 - 30 % by 2020 compared to business - as - usual .
By stepping up to its side of the deal , Brazil is making an open challenge to the US , where Senate legislation on climate change is near deadlocked .
Half of Brazil 's proposed cuts will come from a reduction in deforestation , while the remaining 20 % relates to industry and farming .
" We are already an example to the world .
But the fact that we are going to announce a significant objective does not mean we do not know that the responsible ones are the developed countries , " Rousseff said .
Brazil 's official position for the Copenhagen talks is expected to be announced before this weekend .
Brazilian negotiators are already expected to announce plans to cut deforestation by 80 % by 2020 .
Sergio Leitao , the director of public policies for Greenpeace Brasil , said that the proposed numbers " were good " but that the Brazilian government needed to take on " concrete targets " not voluntary reductions : " If it does n't , nobody will do anything . "
The recent emergence of rainforest defender , Marina Silva , as a potential presidential candidate for next year 's elections , has helped propel the environment back onto the political agenda in Brazil .
Rousseff , a Workers ' party minister , who is president Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva 's favoured presidential candidate , is set to travel to Copenhagen next month to lead the Brazilian climate change delegation .
Two middle - school girls were arrested after they filmed an assault on a classmate in Benicia and posted it on YouTube , police said Monday .
The girls , ages 12 and 14 , attacked their 13 - year - old classmate at Benicia Middle School twice because they believed she had been making disparaging comments about them , police Lt. Mike Daley said .
Coliseum : Carlos Gotay / Getty Images ; Sistine Chapel ceiling : Vatican Museums and Galleries , Vatican City , Italy / The Bridgeman Art Library ; Lincoln : the Bridgeman Art Library ; Shakespeare : Ken Welsh / The Bridgeman Art Library
At his Senate confirmation hearing in February , Arne Duncan succinctly summarized the Obama administration ’s approach to education reform : “ We must build upon what works .
We must stop doing what does n’t work . ”
Since becoming education secretary , Duncan has launched a $ 4.3 billion federal “ Race to the Top ” initiative that encourages states to experiment with various accountability reforms .
Yet he has ignored one state reform that has proven to work , as well as the education thinker whose ideas inspired it .
The state is Massachusetts , and the education thinker is E. D. Hirsch , Jr .
The “ Massachusetts miracle , ” in which Bay State students ’ soaring test scores broke records , was the direct consequence of the state legislature ’s passage of the 1993 Education Reform Act , which established knowledge - based standards for all grades and a rigorous testing system linked to the new standards .
And those standards , Massachusetts reformers have acknowledged , are Hirsch ’s legacy .
If the Obama administration truly wants to have a positive impact on American education , it should embrace Hirsch ’s ideas and urge other states to do the same .
Hirsch draws his insights from well outside traditional education scholarship .
He started out studying chemistry at Cornell University but , mesmerized by Nabokov ’s lectures on Russian literature , switched his major to English .
Hirsch did his graduate studies at Yale , one of the citadels in the 1950s of the New Criticism , which argued that the intent of an author , the reader ’s subjective response , and the text ’s historical background were largely irrelevant to a critical analysis of the text itself .
But by the time Hirsch wrote his doctoral dissertation — on Wordsworth — he was already breaking with the New Critics .
“ I came to see that the text alone is not enough , ” Hirsch said to me recently at his Charlottesville , Virginia , home .
“ The unspoken — that is , relevant background knowledge — is absolutely crucial in reading a text . ”
Hirsch ’s big work of literary theory in his early academic career , Validity in Interpretation , reflected this shift in thinking .
After publishing several more well - received scholarly books and articles , he received an endowed professorship and became chairman of the English department at the University of Virginia .
Hirsch was at the pinnacle of the academic world , in his mid-fifties , when he was struck by an insight into how reading is taught that , he says , “ changed my life . ”
He was “ feeling guilty ” about the department ’s inadequate freshman writing course , he recalls .
Though UVA ’s admissions standards were as competitive as the Ivies ’ , the reading and writing skills of many incoming students were poor , sure to handicap them in their future academic work .
In trying to figure out how to close this “ literacy gap , ” Hirsch conducted an experiment on reading comprehension , using two groups of college students .
Members of the first group possessed broad background knowledge in subjects like history , geography , civics , the arts , and basic science ; members of the second , often from disadvantaged homes , lacked such knowledge .
The knowledgeable students , it turned out , could far more easily comprehend and analyze difficult college - level texts ( both fiction and nonfiction ) than their poorly informed brethren could .
Hirsch had discovered “ a way to measure the variations in reading skill attributable to variations in the relevant background knowledge of audiences . ”
This finding , first published in a psychology journal , was consistent with Hirsch ’s past scholarship , in which he had argued that the author takes for granted that his readers have crucial background knowledge .
Hirsch was also convinced that the problem of inadequate background knowledge began in the early grades .
Elementary school teachers thus had to be more explicit about imparting such knowledge to students — indeed , this was even more important than teaching the “ skills ” of reading and writing , Hirsch believed .
Hirsch ’s insight contravened the conventional wisdom in the nation ’s education schools : that teaching facts was unimportant , and that students instead should learn “ how to ” skills .
Hirsch gave a lecture on the implications of his study at a Modern Language Association conference and then expanded the argument in a 1983 article , titled “ Cultural Literacy , ” in The American Scholar .
The article caused a stir , not so much in the academy ( and certainly not in the ed schools ) as among public intellectuals .
William Bennett , then chair of the National Endowment for the Humanities , encouraged Hirsch to pursue his theme .
Education historian Diane Ravitch urged him to get a book out fast and to call it Cultural Literacy as well .
Hirsch heeded the advice , and in 1987 , the book landed on the New York Times ’s bestseller list , where it stayed for 26 weeks , resulting in a dramatic career change for the author .
He kept researching and writing about how to improve the “ cultural literacy ” of young Americans and launched the Core Knowledge Foundation , which sought to create a knowledge - based curriculum for the nation ’s elementary schools .
A wide range of scholars assisted him in specifying the knowledge that children in grades K–8 needed to become proficient readers .
For example , the Core Knowledge curriculum specifies that in English language arts , all second - graders read poems by Robert Louis Stevenson , Emily Dickinson , and Gwendolyn Brooks , as well as stories by Rudyard Kipling , E. B. White , and Hans Christian Andersen .
In history and geography , the children study the world ’s great rivers , ancient Rome , and the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence , among other subjects .
By the late 1980s , Hirsch had all but abandoned academic literary studies and become a full - time education reformer .
His curriculum appeared at an opportune moment .
Four years earlier , the U.S. government had released A Nation at Risk , a widely publicized report about falling SAT scores and the mediocre education that most American kids were getting .
The report set off shock waves among parents , many of whom were n’t thrilled , either , when they heard educators dismissing the report ’s implications .
Parents saw Hirsch ’s call for a coherent grade - by - grade curriculum as an answer .
I was one of those parents .
My children were students at P.S. 87 on Manhattan ’s Upper West Side , also known as the William Tecumseh Sherman School .
Our school enjoyed a reputation as one of the city ’s education jewels , and parents clamored to get their kids in .
But most of the teachers and principals had trained at Columbia University ’s Teachers College , a bastion of so - called progressive education , and militantly defended the progressive - ed doctrine that facts were pedagogically unimportant .
I once asked my younger son and some of his classmates , all top fifth - grade students , whether they knew anything about the historical figure after whom their school was named .
Not only were they clueless about the military leader who delivered the final blow that brought down America ’s slave empire ; they hardly knew anything about the Civil War , either .
When I complained to the school ’s principal , he reassured me : “ Our kids do n’t need to learn about the Civil War .
What they are learning at P.S. 87 is how to learn about the Civil War . ”
Were it not for Hirsch ’s Cultural Literacy , I might have accepted the reassurance .
But Hirsch , as it happened , had cited an experiment that found that college students unable to comprehend a difficult passage about the Civil War by historian Bruce Catton were also likely not to have learned anything about the Civil War in the early grades .
From that point on , my wife and I accelerated our children ’s supplementary home schooling and sometimes used the Core Knowledge Foundation ’s guide to the “ mere facts ” that children should know in each grade .
Like A Nation at Risk , Cultural Literacy came under fierce attack by education progressives , partly for its theory of reading comprehension but even more for its supposedly elitist presumption that a white male college professor should decide what American children learn .
Critics derided Hirsch ’s lists of names , events , and dates as arbitrary , even racist .
The progressives often lumped him in with the three “ killer Bs ” — Bennett , ( Allan ) Bloom , and ( Saul ) Bellow — whom they loved to hate at the height of the 1980s culture wars .
Because Bloom ’s The Closing of the American Mind appeared just above Cultural Literacy on the bestseller lists for most of 1987 , many liberal commentators paired the two writers , calling them conservatives agitating for a return to a more traditional , elitist education .
In fact , Hirsch is and always has been a liberal Democrat .
Far from being elitist , he insists , cultural literacy is the path to educational equality and full citizenship for the nation ’s minority groups .
“ Cultural literacy constitutes the only sure avenue of opportunity for disadvantaged children , ” Hirsch writes , and “ the only reliable way of combating the social determinism that now condemns them to remain in the same social and educational condition as their parents .
That children from poor and illiterate homes tend to remain poor and illiterate is an unacceptable failure of our schools , one which has occurred not because our teachers are inept but chiefly because they are compelled to teach a fragmented curriculum based on faulty educational theories . ”
Hirsch ’s next book , The Schools We Need and Why We Do n’t Have Them ( 1999 ) , took the argument about core knowledge and educational equity to the next level by dismantling those faulty theories .
Hirsch ’s early academic work on Wordsworth and the Romantics helped him in this project , since he could see how the progressives ’ education agenda was rooted in a deeply flawed understanding of child development that went back to Rousseau .
“ The Romantics were wonderful for poetry but wrong about life , ” Hirsch tells me , “ and they were particularly wrong about education . ”
European Romanticism , he argued in the book , “ has been a post - Enlightenment aberration , a mistake we need to correct . ”
Influenced by the Romantics , progressive - education doctrine held that children learn best “ naturally ” and that we should not drill “ lifeless ” facts into their developing minds .
Such views , which became prevalent in American teacher training by the 1920s , Hirsch shows , represented a sharp break with the Founding Fathers , who believed that children needed to learn a coherent , shared body of knowledge for the new democracy to work .
Thomas Jefferson even proposed a common curriculum , so that children ’s “ memories may here be stored with the most useful facts from Grecian , Roman , European , and American history . ”
By the time Hirsch turned his attention to education reform in the mid-1980s , Romanticism ’s triumph was complete .
Most public schools , for instance , taught reading through the “ whole language ” method , which encourages children to guess the meaning of words through context clues rather than to master the English phonetic code .
In many schools , a teacher could no longer line up children ’s desks in rows facing him ; indeed , he found himself banished entirely from the front of the classroom , becoming a “ guide on the side ” instead of a “ sage on the stage . ”
In my children ’s elementary school , students in the early grades had no desks at all but instead sat in circles on a rug , hoping to re-create the “ natural ” environment that education progressives believed would facilitate learning .
In the 1970s and 1980s , progressive education also absorbed the trendy new doctrines of multiculturalism , postmodernism ( with its dogma that objective facts do n’t exist ) , and social - justice teaching .
More powerfully than any previous critic , Hirsch showed how destructive these instructional approaches were .
The idea that schools could starve children of factual knowledge , yet somehow encourage them to be “ critical thinkers ” and teach them to “ learn how to learn , ” defied common sense .
But Hirsch also summoned irrefutable evidence from the hard sciences to eviscerate progressive - ed doctrines .
Hirsch had spent the better part of the decade since Cultural Literacy mastering the findings of neurobiology , cognitive psychology , and psycholinguistics on which teaching methods best promote student learning .
The scientific consensus showed that schools could not raise student achievement by letting students construct their own knowledge .
The pedagogy that mainstream scientific research supported , Hirsch showed , was direct instruction by knowledgeable teachers who knew how to transmit their knowledge to students — the very opposite of what the progressives promoted .
The ed-school establishment has worked busily to discredit Hirsch .
In 1997 , the journal of the American Educational Research Association ( AERA ) , the umbrella organization representing most education professors and researchers , launched an unprecedented 6,000 - word dismissal of his work .
Hirsch recounts , too , how he finally got the nod to teach one course on the black - white achievement gap — a hot topic — in Virginia ’s education department , though not until he had won all of his university ’s academic honors , written one best - selling book on education , and written another listed by the New York Times as a notable book of the year .
But whereas his courses in the English department always overflowed with students , his education course drew only a handful for three straight years .
Finally , one of the students broke the news : the education faculty had repeatedly warned them not to take the course .
Hirsch shrugs off these slights and keeps working .
At 81 , he has written what may be his most important book , The Making of Americans : Democracy and Our Schools , which deepens his argument about the American Founders ’ support for core knowledge .
Hirsch recounts the famous story of Benjamin Franklin leaving the Constitutional Convention and being asked by a lady , “ Well , Doctor , what have we got ? ” Franklin ’s memorable answer : “ A Republic , madam , if you can keep it . ”
Inculcating young Americans in the new democratic civic religion , the Founders believed , was the best way to “ keep the Republic ” and preserve it from “ factions , ” voters who cared only about their own groups ’ narrow interests .
Schools needed to help create virtuous , civic - minded , and knowledgeable citizens — and the best way for them to do that was to teach the same grade - by - grade curriculum to each child .
“ The school would be the institution that would transform future citizens into loyal Americans , ” Hirsch writes .
“ It would teach common knowledge , virtues , ideals , language , and commitments . ”
Hirsch ’s description of the Founders ’ educational views is both reverential and elegiac .
Most American leaders , well into the nineteenth century , believed passionately that schools ’ main task was “ the making of Americans , ” Hirsch writes .
He refers here not only to the millions of European immigrants arriving throughout the nineteenth century but also to native - born Americans from different regions and religions , who needed common schools as the means of acculturation into the “ common language community ” of a still - new country .
Lincoln ’s famous Lyceum speech of 1838 , Hirsch notes , was primarily about common schooling and shared knowledge as democratic touchstones .
In the speech , Lincoln assigned schools the task of teaching the American credo of “ solidarity , freedom , and civic peace above all other principles . ”
Let these principles , Lincoln said , “ be taught in schools , in seminaries , and in colleges — let it be written in Primmers [ sic ] , spelling books and almanacs . ”
These beliefs were already reaching young Americans through Noah Webster ’s grammars and dictionaries and William McGuffey ’s readers .
After Hirsch has memorialized early American education , you can almost hear his remorse as he surveys what passes for higher thinking today in the education schools and teachers ’ organizations .
In The Making of Americans , Hirsch again shows how consensus science proves that “ a higher - order academic skill such as reading comprehension requires prior knowledge of domain - specific content . ”
But the ed schools ’ closed “ thoughtworld ” ( Hirsch ’s term ) has insulated itself from science .
For that matter , future classroom teachers must search far in ed-school syllabi to find a single reference to any of Hirsch ’s work — yet required readings by radical education thinkers such as Paulo Freire , Jonathan Kozol , and ex-Weatherman Bill Ayers are common .
From these texts , prospective teachers will learn that the purpose of schooling in America is n’t to create knowledgeable , civic - minded citizens , loyal to the nation ’s democratic institutions , as Jefferson dreamed , but rather to undermine those institutions and turn children into champions of “ social justice ” as defined by today ’s America - hating far Left .
Hirsch ’s theories , long merely persuasive , now have solid empirical backing in Massachusetts ’s miraculous educational reforms .
Before the state passed its reform legislation , school districts employed a hodgepodge of instructional approaches , had no standard curriculum , and neglected academic content .
But one element of the 1993 Education Reform Act was Hirschean knowledge - based curricula for each grade .
The history and social - science curriculum , for instance , makes clear that students should be taught explicitly about their rich heritage , rather than taught how to learn about that heritage .
The curriculum calls for schools to “ impart to their students the learning necessary for an informed , reasoned allegiance to the ideals of a free society . ”
This learning includes “ the vision of a common life in liberty , justice , and equality as expressed in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution two centuries ago . ”
Why is this essential ?
“ We are convinced that democracy ’s survival depends upon our transmitting to each new generation the political vision of liberty and equality that unites us as Americans .
It also depends on a deep loyalty to the political institutions our founders put together to fulfill that vision . ”
In the new millennium , Massachusetts students have surged upward on the biennial National Assessment of Educational Progress ( NAEP ) — “ the nation ’s report card , ” as education scholars call it .
On the 2005 NAEP tests , Massachusetts ranked first in the nation in fourth - and eighth - grade reading and fourth - and eighth - grade math .
It then repeated the feat in 2007 .
No state had ever scored first in both grades and both subjects in a single year — let alone for two consecutive test cycles .
On another reliable test , the Trends in International Math and Science Studies , the state ’s fourth - graders last year ranked second globally in science and third in math , while the eighth - graders tied for first in science and placed sixth in math .
( States can volunteer , as Massachusetts did , to have their students compared with national averages . )
The United States as a whole finished tenth .
In fact , in the quarter - century since A Nation at Risk and the first edition of Cultural Literacy , the academic performance of American students has continued to lag behind most of the developed world .
SAT scores are up slightly in math but remain flat in reading .
With the notable exception of Massachusetts , NAEP reading scores are also flat in most states .
According to the ACT administrators , under one - quarter of high school graduates taking the 2009 test were “ college ready . ”
It is hard to imagine that our students , particularly in grades 3 – 8 , would n’t have done much better if the schools had adopted the Hirsch solution of a content - rich , grade - by - grade curriculum and recognized that the way for students to achieve advanced reading comprehension is to master a broad range of background knowledge .
By now , it should be evident that teaching children in the early grades “ how to learn about the Civil War ” will not necessarily lead them ever to learn about the Civil War — or about any of the other pivotal events in their country ’s history .
The most hopeful alternative to dead - end progressive education is still to be found in Charlottesville .
The national headquarters of the Core Knowledge Foundation is located a block or two from the University of Virginia in a sprawling , two - story residential house with a wraparound porch .
A staff of about 25 people is working on a new K–3 reading program and bringing the Core Knowledge K–8 curriculum up to date with the latest relevant subject matter .
The staff also maintains contact with a network of about 1,000 Core Knowledge schools around the country ( many of them charters ) .
Some Core Knowledge supporters have urged Hirsch to move the foundation 100 miles northeast , to the nation ’s capital .
After all , Washington is the main battleground of school reform , where all the other big - time education organizations — the two national teachers ’ unions , the professional teachers ’ organizations , the AERA , the education think tanks — are located , so that they can lobby Congress and sell their wares to federal education officials .
But Hirsch is an American original and an incurable optimist .
Not only does he trust that if you build a better mousetrap , the world will come to your door ; he thinks that it ’s appropriate that his foundation should remain near the college that was Jefferson ’s greatest education creation .
Perhaps the time is n’t too far off when Hirsch ’s optimism will be vindicated .
There ’s a tantalizing hint of that possibility on the dust jacket of The Making of Americans .
Original Core Knowledge supporter Diane Ravitch offers praise for the book , but two of the other blurbers are more surprising : Randi Weingarten , the newly installed president of the million - member American Federation of Teachers , and Joel Klein , chancellor of the nation ’s largest school district .
Usually , you hear those two names spoken in the same breath only when they ’re in contention .
Last month , moreover , Klein unfurled the results of a study that compared ten city schools using the Core Knowledge reading program with schools using other curricula .
The Core Knowledge kids achieved progress at a rate that was “ more than five times greater , ” Klein said , heaping praise on the program .
The problem is that Core Knowledge programs are still in only a handful of schools in New York City , while how - to programs straight out of Teachers College are in about 700 .
Let Klein and Weingarten jointly decide that this ratio should be reversed , and it will be the beginning of a new era in school reform .
It will also be a fitting testament to America ’s most important education reformer of the last century .
Solarstrom speichern & flexibel abrufen
Mit dem SMA Wechselrichter und dem LG Chem Energiespeicher können Sie Ihren kostenlosen Solarstrom speichern und je nach Bedarf flexibel abrufen .
Photovoltaik - Lösungen
Für Ihr Zuhause Nutzen Sie die Kraft der Sonne und produzieren Sie Ihren täglichen Bedarf an Energie selbst .
zu den Informationen !
Photovoltaik für Gewerbe Lassen Sie die Kraft der Sonne für sich arbeiten , während Sie arbeiten und verbrauchen Sie den eigens produzierten Strom gleich während Ihrer Arbeitszeit oder speichern Sie Ihn für eine spätere Zeit .
Photovoltaik - eine lohnende Investition Hochwertige Photovoltaik und Speichersysteme Gut , dass Sie bei uns vorbeischauen !
Denn damit haben
Sie den ersten Schritt zur Unabhängigkeitserklärung von externen Stromanbietern getan !
Mit uns haben Sie Ihren kompetenten Partner rund um das Thema Photovoltaik gefunden , der Sie individuell berät und für Sie plant ,
Ihnen ein klar verständliches Angebot macht ,
Ihre hochwertige Anlage installiert und in Betrieb nimmt
und auch danach noch für Sie da ist .
Und das alles mit 10 Jahren Garantie zu Ihrer Sicherheit !
Elektrisierend , oder ?!
Für Ihr Zuhause Photovoltaik für Gewerbe Referenzanlagen Sicherheit ohne Aufpreis Solarenergie speichern Photovoltaik als Kapitalanlage Solarversicherung 10 Jahre Sicherheit - Ohne Aufpreis ! zufriedene Kunden Überzeugen
Sie sich selbst !
Rückrufservice Kostenlos und unverbindlich !
Starke Partner
Das Rundum - Sorglos - Paket von Sonalis !
Wir planen und berechnen die Photovoltaikanlage .
Beraten Sie zu den Themen Finanzierung und Fördermittel .
Und wissen wann sich Ihre Investition amortisiert .
Wir sind Ihr Ansprechpartner im Saarland .
Informieren
Sie sich jetzt !
unser Service für SieBeratungstermin vereinbaren
One of the persistent criticisms of Perl is that it has too many implicit variables .
These are variables on which certain built in operations work if you do n't provide explicit targets .
The funny thing about that criticism is that anyone who can read and understand the previous two sentences appropriately can understand Perl 5's two pronouns .
It in Perl 5
The first -- and most used -- pronoun in Perl 5 is $ _ .
This is the default variable .
You may also hear it called the topic variable .
A few operations set it .
Several operations operate on it .
Whenever you see $ _ , read it as " it " .
For example , when you iterate over a list without an explicit iterator , Perl internally aliases $ _ to the current iteration value :
for ( 1 .. 10 ) { say ; }
This example shows off the implicit use of $ _ as well ; say with no arguments operates on the current value of $ _ .
You can write this explicitly if you want ( say $ _ ; ) , but idiomatic Perl eschews the use of the topic unless necessary .
An interesting technique is deliberate assignment to $ _ to enable implicit reference :
for ( $ some_var ) { / foo / and do { ... } ; / bar / and do { ... } ; / baz / and do { ... } ; }
Perl 5.10 's given / when construct cleaned that up :
use Modern :: Perl ; given ( $ some_var ) { when ( / foo / ) { ... } when ( / bar / ) { ... } when ( / baz / ) { ... } }
A little bit of extra syntax in the form of new keywords clarifies the intent of the code .
These in Perl 5
The other pronoun in Perl 5 is @_ , for these or them .
Most of the uses of this pronoun in modern Perl is in handling function parameters .
You can get at the invocant of a method with :
sub my_method { my $ self = shift ; ... }
... though it 's often more succinct to handle multiple parameters with list assignment :
sub my_other_method { my ( $ self , $ name , @args ) = @_ ; ... }
This is my blog for posting material of academic interest ( to me ) .
Expect to see stuff about Greek and Roman history , archaeology , Classical literature , the Ancient Near East , historical films , teaching , the reception of the Classics in science fiction , the abuse of history , science fiction criticism , and occasionally other historical stuff , or just things that I 'm interested in .
Expect spoilers at all times .
The latest from our friends over at Realpont ( nothing good ) :
In September 2009 , the delinquent unpaid balance for CMBS increased to $ 31.73 billion from $ 28.16 billion a month prior .
Such delinquent unpaid balance is up an astounding 583 % from one - year ago ( when only $ 4.64 billion of delinquent balance was reported for September 2008 ) , and is now over 1 14 times the low point of $ 2.21 billion in March 2007 .
An increase in four of five delinquent loan categories was noted in September , with a slight decline experienced in the REO bucket ( reflected in the increased liquidations for September ) .
Despite such decline , the distressed 90 +- day , Foreclosure and REO categories grew in aggregate for the 22nd straight month – up by $ 1.48 billion ( 8 % ) from the previous month and over $ 16.65 billion ( 547 % ) in the past year ( up from only $ 3.044 billion in September 2008 ) .
And here is what a recoveryless , and soon to be crashful recovery looks like :
The resultant delinquency ratio for September 2009 of 3.94 % ( up from the 3.347 % reported one month prior ) is now over seven times the 0.54 % reported one - year prior in September 2008 and almost 14 times the Realpoint recorded low point of 0.283 % from June 2007 .
The increase in both delinquent unpaid balance and ratio over this time horizon reflects a steady increase from historic lows in mid-2007 .
And visually :
Much more in the original research report from Realpoint .
Why do we have a census ?
It ’s mandated by the U.S. Constitution .
Article I , Section 2 states that an “ actual enumeration shall be made within three years after the first meeting of the Congress of the United States , and within every subsequent term of 10 years . ”
The first census , in 1790 , was a modest affair , costing only $ 45,000 and employing 650 marshals and their assistants .
The 2010 census , by contrast , will cost upward of $ 15 billion .
Questionnaires will go to 145 million households , and those that do not respond can expect a visit from one of the 140,000 census workers who will try to ensure that everyone living in the U.S. — an estimated 305 million people — is counted .
The massive undertaking , says UC Berkeley statistician Philip Stark , is the nation ’s “ largest mobilization in peacetime . ”
Why is it such a big deal ?
The federal government relies on census data to determine the number of congressional seats each state is entitled to .
Following the 2000 census , for instance , Arizona , Texas , Florida , and Georgia each gained two House seats , while several states , including Illinois , Ohio , and New York , lost seats .
Experts predict that in the wake of the 2010 census , the South and West will each gain five House seats , while the Midwest will lose six and the Northeast four .
Washington also uses the census to allocate billions of dollars in funding for everything from health - care programs to infrastructure projects .
Every person counted , it is estimated , brings in $ 1,000 in federal money .
Finally , the raw information gathered allows demographers and statisticians to chart the changing face of our nation .
The Census Bureau , says agency spokeswoman Shelly Lowe , is “ the Fort Knox of data . ”
But is it accurate ?
Actually , the census has always been notoriously imprecise .
George Washington estimated that the original 1790 head count of 3,929,326 was probably off by as much as 3 million — a figure he attributed to tax resisters , those with something to hide , and lazy marshals .
Then–Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson , who oversaw the operation , was himself counted twice .
Over the decades , counting methods improved , but problems have persisted .
The Census Bureau acknowledged that in 1990 it missed 8.4 million people and counted 4.4 million others twice .
In 2000 , the undercount was estimated at 3 million .
How else could it be done ?
Many believe that the Census Bureau would get better results by using statistical sampling methods .
As with polling , the process involves obtaining information about a small segment of the population ; from that sample , experts make educated estimates about the uncounted portion .
Any use of statistical sampling would likely supplement — not necessarily replace — the old - fashioned census methods .
But statistical sampling is extremely divisive .
Why is sampling controversial ?
Because supporters and opponents tend to break down along partisan lines .
Democrats favor sampling because the people who are traditionally hardest to count are the urban poor , minorities , and immigrants , all of whom tend to live in Democratic strongholds and vote Democratic .
These groups are often undercounted because they move so frequently and do not trust government employees asking questions .
Republicans , by contrast , stress that the Constitution specifies an “ actual enumeration ” of the population , not an estimate .
They also argue that statistical sampling is inferior to counting .
“ Anyone familiar with public opinion polling can tell you that statistical sampling carries a margin of error , ” Republican Reps .
Darrell Issa and Patrick McHenry recently wrote .
“ And error is the enemy of a full and accurate census . ”
Is a change in methodology likely ?
Not anytime soon .
In 1999 , the Supreme Court ruled by a 5 – 4 vote that statistical sampling , which the Democratic Clinton administration had hoped to employ , could not be used to reapportion House seats .
The decision did leave open the possibility that sampling could be used to decide how congressional districts are drawn and to determine the flow of money within them .
But while the Obama administration may be interested in going that route , as both a political and practical matter , it ’s not possible at this point .
The 2010 census is “ a rocket on the launch pad , and they ’re about to ignite it , ” says former census director Kenneth Prewitt .
“ We ca n’t redesign rocket fuel at this stage . ”
Nevertheless , the dispute over sampling hangs like a shadow over the 2010 census .
Why is it still an issue ?
The new census director , veteran University of Michigan survey researcher Robert Groves , has argued for years that the government has persistently undercounted millions of minorities who typically vote for Democrats , and that statistical sampling will provide a more accurate count .
Republicans blocked his confirmation until this week , even though Groves promised that he would not push for sampling in 2010 .
Still , Republicans remain suspicious , and it ’s likely that the partisan argument over sampling will resume at a later date .
“ What ’s not political about the census ? ” says Harvard government professor D. Sunshine Hillygus .
“ It ’s the basis of the two most important things in politics : money and representation . ”
Questions , questions
America ’s changing character and sensibilities can be gleaned by the questions officials include in the decennial survey .
At various times in the 19th century , citizens were asked how many guns and dogs they owned , how many hogs they had slaughtered , and if any family member had died from an abscess .
In 1830 , the government recorded the number of deaf , dumb , and blind people in a household ; a category for “ insane and idiotic ” was added in 1840 and remained for 50 years .
In 1930 , people were asked if they owned a “ radio set ” ; in 1950 , they were queried about their TVs .
Race has long been a contentious census issue :
The first census , in 1790 , counted slaves as only three - fifths of a person , and Indians were n’t counted at all .
By the 1890 census , many of the questions were racially based , with such specific categories as “ mulatto ” ( one - half black ) , “ quadroon ” ( one - quarter ) , and “ octoroon ” ( one - eighth ) being included .
Marital status was not included on census forms until 1880 .
In 2010 , for the first time , same - sex married couples will be able to officially claim that status .
Advertisement
1. Merv Griffin , The Man With Two Brains
Nowadays , goofy star cameos are a dime a dozen , and many celebrities have realized that , far from damaging their careers , a well - deployed bit of self - mockery can make them seem human and relatable , and even give their reputation a needed jolt .
That was n’t so clear 25 years ago , which gives the big twist ending of Steve Martin ’s hit - and - miss comedy The Man With Two Brains its staying power .
A subplot involves the activities of a serial murderer known as “ The Elevator Killer , ” a mysterious figure who corners strangers in lifts and gives them fatal injections ; at the end of the film , it ’s revealed to be none other than likeable , breezy talk - show host Merv Griffin .
Explaining his massive body count with the same demeanor he used on his show to discuss the purchase of a new jacket , Griffin says “ I ’ve always just loved to kill .
I really enjoyed it . ”
2. Neil Patrick Harris , Harold & Kumar Go To White Castle and Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay
The best example of an actor who realized he could get ahead by not taking his name or reputation seriously : Neil Patrick Harris , who , as of 2004 , was largely known as “ that kid from Doogie Howser , M.D. ” — small TV roles and a respectable stage career were n’t doing much to bring him back into the limelight .
Then he made a gloriously unselfconscious appearance as himself in Harold & Kumar Go To White Castle — or at least as a drug - addled , sex - obsessed , pantingly assholish Tucker Max-esque version of himself who uses his Doogie fame to pick up strippers .
He cannonballs through the film , stealing every scene he ’s in with comments about tripping balls and craving furburgers .
Naturally , he returned for the sequel , in which he explains that the PH in NPH stands for “ poon handler . ”
As abrasive as the role was , watching him play savagely against the cutesy innocence of Doogie Howser was comic gold , and it earned him attention in the right places .
Within a year , he was co-starring on How I Met Your Mother , and the rest is awards - show - hosting history .
3. Jean -Claude Van Damme , JCVD
The last thing anyone expected from the star of Timecop was subtlety and nuance , but that ’s exactly what Jean - Claude Van Damme delivers in JCVD , a fascinating blend of truth and fiction that ’s both a triumphant comeback and an excoriating admission of personal failure .
Van Damme strips away all his “ Muscles From Brussels ” vanity to play a washed - up version of himself that ’s uncomfortably close to the truth : relegated to potboiler knock - offs of his former successes , estranged from his family due to nonstop shooting schedules , and recognized solely by an older , diminishing fan base that still ranks him as an also - ran to Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sly Stallone , even in his own hometown .
But ironically for a guy who made his name by delivering high - kicks to the face , this painfully vulnerable side makes for Van Damme 's strongest performance yet .
After all , it takes real balls to admit that most producers would pass him over for his old rival Steven Seagal , if only Seagal were willing to lose the ponytail .
Advertisement
4. Wayne Brady , Chappelle ’s Show
In a bid to play against his public persona — the whitest , safest black man in show business — Wayne Brady appeared in an incredible seven - minute skit on Chappelle ’s Show , whose Paul Mooney had accused him of making “ Bryant Gumbel look like Malcolm X . ”
In the skit , Brady drives Chappelle around , stopping to do a drive - by , kill a cop , and in the most hilarious , oft - quoted moment , collect money from his stable of prostitutes .
And with these nine words , Brady proved himself self - aware and gloriously in on the joke : “ Is Wayne Brady gonna have to choke a bitch ? ”
Advertisement
5. Bob Barker , Happy Gilmore
When he ’s paired up with super - goof Adam Sandler in a pro-am golf tournament , Bob Barker loses his cool , dissing Sandler ’s playing and ending up in a drawn - out fistfight with him .
The sweet , demure Barker — a spokesman for spaying and neutering your pets !
—ends up kicking the shit out of Sandler up and down the golf course , ending the scene by calling him a bitch .
That is n’t the guy from The Price Is Right !
6. Topher Grace , Oceans Eleven and Ocean ’s Thirteen
Topher Grace plays himself as a callow , mildly annoying Hollywood pretty boy hoping to pick up some scuzzy credibility from Brad Pitt ’s master criminal / part - time poker tutor in Oceans Eleven , his second collaboration with Traffic director Steven Soderbergh .
He returned in Ocean ’s Thirteen , at which point seemingly half the plot seemed to consist of actors spoofing their public image — including Bruce Willis and Julia Roberts , who appears as both George Clooney ’s girlfriend and as herself , in a self - indulgent dual role .
Advertisement
7 - 9 . Carl Weathers , Judge Reinhold , and Andy Richter , Arrested Development
Arrested Development is a madcap , zany take on corporate corruption and sitcom dysfunctional families , so it follows that its trio of memorable self - deprecating cameos are just as nutty .
In the third season , Conan O’Brien wingman Andy Richter made an appearance spoofing his short - lived Fox show Quintuplets by playing five identical brothers with starkly different personalities .
( For instance , sensitive Donnie Richter thinks , “ Andy ’s an attention hog , ca n’t seem to find an audience , but I love the fat SOB anyway . ” )
The “ real ” Andy appears only briefly in that episode , acting like a big shot and only agreeing to appear at a charity event upon hearing there will be a free dinner .
Judge Reinhold plays a similarly stuck - up spin on himself , indignant that playing a TV judge means wearing a robe obscuring all the weight he lost for the role .
But the gold standard of self - deprecating Arrested Development cameos is unquestionably Carl Weathers .
The Predator co-star plays an obsessively stingy version of himself ; his only goal when acting is to not touch his per diem , and to “ get a stew on ” with food swiped from craft services .
His cheapness knows no bounds , whether he ’s boasting about the “ loophole the wrong guy discovered ” in milking cash from airlines by intentionally getting bumped from flights , or merely conning Burger King into giving him a free refill of any drink he wants , not just the one he ordered .
10 . John Malkovich , Being John Malkovich
The screenwriting debut of Charlie Kaufman and directorial debut of Spike Jonze is agreeably loopy and twisted , as a nebbishy nobody and his scheming co-worker discover a portal into the mind of actor John Malkovich , and start charging people to make the trip and live out a little piece of Malkovich ’s life .
But the whole project just would n’t be nearly the same without Malkovich playing himself .
The script calls for a fey , temperamental , self - absorbed Malkovich , and the real one complies , playing the role to the hilt ; reportedly Jonze and Kaufman spent years persuading him to take the role on after he refused several times .
It was well worth the effort .
11 . Paul Giamatti , Cold Souls
It takes real chutzpah to make a metaphysical comedy with a conceit so obviously indebted to Being John Malkovich , and Sophie Barthes ’ Cold Souls falls well short of its ambition .
But Paul Giamatti’s take on “ Paul Giamatti ” is a marvel of clammy self - loathing and neuroses — in that sense , it has more in common with the “ Charlie Kaufman ” of Charlie Kaufman ’s Adaptation ( played by Nicolas Cage ) than with Malkovich ’s ruthless parody of himself — and Giamatti ’s performance plumbs depths the movie itself can’t muster .
Playing a tortured New York stage actor driven to the brink by his role in Uncle Vanya , “ Giamatti ” seeks help from an organization that extracts human souls and keeps them in storage .
( His has the color and dimension of a chickpea . )
When he goes back to rehearsal , freed from the albatross of having a soul , Giamatti breezes through his lines with confidence and zeal , which is n’t right for Chekhov , either .
Thus , Giamatti’s achievement in Cold Souls is to play two different kinds of bad actors well :
One who ’s so wrapped up in Method torture that he can barely perform , and another who ’s fundamentally incapable of giving the work the gravitas it needs .
Advertisement
[ pagebreak ] 12 .
William Shatner , Free Enterprise
Of all the actors on this list , it ’s most tempting to think of William Shatner in Free Enterprise as playing himself , and not just a parody , spoof , or comic character .
And yet of all the actors on this list , he may well be the most insistent in proclaiming that “ Bill ” in the film is not in any way related to the real Bill Shatner , even though the character is a paunchy , somewhat defeated , perennially hammy ex-Star Trek star who hails from Canada .
When a couple of would - be filmmakers ( and science - fiction fan - dorks ) meet him in a book store , they fall over themselves to praise him ; he gently tries to escape , with the air of a man used to dealing with crazy Trek fans , but they lure him in with the promise of a film project in the making .
He ’s just hungry and desperate enough to follow them around , hoping for their cinematic crumbs , though his real goal in life is to produce a rap musical version of Julius Caesar in which he plays all the parts .
Given Shatner ’s famous love of earache - inducing musical performances , that does actually sound like something he ’d get involved in .
13 . Bruce Campbell , My Name Is Bruce
Bruce Campbell ’s latest directorial project , My Name Is Bruce , pushes the limits of self - satire almost to their breaking point .
He stars as himself in a film about Bruce Campbell , a failing B - movie star who lives in a trailer , nurses himself to sleep every night with whiskey , and starts fights with obsessive fans .
One of those fans , who accidentally looses an ancient spirit on a small town , kidnaps Campbell in the hopes that he ’ll rally to the rescue .
It ’d seem like a Bruce Campbell fantasy — saving the day in real life , like he does in the Evil Dead films — if not for his depiction of himself as a womanizing lout .
But Campbell , always adept at winning onscreen personas , manages to redeem even this insistently self - deprecating character with a smile .
And , of course , a chainsaw .
14 . Mystery guest , Zombieland
A redneck zombie - hunting badass played by Woody Harrelson makes a special point of looking up his favorite movie star during a jaunt to zombie - plagued southern California in the winning action - comedy Zombieland .
The mere possibility of an appearance by the aforementioned mystery guest star invites giddy anticipation ; his actual guest turn is liable to cause mass pandemonium / exhilaration , at least for filmgoers who have n’t yet discovered his identity from spoiler - happy reviews and websites .
Self - deprecating hilarity ensues , as Guest Star X looks wryly back on his life and career through the prism of a most inconvenient zombie holocaust .
Advertisement
15 . Jon Favreau on The Sopranos
Writer - director - actor Jon Favreau does n’t have the kind of outsized public persona that would make him a natural candidate for self - parody .
So for his memorable guest appearance in the Sopranos second - season episode “ D - Girl , ” he submits himself as an archetypical movie - star schmuck trying to buddy up to real - life bad guys in the name of research — including Christopher Moltisanti ( played by Michael Imperioli ) , who discusses his mafia screenplay with Favreau , and inadvertently ends up contributing an anecdote about a made guy getting a blowjob from a man , which Favreau incorporates into his own mob-related script .
The kicker is that at the same time , the real - life Favreau was writing and directing a poorly received crime film , Made .
That film even includes three Sopranos cast members — Drea de Matteo , Vincent Pastore , and Federico Castelluccio .
16 . Bruce Willis , What Just Happened
In Art Linson ’s clever , appealingly modest show - biz memoir What Just Happened ?
Alec Baldwin belligerently refuses to shave off his beard for The Edge , one of many films Linson produced .
In the poorly received film adaptation of Linson ’s book , Bruce Willis happily steps into the Baldwin role to play a toxic , obnoxious version of himself , a macho action star who throws a violent temper tantrum when the film ’s Linson surrogate ( Robert De Niro ) asks him to shave off his unflattering facial hair for a role .
Willis has big fun spoofing his image as an out - of - control monster of id and ego .
Advertisement
17 -20 . Bob Saget , Jeffrey Tambor , Matt Damon , and Gary Busey , Entourage
At its best , Entourage highlights Hollywood ’s dickish weirdness simply by turning the camera on its stars .
But the movie ’s peek behind the curtain gets better when real - life celebrities show up and interact with Vince and the boys .
Bob Saget has had a recurring role , in what ’s clearly yet another shot at sullying his squeaky - clean Full House image .
( We get it , Bob , you like dick jokes . )
On Entourage , he takes it to the next level as a neighbor who ’s interested in hookers and blow , and not afraid to talk about it .
Other notable against - type cameos in recent Entourage history include Matt Damon , who shook Vince down for charity money , and Jeffrey Tambor , who apparently cheats at golf and has very little nice to say about anybody , particularly Ari .
And then there ’s the season - four arc in which Gary Busey does an amazing impersonation of himself as a total loon .
Makes you wonder how much prep work he had to do .
21 - plus .
Steve Coogan , Alfred Molina , and many others , Coffee And Cigarettes
Shot in segments over the course of more than 15 years , Jim Jarmusch ’s sketch collection Coffee And Cigarettes centers on celebrities playing “ themselves ” in awkward inter-celeb encounters : Iggy Pop eagerly sucks up to a dismissive , deliberately cruel Tom Waits , Jack White raves about Nikola Tesla , over Meg White ’s indifference ; a reserved Bill Murray plays waiter to RZA and GZA ( “ You ’re Bill Murray !
Bill Groundhog Day ghostbustin’ - ass Murray ! ” ) and so forth .
There ’s a lot of exceedingly dry humor , and a lot of discomfort caused by one partner in any given conversation pushing the other too hard , but the squirmiest of the many squirmy moments comes in a coffee date between Steve Coogan and Alfred Molina , as the latter explains that he ’s an amateur genealogist who ’s just figured out that the two men are cousins .
Molina initially comes across as bumbling but sweet , until he edges into creepiness : “ All I want , if I want anything , is for you to just acknowledge this extraordinary thing , and just love me . ”
Coogan , meanwhile , seems like a normal guy in an awkward situation , until he finds out that his clingy new cousin is buddies with a certain prominent director , at which point he ’s suddenly far more interested in their family connection , and far less interested in his dignity .
Actually , dignity and remove play a large part in Coffee And Cigarettes :
Its celebrities are having fun pretending that in real life they ’re obnoxious gits , but only in the most delicate , genteel , intellectual ways .
… And a whole lot more , Extras
Every episode of Ricky Gervais ’ short - but - sweet single - camera comedy finds his fictional character Andy Millman or Andy ’s friend Maggie Jacobs ( played by Ashley Jensen ) on the set of a movie , playing some tiny role .
Unfortunately , this sometimes means interacting with the stars , inevitably played by celebrities willing to poke fun at themselves and the star - worship culture around them .
The series had nary a weak link , but highlights included Chris Martin as a self - promoting sellout , Clive Owen as a insensitive jackass , Orlando Bloom as an insecure egomaniac , David Bowie casually turning Gervais ’ emotional agonies into a catchy song , a foul - mouthed Kate Winslet counseling Maggie about sex using uncomfortable euphemisms , and more .
But the award for most outrageous is shared among Star Trek : The Next Generation star Patrick Stewart and Daniel Radcliffe , a.k.a. filmdom ’s Harry Potter .
Andy sneaks into Stewart ’s on - set trailer to promote his screenplay , and winds up awkwardly listening to Stewart brag about his own plot ideas , which are invariably cheap excuses to get girls naked .
Radcliffe ’s characterization covers stars ’ big egos :
He plays himself as a spastic virgin , desperately trying to play it cool and get laid .
After he hits on Maggie on a movie set and she rejects him , he tattles to his mother , claiming “ She was trying to have it off with me ! ”
Then , while showing off the fact that he owns a condom , he accidentally winds up draping it over Diana Rigg ’s head .
Extras mined discomfort for laughs , and these particular stars helped the show strike gold .
Minnesota solar energy potential —
Look up your Minnesota address to see how ready it is for solar
Here ’s further proof that you should understand what it is you ’re doing when you go to hack your handheld .
Jailbreaking an iPhone has been made quite easy to the point that a lot of folks do it without reading any of the accompanying documentation .
Those who did n’t heed the warning to change the default SSH password on a Jailbroken phone might get a bit of a surprise .
A worm has been unleashed that finds Jailbroken iPhones and changes the background image to a picture of [ Rick Astley ] .
That ’s right , they ’ve been Rickrolled .
It ’s a clever little devil that propagates by grabbing the IP address of the iPhone it is currently on , then testing all of the IP address in that family to find other devices using the default password .
Luckily this worm ’s activities are not what we ’d call malicious .
It does n’t format the root or create a cell based bot - net ( that we know of ) .
This would be akin to the antics of searching Google for unprotected installations of MythWeb and setting some poor schmuck ’s MythTV to record every infomercial ever .
The point is , this could have been a lot worse , but the attack is predicated on stupidity .
In our digital age , why are people leaving default passwords in place ?
Peter Criss , an iconic drummer and a founding member of the rock band KISS , beat a rare disease among men – breast cancer .
He says too many men are not aware they could fall prey to breast cancer and refuse treatment , hoping discomfort will go away .
Men have to dismiss their stereotypes and understand breast cancer is not only a woman ’s disease .
Criss spotted a lump around his left nipple in December , 2007 .
The 63 - year - old musician had to undergo mastectomy surgery and often felt uneasy as he waited for his doctor ’s appointment in a company of women .
Men are 100 times less likely to get breast cancer than women , but the disease stays as death - threatening .
According to the National Cancer Institute , 440 men will die from this type of cancer in 2009 and 1,910 will be diagnosed with it .
Criss is currently working on his autobiography and a new record .
He admits that his battling with cancer influenced his views as a musician .
Criss is almost seventy now and he does n’t feel like putting his mask again .
He hopes his rock star status would help men fight embracement and disgrace associated with male breast cancer .
Source of the image : buzzine.com .
The Maran Cantaurus was travelling slowly when it was attacked Somali pirates have captured a tanker carrying oil to the US , officials say .
The Greek - owned Maran Centaurus was about 1,300 km ( 800 miles ) off Somalia when it was hijacked on Sunday , said the EU Naval task force ( Navfor ) .
The ship was full of oil and is believed to be one of the largest yet seized by Somali pirates .
There are 28 crew members on board .
Pirate attacks have been common off the Somali coast and international navies have been deployed to counter them .
A spokesman for the Greek coastguard told Reuters news agency that about nine armed pirates attacked the ship close to the Seychelles .
This incident clearly shows the pirates are becoming more bolder
Rashid Abdi
Somalia analyst
As it was fully laden , it was moving quite slowly - between 11 and 15 knots ( 20 - 27 km / h ) - when attacked , a Navfor spokesman told the BBC .
Reuters reports the Greek defence ministry as saying that a Greek navy frigate which had been involved with the Navfor operation was now shadowing the vessel .
Navfor said the ship , which has a dead weight of some 300,000 tonnes , had been sailing to New Orleans in the US from Jeddah in Saudi Arabia but was now heading towards Somalia .
Its crew is made up of 16 Filipinos , nine Greeks , two Ukrainians and one Romanian .
Maran Tankers Management , which operates the vessel , told Reuters the crew were " well " .
Somalia analyst at the International Crisis Group think - tank Rashid Abdi says the fact that pirates are now operating so far out to sea shows that the intervention of the world 's navies has made little difference to the problem of piracy .
" This incident clearly shows the pirates are becoming more bolder , " he says .
" So I do n't think the solution is in building the naval deployment there , or increasing the naval deployment .
The problem is actually in dealing with the governance crisis which feeds the problem of piracy . "
' Mother ships '
War -torn Somalia has had no functioning government since 1991 , allowing pirates to operate along the lawless coast almost with impunity .
In recent months , the pirates have started operating further from the Somali coast .
They are believed to use " mother - ships " to reach the high seas , before using small skiffs to carry out their attacks .
Pirates are currently holding 11 vessels and 264 crew members in Somalia , the Navfor spokesman said .
In November 2008 , the Sirius Star , carrying two million barrels of oil - a quarter of Saudi Arabia 's daily output - became the largest ship ever seized by pirates .
It has a deadweight of 318,000 tonnes .
The vessel was released in January after a ransom of $ 3 m ( then £ 1.95 m ) was paid .
Navfor is one of several international naval forces patrolling the oceans off the country to try to prevent the captures of ships using the vital sea routes .
Nato and the US also lead task forces .
Earlier this month , the US began using unmanned drones to scour the Indian Ocean for suspect vessels .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If labor lobbyist Robert “ Bobby ” Juliano did n’t move away from his stakeout just off the Senate floor from time to time , he might be mistaken for a statue .
Other lobbyists have moved on to BlackBerrys and instant messaging .
( He calls them “ the thumb generation . ” )
But for Mr. Juliano , who has been in the thick of every big labor issue in the past 36 years , there ’s no substitute for face - to - face contact with members of Congress .
“ I ’m not going to be sitting in an office when my workbench is the seat of power for the whole world , ” he says , standing in the ornate Senate reception room where lobbyists mingle with members before and after floor votes .
The lobbying world has shifted dramatically since Juliano came to Washington in 1973 to lobby for the Hotel Employees and Restaurant Employees and Bartenders International Union , shaking hands and trading stories with such labor allies as Hubert Humphrey , Jacob Javits , and Edward Kennedy , and pushing issues ranging from the minimum wage to healthcare and comprehensive immigration reform .
But , now representing an expanded labor group , UNITED HERE , he says the fundamentals are the same :
Get there early .
Stuff your pockets with business cards .
And if it ’s a tax issue , do n’t come in unless you ’ve got legislative language , committee support on both sides of the aisle , and a start laying the groundwork on the Senate side .
Lobbyists like Juliano and their efforts to shape policy are back in the spotlight this year , as Congress works a legislative agenda of historic size and scope .
The battle over reform of the nation ’s healthcare system is the biggest effort to influence national policy in nearly a quarter century .
Some 3,300 lobbyists have registered on the healthcare issue alone , all striving to shape the outcome in their clients ’ interest .
With the equivalent of six healthcare lobbyists for each member of Congress , experts say the battle today is larger than that over President Clinton ’s 1993 healthcare reform push .
The fight over healthcare is “ the largest lobbying effort ” since the 1986 battle royal over tax reform during the Reagan administration , says Sheila Krumholz , executive director of the Center for Responsive Politics ( CRP ) , which tracks the impact of money and lobbying on government policy .
The struggle over healthcare has a far - reaching and profound impact “ on the corporations involved , on the interest groups involved , and on each and every American , ” she says .
Also looming is a major battle over climate and energy legislation that narrowly passed in the House of Representatives last June and is expected to come up for Senate action this fall .
It faces stiff resistance from business groups who say the House version of the legislation would raise energy prices and result in lost jobs .
SINCE THE EARLIEST DAYS OF THE NATION , LOBBYISTS HAVE BEEN popular political villains .
Their current image is that of highly paid , well - fed white men in expensive suits and tasseled loafers working to game the system on behalf of the rich and well - connected – the dreaded special interests .
For example , Washington tailor Georges de Paris sells suits that range in price from $ 3,500 to $ 25,000 and says 80 percent of his business is with lobbyists .
But lobbyists are also people like Fred Wertheimer , dressed for an interview like a college professor in a button - down shirt and slacks .
He ran Common Cause for many years and now leads – and lobbies for – Democracy 21 , which has as its stated goal to lessen the impact of money on politics .
“ Money is the core issue in this city when it comes to lobbying , ” he says .
Most members of Congress are loath to talk about their relationships with lobbyists , who are a vital source of campaign funds for legislators who aspire to a leadership position .
The most effective lobbyists are constituents “ who are personally involved in something important to them , ” argues three - term Sen. Jack Reed ( D ) of Rhode Island .
“ They are a lot more central and crucial to a lot that you ’re doing than someone paid in Washington . ”
Still , in addition to concerned and vocal citizens CRP says there are 12,552 professional lobbyists working the halls of Congress on behalf of what might be called special interests .
But the meaning of special interest is in the eye of the beholder .
The groups that hire lobbyists range widely in motives and funding levels .
Some seek special advantage and a chance for their clients to feast at the federal - spending trough .
Others seek to protect the old , the infirm , the wilderness , and religious freedom .
It is hard to find a segment of American society that does not lobby – from bakers to bankers , chicken breeders to independent colleges , and even the church that publishes the Monitor .
“ The media has done a pretty good job demonizing us , ” says David Wenhold , president of the American League of Lobbyists .
“ I love the term ‘ special interest groups are behind this . ’
Is Greenpeace a special interest group ?
Clean Coal ?
The Girl Scouts of America ?
Because they are .
That term gets thrown around , but they are all lobbyists . ”
In fact , many who work to influence events in Washington do not fall under the formal rules for registering as a lobbyist .
For example , law firms hire former senior government officials to function as “ senior advisers ” rather than have them register as lobbyists .
One notable example is former Senate majority leader Tom Daschle .
Registered lobbyists account for only a small portion of the cost of influence and advocacy in Washington , says James A. Thurber , director of American University ’s Center for Congressional and Presidential Studies .
Last year , lobbying – defined narrowly by those who must register with Congress – was a $ 3.4 billion industry , according to CRP statistics .
But when the cost of grass - roots efforts and of strategic advisers are all counted , total spending on influencing policy in Washington approaches $ 9.6 billion a year , he estimates .
Combing Senate records , Bloomberg News determined that 3,300 lobbyists signed up to work on healthcare and that more than 1,500 organizations have healthcare lobbyists .
Spending on healthcare lobbying was $ 263.4 million in the first six months of 2009 , up from $ 241.4 million in the same period of 2008 , according to CRP figures .
What do lobbyists do in return for that kind of money ?
The American League of Lobbyists says its members research and analyze legislation or regulatory proposals , monitor and report on developments , attend congressional or regulatory hearings , work with coalitions interested in the same issues , and then educate not only government officials but also employees and corporate officers as to the implications of legislative changes .
“ The next few months are going to be huge with lobbying [ on ] healthcare , ” says Mr. Wenhold .
“ Every lobbyist is going to have some part of it in one way or another . ”
And if some version of healthcare reform passes , demand for lobbyists will probably increase .
“ This is the tip of the iceberg , ” Wenhold says .
If health reform passes , doctors and companies involved in healthcare “ are going to need a huge lobbying presence to make sure their voices are heard in Washington ” as new healthcare regulations are first written and then enforced , he says .
WHILE THE HEALTHCARE LOBBYING BATTLE is perhaps the most visible effort to shape national policy at the moment , the influence industry touches virtually all aspects of public policy .
The so - called “ iron triangle ” of defense industries , Congressional defense - related committees , and Pentagon officials is one of the best known areas .
Lobbyists also attempt to shape US foreign policy , with the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) being perhaps the most powerful single force in that field , spending $ 2.5 million on lobbying in 2008 , according to CRP statistics .
In 2008 , lobbyists for foreign interests reported more than 22,000 contacts with various branches of the federal government , seeking favorable policies on a wide variety of issues .
That estimate comes from an analysis of filings under the Foreign Agents Registration Act by the Sunlight Foundation and ProPublica , an independent journalism organization .
LOBBYING IS ROOTED IN THE U.S. CONSTITUTION which prohibits Congress from making laws that restrict the people ’s right to “ petition the Government for a redress of grievances . ”
And lobbying has been around since the nation ’s earliest days .
During the First Congress , Pennsylvania Sen.
William Maclay wrote in his diary that New York merchants employed “ treats , dinners , attentions ” to delay passage of a tariff bill , according to a detailed 1980 speech on the history of lobbying given by Sen.
Robert Byrd ( D ) of West Virginia as part of a series of addresses on Senate history and operations .
Even influence - industry watchdog groups see great merit in lobbyists ’ ability to provide detailed expertise to Congress .
The typical member often lacks the highly detailed knowledge needed in drafting legislation .
“ Lobbyists play very valuable and helpful and important roles here in terms of expertise and information and strategic advice – the ability to help the various players on the Hill know what everyone is doing , ” says Mr. Wertheimer .
GIVEN THE ONGOING NATIONAL DEBATE ABOUT HEALTHCARE , it ’s not surprising that healthcare companies were the sector of the economy that spent the most on lobbying from 2006 through 2009 .
The financial sector is another major force in lobbying activity – ranking second in 2006 and 2007 , third in 2008 , and second again so far this year .
Last year , financial - sector firms – including those in the fields of finance , insurance , and real estate – spent $ 459 million on lobbying .
The US Chamber of Commerce , representing 3 million businesses , is Washington ’s lobbying powerhouse .
Among individual organizations , the Chamber “ is the No. 1 spender on lobbying over time and again this year so far , ” says Ms. Krumholz .
“ If there ever is a corporate battle , they are at the head of it .
This is what they do best . ”
In 2008 , the Chamber spent $ 91.7 million on lobbying , according to CRP .
Part of the Chamber ’s power comes from the presence of local chambers in congressional districts around the country .
In Washington , the Chamber has a deep bench of policy experts and an in - house law firm , the National Chamber Litigation Center , which works to shape legal policy .
The other top individual spenders on lobbying in recent years : Exxon Mobil , the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers Association , AARP , the American Medical Association , and the American Hospital Association .
It is clear that the Chamber does not cower before the Obama administration .
“ I have a good relationship with the White House .
We are dealing with them on all kinds of things , ” says Chamber President Thomas Donohue .
“ We are trying to be fair and helpful , but that does n’t mean we roll over and play dead just because they are excited about something when in fact we know it ai n’t going to work , ” he said at a recent lunch sponsored by the Monitor .
R. Bruce Josten , executive vice president for government affairs at the Chamber , tracks some 300 legislative issues of interest to his employer .
“ Solid , sound research and information counts for something in this town ... where facts matter and people are important , ” he says .
And Mr. Josten notes the formidable grass - roots efforts the Chamber can mount using its capacity to mobilize local businesses .
“ We generated 208,000 letters against the House healthcare plan in six weeks , ” he says , which is an impressive volume even on such a controversial issue .
Some critics question the effectiveness of big lobbying budgets focused on Washington .
“ Every dollar that the Chamber of Commerce spends on a lobbyist is a waste of money , ” argues Grover Norquist , president of Americans for Tax Reform and himself a registered lobbyist .
He stresses the importance of building support for legislative initiatives through grass - roots efforts rather than working the halls of Congress .
“ The Christian Coalition in the 1990s had three people in D.C. – everyone else was in the field , ” says Mr. Norquist .
“ They were a power and they won elections .
K Street is here , they ’re grouped in big buildings , but they have no grass - roots capacity . ”
Those who compete with the Chamber and other well - funded entities stress the key role of grass - roots efforts to build support for action in Washington .
“ We know we ca n’t match the money that is being spent by the opposition , ” John Sweeney , AFL - CIO president , said at a recent Monitor breakfast .
“ Our strongest asset is our rank - and - file activist .
To have 250,000 people in the field , as we did during the [ 2008 presidential ] campaign and [ that ] we have now on healthcare , that is the strongest weapon that we have , and the more we strengthen that , the stronger we will be . ”
A NUMBER OF INDUSTRIES have trimmed lobbying expenditures because of the weak economy .
Data from the CRP show revenues at several major Washington lobbying firms dropped 10 percent or more in the first half of 2009 .
The home building , defense , and transportation industries have all trimmed their lobbying efforts , and the number of registered lobbyists in Washington now stands at 12,552 , down 2,248 from a year ago .
Another factor making the life of a lobbyist less pleasant is stiffer rules on lobbying imposed by the Obama administration .
“ They applied unprecedented rules to their own administration , ” Democracy 21 ’s Wertheimer says .
Among other things , the administration imposed rules barring administration appointees from leaving office and seeking lobbying jobs while Barack Obama is president .
They also forbid new officials from making policy on matters involving their former employers or clients for two years or working for an agency they lobbied within two years .
The administration also barred executive branch officials from speaking to lobbyists seeking economic stimulus funds under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act .
After a protest from the lobbying community , the Obama administration later revised the rules , narrowing the time frame when the ban applied and expanding it to cover everyone seeking to exert influence on contract awards , not just lobbyists .
Reviews are mixed on the effectiveness of the new rules .
Reporting requirements on those seeking stimulus funds are off to a slow start .
In August , the government reported only eight lobbying contacts on the $ 787 billion stimulus bill , according to the Associated Press .
The Pentagon , which controls $ 7.4 billion in stimulus spending , reported only one contact from a lobbyist so far this year .
The White House argues that the low number of reported interactions shows the rules are working .
“ This is a good thing , not a bad thing , ” White House counsel Norm Eisen told the Associated Press .
But one lobbyist said that rather than visit the Energy Department herself to seek stimulus funds , she sent her client , who was n’t a registered lobbyist .
So the low number of reported interactions may indicate some lobbyists have found a way around the rules .
Administration rules trying to slow the revolving door between government and lobbying firms received high praise from influence - industry watchdog groups .
“ They demonstrated that President Obama was serious and cared about these issues , ” says Wertheimer .
“ No one has come close to doing what they have done in terms of the revolving - door provisions for people who leave the administration . ”
But the revolving - door rules also make it difficult for lobbyists for nonprofit causes to work on issues to which they have devoted their lives .
“ I ’m disappointed that the president has adopted such a restrictive policy , ” says Ralph Neas , chief executive officer of the National Coalition on Health Care and a longtime civil rights activist .
“ It is a tragedy ... too many good people have been kept out . ”
In some cases , the Obama administration ran into what CRP executive director Krumholz calls “ the cold , harsh reality of the onerous task of filling political appointments ” and did end up hiring lobbyists for key positions .
A National Journal tabulation shows 30 of Mr. Obama ’s top appointees – 11 percent – had been lobbyists within the past five years .
Among the exceptions the administration made in its revolving - door rules : Former Raytheon lobbyist William Lynn , who was named deputy Defense secretary .
The revolving - door rules matter because experts say the most effective tool for affecting legislation is hiring a former member of Congress or a key congressional staffer .
“ The healthcare battle is instructive in the sense that we know that the vast majority of players who care about this battle have hired at least one insider , ” says Krumholz .
“ So they have got the revolving door working for them ... former members are golden if you can get them . ”
In her view , the next most effective lobbying tool is the ability to bundle campaign cash for a candidate or a member of Congress .
The current limit for individual giving is $ 2,400 .
“ If you can multiply that by 100 people , [ it means ] that you can deliver a big message to a candidate or a member of Congress , ” Krumholz says .
“ In that way , you can funnel money to the targets that are most valuable to you as chairmen or ranking members of key committees that can move your legislative agenda forward fastest . ”
Lobbyists “ catch us when they catch us , and that ’s usually at a fundraiser , ” says former 11 - term Rep. Chris Shays ( R ) of Connecticut .
“ The dollars do n’t buy votes , they buy a better shot at access .
There ’s a distortion but a much different one than most people think . ”
The practice of plying legislators with food and drink and taking them to sporting events has fallen off in the wake of tough new rules adopted because of the lobbying scandal surrounding Jack Abramoff , who was convicted of fraud , tax evasion , and conspiracy to bribe public officials by trading gifts , meals , and sports trips for political favors .
The 2007 Honest Leadership and Open Government
Act has a provision some in Washington sarcastically refer to as “ The Jack Abramoff Reform ” that prohibits members of Congress from receiving gifts , including gifts of meals , entertainment , and travel , from lobbyists .
Measuring the success of lobbying efforts is difficult , experts say .
“ Members of Congress almost never make up their minds , first , on any one thing , or based on what a single lobbyist is saying to them , ” Wertheimer says .
“ There is a hell of a lot of smoke blown in Washington by lobbyists to their clients about what they have single - handedly accomplished . ”
And , of course , sometimes the battle in Washington is to keep things from happening , which can be harder to track than an action in favor of some industry .
For example , Krumholz cites the success of oil company executives in warding off legislative action when oil prices were high .
“ Although they were the target of such public ire and although they were marched up to Capitol Hill to explain themselves and their high profits at a time of high gas prices , they were able to diffuse the issue , and I think lobbying and campaign contributions had a lot to do with that . ”
Another example of lobbying success , Wertheimer says , is the battle to impose tougher regulation on cigarettes .
It was , he says , “ a David and Goliath battle against enormous resources . ”
==
Also in this series :
When Gates stared down the F - 22 lobbyists
The lobbyist through history : villainy and virtue
GLACIERS in the Alps , Andes and Himalayas have stopped melting after the release of secret emails showing climate change scientists are at it .
Vast ice sheets across the globe gained up to four inches just hours after it emerged experts at the University of East Anglia had been manipulating data in a bid to knock - off early .
Meanwhile in the Antarctic the 200 square mile Donnelly ice shelf changed direction and headed back towards the continent where it then reattached itself to the slightly larger McPartlin ice shelf .
Climate change sceptic and fully - qualified blogger Martin Bishop said : “ As soon as these emails were released the world ’s glaciers resumed their normal , icey behaviour , as long - predicted by some of London ’s most important journalists .
“ This is the smoking iceberg that fires a polar bear of truth between the eyes of hysteria and communism . ”
He added : “ More than half the world ’s journalists who have read Nigel Lawson ’s book now accept that the atmosphere could not possibly have been affected by setting fire to millions of tons of coal , oil and gas every single day for 150 years while at the same time chopping down most of the really big trees .
“ Can we all please now return to some kind of sanity and tie George Monbiot to the back of a Range Rover ? ”
Professor Henry Brubaker , of the Institute for Studies , said : “ While there will always be debate over climate data , it ’s important to remember that the state of the world ’s icebergs and glaciers remains wholly dependant on which group of tedious , hectoring arseholes is currently winning the argument . ”
But Bill McKay , an accountant from Dunbar , said : “ I ’m not a scientist , but last week I noticed some mosquito - like creatures buzzing around the light at my back door .
Again , not a scientist , but … mosquitos , November , Scotland .
“ Someone needs to explain that to me , because as things stand , it does seem to be a tad fucked up . ”
“ I believe that so much research has come out lately suggesting that we may have underestimated certain aspects of the mental ability of dogs that even the most hardened cynic has to think twice before rejecting the possibilities , ” said Stanley Coren , a psychology professor at the University of British Columbia and an author of several books on dogs .
Dr. Coren ’s work on intelligence , along with other research suggesting that the canine brain processes information something like the way people do , has drawn criticism .
And there is good reason .
For most of the last century the specter of a horse named Clever Hans hung over anyone who tried to prove that dogs were acting in thoughtful ways  not merely mimicking or manipulating people into believing that they in fact grasped human concepts .
Clever Hans was said to be able to count , make change and tell time by tapping his hoof , until investigators in the early 1900s learned that Hans was merely responding to his trainer ’s body language , tapping when the trainer nodded his head .
This provided an enduring example for those who believed thought was the exclusive domain of humans .
But in 2004 , German researchers reported that a border collie named Rico could learn the name of an object in one try , had 200 objects in his repertoire and remembered them all a month later , all very human .
Even skeptical animal behavior researchers found the Rico results impressive and sound .
Is it possible that Rico turned the tide on the Clever Hans problem , even though there is debate about how we can reliably measure what dogs know ?
By giving dogs language learning and other tests devised for infants and toddlers , Dr. Coren has come up with an intelligence ranking of 100 breeds , with border collies at No. 1 . He says the most intelligent breeds ( poodles , retrievers , Labradors and shepherds ) can learn as many as 250 words , signs and signals , while the others can learn 165 .
The average dog is about as intellectually advanced as a 2 - to 2 - and - a - half - year - old child , he has concluded , with an ability to understand some abstract concepts .
For example , the animal can get “ the idea of being a dog ” by differentiating photographs with dogs in them from photographs without dogs .
But Clive D. L. Wynne , an associate professor of psychology at the University of Florida who specializes in canine cognition and has himself said he met a border collie who knew 1,500 words , takes issue with efforts to compare human and canine brains .
He argues that it is dogs ’ deep sensitivity to the humans around them , their obedience under rigorous training , and their desire to please that can explain most of these capabilities .
They may be deft at reading human cues  and teachable  but that does n’t mean they are thinking like people , he says .
A dog ’s entire world revolves around its primary owner , and it will respond to that person to get what it wants , usually food , treats or affection .
“ I take the view that dogs have their own unique way of thinking , ” Dr. Wynne said .
“ It ’s a happy accident that doggie thinking and human thinking overlap enough that we can have these relationships with dogs , but we should n’t kid ourselves that dogs are viewing the world the way we do . ”
' In my 42 years of working closely with bears and testing every no - no , I have not found a way of getting a bear to attack .
The more I push them the more they try to get away .
They might want to nip and slap , but it is not an attack , it is just a way of fending me off so they can find a way to escape , ' he says
Photograph : David Wright
When we look back at the " noughties " – pausing briefly to gently vomit in protest at the hideous made - up word " noughties " – we 'll realise this was a golden age for absolute bollocks .
Fun bollocks , maybe … but bollocks all the same .
Every new US show these days is fun bollocks .
We 've had the one where it 's in real time ( 24 ) , the one where they 're stranded on a weird island ( Lost ) , the one where they break out of prison ( Prison Break ) , the one where the killer kills killers ( Dexter ) and the one where unfettered capitalism creates and destroys an entire underclass ( The Wire ) .
Everything needs a hook , the hookier the better .
Before long , we 'll end up with the hookiest show possible :
The Hookening – where everyone in the world suddenly passes out and wakes up 137 seconds later with a hook for a hand .
Irritating for most of us ; devastating for the jar industry .
We 're not there yet , but who knows what could happen in six months ' time ?
For now , we 'll have to be content with FlashForward ( Mon , 9 pm , Five ) .
It stars Joseph Fiennes as Mr Nice Cop with a Drink Problem , and it 's the one where everyone in the world passes out for 137 seconds and has a vision of the future six months from now .
Weirder still , it 's not strictly a vision : their consciousness has somehow raced forward in time , so they 've experienced precisely what they 'll be doing for around two minutes on 29 April 2010 .
Some are performing mundane actions , like reading the paper on the bog ; others are doing exciting things , like being shot at .
It 's the world 's biggest spoiler .
Having wandered off into futureworld for roughly half the length of an ad break , they 're sucked back into the present , where naturally everyone 's now a bit confused .
And in some cases , dead .
Because absolutely everyone blacked out simultaneously , there were countless car crashes , air disasters , chip - pan fires and so on , vividly depicted in scenes in which Joseph Fiennes wanders around a semi- destroyed LA gawping at various bits of CGI devastation .
Helicopter crashes account for some of the worst damage , although several buildings appear to have burst into flames out of sheer confusion during the blackout .
In one scene we get a glimpse of London ; Big Ben is on fire .
Presumably the bells overheated during the timequake .
( Incidentally I call it a " timequake " because it seems vaguely similar to Kurt Vonnegut 's novel Timequake , although apparently it 's based on a different book , called , unsurprisingly , FlashForward . )
The rest of the story revolves around solving what caused the Great Leap Forward in the first instance .
That 's Fiennes 's job .
He saw himself in a big room full of clues , halfway toward solving the mystery , evading some bad guys .
Oh , and drinking from a hip flask , so he knows he 's going to fall off the wagon .
Or does he ?
Yes !
No !
It rather depends on whether man truly has free will or not .
Philosophers have wrestled with that one for centuries ; this show promises to clear it up once and for all , and find room for a romantic subplot .
Perhaps it was originally pitched with the working title Adventures in Compatibilism : A Determinist Thought Experiment .
Anyway , it 's not bad : enjoyable bunkum in the manner of early Lost , although the paradox - heavy storyline easily overshadows the characters , who thus far could all be replaced by cardboard boxes with Character # 1 , Character # 2 and so on scrawled on the front .
The fun comes in spotting flaws in the narrative .
Such as : if everyone experienced the same bit of " future " , how come their future selves did n't seem aware the flash forward was going to happen ?
They were sitting in meetings , or running around , or watching TV .
Nobody saw themselves saying " Ooooh , this is the bit I saw six months ago " .
It 's not a show , it 's a puzzle .
There are 10 billion other paradoxes in the storyline .
How many can you find ?
( Answers on page 94 , six months from now ) .
• The caption to the picture accompanying this article was amended on Wednesday 7 October 2009 .
It shows Joseph Fiennes , not Ralph as we said .
This has been corrected .
The BBC today rejected a call from Cabinet minister Peter Hain to drop British National Party leader Nick Griffin from the panel on BBC1's Question Time this Thursday .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Hain , a long - standing campaigner against apartheid , has written to BBC director general Mark Thompson warning he could face legal action if he allows Mr Griffin to take part in the flagship political show .
The Welsh Secretary argued that the BNP was currently " an unlawful body " after the party told a court last week it would amend its whites - only membership rules to meet discrimination legislation .
The Equality and Human Rights Commission had issued county court proceedings over concerns the membership criteria were restrictive to those within certain ethnic groups .
In a letter to Mr Hain today , Mr Thompson responded : " According to the advice we have received , the British National Party is not prevented from continuing to operate on a day - to - day basis and its elected representatives continue to sit on councils and in the European Parliament .
" It remains the BBC 's obligation to scrutinise and hold to account all elected representatives and to do so with due impartiality .
" We are also advised that if there were to be any election - local or national - tomorrow , the BNP would still be able to field candidates .
" We therefore do not agree that the developments in the Central London County Court proceedings legally inhibit the BBC from allowing Nick Griffin to participate on the Question Time programme and our position remains as set out . "
Mr Griffin is due to appear on Thursday 's edition of Question Time alongside Justice Secretary Jack Straw , representatives of the other main parties and black writer Bonnie Greer .
But in his letter last night , Mr Hain said that the invitation to the BNP leader should be suspended until he is able to agree a new constitution with his party that meets the requirements of anti-discrimination laws .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
" If you do not review the decision you may run the very serious risk of legal challenge in addition to the moral objections that I make , " he warned .
Mr Hain today told BBC Radio 5 Live : " The difference between the BNP and other organisations is that the BNP consistently abuses its own freedom of speech to deny it to others by attacking black people , Muslims , or Jewish citizens , " he told BBC Radio 5 Live .
" What they do not deserve , in my view - and the BBC has taken an extraordinary decision here - is to put them alongside the other parties as equally legitimate , equally respectable , when we know they are a racist party with fascist roots .
" I think that puts them in an entirely separate box . "
The BBC says Mr Griffin 's inclusion is based on obligations resulting from the party 's success in winning two seats in European Parliament elections this year .
Anti-fascist campaigners plan to stage a protest against Mr Griffin 's presence on the show at the BBC's Television Centre in west London when it is filmed on Thursday .
But an opinion poll at the weekend found voters backed the BBC by 63 per cent to 23 per cent .
Downing Street said it was up to the BBC whether Mr Griffin appeared on the programme .
" Editorial decisions about who appears on Question Time are a matter for the BBC , " the Prime Minister 's spokesman told reporters .
The spokesman said Mr Brown had made clear in the past that he was " not afraid to debate with anybody " .
It was " not a problem " that Mr Straw would be appearing on the programme with Mr Griffin .
Supernatural is one of the most consistent shows delivering something great week in and week out , but this last episode far outclassed any this season .
With a switched up format , The End delivered on every level with exceptional writing and acting .
It met its mark at every turn with pinpoint accuracy .
Supernatural is such an impressive show it's a shame it's left festering on the CW while crap like Heroes gets double the viewers just because it is on NBC .
Zachariah send Dean into the future where the Earth is just devastated .
The Croatoan demon virus from season 2 has infected vast majorities of the world .
There is an amazing scene in the beginning where an infected girl attacks
Dean who hits back and then runs from other infected people while the military is shooting at them .
As you can see from the newspaper , the world is pretty much screwed .
Honestly , I could have done without the Sarah Palin jab , but I guess in conjunction with the other headlines , it was n't too offensive .
Present Dean meets future Dean and we get to see more unpleasantness .
Sam actually said yes to the devil , becoming the vessel , and Dean ( future ) is n't quite the same Dean we knew him .
He 's back to torturing and when their group goes on a raid , future Dean chooses to sacrifice everyone else to get to Sam / Devil .
So how far would Dean go ?
I guess we learned in this episode ; he will go all the way , even if that means sacrificing innocent people and committing atrocities along the way .
The big moment comes when Sam as Lucifer arrives to talk with Dean where he rationalized what he did .
I understand why Lucifer does things .
No one likes being usurped by a lower being , and God gave angels the ability to become mad , so I guess Lucifer does have a point until of course God comes back and sets things straight .
Jared Padalecki had a superb performance after a shaky start as the calm , calculating devil who speaks softly and carries a big stick .
Oh wait ...
Castiel and his harem was utterly delightful and I would love to have seen present Cas see what future Cas was doing .
With Sam and Dean back together , we 'll probably see less of Mischa Collins , but Cas running around with Dean would never have worked in the long run anyways .
Score : 9.8/10
Congratulations to President Obama for being awarded the Nobel Peace Prize .
This is truly an honor and there is no person more deserving of winning this prestigious prize than our Beloved President .
In winning the Nobel Peace Prize , President Obama joins other deserving and peaceful winners of this prize such as Henry Kissinger , Woodrow Wilson , and Yasser Arafat .
Clearly , ordering an additional 17,000 Americans soldiers to fight in Afghanistan less than a month after assuming office is a major example of just how peaceful President Obama can be .
The President is also considering major troop increases for the Afghan War–perhaps as many as 30,000 - 40,000 , another sign of just how committed to peace this man is .
Remember that other War , you know –the one in Iraq that you heard about daily when President Bush was in office ?
Candidate Obama pledged to withdraw all of our troops from Iraq within 18 months .
We are now about half way to the 18 month timeline , and President Obama has made major progress towards his goal of a withdrawal ( at his inauguration , 142,000 American soldiers were in Iraq–we now have ONLY 124,000 ) .
Major troop withdrawals like this provide just another reason why President Obama deserved this award so much .
I for one am glad that the Nobel Prize committee chose to award the prize for rhetoric , rather than actions .
I for one am so tired of people who actually make the world a more peaceful place .
Its about time that someone was rewarded just for talking about problems , instead of doing something about them .
Nominations for this award had to be received by February 1st , 2009 .
President Obama was inaugurated at noon on January 20th , meaning that he was awarded this prize for 12 whole days of rhetoric .
If sending 17,000 more troops to war and 12 days of rhetoric can win a man a Nobel Peace Prize , is there any way that sending an additional 30,000 - 40,000 troops off to war and an additional year of rhetoric can prevent President Obama from winnning a second Nobel ?
And get ready : The Nobel Prize Committee will announce the winner of Nobel Prize in Economics on Monday .
If a man who sends thousands of soldiers off to die can win a prize for peace , the same man who ’s economic policies have pushed the Nation to the brink of bankruptcy ( while recreating the bubbles which just burst–thereby putting the economy at risk again ) ought to be a lock to win the Nobel Prize in Economics .
Americanly Yours ,
Phred Barnet
Please help me promote my site :
Share on Facebook
Become a fan on Facebook
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 October 3
Old Faith - Full Moon
Credit & Copyright : Jimmy and Linda Westlake
Explanation : Scheduled to illuminate the landscape throughout the night tomorrow , October 's bright Full Moon will also be called the Harvest Moon .
Traditionally , the Harvest Moon is the Full Moon closest to the autumnal equinox .
But in this vacation snapshot , the Full Moon could be called the " Old Faith - Full Moon " .
Taken on September 4 , the picture combines the regularly occurring lunar phase with Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park , named for its dependable erruptions .
Shining on the well - known geyser 's towering pillar from behind , the moonlight creates an eerie halo surrounding convoluted shapes .
Faithfully , the Full Moon itself is bright enough to be seen through the dense swirling steam near the top .
helpful .
You either know something or you do n't .
Thank you for the helpful knowledge ! "
... "
" I do n't feel bad about saying that I did n't know how to cook rice .
I know now .
Articles like these are really
Oracle CEO Larry Ellison has been fawning all over Sun Microsystems technologies lately , such as Java , the Solaris OS , the MySQL database , and the Sparc CPU platform .
But it still remains to be seen how Oracle will deal with redundancies in the Java enterprise application server and IDE spaces once Sun becomes part of Oracle .
The merger between the two companies currently is pending .
At the Oracle OpenWorld 2009 conference in San Francisco on Monday , Oracle promoted planned advancements in the WebLogic application server platform it inherited from its 2008 acquisition of BEA systems , involving modularization and support of OSGi technology .
[ Earlier today , Oracle 's Ellison and Sun's Scott McNealy vowed that Sun 's technologies would live on post - merger .
Also at OpenWorld , Oracle highlighted its efforts to integrate technology it has acquired recently . ]
Shortly thereafter , in another OpenWorld presentation , James Gosling , a Sun vice president considered the father of Java , hailed Sun 's own open source Glass Fish application server .
" The adoption of Glassfish is pretty amazing , " Gosling said .
Deployments have taken place all over the world , and the technology is used for mission - critical systems , he said , noting that " it 's running at about a million downloads a month . "
Oracle already has made WebLogic its core Java server while putting its own application server , which it owned prior to the BEA buy , in support mode .
That application server is now called Oracle Container for Java .
Gosling also touted the NetBeans IDE Monday , which rivals the Eclipse IDE that has been backed by Oracle .
Additionally , Oracle has its own JDeveloper IDE .
Gosling called NetBeans a top - of - the - line IDE and said he was " a huge NetBeans fan . "
If the $ 7.4 billion acquisition of Sun goes through , Oracle would have to either find a place for GlassFish and NetBeans in its product roster or could spin them out .
Thus far , Oracle has expressed strong commitments to Sun technologies while not addressing , specifically , what would happen with technologies such as GlassFish and NetBeans .
Asked if he was concerned about Oracle 's commitment to NetBeans and Glassfish , Gosling deferred to Oracle .
" I have no data one way or the other , " Gosling said .
Oracle 's Ted Farrell , chief architect and senior vice president , said Monday that such questions could be cleared up once the merger was completed .
" We need the EU [ European Union ] to let this thing go through , " and then questions such as the fate of NetBeans and Glassfish could be addressed , Farrell said .
The EU has had issues with Oracle owning both its own commercial database and the MySQL open source database , which Sun now owns .
Modularization of the application server platform is being pondered in a project called WebLogic DM ( Dynamic Modules ) .
The point would be to modularize the core of the application server so functionality could be built on top of it , Farrell said .
OSGI , according to Oracle officials , offers benefits in that it is small , fast and mature , is service - oriented and has multi-environment support .
The microkernel - based DM technology is eyed for release in 2010 or 2011 .
The company , however , has run into issues with providing tooling for DM , according to Oracle officials .
Security also is an issue .
The DM technology would not replace the existing application server .
Sun 's cloud platform also remains a question mark .
In another OpenWorld session Monday , Sun's Tim Bray , director of Web technologies , touted benefits of cloud computing and acknowledged Sun 's planned Sun Cloud computing platform .
Announced in March , Sun Cloud was supposed to be rolled out this summer .
While Ellison has been skeptical of cloud computing , Bray said to stand by for an announcement pertaining to Sun Cloud .
Also at OpenWorld , Farrell noted plans for a product called ADF ( Application Development Framework ) Mobile Client , a Java - based runtime client that runs disconnected on a mobile client .
" The problem that we 're trying to solve is how to extend my enterprise applications into mobile , " Farrell said .
ADF Mobile Client is due as a developer preview later this year .
This story , " SFate of some Sun technologies still up in the air , " was originally published at InfoWorld.com .
Follow the latest trends for developers , open source , and database management at InfoWorld.com .
A laser - powered robot took a climb up a cable in the Mohave Desert in Wednesday , and pushed ahead the sci - fi inspired notion of a space elevator capable of lifting astronauts , cargo , and even tourists up into orbit .
The robot , built by LaserMotive of Seattle , whizzed up 2,953 feet ( nearly 1 kilometer ) in about four minutes , which qualifies the team for at least $ 900,000 of the $ 2 million in prizes offered in the NASA - backed Space Elevator Games .
Theorized in the 1960s and then popularized by Arthur C. Clarke 's 1979 novel " The Fountains of Paradise , " space elevators are envisioned as a way to gain access to space without the risk and expense of rockets .
Instead , electrically powered vehicles would run up and down a cable anchored to a ground structure and extending thousands of miles up to a mass in geosynchronous orbit — the kind of orbit communications satellites are placed in to stay over a fixed spot on the Earth [ AP ] .
The LaserMotive vehicle that climbed up the cable ( held by a hovering helicopter ) was powered by a system that resembles an upside - down solar power mechanism .
Laser beams on the ground were fired up at the ascending craft and hit its photovoltaic cells -- like those used in solar panels -- in a process known as " power beaming . "
LaserMotive will have a chance to improve its vehicle 's speed at another trial today , and other teams will also be vying for prizes .
Related Content : 80 beats : Japanese Group Pushes for $ 9 Billion , 22,000 - Mile Space Elevator DISCOVER : Going Up follows U.S. engineers on the space elevator quest Image : Space Elevator Games .
The LaserMotive vehicle gets weighed in .
Sabah Deadly Sea Offshore Work |
My sister who worked at the offshore platform in Sabah , Malaysia , gave me these eyes - opening photos .
Sorry about the quality because the photos were taken by her cell phone camera .
At first , I ’m kind of very shock , mouth - opening after saw these photos .
It is very scary !
I ca n’t imagine I worked on those kinds of work environment .
For your information , the salary of my sister and those around her is only about RM36000 per year ( about USD12000 ) , and in my opinion , it is not worth her life .
In positive side , I ’m just grateful I ’m working at the peaceful office with fully air - conditioning work space .
I hope you will be grateful too .
The Working Environment ..
The Supply Ship Looks very Small ..
The Supply Transfering Process …
Running from the Angry Tide
Going Back Home…or Heaven …
Category : South East Asia
Hundreds of Afghans living in Britain face being deported after immigration judges ruled that their home country 's bloody conflict did not make the region an unsafe place to return failed asylum - seekers .
The test ruling opens the way for deportation flights to southern parts of the war - torn country where thousands of civilians have lost their lives since the toppling of the Taliban in 2001 .
Three judges of the Immigration and Asylum Tribunal ruled on Wednesday that the level of " indiscriminate violence " was not enough to permit Afghans to claim general humanitarian protection in the United Kingdom .
Hundreds of asylum - seekers a year are returned to Afghanistan if they have not convinced a court they are in fear of persecution or that their lives are in danger .
The ruling on Wednesday prevents them from arguing that the country is a dangerous place .
Last night refugee campaigners said the situation was much more dangerous than it was being represented by the UK Government and the courts .
A spokesman for the charity Refugee and Migrant Justice said : " It is now going to be very difficult for people from Afghanistan seeking asylum in Britain to win their claim by arguing that Afghanistan is a dangerous country .
This decision really does take us back to square one . "
Peter Kessler , the UN Refugee Agency 's senior external affairs officer in the UK , said : " We are in disagreement with the conclusion that there can be returns during the winter months .
The UNHCR has consistently advised that returns should not take place over the winter months ( mid-October to 31 March ) , and only individuals from Kabul with family or other support structures may be returned . "
The judges said : " Nobody is suggesting that the situation in Afghanistan is anything but a very long way short of ideal but ... the numbers of civilians killed by indiscriminate violence turns out to be a great deal less than might otherwise have been expected . "
Turning down an asylum claim by a Afghan man , 20 , from Nangarhar , the court ruled that civilian casualty figures were not high enough to warrant protection under European law .
The judgment also made it clear that an asylum - seeker had to show why it was not possible to be relocated to another part of Afghanistan if they had succeeded in proving that they faced persecution in their own region .
Lawyers for the Home Office argued in court that progress by the US military had " yielded results " .
Evidence submitted by the Government showed that apart from one incident when an air strike erroneously targeted a wedding celebration , killing 37 civilians , there was a reduction in civilian casualties caused by pro-government forces .
In the judgment , the three senior immigration judges observed : " It is very difficult , from reading a number of qualitative reports concerning various incidents occurring in different parts of a country , to get a reliable feel for what is really going on .
Many of the incidents are reported more than once , and the political stance of those reporting the incident is not always clear . "
Last year 3,800 Afghans , of whom 1,185 were asylum - seekers , were returned to Afghanistan .
* A British soldier was killed by a blast in southern Afghanistan yesterday .
The serviceman , from the Royal Military Police , died while on a foot patrol near Gereshk district centre in Helmand Province .
Lt - Col David Wakefield , spokesman for Task Force Helmand , confirmed the soldier 's death in an explosion .
" He died doing his duty and we will remember him , " he said .
Case study :
Sent back to his death
Abdullah Tokhi , 35 , repeatedly pleaded while seeking asylum in Britain that his life was in danger because of a sectarian and political blood feud back home .
But the Government at the time decided that Afghanistan was now a safe place thanks to the intervention of Britain and the US , and Mr Tokhi was returned to his village .
A year later he was dead , shot while walking in a crowded street in a bazaar .
The account given by Mr Tokhi in his asylum application stated that the family originally lived in Bangarak in the Kalakan region in the north at a time when the ruling Taliban , overwhelmingly Pashtun , carried out widespread persecution of the Tajik population in the area .
After the US and British invasion of 2001 , the Northern Alliance , predominantly Tajiks and Uzbeks , took control and began hunting down those who had helped the Taliban .
As Mr Tokhi continued his efforts to stay in Britain , the situation in Afghanistan deteriorated , with regions falling into lawlessness .
The Taliban moved back into this vacuum .
Mr Tokhi's apprehension about his family 's safety increased after reports that his enemies had tracked his family to their home in Paghman .
Mr Tokhi's application for asylum was turned down by the then Home Secretary , David Blunkett , as was his appeal .
He returned to Afghanistan in September 2004 and was killed in autumn 2005 .
Belfast Telegraph
The concept of confinement is one of the central ideas in modern physics .
The most famous example is that of quarks which bind together to form protons and neutrons .
Now Prof.
Bella Lake from Helmholtz - Zentrum Berlin together with an international team of scientists report for the first time an experimental realization and a proof of confinement phenomenon observed in a condensed matter system .
The concept of confinement states that in certain systems the constituent particles are bound together by an interaction whose strength increases with increasing particle separation .
In the case of quarks they are held together by the so called strong force , a force that grows stronger with increasing distance .
As a consequence individual particles like quarks do n't exist in a free state and their properties can be observed only indirectly .
In the 1990s Prof Alexei Tsvelik from Brookhaven National Laboratory ( USA ) and co-workers predicted an analogous confinement process in systems known as spin-ladders found in condensed matter physics .
Experimental confirmation of this phenomenon has however only been achieved recently as described by Bella Lake et al in the current issue of the journal Nature Physics .
The most famous example of confinement is of quarks which are held together in protons and neutrons , for example , by the strong force , a force that grows stronger with increasing distance .
" It has been interesting for us that a similar situation of confinement can be modeled in condensed matter systems , " Alexei M.Tsvelik of the Department of Condensed Matter Physics and Materials Science , Brookhaven National Laboratory , said .
" Instead of quarks being confined in protons and neutrons , we have other quantum entities that act just like particles -- elementary excitations of magnetic systems called spinons . "
In the case of the current experiment , the spinons exist on parallel chains of copper - oxide separated by inert calcium .
Spinons on individual chains are not confined , but as soon as two chains are brought together to form ladder - like arrangements , the inter - ladder interactions confine the spinons .
Spin-ladders consist of two chains of copper oxide chemically bonded together .
This makes the electrons interact strongly with each other .
A remarkable feature of a single chain is that the individual electrons , which behave as an elementary charge combined with magnetic spin , co-operate in concert to separate into independent spin and charge parts .
According to Bella Lake
" The spin parts , known as spinons , have different properties to those of the original electrons .
In fact they are analogous to quarks , the building blocks of protons and neutrons . "
On coupling two chains together to form a spin ladder the spin parts are found to recombine , but in a new way .
" We have found , that excitations of individual chains , so called spinons , are confined in a similar way to that in which elementary quarks are held together , " Bella Lake said .
The team of scientists have found evidence for the confinement idea by neutron scattering experiments on magnetic crystals of calcium cuprate ( a copper - oxide material synthesized at the Leibniz Institute for Solid State and materials research in Dresden ) .
The neutron experiments were performed using the MAPS spectrometer at the ISIS pulsed neutron source at Rutherford Appleton Laboratory , UK .
Further the crystal and magnetic structure were investigated from neutron data collected on the E5 instrument at the research reactor BER II in Berlin .
The neutron scattering data show that the electrons essentially first split into spins and charges on the chains , then the spinons pair up again due to ladder effects .
Prof Alan Tennant , the head of " Institute Complex Magnetic Materials " at HZB , explained : " The geometry of the ladder in fact plays a special role : the spinons always appear in pairs and when they move apart , they force a reorganisation of the intervening electrons that costs energy .
The energy cost grows with separation -- like a rubber band . "
According to Bella Lake
" This strong pairing up of two spinons is like quarks binding together to form subatomic particles like hadrons and mesons . "
Prof Alexei Tsvelik who developed the theoretical description explained " The formation of hadrons is well established on a qualitative level , but its quantitative aspects remain unresolved .
It is unknown how to relate the theoretical parameters to the observed hadron masses .
This is one of the reasons why condensed matter analogues are interesting .
They provide examples of confinement for which detailed descriptions have been achieved .
The finding , in a well - described magnetic system , may offer new ways to explore quantum chromodynamics , the theory that describes the fundamental interactions of quarks .
Jail - breaking an iPhone handset invalidates the warranty says Apple .
A second worm to hit the iPhone has been unearthed by security company F - Secure .
It is specifically targeting people in the Netherlands who are using their iPhones for internet banking with Dutch online bank ING .
It redirects the bank 's customers to a lookalike site with a log - in screen .
The worm attacks " jail - broken " phones - a modification which enables the user to run non-Apple approved software on their handset .
The handsets at risk also have SSH ( secure shell ) installed .
Many people use SSH so other programs can remotely connect to an iPhone and , among other things , transfer files .
It comes with a default password , " alpine " which should be changed .
Only users who have installed SSH and not changed the password are at risk .
The new worm is more serious than the first because it can behave like a botnet , warns F - Secure .
This enables the phone to be accessed or controlled remotely without the permission of its owner .
' Clearly malicious '
" It 's the second iPhone worm ever and the first that 's clearly malicious - there 's a clear financial motive behind it , " F - Secure research director Mikko Hypponen told the BBC .
" It 's fairly isolated and specific to Netherlands but it is capable of spreading . "
He added although the number of infected phones was thought to be in the hundreds rather than thousands , the worm could jump from phone to phone among owners using the same wi-fi hotspot .
A spokesperson for ING Bank said that a warning was going to be put on the bank 's official website .
" We are also briefing call centre personnel , " she added .
" It 's important to remember that the worm only affects jail - broken phones and it is only aimed at customers in the Netherlands . "
The first iPhone worm , called ikee , was harmless .
Users with infected phones found their wallpaper replaced with a picture of 1980s popstar Rick Astley .
It also targeted jail - broken phones which were SSH enabled .
Its creator Ashley Towns said he wrote the ikee program in order to raise the issue of iPhone security .
I have no idea what he was going to do ........ but it sure did n't work out the way he intended .
5. Extensions to the C++ Language
The GNU compiler provides these extensions to the C++ language ( and you can also use most of the C language extensions in your C++ programs ) .
If you want to write code that checks whether these features are available , you can test for the GNU compiler the same way as for C programs : check for a predefined macro __GNUC__ .
You can also use __GNUG__ to test specifically for GNU C++ ( see section ` Standard Predefined Macros ' in The C Preprocessor ) .
5.1 Named Return Values in C++
GNU C++ extends the function - definition syntax to allow you to specify a name for the result of a function outside the body of the definition , in C++ programs :
type functionname ( args ) return resultname ; { ... body ... }
You can use this feature to avoid an extra constructor call when a function result has a class type .
For example , consider a function m , declared as `X v = m ( ) ; ' , whose result is of class X :
X m () { X b ; b.a = 23 ; return b; }
Although m appears to have no arguments , in fact it has one implicit argument : the address of the return value .
At invocation , the address of enough space to hold v is sent in as the implicit argument .
Then b is constructed and its a field is set to the value 23 .
Finally , a copy constructor ( a constructor of the form `X ( X& ) ' ) is applied to b , with the ( implicit ) return value location as the target , so that v is now bound to the return value .
But this is wasteful .
The local b is declared just to hold something that will be copied right out .
While a compiler that combined an " elision " algorithm with interprocedural data flow analysis could conceivably eliminate all of this , it is much more practical to allow you to assist the compiler in generating efficient code by manipulating the return value explicitly , thus avoiding the local variable and copy constructor altogether .
Using the extended GNU C++ function - definition syntax , you can avoid the temporary allocation and copying by naming r as your return value at the outset , and assigning to its a field directly :
X m ( ) return r ; { r.a = 23 ; }
The declaration of r is a standard , proper declaration , whose effects are executed before any of the body of m .
Functions of this type impose no additional restrictions ; in particular , you can execute return statements , or return implicitly by reaching the end of the function body ( " falling off the edge " ) .
Cases like
X m ( ) return r ( 23 ) ; { return ; }
( or even `X m ( ) return r ( 23 ) ; { } ' ) are unambiguous , since the return value r has been initialized in either case .
The following code may be hard to read , but also works predictably :
X m ( ) return r ; { X b ; return b; }
The return value slot denoted by r is initialized at the outset , but the statement `return b ; ' overrides this value .
The compiler deals with this by destroying r ( calling the destructor if there is one , or doing nothing if there is not ) , and then reinitializing r with b .
This extension is provided primarily to help people who use overloaded operators , where there is a great need to control not just the arguments , but the return values of functions .
For classes where the copy constructor incurs a heavy performance penalty ( especially in the common case where there is a quick default constructor ) , this is a major savings .
The disadvantage of this extension is that you do not control when the default constructor for the return value is called : it is always called at the beginning .
5.2 Minimum and Maximum Operators in C++
It is very convenient to have operators which return the " minimum " or the " maximum " of two arguments .
In GNU C++ ( but not in GNU C ) ,
a <? b is the minimum , returning the smaller of the numeric values a and b ; a >?
b is the maximum , returning the larger of the numeric values a and b .
These operations are not primitive in ordinary C++ , since you can use a macro to return the minimum of two things in C++ , as in the following example .
# define MIN ( X , Y ) ( ( X ) < ( Y ) ? : ( X ) : ( Y ) )
You might then use `int min = MIN ( i , j ) ; ' to set min to the minimum value of variables i and j .
However , side effects in X or Y may cause unintended behavior .
For example , MIN ( i++ , j ++ ) will fail , incrementing the smaller counter twice .
A GNU C extension allows you to write safe macros that avoid this kind of problem ( see section Naming an Expression 's Type ) .
However , writing MIN and MAX as macros also forces you to use function - call notation for a fundamental arithmetic operation .
Using GNU C++ extensions , you can write `int min = i <? j ; ' instead .
Since <? and >?
are built into the compiler , they properly handle expressions with side - effects ; `int min = i++ <? j++ ;' works correctly .
5.3 goto and Destructors in GNU C ++
In C++ programs , you can safely use the goto statement .
When you use it to exit a block which contains aggregates requiring destructors , the destructors will run before the goto transfers control .
The compiler still forbids using goto to enter a scope that requires constructors .
5.4 Declarations and Definitions in One Header
C++ object definitions can be quite complex .
In principle , your source code will need two kinds of things for each object that you use across more than one source file .
First , you need an interface specification , describing its structure with type declarations and function prototypes .
Second , you need the implementation itself .
It can be tedious to maintain a separate interface description in a header file , in parallel to the actual implementation .
It is also dangerous , since separate interface and implementation definitions may not remain parallel .
With GNU C++ , you can use a single header file for both purposes .
Warning :
The mechanism to specify this is in transition .
For the nonce , you must use one of two # pragma commands ; in a future release of GNU C++ , an alternative mechanism will make these # pragma commands unnecessary .
The header file contains the full definitions , but is marked with `#pragma interface ' in the source code .
This allows the compiler to use the header file only as an interface specification when ordinary source files incorporate it with #include .
In the single source file where the full implementation belongs , you can use either a naming convention or `#pragma implementation ' to indicate this alternate use of the header file .
# pragma interface # pragma interface " subdir / objects .h "
Use this directive in header files that define object classes , to save space in most of the object files that use those classes .
Normally , local copies of certain information ( backup copies of inline member functions , debugging information , and the internal tables that implement virtual functions ) must be kept in each object file that includes class definitions .
You can use this pragma to avoid such duplication .
When a header file containing `#pragma interface ' is included in a compilation , this auxiliary information will not be generated ( unless the main input source file itself uses `#pragma implementation ' ) .
Instead , the object files will contain references to be resolved at link time .
The second form of this directive is useful for the case where you have multiple headers with the same name in different directories .
If you use this form , you must specify the same string to `#pragma implementation ' .
# pragma implementation # pragma implementation " objects .h "
Use this pragma in a main input file , when you want full output from included header files to be generated ( and made globally visible ) .
The included header file , in turn , should use `#pragma interface ' .
Backup copies of inline member functions , debugging information , and the internal tables used to implement virtual functions are all generated in implementation files .
If you use `#pragma implementation ' with no argument , it applies to an include file with the same basename ( 2 ) as your source file .
For example , in `allclass.cc ' , giving just `#pragma implementation ' by itself is equivalent to `#pragma implementation " allclass.h " ' .
In versions of GNU C++ prior to 2.6.0 `allclass.h ' was treated as an implementation file whenever you would include it from `allclass.cc ' even if you never specified `#pragma implementation ' .
This was deemed to be more trouble than it was worth , however , and disabled .
If you use an explicit `#pragma implementation ' , it must appear in your source file before you include the affected header files .
Use the string argument if you want a single implementation file to include code from multiple header files .
( You must also use `#include ' to include the header file ; `# pragma implementation ' only specifies how to use the file -- it does n't actually include it . )
There is no way to split up the contents of a single header file into multiple implementation files .
`#pragma implementation ' and `#pragma interface ' also have an effect on function inlining .
If you define a class in a header file marked with `#pragma interface ' , the effect on a function defined in that class is similar to an explicit extern declaration -- the compiler emits no code at all to define an independent version of the function .
Its definition is used only for inlining with its callers .
Conversely , when you include the same header file in a main source file that declares it as `#pragma implementation ' , the compiler emits code for the function itself ; this defines a version of the function that can be found via pointers ( or by callers compiled without inlining ) .
If all calls to the function can be inlined , you can avoid emitting the function by compiling with ` - fno- implement - inlines ' .
If any calls were not inlined , you will get linker errors .
5.5 Where 's the Template ?
C++ templates are the first language feature to require more intelligence from the environment than one usually finds on a UNIX system .
Somehow the compiler and linker have to make sure that each template instance occurs exactly once in the executable if it is needed , and not at all otherwise .
There are two basic approaches to this problem , which I will refer to as the Borland model and the Cfront model .
Borland model Borland C++ solved the template instantiation problem by adding the code equivalent of common blocks to their linker ; the compiler emits template instances in each translation unit that uses them , and the linker collapses them together .
The advantage of this model is that the linker only has to consider the object files themselves ; there is no external complexity to worry about .
This disadvantage is that compilation time is increased because the template code is being compiled repeatedly .
Code written for this model tends to include definitions of all templates in the header file , since they must be seen to be instantiated .
Cfront model
The AT&T C++ translator , Cfront , solved the template instantiation problem by creating the notion of a template repository , an automatically maintained place where template instances are stored .
A more modern version of the repository works as follows :
As individual object files are built , the compiler places any template definitions and instantiations encountered in the repository .
At link time , the link wrapper adds in the objects in the repository and compiles any needed instances that were not previously emitted .
The advantages of this model are more optimal compilation speed and the ability to use the system linker ; to implement the Borland model a compiler vendor also needs to replace the linker .
The disadvantages are vastly increased complexity , and thus potential for error ; for some code this can be just as transparent , but in practice it can been very difficult to build multiple programs in one directory and one program in multiple directories .
Code written for this model tends to separate definitions of non-inline member templates into a separate file , which should be compiled separately .
When used with GNU ld version 2.8 or later on an ELF system such as Linux / GNU or Solaris 2 , or on Microsoft Windows , g++ supports the Borland model .
On other systems , g++ implements neither automatic model .
A future version of g++ will support a hybrid model whereby the compiler will emit any instantiations for which the template definition is included in the compile , and store template definitions and instantiation context information into the object file for the rest .
The link wrapper will extract that information as necessary and invoke the compiler to produce the remaining instantiations .
The linker will then combine duplicate instantiations .
In the mean time , you have the following options for dealing with template instantiations :
Compile your template - using code with ` - frepo ' .
The compiler will generate files with the extension `.rpo ' listing all of the template instantiations used in the corresponding object files which could be instantiated there ; the link wrapper , `collect2 ' , will then update the `.rpo ' files to tell the compiler where to place those instantiations and rebuild any affected object files .
The link - time overhead is negligible after the first pass , as the compiler will continue to place the instantiations in the same files .
This is your best option for application code written for the Borland model , as it will just work .
Code written for the Cfront model will need to be modified so that the template definitions are available at one or more points of instantiation ; usually this is as simple as adding # include < tmethods.cc > to the end of each template header .
For library code , if you want the library to provide all of the template instantiations it needs , just try to link all of its object files together ; the link will fail , but cause the instantiations to be generated as a side effect .
Be warned , however , that this may cause conflicts if multiple libraries try to provide the same instantiations .
For greater control , use explicit instantiation as described in the next option .
Compile your code with ` - fno- implicit - templates ' to disable the implicit generation of template instances , and explicitly instantiate all the ones you use .
This approach requires more knowledge of exactly which instances you need than do the others , but it 's less mysterious and allows greater control .
You can scatter the explicit instantiations throughout your program , perhaps putting them in the translation units where the instances are used or the translation units that define the templates themselves ; you can put all of the explicit instantiations you need into one big file ; or you can create small files like #include " Foo.h " # include " Foo.cc " template class Foo<int > ; template ostream& operator << ( ostream& , const Foo<int > & ) ; for each of the instances you need , and create a template instantiation library from those .
If you are using Cfront - model code , you can probably get away with not using ` - fno- implicit - templates ' when compiling files that do n't `#include ' the member template definitions .
If you use one big file to do the instantiations , you may want to compile it without ` - fno- implicit - templates ' so you get all of the instances required by your explicit instantiations ( but not by any other files ) without having to specify them as well .
g++ has extended the template instantiation syntax outlined in the Working Paper to allow forward declaration of explicit instantiations and instantiation of the compiler support data for a template class ( i.e. the vtable ) without instantiating any of its members : extern template int max ( int , int ) ; inline template class Foo<int > ;
Do nothing .
Pretend g++ does implement automatic instantiation management .
Code written for the Borland model will work fine , but each translation unit will contain instances of each of the templates it uses .
In a large program , this can lead to an unacceptable amount of code duplication .
Add `#pragma interface ' to all files containing template definitions .
For each of these files , add `#pragma implementation " filename " ' to the top of some `.C ' file which `#include ' s it .
Then compile everything with ` - fexternal - templates ' .
The templates will then only be expanded in the translation unit which implements them ( i.e. has a `#pragma implementation ' line for the file where they live ) ; all other files will use external references .
If you 're lucky , everything should work properly .
If you get undefined symbol errors , you need to make sure that each template instance which is used in the program is used in the file which implements that template .
If you do n't have any use for a particular instance in that file , you can just instantiate it explicitly , using the syntax from the latest C++ working paper : template class A < int > ; template ostream& operator << ( ostream& , const A < int > & ) ;
This strategy will work with code written for either model .
If you are using code written for the Cfront model , the file containing a class template and the file containing its member templates should be implemented in the same translation unit .
A slight variation on this approach is to instead use the flag ` - falt - external - templates ' ; this flag causes template instances to be emitted in the translation unit that implements the header where they are first instantiated , rather than the one which implements the file where the templates are defined .
This header must be the same in all translation units , or things are likely to break .
See section Declarations and Definitions in One Header , for more discussion of these pragmas .
5.6 Extracting the function pointer from a bound pointer to member function
In C++ , pointer to member functions ( PMFs ) are implemented using a wide pointer of sorts to handle all the possible call mechanisms ; the PMF needs to store information about how to adjust the `this ' pointer , and if the function pointed to is virtual , where to find the vtable , and where in the vtable to look for the member function .
If you are using PMFs in an inner loop , you should really reconsider that decision .
If that is not an option , you can extract the pointer to the function that would be called for a given object / PMF pair and call it directly inside the inner loop , to save a bit of time .
Note that you will still be paying the penalty for the call through a function pointer ; on most modern architectures , such a call defeats the branch prediction features of the CPU .
This is also true of normal virtual function calls .
The syntax for this extension is
extern A a ; extern int ( A ::* fp ) ( ) ; typedef int ( * fptr ) ( A *) ; fptr p = ( fptr ) ( a.* fp ) ;
You must specify ` - Wno - pmf - conversions ' to use this extension .
5.7 Type Abstraction using Signatures
In GNU C++ , you can use the keyword signature to define a completely abstract class interface as a datatype .
You can connect this abstraction with actual classes using signature pointers .
If you want to use signatures , run the GNU compiler with the ` - fhandle - signatures ' command - line option .
( With this option , the compiler reserves a second keyword sigof as well , for a future extension . )
Roughly , signatures are type abstractions or interfaces of classes .
Some other languages have similar facilities .
C++ signatures are related to ML 's signatures , Haskell 's type classes , definition modules in Modula - 2 , interface modules in Modula - 3 , abstract types in Emerald , type modules in Trellis / Owl , categories in Scratchpad II , and types in POOL - I .
For a more detailed discussion of signatures , see Signatures : A Language Extension for Improving Type Abstraction and Subtype Polymorphism in C++ by Gerald Baumgartner and Vincent F. Russo ( Tech report CSD -- TR--95--051 , Dept. of Computer Sciences , Purdue University , August 1995 , a slightly improved version appeared in Software -- Practice & Experience , 25 ( 8 ) , pp. 863--889 , August 1995 ) .
You can get the tech report by anonymous FTP from ftp.cs.purdue.edu in `pub/gb/Signature-design.ps.gz' .
Syntactically , a signature declaration is a collection of member function declarations and nested type declarations .
For example , this signature declaration defines a new abstract type S with member functions `int foo ( ) ' and `int bar ( int ) ' :
signature S { int foo ( ) ; int bar ( int ) ; } ;
Since signature types do not include implementation definitions , you cannot write an instance of a signature directly .
Instead , you can define a pointer to any class that contains the required interfaces as a signature pointer .
Such a class implements the signature type .
To use a class as an implementation of S , you must ensure that the class has public member functions `int foo ( ) ' and `int bar ( int ) ' .
The class can have other member functions as well , public or not ; as long as it offers what 's declared in the signature , it is suitable as an implementation of that signature type .
For example , suppose that C is a class that meets the requirements of signature S ( C conforms to S ) .
Then
C obj ; S * p = &obj ;
defines a signature pointer p and initializes it to point to an object of type C .
The member function call `int i = p-> foo ( ) ; ' executes `obj.foo ( ) ' .
Abstract virtual classes provide somewhat similar facilities in standard C++.
There are two main advantages to using signatures instead :
Subtyping becomes independent from inheritance .
A class or signature type T is a subtype of a signature type S independent of any inheritance hierarchy as long as all the member functions declared in S are also found in T .
So you can define a subtype hierarchy that is completely independent from any inheritance ( implementation ) hierarchy , instead of being forced to use types that mirror the class inheritance hierarchy .
Signatures allow you to work with existing class hierarchies as implementations of a signature type .
If those class hierarchies are only available in compiled form , you 're out of luck with abstract virtual classes , since an abstract virtual class cannot be retrofitted on top of existing class hierarchies .
So you would be required to write interface classes as subtypes of the abstract virtual class .
There is one more detail about signatures .
A signature declaration can contain member function definitions as well as member function declarations .
A signature member function with a full definition is called a default implementation ; classes need not contain that particular interface in order to conform .
For example , a class C can conform to the signature
signature T { int f ( int ) ; int f0 ( ) { return f ( 0 ) ; } ; } ;
whether or not C implements the member function `int f0 ( ) ' .
If you define C::f0 , that definition takes precedence ; otherwise , the default implementation S::f0 applies .
This document was generated by GCC Administrator on March , 17 2001 using texi2html
A year ago , David Miliband had a bad Labour Party conference .
Even before he was photographed with a banana , the Crown Prince of Blairism had given the impression of leading people up the garden path and then down again .
Mostly , it was n't his fault : he had set out his stall as a young , modernising alternative to Gordon Brown in the summer , only for Lehman Brothers to go bust the week before the party assembled in Manchester .
All of a sudden , Britain needed an economics prime minister and the leadership speculation lever was thrown into reverse .
This year , the Foreign Secretary comes to conference from a different position .
He gives every impression of having resolved in his own mind that his ambition for the leadership has been deferred until after the election .
Over the past year , Alan Johnson , the Home Secretary , has emerged as the most credible interim leader should the party dump Brown in the next few months .
But when Miliband spoke to me last week by telephone from the British " cubicle " in the United Nations building in New York , he said he would not be joining the " Alan Johnson for PM " campaign .
" I 'm joining the ' Gordon Brown Stays as PM ' campaign , " he said .
" What the polls show is that we 're not popular , but they do n't show that the Tories have broken through either .
We 've got to break through the froth and use party conference to debate the manifesto ; it gives us the opportunity to show what we stand for for the future – at the end of the week showing that we 've got a vision for the future as well as a proper recognition , a proper assessment of the last 12 years , and also exposing the Tories .
The future is the key and that means having a mental map that is looking forwards not backwards . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Last week , Labour cheerleaders from Alastair Campbell to Roy Hattersley demanded that Cabinet ministers should come out fighting .
Miliband is happy to oblige .
" My very strong view is that we do have three tasks at this party conference .
One is to defend the record , and to fight declinism about Britain .
The second is to expose the Tories and fight the easy ride they 're getting .
Thirdly and most importantly we have to show what we 're offering to the future , and fight the myth that New Labour does n't have ideas . "
Defending the record means refusing to apologise for New Labour .
He said : " New Labour has been the most successful government since the 1945 government .
It powered us forward .
We have got to keep powering forward , and what we have shown during the economic crisis is the ability to do that .
What 's happened on the economy over the last year shows that we can renew . "
That does not mean pretending that everything has been perfect : " We 've got to recognise we were too late on the climate stuff .
We 've got to regain lost momentum on the political reform agenda . "
But it was really important for the party to fight what he called " declinism " – " the self - flagellation that everything is going to the dogs " .
He implied that the Labour Party itself could be a victim of declinism : " When New Labour has been successful is when it has challenged the inertia of both Britain and of the Labour Party .
That marks out the most successful part of both the Blair and Brown premierships . "
Note that Blair is part of the record , even if he is not the sole point of reference : " Tony Blair is the last person that would want to be the buddha that people go to bow down in front of . "
( And Miliband is notably reluctant to talk about Blair as European Union president – although that could be put down to a diplomatic reluctance to take the result of this Friday 's Irish referendum for granted . )
Defending the record includes some murkier areas of realpolitik .
Since he became Foreign Secretary he has had to field questions about whether his predecessors asked enough questions about intelligence information that may have been obtained by torture .
He bristled : " I 've seen absolutely nothing to suggest that .
We have profound national and international obligations which we uphold .
After 2001 there was a profoundly different situation . "
He said " new mechanisms " that had been put in place long before he became Foreign Secretary .
But is n't it the case that , in the immediate aftermath of 9/11 , we did n't try to find out what the Americans were up to ?
" The Americans certainly did n't tell anyone what they were up to .
We did n't know exactly what the Americans were doing [ and ] what they then did . "
He moved from defending the record to attacking the Conservatives with relish .
" One of our tasks is to expose the rhetoric and the reality of the Tories , because when you look at what they are actually proposing it seems to have a very hollow centre .
One can point out in the least shrill and most Independent on Sunday way that if people get fundamental decisions wrong it says a lot about their instincts .
" If you get something as wrong as a global economic crisis , it says a lot .
The very simple budgetary arithmetic for next year has got every economist , right , left and centre , in Britain saying the Tories are wrong to think that 2010 is the time to cut public spending . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
His main attack , though , was reserved for the issue of Europe .
He admitted that " we have n't made Europe popular in the last 12 years " , but claimed that " we have led Europe to play a much more progressive role in the world " .
There is now , though , " a fundamental choice over the direction of Britain : either that you fight Europe , as the Tories want to do , or you shape Europe , as we are doing .
And you know , on the Irish referendum , if they vote No , the [ Lisbon ]
Treaty does n't go through ; if they vote Yes , we say , ' Let 's make the most of it and here are our ideas for dealing with it . '
The question for David Cameron is : Will he live with it or will he fight it ? "
Having just spoken to senior Conservative sources , I suggested that Cameron was hoping that the Czechs would delay ratification .
" That is a total absence of leadership .
It says a lot , this issue , about whether you 're embracing the future or whether you 're stuck in the past .
It 's a very good example .
It 's not an easy one for us to argue .
It 's not immediately popular .
But it 's right .
" It is a fundamental part of the national interest to be strong in Europe , and this is a massive strategic weakness of the Tories : they say they want to do stuff on climate change , but you can't without Europe ; they say they want to do stuff on the Balkans but you can't without Europe . "
A note of contempt tinged his voice as he spoke of Cameron 's dilemma : " It looks like the Tebbits et cetera wo n't let him say , ' Of course we 've got to live with Lisbon . ' "
On this , he speaks with the authority of someone greeted warmly and spontaneously that day by Barack Obama ; someone central to the world 's response to Iran 's nuclear programme .
He denied that the Iranian regime is " playing us for fools " .
He said : " You 've got real unity and clarity from the international community .
And this is the first year of an American administration that wants to be part of an engagement strategy as well as a pressure strategy . "
The third part of what he called " my pitch " is to set out what Labour is offering for the future .
" I now think ' future ' is the most important word in politics , " he said .
This is double - edged , of course .
Surely it would be easier for a younger leader to present such an image for the party , I said .
" No , I do n't think that 's right .
I think that the economic response gives you the answer to that .
I think that on the green agenda Gordon and Ed [ his brother , Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change ] have really pushed forward very strongly in the last year .
So I do n't accept that . "
All the same , as if to exemplify his claim to the future , he started using Twitter last week .
Because some newspapers recently fell for a spoof Twitter account in his name that commented in improbable terms on the death of Michael Jackson , he announced : " OK this is really me . "
Before our interview , he and I had a Twitter exchange .
He commented from his BlackBerry , possibly during one of the less riveting sessions of the UN General Assembly , on something I had said about Nick Clegg 's ambition to replace Labour as the main alternative to the Conservatives .
He wrote : " Let 's not rehash 1920s .
Labour is place to combine progressive thought . "
It was a bit compressed , but you could tell what he meant .
He believes that Labour will see off the Liberal Democrat challenge , which suggests to me that he is thinking ahead beyond the next few difficult months .
And there is a strong element of a personal manifesto in his " empowerment agenda " , which he describes as " deeply progressive " .
He explained : " You ca n't stand for empowerment unless you are an egalitarian .
That 's the platform we then use to stand up for a strategic role of government , but also stand for decentralisation .
We stand up for social mobility and we see public service reform as critical to that , and welfare reform .
We stand up for the diversity of Britain but we know it has to be founded on strong rights and responsibilities .
And , very importantly , although there 's no point in pretending it 's popular , you have to stand up for internationalism , and you have to stand up for the need to share power in Europe , to be influential in the world .
That 's basically my pitch . "
While Alan Johnson would probably take over if Brown stood down before the election , Miliband must be out in front in the race for the Labour leadership afterwards .
Those who wrote off his leadership chances last year were doing so prematurely .
It would be absurd if the choice of a party leader and potential prime minister were decided by something so superficial as a single encounter with a banana .
Curriculum vitae : From think tank to the Cabinet
1965 Father Ralph was the grand old man of Marxist political theory and refugee from the Nazis .
His mother , Marion , is a historian .
Younger brother Ed , pictured right with David , followed him into politics , and is now Secretary for State for Energy and Climate Change .
1980s After Haverstock comprehensive school , north London , David enrols at Corpus Christi College Oxford , gaining a First in Philosophy , Politics and Economics .
Becomes a Kennedy scholar at Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
1989 - 94
His big break – working for New Labour think tank , the Institute for Public Policy Research .
1992 - 94 Secretary of the Commission on Social Justice , appointed by then Labour leader John Smith .
1994 -2001
Head of policy for Tony Blair , in opposition and in government .
Best line : " It 's the Third Way between having your cake and eating it . "
1998 Marries Louise Shackelton , a violinist with the London Symphony Orchestra .
They met on a plane .
Two sons .
2001 MP for South Shields .
2002 - 04 Minister for Schools .
2004 -05 Cabinet Office minister .
2005 - 06 Minister for Communities and Local Government , in Cabinet .
2006 - 07 Secretary of State for the Environment , Food and Rural Affairs .
Helps put climate change on the political map .
2007 Appointed Foreign Secretary by Gordon Brown .
How SEO Companies Can Help Your Online Business
There are many online businesses that are successful , but there are much more that are not .
The thing with online business is that you need to be lucky with the type of online business that you have opened and that you also need to be wise about it and employ and exploit all the tricks needed [… ]
Production Company Action
Figure shot footage of their entire team being punched in the face .
Shot with an ultra high speed , hi -def camera ( called the Phantom ) , everybody 's face face fat is pretty gruesome looking at 1000 FPS .
Amazing camera = amazing footage !
Want to master Microsoft Excel and take your work - from - home job prospects to the next level ?
Jump - start your career with our Premium A - to - Z Microsoft Excel Training Bundle from the new Gadget Hacks Shop and get lifetime access to more than 40 hours of Basic to Advanced instruction on functions , formula , tools , and more .
Buy Now ( 97 % off ) >
When are people going to learn that you cannot upload photos to your Facebook page if you do n't want them to get out ?
What we have here ( allegedly ) is a Dallas Cowboys cheerleader dressed as Lil' Wayne .
In blackface .
Advertisement
The cheerleader in question .
according to the Facebook screenshots , appears to be 21 - year - old Whitney Isleib , who I assume is dressing up for Halloween as Lil Wayne .
According to her profile page on DallasCowboysCheerleaders.com , her hobbies include " dancing , sleeping , eating , and watching movies " and her favorites books are " mysteries . "
An anonymous tipster made us aware of these photos on her Facebook page .
Enjoy the carnage .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
In this era of political correctness , people who live their lives in the " public eye , " for lack of a better way of putting it , have to exercise a little more discretion and not upload photos to Facebook that would make Ted Danson blush .
The sickcare system is itself sick on fundamental levels .
Its collapse is thus certain ; only the timing is uncertain .
NOTE : the Kindle reader for PCs is now available for free which means you canread the Kindle version of Survival + on your PC .
Declaring the collapse of the U.S. " healthcare " system to be inevitable is akin to declaring the insolvency of the Federal government to be inevitable : unthinkable .
Yet both statements are equally true .
The financial impossibility of increasing " healthcare " costs at 6 - 7 % per year in an economy which grows at best 2 % ( assuming the GDP numbers have any accuracy at all , which is doubtful ) is clear ; at some point in the near future , the entire GDP of the nation would have to be devoted to " healthcare . "
But the system is completely unstable on non-financial levels as well .
The entire " employer pays the costs " model is hopelessly divergent from the realities of global wage / benefit arbitrage -- the more costs you dump on employers , the more jobs they cut or move offshore -- and the " sickcare for profit " model is intrinsically at odds with the goal of wellness ( wellness is unprofitable , managing chronic illness is highly profitable ) .
Lastly , both the insured and those receiving free Medicaid are totally detached from the cost of their care , and thus from responsibility and choice -- the two key features of an adult understanding and response to complex issues .
We turn to correspondent C.P. for a first - hand report on the pervasive sickness of the opaque sickcare system : I want to commend you for your excellent commentary on healthcare reform .
I could n't agree more and as a former medical scientist I used to have a front row seat , observing in nausea and disbelief the cronyism , horrific waste , ineptness , and outright corruption .
The most egregious example being my supervisor 's use of our facility and his credentials as the institution 's vice president and dean of the medical school to test experimental drugs synthesized by a biotech company he co-owned and held an executive position at .
The vast majority of the funding for the research came from federal grants .
About 8 years ago , in order to make sense of the escalating madness around me and a deep concern that the system was teetering on collapse , I enrolled in a public health and preventive medicine graduate program hoping to participate in a debate on true reform and as a advocate for wellness and prevention rather than the current sickcare paradigm .
To my horror , the program did n't address the core problems and , instead , appeared to be operating as an indoctrination tool for the kind of " reform " recently shoved through Congress .
I confronted these issues as best I could during my seminar presentations .
Unfortunately , most docs and researchers were too busy , self - absorbed , or simply brain - washed to appreciate the value of a sustainable alternative to the status quo .
I hit the ejector seat button and my budding career ended .
I may be financially poorer for that decision but I 'm much more content and intellectually richer in so many ways ( and so grateful to have found brilliant writers / thinkers such as yourself ! ) .
BTW , did you happen to read the recent NY Times article on Suzanne Stratton 's battle with Carle Cancer Center administrators ?
In several ways , the errors and cover-ups described in the article are very likely the tip of the iceberg .
As the system becomes increasingly opaque , our best bet will be to help educate the public how to be proactive , medically informed self - advocates .
Research Uproar at a Cancer Clinic ( N.Y. Times )
Thank you , C.P. , for this report .
The people struggling to provide care in such a profoundly contradictory system face unresolvable double - binds .
As C.P. notes , they experience an intense indoctrination akin to brainwashing that " this is the best healthcare system in the world " even as they see on a daily basis how the system fails the patients , the caregivers and thus the nation itself .
Frequent contributor Kevin M. ( proprietor of the Out of Your Rut blog ) questions the system 's implicit assumptions made about cures , care and the process of healing : People get lost in the minutiae of the issue , converting it to a debate that needs to be won , rather than a crisis that needs to be solved .
Personally , I think most find the truth to be too disturbing to confront , and somehow find comfort in the details and debates .
No matter , that approach will get us nowhere .
This is just my own take on healthcare in general , but while acknowledging that modern medicine has made great strides , we have to wonder if there is n't a large dose of snake oil being peddled too .
The failure rate of various treatments have to make them suspect at the very minimum .
Is it possible that a large part of the " cure " that healthcare offers is really nothing more than the hope or belief that a given regimen is or will be successful ?
Various studies have shown that people of faith live longer and have greater survival rates than those who have no faith -- the catch is that faith is n't restricted to one specific belief set .
Could it be that many people are cured merely because they have faith that the doctor , medications , surgeries , system , etc , is saving them , and that 's the driving force behind many recoveries ?
As long as they stay on a given therapy , or have hope that another will be offered for what ever may go wrong with them , their faith remains intact , and the power of the mind -- not so much the threrapy -- is what actually produces the cure .
I believe this may be true for millions of elderly , who are on multiple drug therapies and have a virtual umbilical cord to the healthcare system .
Many have seen their bodies deteriorate well past the point of functionality , but something keeps them alive .
That something may be their own minds and the faith they have in the healthcare system to save them , rather than the system itself .
At one level , we can see benefit to such a collective placebo affect ; the problem is in it 's enormous and unrestricted cost .
I 'm with you that well - care will be the key to any program coming down the pike , and until it becomes the driving force of healthcare , any program we can hatch will be little more than reshuffling the deck .
Thank you , Kevin .
Providing well - care is not what the present system is designed to do or incentivized to do ; therefore it is incapable of doing so .
I think the model of vast Federal bureaucracies solving every citizen 's problems is inherently insolvent and irredeemably broken .
Well - care will have to come from a wellspring of individual responsibility and small - scale community effort , not some gigantic institutional machine which stripmines the entire economy to feed its voracious and insatiable appetite for more money to fund a crazymaking jumble of completely perverse incentives .
Wellness requires an integrated understanding of the oneness of food , diet , fitness , physical and mental health and the culture which sustains or erodes this understanding ; without this full - spectrum understanding , then well - care will remain forever beyond reach .
Reaching such an understanding is the over - arching goal of Survival +.
Permanent link : The Inevitable Collapse of the " Healthcare " / Sickcare System
Get Survival+ : Structuring Prosperity for Yourself and the Nation on amazon.com or in ebook and Kindle formats .
A 20 % discount is available from the publisher .
Expanded free eBook now available ( 85,300 words , 136 pages ) :
in HTML : Survival + in PDF : Survival +
Of Two Minds is now available via Kindle : Of Two Minds blog - Kindle
Thank you , Robert G. ( $ 20 ) , for your extremely generous donation to this site .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
A former soldier who had kept his silence for six years broke ranks yesterday to accuse his superior officer and former comrades of the brutal beating and torture of Iraqi prisoners which ended in the killing of an Iraqi civilian .
Donald Payne , 35 , a former corporal in the British Army , said that the soldiers had acted out of revenge over the murder of three Royal Military Policemen and the killing of an Army captain who had been blown up while delivering humanitarian aid to southern Iraq .
In a dramatic change to his evidence , Payne , who has already been convicted of the inhumane treatment of Iraqis , told a public inquiry he and other soldiers had routinely kicked and punched nine Iraqi detainees captured in September 2003 .
One of them , Baha Mousa , died from asphyxiation and 93 separate injuries .
The new allegations raise concerns about the widespread abuse of dozens of Iraqi detainees and come days after the Ministry of Defence said it was investigating 33 other separate cases of torture carried out by British soldiers in Iraq and revealed in The Independent on Saturday .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Payne also claims an officer , Lt Craig Rodgers , subjected one of the detainees to a mock execution by forcing him to the ground and pouring liquid over him so that he believed he was to be set on fire .
In a separate incident , Payne says he saw his commanding officer , Lt - Col Jorge Mendonca , interrogate a captured Iraqi by placing a cocked pistol above the man 's mouth before telling him he intended to " blow his face off " .
Last night lawyers representing the family of Baha Mousa called on the prosecuting authorities to bring murder charges against those responsible for Mr Mousa 's death .
Phil Shiner of Public Interest Lawyers said : " At long last Donald Payne has decided to tell the truth .
Nobody faced charges for murder or torture in the hopelessly flawed military prosecution and all those responsible should now be charged with murder . "
Sapna Malik of law firm Leigh Day and Co added : " Donald Payne 's latest evidence ... shows the vital role played by the inquiry in getting closer to establishing the truth of what happened to Baha Mousa and his colleagues during those fatal hours and again highlights the deep flaws of the military police investigation and court martial process . "
In 2006 Payne became the first member of the UK armed forces to be convicted of a war crime when he pleaded guilty at a court martial to inhumanely treating the Iraqi civilians .
He was part of a group , headed by Lt Rodgers , known by the call sign G10A .
Payne sat with his back to the public gallery .
He told the inquiry 's chairman Sir William Gage , that he had covered up the extent of the abuse of Iraqis by British soldiers out of " misguided loyalty " .
He previously claimed he had only nudged or slapped detainees and never saw them being beaten by their guards .
In a statement , Payne , who joined the Army in June 1988 , told the inquiry : " I have known the disclosures I am about to make would harm the reputation of both my former regiment and the British Army and for these reasons have so far been unwilling to make them even to my lawyers .
" I now disclose that in adopting the routine I did , each time I returned to the temporary detention facility to ensure the detainees were awake , the degree of force I applied was greater than I have so far admitted . "
He added : " Moreover at one time or another I saw all the members of the multiple in call sign G10A emulate me . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Payne admitted that he lied " about almost everything " in interviews conducted during 2003 and 2004 , had lied to the court martial and in his first statement to the public inquiry for reasons of " self - preservation " .
He agreed with Gerard Elias QC , counsel to the inquiry , that the force he had used had actually amounted to " an element of gratuitous violence " .
The former soldier suggested he beat the detainees because he believed – wrongly – that they were linked to the deaths of three Royal Military Police soldiers in Iraq in June 2003 .
Payne , who had served several tours of duty in Northern Ireland and had been in Omagh on the day of the IRA bombing , said it was the false " rumour " that Mr Mousa and the other detainees could have been responsible for killing the RMPs that triggered the violence .
He claims the " rumour " was passed to him by Major Michael Peebles .
Mr Elias asked : " What did he tell you in that context ?
Payne replied : " These could be the guys that had done the RMPs . "
Mr Elias then asked : " was it the case , for example , that you believed that they were involved in some previous killing ? "
" Maybe , yes , " answered the former soldier with a dismissive shrug of his shoulders .
" Was that something that had anything to do with your behaviour ?
" Yes , " answered Payne .
A week after the death of Mr Mousa , Payne said he had a conversation with Lt - Col Mendonca .
" He told me that the incident would mean the end of his career and mine .
The impression I gained was that he was going to try and cover his own back if necessary , at the expense of mine . "
Payne also said in a statement to the inquiry : " It was my impression that the CO [ commanding officer ] was trigger happy .
He would pull his pistol out at any opportunity .
He would behave as if he were a member of the SAS . "
Lt - Col Mendonca , who was later promoted to colonel before leaving the Army in 2007 , was charged with negligently performing a duty and with five other soldiers was cleared at the court martial .
His counsel , Tim Langdale QC , accused Payne of telling lies about his client .
Mr Rodgers , who left the Army in March 2007 having reached the rank of captain , strongly denied allegations of prisoner abuse when he gave evidence to the inquiry last week .
He said in a witness statement : " I did not hit , punch , kick or physically assault any of the detainees at any time . "
The inquiry continues today .
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
On the left , a grandmother known as GM2 nurses her granddaughter
Two grandmother monkeys have been seen intervening to raise their own grandchildren , providing essential care including suckling the young .
The scientists who witnessed the behaviour say it is the first unambiguous example of such behaviour shown by a non-human primate .
The observations were made in a free - ranging group of Japanese macaques living in Katsuyama , Japan .
Details of the grandmothers ' actions are published in the journal Primates .
The same group of wild , free - ranging Japanese macaques ( Macaca fuscata ) have been studied since 1958 , so scientists have kept a record of the birth date and blood relationships of each individual .
It is very unusual for females who have not had their own young offspring for years to start to take care of other infants .
Dr Masayuki Nakamichi
Osaka University in Japan
One scientist , Dr Masayuki Nakamichi at Osaka University in Japan , has been studying the animals ' social interactions for 30 years .
However , the behaviour of two macaque grandmothers surprised even him .
" We know that some monkeys ... sometimes adopt infants .
In most cases , it is females who have lost their own infants , " Dr Nakamichi says .
" However , in the present cases , the old , probably post - reproductive mothers started to take care of their young granddaughters .
" It is very unusual for females who have not had their own young offspring for years to start to take care of other infants . "
Dr Nakamichi and colleagues at Osaka University first observed a monkey known to them as GM1 , a 24 - year - old female macaque , looking after her granddaughter GD1 .
The infant GD1 was the offspring of GM1's own daughter , known as M1 . a +b )
Grandmother GM1 retrieves her granddaughter GD1 then lets her suckle : c ) GMI then grooms her returning daughter who reunites with her own infant
GM1 started looking after GD1 just 20 days after her birth .
And she intervened even more when the infant 's mother M1 unexpectedly went missing from the troop .
Then the grandmother held , groomed , carried and retrieved the abandoned and now two - month - old infant , even placing her nipples in the infant 's mouth .
The grandmother looked after her granddaughter in this way for at least six days , before the mother returned and gradually resumed her role .
Essential care
The second case involved a 23 - year - old monkey dubbed GM2 , who looked after her 14 - month old granddaughter , GD2 .
In this case , the mother , M2 , was busy nursing a second , younger infant .
So the grandmother stepped in , allowing her granddaughter to take her nipple on numerous occasions .
She was observed still looking after her granddaughter in this way 5 months later .
The grandmother hypothesis is an idea that post - reproductive grandmothers can play an important role in the survival of their grandchildren
Dr Masayuki Nakamichi
Osaka University in Japan
In both examples , the researchers believe the grandmothers were providing essential care .
Without the intervention of GM1 , the scientists say her granddaughter would have died within two weeks .
Because GM1 had not had offspring for six years , she would not have been able to provide milk for the infant , but her actions would have protected her and kept her warm .
The second grandmother , GM2 , did likely provide her granddaughter with nutritious milk , as the infant was seen actively suckling .
It is likely that the repeated suckling by the granddaughter over a few weeks induced her to begin producing milk again .
Close relationships
The behaviour of the two elder monkeys offers support to an idea called the ' grandmother hypothesis ' .
" It is an idea that post - reproductive grandmothers can play an important role in the survival of their grandchildren , although they cannot produce their own offspring , " explains Dr Nakamichi .
By doing so , he says , females can improve the chances that their own genes will be passed on down the generations .
The idea helps explain why mammals such as monkeys can live well beyond reproductive age , as by doing so , they can continue to promote the survival of their relations .
However , definitive evidence for the hypothesis has been difficult to obtain .
Numerous studies have shown that monkeys such as vervets , Japanese macaques and langurs will form close relationships with their grandchildren , investing time in them and occasionally helping to protect them .
Yet other studies on Japanese macaques , baboons and titi monkeys , for example , do not show that the presence of grandparents improves an infant 's survival .
In other social mammals such as elephants , grandmothers may also occasionally help out with grandchildren .
But usually the grandmother has more offspring of her own , and does not provide essential , life - saving care .
" To our knowledge , there have been no reported cases in which , instead of a mother , a grandmother without dependant offspring has continuously provided essential care for the survival of her dependant grandchild , which is in accordance with the grandmother hypothesis , " Dr Nakamichi and colleagues write in the journal Primates .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Do you need a loan in order to take advantage of the opportunity to invest or to get your account up and running after a dry spell ?
If you are looking for quickly available financing , a short or medium - term Bollards loan can be the solution .
The principle of this type of loan : it is granted when collateral is pledged .
These can be movable things , bank deposits or securities .
What exactly is a Bollards loan ?
In the financial sector , a Bollards loan is defined as a short - term or medium - term loan , in which a pledge provides security .
The type of the pawn ultimately depends on the variant of the Bollards loan to be issued .
These can be , for example , movable property ( precise definition in the legal provisions of the Federal Republic of Germany ) , bank deposits or securities such as shares .
Ultimately , pawnbrokers also grant Bollards loans against deposit of accepted items .
How does a Bollards loan work ?
If you want to secure your Bollards loan with securities , you can lend a maximum of 75 percent of the current value .
The maximum mortgage lending value for movable goods is 66 percent .
You generally receive a pledge loan when corresponding collateral is deposited , which becomes the property of the lender .
Nevertheless , you retain ownership of the deposited value .
As a borrower , you can choose from three options :
At the agreed time , you will repay the loan amount plus interest and fees , and you will receive your deposit .
You let the deadline pass and thus lose the pledge to the lender .
Provided that the possibility is given in the loan agreement , you can have the term of your Bollards loan extended , whereby the loan costs increase by another .
The basis for this credit model is the Civil Code , the obligations in the loan contract are precisely defined in BGB § 488 .
Before taking out a Bollards loan , you should also note that when you conclude a contract , you grant the lender the right to sell the pledge , provided you do not release it on time .
Types of Bollards loan
Below we present the five variants of the pledge .
Please note that the first three subspecies are primarily consumer - oriented , while the latter are used in financial - business relationships .
Securities Bollards credit
Since securities are tradable securities such as shares , this loan is only granted when certain assets are deposited .
So this loan is about a security loan , where one aspect deserves special attention .
The funds lent usually serve to finance the acquisition of additional exchange - traded securities in the case of a securities Bollards loan .
The process of lending is noteworthy .
The lending institution opens a separate checking account for you as a customer to process the loan .
The bank then determines the maximum possible credit line , the amount of which is calculated using the lending limit shown above .
Due to exchange rate fluctuations , both the lending limit and the credit volume can experience direct changes .
Post - collateral rights on the part of the credit institution are usually triggered when the loan limit decreases without the credit line being adjusted immediately or already being used .
Goods Bollards credit
Trade goods exhibited using traditional papers can be financed with goods Bollards loans .
As a borrower , you must note that you do not deposit the goods themselves , but rather the associated endorsed traditional paper as security .
Seafaring bills ( bill of lading ) , storage bills or other loading bills are considered to be endorsed traditional papers .
Such papers certify the right of ownership of a product which is transferred to the bank providing the loan upon assignment .
Merchants generally use the goods lending credit to pre-finance additional goods and repay the loan with the proceeds from the sale .
Precious metal Bollards credit
With this type of Bollards loan , precious metals such as gold or silver are pledged as security for the loan .
Lending against the deposit of precious metals was once a frequently used form of credit and was a core business of the banks .
At the present time , the financial institutions are practically no longer giving precious metal Bollards loans , and they have left this business to the pawnshops .
Nevertheless , it can be important for you to know the conditions .
If , for example , you want to make coins from gold or silver in the pawnshop , the effective value of the respective precious metal is used to determine the mortgage lending value .
The pawnshop deducts about 20 percent from this amount , so your maximum loan amount is always 80 percent of the actual value .
Any pawn shop does not take into account a significantly higher collector ’s value .
Bill of exchange credit
This Bollards loan has replaced the bill of exchange discount that is no longer on offer and is only granted to credit institutions in accordance with the Bundesbank ’s terms and conditions .
The banks use the bill of exchange credit for refinancing .
This loan option is not an option for private individuals , but it does make sense to internalize the meaning of the term change .
This means a document that requests the drawee to pay a noted sum of money on a specific date .
For example , sellers issue bills of exchange to their buyers when entering into commercial transactions , which oblige them to pay for the purchased goods at specified times .
In the case of bill of exchange loans , bills of exchange of this type serve as collateral for surrendered funds .
The “ fake ” Bollards loan
This type of Bollards loan is also only used in the banking sector ; the fake variant is a current account credit secured by movable property .
The only difference : A real Bollards loan , as already explained , requires the establishment of a dedicated credit account .
A fake Bollards loan , on the other hand , is processed via an existing checking account .
However , experts point out that the account distinction is not of legal importance and plays no significant role in banking practice .
In general , the conditions can only be said to be comparatively cheap , since every loan is secured with real assets , securities or precious metals .
Nevertheless , every lending institution has individual rules with regard to the lending limit , interest rate or minimum deposit volume .
Before you apply for a Bollards loan , you should thoroughly compare the terms of the provider on the Internet and in any case choose a reputable lender .
In principle , Bollards loans are linked to a maximum term of two years , whereby you can either call up the loan amount at once or use it in tranches .
The relevant credit line is always decisive .
The best conditions are offered to you with the Bollards loan if you offer your bank balance as security .
Requirements for a Bollards loan
If you apply for a conventional small loan , the bank ’s first step is the mandatory Credit Bureau query , which is used to determine your creditworthiness ( creditworthiness ) .
When it comes to Bollards loans , the institutions are not obliged to obtain Credit Bureau information , since sufficient collateral significantly reduces the risk of default .
However , not all financial institutions do this , and some banks , despite adequate credit protection , ask for entries in the protection association for general credit protection .
If your Credit Bureau values ​​are not quite optimal , it is advisable to ask the preferred bank in advance whether the bank will also ask the protection association for information about a Bollards loan .
In addition , as a legally competent private person with a main place of residence in Germany , you are entitled to apply for a Bollards loan and you can ask both banks and brokerage providers .
As the conditions , as already shown , differ considerably from one another , a previous comparison is essential .
What advantages a Bollards loan offers you
The outstanding advantage of this loan option is of course the prompt availability of the required funds .
Banks generally save the time otherwise required for the credit check .
However , it always takes a few hours or days to thoroughly assess the deposited pledged items before acceptance is decided .
Another advantage that should not be underestimated results from the fact that deposited values ​​do not have to be sold and still generate liquidity .
These become your property again as soon as you have repaid the Bollards loan together with fees and interest .
The only exception : they do not meet their obligations and thus force the lender to dispose of deposited objects .
Are there risks with a Bollards loan ?
General risks exist for you if you cannot repay a Bollards loan in good time due to suddenly changing living conditions .
This could be unforeseen unemployment or serious illness , but divorce can also severely limit your financial strength .
In these cases , you lose the pledged values ​​and can also be obliged to pay costs if the lender does not achieve a sufficient sale price for the pledge .
It is therefore important to include previously mentioned options in the planning in advance of each borrowing .
There is a particular risk for you as an equity investor when taking out a securities lending loan if it is not granted for free use .
As security , you deposit already acquired papers for the purchase of new shares .
However , if the prices of the pledged securities change dramatically negatively , the bank can shorten your line of credit or require you to provide additional security or margin .
Should the newly purchased shares also go down , they will lose on both sides .
Therefore , always bear in mind that past share gains do not have to mean attractive returns in the future , and do not push your credit volume to the limit .
If , due to stock market turbulence , you are forced to exceed your credit line , your bank will charge interest even if you tolerate it , which is significantly higher than the interest rate agreed for the securities loan .
In order not to get into this situation , you should always have a reserve available , if this does not exist , the bank will force you to sell the securities at an unfavorable price .
For which groups of people do Bollards loans make sense ?
As a private person , the precious metal Bollards loan granted in the pawnshop will help you with small and short - term shortages .
If , as a private investor , the house bank granted you a securities Bollards loan without a usage restriction , you would have a low - interest alternative to the expensive overdraft facility .
Depending on the amount , you could use it to make upcoming consumer expenditures , finance a vehicle or take a family vacation .
Timely repayment or , alternatively , the extension approved by the bank is important .
As a trader , you could use a goods Bollards loan to quickly expand your offer .
However , you must make arrangements with the lending institution to make the pledged goods available .
This works without problems if the newly purchased goods are sold faster than the deposit items .
As a shareholder focused on returns , you can expand your portfolio with promising securities in a timely manner with a securities loan .
You should have extensive specialist knowledge and be aware of the risk outlined above .
Ultimately , investors must take into account that the interest costs for securities Bollards loans taken out for the investment can no longer be fully claimed for tax purposes .
The flat - rate withholding tax that has been in effect since 2009 has limited advertising costs , which were once individually definable , to a minimum of a flat rate .
This also applies if you pay tax on your actual income tax rate as part of the favorable assessment .
ISTANBUL — Iraq 's council of ministers has approved a deal valued at more than $ 15 billion with the U.K's BP PLC and Hong Kong 's CNPC to develop Rumaila , Iraq 's largest producing oil field , a top oil official said Saturday .
" The cabinet unanimously approved the Rumaila contract with BP and CNPC during a special session held late Friday night , " Sabah al - Saadi , head of the legal department at the oil ministry 's Petroleum Contracts and Licensing Directorate said at an oil conference in Istanbul .
Mr. Saadi said both sides were expected to sign the deal " within a few days " at the ministry 's offices in Baghdad .
Toby Odone , a London - based spokesman for BP , said the Iraq government has n't officially notified the company about the cabinet 's approval .
" If that has happened , it is great , " he said .
Senior officials from Iraq 's oil ministry will brief representatives from 45 international oil companies on Sunday about new oil and gas fields open for auction in December .
Freispruch im Fall Harry Wörz Triumph des Richters
Zwölf Jahre lang wurde der Installateur Harry Wörz einer Straftat beschuldigt , die er nicht beging .
Indizien wurden vernichtet , die Polizei , so der Verdacht , könnte den mutmaßlich wahren Täter gedeckt haben .
Der jüngste Prozess geriet zu einer knallharten Abrechnung mit den Ermittlern - und zu einer Schmach für die Staatsanwälte .
Doug Crockford gave a talk at the University of Waterloo last night as part of the Yahoo !
Hack - U ( University Hack Day ) , on the same topic as his new book , JavaScript : The Good Parts .
I was lucky enough to get a seat , and have tried to condense my nine pages of notes into an overview of the highlights of his talk .
Though I 've rewritten parts , all of the content and wisdom is Doug 's — I 'm just the humble scribe .
Of course , any errors of transcription are mine .
Introduction
Believe it or not , JavaScript has good parts !
It 's an odd language , because it contains some of the best and some of the worst ideas in programming language design , and has managed to become both the most popular and most reviled programming language out there .
Of all languages , JavaScript probably has the broadest range of skills among its users .
It appeals to both computer scientists and cut 'n ' paste beginners with no clear idea of what they are doing .
It 's pretty much the only language that people use without ever learning !
That 's both the cause of a lot of the awful code out there , and an astonishing testament to the fact that it 's actually possible to do that .
JavaScript is not what makes in - browser programming awful — it 's the DOM .
Any language would be painful if you had to use it to interact with the DOM .
It 's also what makes things slow and inefficient .
The history of the language is incredibly diverse : it 's been influenced by Scheme ( lambdas , loose typing ) , Self ( prototypal inheritance , dynamic objects ) , Java ( syntax ) , and Perl ( regular expressions ) .
The Bad Parts
Global variables :
This is bad for all the same reasons as in other languages , but in addition , JavaScript will implicitly declare your typo-ed identifiers , and silently carry on .
+ both adds and concatenates :
You can get away with this in Java because of the type restrictions , but in JavaScript you 'll blithely try to add a number to , say , a form input which looks like a number but is actually a string .
Semicolon insertion :
This seems like a nice , beginner - friendly feature , at first .
It 's implemented by the parser running along until it hits a syntax error , at which point it rewinds a little , inserts a semicolon in a likely place , and tries again .
This should scare you .
typeof :
What 's the typeof an object ?
Object .
Of an array ?
Object .
Of null ?
Object .
with and eval : Security implications are bad .
eval is probably the single worst misused feature .
If you find that you want to use it , “ step away from the computer ” .
Fake arrays :
They 're actually hash tables , which is OK if that 's what you want , and if that 's what you call them .
== and != do type coercion .
Unfortunately nobody can figure out exactly when or how .
For example , 0 == ' 0 ' is true , but false == ' false ' is false , and '' == ' 0 ' is false , but 0 == '' is true .
Thankfully , you can just always use === .
false , null , undefined , NaN :
These are all almost the same , but not quite .
Bad Genetics
There is also a good deal of bad behaviour that 's inherited and shared with other languages : block - less statements ( e.g. one - line if and so on ) ; expression statements ( lone expressions on a line that will be evaluated and discarded ) ; IEEE floating point ( 0.1 + 0.2 ≠ 0.3 ) ; ++ and -- ( leads developers into “ clever ” behaviour ) ; and fall - through of switch blocks .
Doug had an amusing anecdote about an episode in the development of JSLint : A user contacted him suggesting that fall - through of cases be flagged as bad behaviour .
Dough replied with an explanation of the elegance of nicely structured , intentional fall - through , which convinced the user to retract his feature request .
In the user 's response , in addition to withdrawing the feature request , he reported another bug .
When Doug investigated it , it turned out to be … yup , unwanted switch fall - through .
At that moment , Doug says , “ I was enlightened ” .
Good Parts
JavaScript was the first really mainstream language with lambda and first - class functions , which other languages are now adopting .
This makes JS an influential language !
Dynamic objects are simple containers that can grow or shrink , and since they are based on prototypal inheritance , they are n't limited to just being instances of a class .
This is a strictly more powerful object model , but it takes some getting used to for most people .
Loose typing is one of the controversial parts , which some people would consider one of the bad things .
However , Doug 's conclusion is that the added expressiveness and ease of use is well worth it , since the kind of bugs avoided by strict typing are usually easy to fix anyway .
Gotchas
Globals
Consider the code :
var names = [ ' zero ' , 'one , ' two ' , ...] var digit_name = function ( n ) { return names [ n ] ; }
Though it works , it makes use of the nasty , global , names , which could lead to all kinds of nonsense .
We could move the variable into the scope of the function instead , but that would be rather inefficient .
Instead , try this :
var digit_name = ( function ( ) { var names = [ ' zero ' , ' one ' , ' two ' , ... ] ; return function ( n ) { return names [ n ] ; } ; } ) ( ) ;
This is an example of one of the good parts : closures .
We can define the variable just once , and then have our function close over it , preserving state .
The trailing ( ) at the very end cause the anonymous function to be executed right away , binding the returned function to our variable .
This is awesome .
Style Is n't Subjective
Brace positioning is more or less a holy war without any “ right ” answer — except in JavaScript , where same - line braces are right and you should always use them .
Here 's why :
return { ok : false ; } ; return { ok : true ; } ;
What 's the difference between these two snippets ?
Well , in the first one , you silently get something completely different than what you wanted .
The lone return gets mangled by the semicolon insertion process ( remember that from the list of Bad Parts ? ) , becomes return ; and returns nothing .
The rest of the code becomes a plain old block statement , with ok : becoming a label ( of all things ) !
Having a label there might make sense in C , where you can goto , but in JavaScript , it makes no sense in this context .
And what happens to false ?
It becomes one of those expression statements mentioned in the Bad Parts : it gets evaluated and completely ignored .
Finally , the trailing semicolon — what about that ?
Do we at least get a syntax error there ?
Nope : empty statement , like in C .
Use same - line braces , folks .
JSLint
JSLint defines a professional subset of JavaScript , and imposes programming discipline .
You should do everything it tells you , even if it hurts your feelings .
Doug says JSLint is “ smarter about JavaScript than I am , and probably smarter than you are too ” .
History and Future
AJAX and the resurgence in popularity of JavaScript could have happened way earlier , but Netscape 4 and the other browsers of the time we so awful .
Netscape 4 was a “ crime against humanity ” .
IE 6 was the best browser in the world — and think of just how bad it is .
However , all that may have been good for JavaScript : had anything happened , it would have been thrown out and replaced with something much better !
JavaScript would have died with Netscape if not for Microsoft diligently duplicating it , bugs and all .
Perhaps the very best part of JavaScript : stability !
No new design errors since 1999 !
Also , no new versions .
Thankfully , ECMAScript Fifth Edition is in the works ( and is actually readable ) , with nice features like support for object hardening and a strict mode ( invoked with " use strict " ; , which is an expression statement under older versions ) .
Unfortunately , we 're still waiting on implementations .
Microsoft will likely have the first working version , but they wo n't ship it until whenever IE 9 comes out .
Mozilla seem to just be waiting to see what Microsoft does , and they 'll react to that .
Apple “ ca n't comment ” on future products .
Google “ will just do whatever Apple does ” .
The Really Good Parts
If you use JavaScript , you have a potential audience of billions .
It 's the most widespread — and despite the bugs , the most cross-platform — system you can use .
It is possible to write really good code .
In fact , it is mandatory if you want to maintain sanity .
If you avoid the bad parts , it works really well .
It 's not just usable and pleasant ; there is brilliance in it .
Misc. Q&A
At the Q&A afterwards , there were a few interesting gems :
The people in charge of the language ( ECMA ) , and the people in charge of the DOM ( the W3C ) , have never had a joint session or meeting , but he 's trying to change that .
He thinks the DOM is awful , and HTML 5 is taking it in “ exactly the wrong direction ” .
The Book
I 'm going to wrap this up the same way he did : with a plug for his new book , JavaScript : The Good Parts ( Amazon.com , Amazon.ca ) .
If you do any JavaScript development , get a copy !
It contains all of the above wisdom , and much more .
Now excuse me ; I 'm off to do some JavaScript .
There 's been a lot of talk about how the Edmonton Oilers can't win with Ales Hemsky on their team .
Many internet commenters have suggested the team would be well - advised to trade him and move on , or that the Oilers are better off without him , or things of that nature .
Others have suggested that he 's a flawed player with some good points but not enough to justify the esteem some hold him in .
While he 's probably playing through injury right now , I 'm not sure any of them appreciate how truly awful Hemsky 's been this season .
Let 's run the numbers .
Goals : 6 through 20 games .
That puts Hemsky on pace for 25 goals , a career high for the forward .
It also ties him for 70th in the NHL ; a first - line pace , despite the fact that Hemsky 's more playmaker than scorer .
Assists : 15 through 20 games .
Hemsky 's current pace has him on track for 61 assists over an 82 - game schedule , again a career - high .
It also ties him for 12th in the entire NHL , along with noted plugs Henrik Zetterberg , Mikko Koivu , Vincent Lecavalier and Daniel Alfredsson , although both Koivu and Zetterberg have played more games than Hemsky .
Points : 21 through 20 games .
Those 21 points represent an 86 - point campaign for Hemsky , another career - high ( Hemsky 's always come up just short of the point per game mark in years prior ) .
They tie him for 26th in the NHL - and while that may not sound impressive , it marks him as a franchise - calibre offensive producer this season , given that the league has 30 teams .
Oddly enough , one more point would tie him with Calgary Flames captain Jarome Iginla , Tampa Bay 's breakout forward Steven Stamkos , and Sidney Crosby ( Crosby 's played three more games than Hemsky ) .
Still , we can surely acknowledge that scoring is n't all that matters , and that Hemsky gets a ton of ice - time , and there 's also that theory that the power play is better without him , so let 's look at some more numbers .
Plus / Minus : +6
On a team that as a whole is minus - 5 at even strength , somehow Hemsky is plus - 6 .
He 's one of only two forwards on the team ( Dustin Penner is the other ) with a plus / minus better than plus -1 .
Power Play Scoring : 3 goals , 5 assists
With eight power play points , Hemsky is second only to one other Oilers ' forward ( Dustin Penner , with nine ) .
His three goals are also second to only one other Oilers ' forward , again Penner , who has four .
Meanwhile , those eight points tie him for 29th among NHL forwards .
One more point would tie him for 14th in the league .
Even-strength PTS /60 : 2.96
Last year , only seven forwards in the entire league finished with a better even - strength scoring rate than Ales Hemsky 's current 2.96 .
Players with lower totals included Alexander Ovechkin ( 2.86 ) , Pavel Datsyuk ( 2.91 ) , Phil Kessel ( 2.82 ) and a host of others .
Hemsky makes the most of his ice - time .
Still , maybe Pat Quinn is being sneaky and putting Hemsky in a position to succeed .
Let 's look at some contextual statistics , just to see if that 's true .
Offensive - Zone Faceoff Perecentage : 44.5 %
To put that number into perspective , consider this : 322 forwards have played more than five games and more than 10 minutes per game at even - strength .
245 of them - more than 76 % - start more often in the offensive zone than Ales Hemsky .
Given that Hemsky is , first and foremost an offensive talent , does it seem like he really ought to be in the bottom quarter of the league ( and bottom third of the Oilers ) in this category ?
Of course it does n't .
Quality of Competition : 0.032 ( 3rd among Oilers forwards )
Naturally , opposition coaches match their best players against Hemsky .
This happened last year , and it happened the year before last , and it 's likely to continue .
Bottom Line
Hemsky 's having a very good season .
Even a career - best season .
When the team 's losing , and has lost for a long time , people look for someone to blame , and Hemsky 's been a constant for the Oilers .
Add to that the fact that he can look uninspired when he's not playing well , and he becomes an easy target .
There 's just one minor issue to picking out Hemsky as the problem with this team :
Ales Hemsky is n't the problem .
One of the great things about Unity is the wealth of online resources , in the form of both official documentation , the forums , the Wiki , and other user - created content .
However for newcomers it can often be less than obvious where to look for help , and how best to search when you get there .
The Unity forums , the Scripting Reference , and the Wiki each have their own search functions , which work well in some situations – for example , if you know exactly the name of the function that you want to look up .
However if your search for knowledge is somewhat less clearly defined , you may find your searches drawing a blank – even if you know that the information you want is in there somewhere !
This is where Google can help .
None of the in - site searches work as well as using Google ’s “ Site Search ” feature .
To use this , you have to add a search operator to your search .
For example , to search the Unity documentation for “ animation ” , you would enter this into the search box : ( Click the link to see the results )
It so happens that Unity ’s forums are also hosted under that domain , so those results will show hits from both the documentation and the forums .
This is starting to become more useful , but we can do better .
You could in theory add more and more search operators , so that your results include hits from other sites such as the Wiki too , however there is a better way .
It ’s called a Google Custom Search .
With a custom search , you can set up a whole list of sites , including specific subdomains or directories to search within , and have it grouped under a single saved definition .
I have created just such a custom search .
Here ’s the link : ( bookmark it ! )
The All - In - One Unity Reference Search
This custom search includes results from the following sites :
Unity3d.com : for results from the Manual , Scripting Reference and User Forums .
The Unity Wiki : for user contributed code and articles .
MSDN : for looking up . net classes and methods – most of which you can use in Unity .
NVidia : for results relating to shader coding – again , most of which work with Unity .
A handful of Unity community sites , for looking up unity tutorials , games , blogs , etc .
All in all , I find it very useful as my first port of call when looking for help or reference for Unity .
I hope it helps some of you out too .
. : .
As an addendum , I will add that there is another incredibly helpful Unity resource , however it is not searchable .
I speak of the fabled Unity IRC channel , wherein – it is told – magical creatures dwell , who may or may not help you on your quest .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Obsoleted by : 5321 PROPOSED STANDARD
Errata Exist Updated by : 5336
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 22 , 27 ] ( and section 5 of this document ) are used to identify the appropriate next - hop destination for a message being transported .
2 . The SMTP Model 2.1 Basic Structure 3 , 26 ] or IMAP [ 6 ] protocols , or when the SMTP client is inside an isolated transport service environment , the domain name determined will identify an intermediate destination through which all mail messages are to be relayed .
SMTP clients that transfer all traffic , regardless of the target domain names associated with the individual messages , or that do not maintain queues for retrying message transmissions that initially cannot be completed , may otherwise conform to this specification but are not considered fully - capable .
Fully - capable SMTP implementations , including the relays used by these less capable Klensin Standards Track [ Page 5 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 section 2.2 .
The dialog is purposely lock - step , one - at - a - time , although this can be modified by mutually - agreed extension requests such as command pipelining [ 13 ] .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 6 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 section 5 and appendices C and F.2 ) .
2.2 The Extension Model 2.2.1 Background RFC 821 was completed , the protocol was modified with a " service extensions " model that permits the client and server to agree to utilize shared functionality beyond the original SMTP requirements .
The SMTP extension mechanism defines a means whereby an extended SMTP client and server may recognize each other , and the server can inform the client as to the service extensions that it supports .
Contemporary SMTP implementations MUST support the basic extension mechanisms .
For instance , servers MUST support the EHLO command even if they do not implement any specific extensions and clients SHOULD preferentially utilize EHLO rather than HELO .
( However , for compatibility with older conforming implementations , SMTP clients and servers MUST support the original HELO mechanisms as a fallback . )
Unless the different characteristics of HELO must be identified for interoperability purposes , this document discusses only EHLO .
SMTP is widely deployed and high - quality implementations have proven to be very robust .
However , the Internet community now considers some services to be important that were not anticipated when the protocol was first designed .
If support for those services is to be added , it must be done in a way that permits older implementations to continue working acceptably .
The extension framework consists of : Klensin Standards Track [ Page 7 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 33 ] .
SMTP 's strength comes primarily from its simplicity .
Experience with many protocols has shown that protocols with few options tend towards ubiquity , whereas protocols with many options tend towards obscurity .
Each and every extension , regardless of its benefits , must be carefully scrutinized with respect to its implementation , deployment , and interoperability costs .
In many cases , the cost of extending the SMTP service will likely outweigh the benefit .
2.2.2 Definition and Registration of Extensions Klensin Standards Track [ Page 8 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 2.3 Terminology Klensin Standards Track [ Page 9 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 2.3.1 Mail Objects section 3 ) .
It consists of an originator address ( to which error reports should be directed ) ; one or more recipient addresses ; and optional protocol extension material .
Historically , variations on the recipient address specification command ( RCPT TO ) could be used to specify alternate delivery modes , such as immediate display ; those variations have now been deprecated ( see appendix F , section F.6 ) .
The SMTP content is sent in the SMTP DATA protocol unit and has two parts : the headers and the body .
If the content conforms to other contemporary standards , the headers form a collection of field / value pairs structured as in the message format specification [ 32 ] ; the body , if structured , is defined according to MIME [ 12 ] .
The content is textual in nature , expressed using the US - ASCII repertoire [ 1 ] .
Although SMTP extensions ( such as " 8BITMIME " [ 20 ] ) may relax this restriction for the content body , the content headers are always encoded using the US - ASCII repertoire .
A MIME extension [ 23 ] defines an algorithm for representing header values outside the US - ASCII repertoire , while still encoding them using the US - ASCII repertoire .
2.3.2 Senders and Receivers RFC 821 , the two hosts participating in an SMTP transaction were described as the " SMTP - sender " and " SMTP - receiver " .
This document has been changed to reflect current industry terminology and hence refers to them as the " SMTP client " ( or sometimes just " the client " ) and " SMTP server " ( or just " the server " ) , respectively .
Since a given host may act both as server and client in a relay situation , " receiver " and " sender " terminology is still used where needed for clarity .
2.3.3 Mail Agents and Message Stores RFC 821 was published and , where convenient , is used in this specification .
In particular , SMTP servers and clients provide a mail transport service and therefore act as " Mail Transfer Agents " ( MTAs ) .
" Mail User Agents " ( MUAs or UAs ) are normally thought of as the sources and Klensin Standards Track [ Page 10 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 2.3.4 Host 2.3.5 Domain 22 ] ) are restricted for SMTP purposes to consist of a sequence of letters , digits , and hyphens drawn from the ASCII character set [ 1 ] .
Domain names are used as names of hosts and of other entities in the domain name hierarchy .
For example , a domain may refer to an alias ( label of a CNAME RR ) or the label of Mail eXchanger records to be used to deliver mail instead of representing a host name .
See [ 22 ] and section 5 of this specification .
The domain name , as described in this document and in [ 22 ] , is the entire , fully - qualified name ( often referred to as an " FQDN " ) .
A domain name that is not in FQDN form is no more than a local alias .
Local aliases MUST NOT appear in any SMTP transaction .
2.3.6 Buffer and State Table Klensin Standards Track [ Page 11 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 2.3.7 Lines section 4.5.3 ) .
In addition , the appearance of " bare " " CR " or " LF " characters in text ( i.e. , either without the other ) has a long history of causing problems in mail implementations and applications that use the mail system as a tool .
SMTP client implementations MUST NOT transmit these characters except when they are intended as line terminators and then MUST , as indicated above , transmit them only as a < CRLF > sequence .
2.3.8 Originator , Delivery , Relay , and Gateway Systems 11 ] ) .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 12 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 2.3.9 Message Content and Mail Data 12 ] provides the standard mechanisms for structured message bodies .
2.3.10 Mailbox and Address 2.3.11 Reply 34 ] has specified further structuring of the reply strings , including the use of supplemental and more specific completion codes .
2.4 General Syntax Principles and Transaction Model section 4 . Klensin Standards Track [ Page 13 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 RFC 821 ) require that command verbs be encoded by clients in upper case .
Implementations MAY wish to employ this encoding to accommodate those servers .
The argument field consists of a variable length character string ending with the end of the line , i.e. , with the character sequence < CRLF > .
The receiver will take no action until this sequence is received .
The syntax for each command is shown with the discussion of that command .
Common elements and parameters are shown in section 4.1.2 .
Commands and replies are composed of characters from the ASCII character set [ 1 ] .
When the transport service provides an 8 - bit byte ( octet ) transmission channel , each 7 - bit character is transmitted right justified in an octet with the high order bit cleared to zero .
More specifically , the unextended SMTP service provides seven bit transport only .
An originating SMTP client which has not successfully negotiated an appropriate extension with a particular server MUST NOT transmit messages with information in the high - order bit of octets .
If such messages are transmitted in violation of this rule , receiving SMTP servers MAY clear the high - order bit or reject the message as invalid .
In general , a relay SMTP SHOULD assume that the message content it has received is valid and , assuming that the envelope permits doing so , relay it without inspecting that content .
Of course , if the content is mislabeled and the data path cannot accept the actual content , this may result in ultimate delivery of a severely garbled message to the recipient .
Delivery SMTP systems MAY reject ( " bounce " ) such messages rather than deliver them .
No sending SMTP system is permitted to send envelope commands in any character Klensin Standards Track [ Page 14 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 20 ] .
8BITMIME SHOULD be supported by SMTP servers .
However , it MUST not be construed as authorization to transmit unrestricted eight bit material .
8BITMIME MUST NOT be requested by senders for material with the high bit on that is not in MIME format with an appropriate content - transfer encoding ; servers MAY reject such messages .
The metalinguistic notation used in this document corresponds to the " Augmented BNF " used in other Internet mail system documents .
The reader who is not familiar with that syntax should consult the ABNF specification [ 8 ] .
Metalanguage terms used in running text are surrounded by pointed brackets ( e.g. , < CRLF > ) for clarity .
3 . The SMTP Procedures : An Overview appendix D. 3.1 Session Initiation section 4.5.1 ) .
The SMTP protocol allows a server to formally reject a transaction while still allowing the initial connection as follows : a 554 response MAY be given in the initial connection opening message instead of the 220 .
A server taking this approach MUST still wait for the client to send a QUIT ( see section 4.1.1.10 ) before closing the connection and SHOULD respond to any intervening commands with Klensin Standards Track [ Page 15 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 3.2 Client Initiation 3.3 Mail Transactions section 4.1.4 . )
A series of one or more RCPT commands follows giving the receiver information .
Then a DATA command initiates transfer of the mail data and is terminated by the " end of mail " data indicator , which also confirms the transaction .
The first step in the procedure is the MAIL command .
MAIL FROM :< reverse - path > [ SP < mail - parameters > ] < CRLF >
This command tells the SMTP - receiver that a new mail transaction is starting and to reset all its state tables and buffers , including any recipients or mail data .
The < reverse - path > portion of the first or only argument contains the source mailbox ( between " < " and " > " brackets ) , which can be used to report errors ( see section 4.2 for a discussion of error reporting ) .
If accepted , the SMTP server returns a 250 OK reply .
If the mailbox specification is not acceptable for some reason , the server MUST return a reply indicating whether the Klensin Standards Track [ Page 16 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 appendix C ) .
The optional < mail - parameters > are associated with negotiated SMTP service extensions ( see section 2.2 ) .
The second step in the procedure is the RCPT command .
RCPT TO :< forward - path > [ SP < rcpt- parameters > ] < CRLF >
The first or only argument to this command includes a forward - path ( normally a mailbox and domain , always surrounded by " < " and " > " brackets ) identifying one recipient .
If accepted , the SMTP server returns a 250 OK reply and stores the forward - path .
If the recipient is known not to be a deliverable address , the SMTP server returns a 550 reply , typically with a string such as " no such user - " and the mailbox name ( other circumstances and reply codes are possible ) .
This step of the procedure can be repeated any number of times .
The < forward - path > can contain more than just a mailbox .
Historically , the < forward - path > can be a source routing list of hosts and the destination mailbox , however , contemporary SMTP clients SHOULD NOT utilize source routes ( see appendix C ) .
Servers MUST be prepared to encounter a list of source routes in the forward path , but SHOULD ignore the routes or MAY decline to support the relaying they imply .
Similarly , servers MAY decline to accept mail that is destined for other hosts or systems .
These restrictions make a server useless as a relay for clients that do not support full SMTP functionality .
Consequently , restricted - capability clients MUST NOT assume that any SMTP server on the Internet can be used as their mail processing ( relaying ) site .
If a RCPT command appears without a previous MAIL command , the server MUST return a 503 " Bad sequence of commands " response .
The optional < rcpt- parameters > are associated with negotiated SMTP service extensions ( see section 2.2 ) .
The third step in the procedure is the DATA command ( or some alternative specified in a service extension ) .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 17 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 section 4.5.2 ) .
The end of mail data indicator also confirms the mail transaction and tells the SMTP server to now process the stored recipients and mail data .
If accepted , the SMTP server returns a 250 OK reply .
The DATA command can fail at only two points in the protocol exchange : - If there was no MAIL , or no RCPT , command , or all such commands were rejected , the server MAY return a " command out of sequence " ( 503 ) or " no valid recipients " ( 554 ) reply in response to the DATA command .
If one of those replies ( or any other 5 yz reply ) is received , the client MUST NOT send the message data ; more generally , message data MUST NOT be sent unless a 354 reply is received .
-
If the verb is initially accepted and the 354 reply issued , the DATA command should fail only if the mail transaction was incomplete ( for example , no recipients ) , or if resources were unavailable ( including , of course , the server unexpectedly becoming unavailable ) , or if the server determines that the message should be rejected for policy or other reasons .
However , in practice , some servers do not perform recipient verification until after the message text is received .
These servers SHOULD treat a failure for one or more recipients as a " subsequent failure " and return a mail message as discussed in section 6 .
Using a " 550 mailbox not found " ( or equivalent ) reply code after the data are accepted makes it difficult or impossible for the client to determine which recipients failed .
When RFC 822 format [ 7 , 32 ] is being used , the mail data include the memo header items such as Date , Subject , To , Cc , From .
Server SMTP systems SHOULD NOT reject messages based on perceived defects in the RFC 822 or MIME [ 12 ] message header or message body .
In particular , Klensin Standards Track [ Page 18 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 3.4 Forwarding for Address Correction or Updating section 3.2 of RFC 821 , and especially the 251 ( corrected destination ) and 551 reply codes from RCPT must be evaluated carefully by implementers and , when they are available , by those configuring systems .
In particular : * Servers MAY forward messages when they are aware of an address change .
When they do so , they MAY either provide address - updating information with a 251 code , or may forward " silently " and return a 250 code .
But , if a 251 code is used , they MUST NOT assume that the client will actually update address information or even return that information to the user .
Alternately , * Servers MAY reject or bounce messages when they are not deliverable when addressed .
When they do so , they MAY either provide address - updating information with a 551 code , or may reject the message as undeliverable with a 550 code and no address - specific information .
But , if a 551 code is used , they MUST NOT assume that the client will actually update address information or even return that information to the user .
SMTP server implementations that support the 251 and / or 551 reply codes are strongly encouraged to provide configuration mechanisms so that sites which conclude that they would undesirably disclose information can disable or restrict their use .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 19 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 3.5 Commands for Debugging Addresses 3.5.1 Overview section 3.5.2 and 7.3 ) .
For the VRFY command , the string is a user name or a user name and domain ( see below ) .
If a normal ( i.e. , 250 ) response is returned , the response MAY include the full name of the user and MUST include the mailbox of the user .
It MUST be in either of the following forms : User Name < local - part@domain > local - part@domain
When a name that is the argument to VRFY could identify more than one mailbox , the server MAY either note the ambiguity or identify the alternatives .
In other words , any of the following are legitimate response to VRFY : 553 User ambiguous or 553 - Ambiguous ; Possibilities are 553 - Joe Smith < jsmith@foo.com > 553 - Harry Smith < hsmith@foo.com >
553 Melvin Smith < dweep@foo.com > or 553 - Ambiguous ; Possibilities 553- < jsmith@foo.com > 553- < hsmith@foo.com > 553 < dweep@foo.com >
Under normal circumstances , a client receiving a 553 reply would be expected to expose the result to the user .
Use of exactly the forms given , and the " user ambiguous " or " ambiguous " keywords , possibly supplemented by extended reply codes such as those described in [ 34 ] , will facilitate automated translation into other languages as needed .
Of course , a client that was highly automated or that was operating in another language than English , might choose to try to translate the response , to return some other indication to the user than the Klensin Standards Track [ Page 20 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 Klensin Standards Track [ Page 21 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 3.5.2 VRFY
Normal Response RFC 821 , they MUST be listed as service extensions in an EHLO response , if they are supported .
3.5.3 Meaning of VRFY or EXPN Success Response Klensin Standards Track [ Page 22 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 section 2.1 .
Similarly , the discussion in section 3.4 applies to the use of reply codes 251 and 551 with VRFY ( and EXPN ) to indicate addresses that are recognized but that would be forwarded or bounced were mail received for them .
Implementations generally SHOULD be more aggressive about address verification in the case of VRFY than in the case of RCPT , even if it takes a little longer to do so .
3.5.4 Semantics and Applications of EXPN 3.6 Domains section 5 ) are permitted , as are CNAME RRs whose targets can be resolved , in turn , to MX or A RRs .
Local nicknames or unqualified names MUST NOT be used .
There are two exceptions to the rule requiring FQDNs : - The domain name given in the EHLO command MUST BE either a primary host name ( a domain name that resolves to an A RR ) or , if the host has no name , an address literal as described in section 4.1.1.1 . -
The reserved mailbox name " postmaster " may be used in a RCPT command without domain qualification ( see section 4.1.1.3 ) and MUST be accepted if so used .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 23 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 3.7 Relaying 22 , 27 ] makes the use of explicit source routes in the Internet mail system unnecessary .
Many historical problems with their interpretation have made their use undesirable .
SMTP clients SHOULD NOT generate explicit source routes except under unusual circumstances .
SMTP servers MAY decline to act as mail relays or to accept addresses that specify source routes .
When route information is encountered , SMTP servers are also permitted to ignore the route information and simply send to the final destination specified as the last element in the route and SHOULD do so .
There has been an invalid practice of using names that do not appear in the DNS as destination names , with the senders counting on the intermediate hosts specified in source routing to resolve any problems .
If source routes are stripped , this practice will cause failures .
This is one of several reasons why SMTP clients MUST NOT generate invalid source routes or depend on serial resolution of names .
When source routes are not used , the process described in RFC 821 for constructing a reverse - path from the forward - path is not applicable and the reverse - path at the time of delivery will simply be the address that appeared in the MAIL command .
A relay SMTP server is usually the target of a DNS MX record that designates it , rather than the final delivery system .
The relay server may accept or reject the task of relaying the mail in the same way it accepts or rejects mail for a local user .
If it accepts the task , it then becomes an SMTP client , establishes a transmission channel to the next SMTP server specified in the DNS ( according to the rules in section 5 ) , and sends it the mail .
If it declines to relay mail to a particular address for policy reasons , a 550 response SHOULD be returned .
Many mail - sending clients exist , especially in conjunction with facilities that receive mail via POP3 or IMAP , that have limited capability to support some of the requirements of this specification , such as the ability to queue messages for subsequent delivery attempts .
For these clients , it is common practice to make private arrangements to send all messages to a single server for processing and subsequent distribution .
SMTP , as specified here , is not ideally suited for this role , and work is underway on standardized mail submission protocols that might eventually supercede the current practices .
In any event , because these arrangements are private and fall outside the scope of this specification , they are not described here .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 24 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 3.8 and 5 .
If an SMTP server has accepted the task of relaying the mail and later finds that the destination is incorrect or that the mail cannot be delivered for some other reason , then it MUST construct an " undeliverable mail " notification message and send it to the originator of the undeliverable mail ( as indicated by the reverse- path ) .
Formats specified for non-delivery reports by other standards ( see , for example , [ 24 , 25 ] ) SHOULD be used if possible .
This notification message must be from the SMTP server at the relay host or the host that first determines that delivery cannot be accomplished .
Of course , SMTP servers MUST NOT send notification messages about problems transporting notification messages .
One way to prevent loops in error reporting is to specify a null reverse - path in the MAIL command of a notification message .
When such a message is transmitted the reverse - path MUST be set to null ( see section 4.5.5 for additional discussion ) .
A MAIL command with a null reverse - path appears as follows : MAIL FROM :<>
As discussed in section 2.4.1 , a relay SMTP has no need to inspect or act upon the headers or body of the message data and MUST NOT do so except to add its own " Received : " header ( section 4.4 ) and , optionally , to attempt to detect looping in the mail system ( see section 6.2 ) .
3.8 Mail Gatewaying section 2.3.8 , when such a system is at the boundary between two transport service environments , we refer to it as a " gateway " or " gateway SMTP " .
Gatewaying mail between different mail environments , such as different mail formats and protocols , is complex and does not easily yield to standardization .
However , some general requirements may be given for a gateway between the Internet and another mail environment .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 25 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 3.8.1 Header Fields in Gatewaying section 2.4.1 .
Other mail systems gatewayed to the Internet often use a subset of RFC 822 headers or provide similar functionality with a different syntax , but some of these mail systems do not have an equivalent to the SMTP envelope .
Therefore , when a message leaves the Internet environment , it may be necessary to fold the SMTP envelope information into the message header .
A possible solution would be to create new header fields to carry the envelope information ( e.g. , " X - SMTP - MAIL : " and " X - SMTP - RCPT : " ) ; however , this would require changes in mail programs in foreign environments and might risk disclosure of private information ( see section 7.2 ) .
3.8.2 Received Lines in Gatewaying 3.8.3 Addresses in Gatewaying RFC 822 headers , and all valid RFC 822 messages .
Addresses and headers generated by gateways MUST conform to applicable Internet standards ( including this one and RFC 822 ) .
Gateways are , of course , subject to the same rules for handling source routes as those described for other SMTP systems in section 3.3 .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 26 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 3.8.4
Other Header Fields in Gatewaying RFC 822 syntax , MUST reference only fully - qualified domain names , and MUST be effective and useful for sending replies .
The translation algorithm used to convert mail from the Internet protocols to another environment 's protocol SHOULD ensure that error messages from the foreign mail environment are delivered to the return path from the SMTP envelope , not to the sender listed in the " From : " field ( or other fields ) of the RFC 822 message .
3.8.5 Envelopes in Gatewaying 3.9 Terminating Sessions and Connections Klensin Standards Track [ Page 27 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 3.10 Mailing Lists and Aliases 32 ] MUST be left unchanged ; in particular , the " From " field of the message header is unaffected .
An important mail facility is a mechanism for multi-destination delivery of a single message , by transforming ( or " expanding " or " exploding " ) a pseudo - mailbox address into a list of destination mailbox addresses .
When a message is sent to such a pseudo - mailbox ( sometimes called an " exploder " ) , copies are forwarded or redistributed to each mailbox in the expanded list .
Servers SHOULD simply utilize the addresses on the list ; application of heuristics or other matching rules to eliminate some addresses , such as that of the originator , is strongly discouraged .
We classify such a pseudo- mailbox as an " alias " or a " list " , depending upon the expansion rules .
3.10.1 Alias 3.10.2 List Klensin Standards Track [ Page 28 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 4 .
The SMTP Specifications 4.1 SMTP Commands 4.1.1 Command Semantics and Syntax section 4.1.2 .
The SMTP commands are discussed below .
The SMTP replies are discussed in section 4.2 .
A mail transaction involves several data objects which are communicated as arguments to different commands .
The reverse - path is the argument of the MAIL command , the forward - path is the argument of the RCPT command , and the mail data is the argument of the DATA command .
These arguments or data objects must be transmitted and held pending the confirmation communicated by the end of mail data indication which finalizes the transaction .
The model for this is that distinct buffers are provided to hold the types of data objects , that is , there is a reverse - path buffer , a forward - path buffer , and a mail data buffer .
Specific commands cause information to be appended to a specific buffer , or cause one or more buffers to be cleared .
Several commands ( RSET , DATA , QUIT ) are specified as not permitting parameters .
In the absence of specific extensions offered by the server and accepted by the client , clients MUST NOT send such parameters and servers SHOULD reject commands containing them as having invalid syntax .
4.1.1.1 Extended HELLO ( EHLO ) or HELLO ( HELO ) Klensin Standards Track [ Page 29 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 section 4.1.3 ) , optionally followed by information that will help to identify the client system .
y
The SMTP server identifies itself to the SMTP client in the connection greeting reply and in the response to this command .
A client SMTP SHOULD start an SMTP session by issuing the EHLO command .
If the SMTP server supports the SMTP service extensions it will give a successful response , a failure response , or an error response .
If the SMTP server , in violation of this specification , does not support any SMTP service extensions it will generate an error response .
Older client SMTP systems MAY , as discussed above , use HELO ( as specified in RFC 821 ) instead of EHLO , and servers MUST support the HELO command and reply properly to it .
In any event , a client MUST issue HELO or EHLO before starting a mail transaction .
These commands , and a " 250 OK " reply to one of them , confirm that both the SMTP client and the SMTP server are in the initial state , that is , there is no transaction in progress and all state tables and buffers are cleared .
Syntax : ehlo = " EHLO " SP Domain CRLF helo = " HELO " SP Domain CRLF
Normally , the response to EHLO will be a multiline reply .
Each line of the response contains a keyword and , optionally , one or more parameters .
Following the normal syntax for multiline replies , these keyworks follow the code ( 250 ) and a hyphen for all but the last line , and the code and a space for the last line .
The syntax for a positive response , using the ABNF notation and terminal symbols of [ 8 ] , is : ehlo - ok - rsp = ( " 250 " domain [ SP ehlo - greet ] CRLF ) / ( " 250 - " domain [ SP ehlo - greet ] CRLF *( " 250 - " ehlo - line CRLF ) " 250 " SP ehlo - line CRLF ) ehlo - greet =
1*(%d0 - 9 / %d11-12 / %d14-127 ) ; string of any characters other than CR or LF ehlo - line = ehlo - keyword *( SP ehlo - param ) ehlo- keyword = ( ALPHA / DIGIT ) *( ALPHA / DIGIT / " - " ) ; additional syntax of ehlo - params depends on ; ehlo - keyword Klensin Standards Track [ Page 30 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 RFC 821 and section 2.4.1. 4.1.1.2 MAIL ( MAIL ) section 4.1.4 .
The reverse - path consists of the sender mailbox .
Historically , that mailbox might optionally have been preceded by a list of hosts , but that behavior is now deprecated ( see appendix C ) .
In some types of reporting messages for which a reply is likely to cause a mail loop ( for example , mail delivery and nondelivery notifications ) , the reverse - path may be null ( see section 3.7 ) .
This command clears the reverse - path buffer , the forward - path buffer , and the mail data buffer ; and inserts the reverse - path information from this command into the reverse - path buffer .
If service extensions were negotiated , the MAIL command may also carry parameters associated with a particular service extension .
Syntax : " MAIL FROM : " ( " < > " / Reverse - Path ) [ SP Mail - parameters ] CRLF 4.1.1.3 RECIPIENT
( RCPT ) Klensin Standards Track [ Page 31 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 appendix C , xyz.com MAY also choose to relay the message to hosta.int , using the envelope commands MAIL FROM:<userx@y.foo.org >
RCPT TO :< @hosta.int ,@jkl.org:userc@d.bar.org > or to jkl.org , using the envelope commands MAIL FROM:<userx@y.foo.org > RCPT TO:<@jkl.org:userc@d.bar.org >
Of course , since hosts are not required to relay mail at all , xyz.com may also reject the message entirely when the RCPT command is received , using a 550 code ( since this is a " policy reason " ) .
If service extensions were negotiated , the RCPT command may also carry parameters associated with a particular service extension offered by the server .
The client MUST NOT transmit parameters other than those associated with a service extension offered by the server in its EHLO response .
Syntax : " RCPT TO : " ( " < Postmaster@ " domain " > " / " < Postmaster > " / Forward - Path ) [ SP Rcpt- parameters ] CRLF Klensin Standards Track [ Page 32 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 4.1.1.4 DATA ( DATA ) section 2.3.7 ) following the command as mail data from the sender .
This command causes the mail data to be appended to the mail data buffer .
The mail data may contain any of the 128 ASCII character codes , although experience has indicated that use of control characters other than SP , HT , CR , and LF may cause problems and SHOULD be avoided when possible .
The mail data is terminated by a line containing only a period , that is , the character sequence " < CRLF >.< CRLF > " ( see section 4.5.2 ) .
This is the end of mail data indication .
Note that the first < CRLF > of this terminating sequence is also the < CRLF > that ends the final line of the data ( message text ) or , if there was no data , ends the DATA command itself .
An extra < CRLF > MUST NOT be added , as that would cause an empty line to be added to the message .
The only exception to this rule would arise if the message body were passed to the originating SMTP - sender with a final " line " that did not end in < CRLF > ; in that case , the originating SMTP system MUST either reject the message as invalid or add < CRLF > in order to have the receiving SMTP server recognize the " end of data " condition .
The custom of accepting lines ending only in < LF > , as a concession to non-conforming behavior on the part of some UNIX systems , has proven to cause more interoperability problems than it solves , and SMTP server systems MUST NOT do this , even in the name of improved robustness .
In particular , the sequence " < LF >. < LF > " ( bare line feeds , without carriage returns ) MUST NOT be treated as equivalent to < CRLF >.< CRLF > as the end of mail data indication .
Receipt of the end of mail data indication requires the server to process the stored mail transaction information .
This processing consumes the information in the reverse - path buffer , the forward - path buffer , and the mail data buffer , and on the completion of this command these buffers are cleared .
If the processing is successful , the receiver MUST send an OK reply .
If the processing fails the receiver MUST send a failure reply .
The SMTP model does not allow for partial failures at this point : either the message is accepted by the server for delivery and a positive response is returned or it is not accepted and a failure reply is returned .
In sending a positive completion reply to the end of data indication , the receiver takes full responsibility for the message ( see section 6.1 ) .
Errors that are diagnosed subsequently MUST be reported in a mail message , as discussed in section 4.4 .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 33 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 section 4.4 .
Additional discussion about the operation of the DATA command appears in section 3.3 .
Syntax : " DATA " CRLF 4.1.1.5 RESET ( RSET ) section 4.1.1.10 ) .
Since EHLO implies some additional processing and response by the server , RSET will normally be more efficient than reissuing that command , even though the formal semantics are the same .
There are circumstances , contrary to the intent of this specification , in which an SMTP server may receive an indication that the underlying TCP connection has been closed or reset .
To preserve the robustness of the mail system , SMTP servers SHOULD be prepared for this condition and SHOULD treat it as if a QUIT had been received before the connection disappeared .
Syntax : " RSET " CRLF Klensin Standards Track [ Page 34 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 4.1.1.6 VERIFY ( VRFY ) section 3.5 .
This command has no effect on the reverse - path buffer , the forward - path buffer , or the mail data buffer .
Syntax : " VRFY " SP String CRLF 4.1.1.7 EXPAND ( EXPN ) section 3.5 .
This reply will have multiple lines except in the trivial case of a one - member list .
This command has no effect on the reverse - path buffer , the forward - path buffer , or the mail data buffer and may be issued at any time .
Syntax : " EXPN " SP String CRLF 4.1.1.8 HELP ( HELP ) 4.1.1.9 NOOP ( NOOP ) Klensin Standards Track [ Page 35 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 4.1.1.10 QUIT ( QUIT ) 4.1.2 Command Argument Syntax 8 ] where applicable ) is given below .
Some of the productions given below are used only in conjunction with source routes as described in appendix C. Terminals not defined in this document , such as ALPHA , DIGIT , SP , CR , LF , CRLF , are as defined in the " core " syntax [ 8 ( section 6 ) ] or in the message format syntax [ 32 ] .
Reverse - path = Path Forward - path = Path Path = " < " [ A - d - l " : " ] Mailbox " > " A - d -l = At - domain *( " , " A - d - l ) ;
Note that this form , the so - called " source route " , ; MUST BE accepted , SHOULD NOT be generated , and SHOULD be ; ignored .
At - domain = " @ " domain Mail - parameters = esmtp-param *( SP esmtp- param ) Rcpt- parameters = esmtp-param *( SP esmtp- param ) Klensin Standards Track [ Page 36 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 section 4.1.3 Mailbox = Local - part " @ " Domain Local - part = Dot-string / Quoted - string ; MAY be case - sensitive Dot-string = Atom *( " . "
Atom ) Atom = 1 * atext Quoted - string = DQUOTE * qcontent DQUOTE String = Atom / Quoted - string
While the above definition for Local - part is relatively permissive , for maximum interoperability , a host that expects to receive mail SHOULD avoid defining mailboxes where the Local - part requires ( or uses ) the Quoted - string form or where the Local - part is case - sensitive .
For any purposes that require generating or comparing Local - parts ( e.g. , to specific mailbox names ) , all quoted forms MUST be treated as equivalent and the sending system SHOULD transmit the form that uses the minimum quoting possible .
Systems MUST NOT define mailboxes in such a way as to require the use in SMTP of non-ASCII characters ( octets with the high order bit set to one ) or ASCII " control characters " ( decimal value 0 - 31 and 127 ) .
These characters MUST NOT be used in MAIL or RCPT commands or other commands that require mailbox names .
Note that the backslash , " \ " , is a quote character , which is used to indicate that the next character is to be used literally ( instead of its normal interpretation ) .
For example , " Joe\ , Smith " indicates a single nine character user field with the comma being the fourth character of the field .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 37 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 section 2.3.1 of the base DNS document , RFC1035 [ 22 ] ) , characters outside the set of alphas , digits , and hyphen MUST NOT appear in domain name labels for SMTP clients or servers .
In particular , the underscore character is not permitted .
SMTP servers that receive a command in which invalid character codes have been employed , and for which there are no other reasons for rejection , MUST reject that command with a 501 response .
4.1.3 Address Literals 17 ] .
Specifically : IPv4- address - literal = Snum 3 ( " . "
Snum ) IPv6 - address - literal = " IPv6 : " IPv6 - addr General - address - literal = Standardized - tag " : " 1 * dcontent Standardized - tag = Ldh - str ; MUST be specified in a standards - track RFC ; and registered with IANA Snum = 1*3DIGIT ; representing a decimal integer ; value in the range 0 through 255 Let - dig = ALPHA / DIGIT Ldh- str = *( ALPHA / DIGIT / " - " ) Let - dig IPv6- addr = IPv6 - full / IPv6- comp / IPv6v4- full / IPv6v4 - comp IPv6 - hex = 1*4HEXDIG IP v6 - full = IP v6 - hex 7 ( " : " IP v6 - hex ) IP v6 - comp = [ IP v6 - hex * 5 ( " : " IP v6 - hex ) ] " : : " [ IPv6 - hex * 5 ( " : " IP v6 - hex ) ] ;
The " : :" represents at least 2 16 - bit groups of zeros ;
No more than 6 groups in addition to the " : : " may be ; present IP v 6 v4 - full = IPv6 - hex 5 ( " : " IP v6 - hex ) " : " IPv4 - address - literal IP v6 v4 - comp = [ IP v6 - hex * 3 ( " : " IP v6 - hex ) ] " : :" Klensin Standards Track [ Page 38 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 4.1.4 Order of Commands Klensin Standards Track [ Page 39 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 RFC 821 that shows " 550 access denied to you " in response to an EXPN command is incorrect unless an EHLO command precedes the EXPN or the denial of access is based on the client 's IP address or other authentication or authorization - determining mechanisms .
The MAIL command ( or the obsolete SEND , SOML , or SAML commands ) begins a mail transaction .
Once started , a mail transaction consists of a transaction beginning command , one or more RCPT commands , and a DATA command , in that order .
A mail transaction may be aborted by the RSET ( or a new EHLO ) command .
There may be zero or more transactions in a session .
MAIL ( or SEND , SOML , or SAML ) MUST NOT be sent if a mail transaction is already open , i.e. , it should be sent only if no mail transaction had been started in the session , or it the previous one successfully concluded with a successful DATA command , or if the previous one was aborted with a RSET .
If the transaction beginning command argument is not acceptable , a 501 failure reply MUST be returned and the SMTP server MUST stay in the same state .
If the commands in a transaction are out of order to the degree that they cannot be processed by the server , a 503 failure reply MUST be returned and the SMTP server MUST stay in the same state .
The last command in a session MUST be the QUIT command .
The QUIT command cannot be used at any other time in a session , but SHOULD be used by the client SMTP to request connection closure , even when no session opening command was sent and accepted .
4.1.5 Private - use Commands section 2.2.2 , commands starting in " X " may be used by bilateral agreement between the client ( sending ) and server ( receiving ) SMTP agents .
An SMTP server that does not recognize such a command is expected to reply with " 500 Command not recognized " .
An extended SMTP server MAY list the feature names associated with these private commands in the response to the EHLO command .
Commands sent or accepted by SMTP systems that do not start with " X " MUST conform to the requirements of section 2.2.2 .
4.2 SMTP Replies Klensin Standards Track [ Page 40 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 section 4.3 .
An SMTP reply consists of a three digit number ( transmitted as three numeric characters ) followed by some text unless specified otherwise in this document .
The number is for use by automata to determine what state to enter next ; the text is for the human user .
The three digits contain enough encoded information that the SMTP client need not examine the text and may either discard it or pass it on to the user , as appropriate .
Exceptions are as noted elsewhere in this document .
In particular , the 220 , 221 , 251 , 421 , and 551 reply codes are associated with message text that must be parsed and interpreted by machines .
In the general case , the text may be receiver dependent and context dependent , so there are likely to be varying texts for each reply code .
A discussion of the theory of reply codes is given in section 4.2.1 .
Formally , a reply is defined to be the sequence : a three - digit code , < SP > , one line of text , and < CRLF > , or a multiline reply ( as defined in section 4.2.1 ) .
Since , in violation of this specification , the text is sometimes not sent , clients which do not receive it SHOULD be prepared to process the code alone ( with or without a trailing space character ) .
Only the EHLO , EXPN , and HELP commands are expected to result in multiline replies in normal circumstances , however , multiline replies are allowed for any command .
In ABNF , server responses are : Greeting = " 220 " Domain [ SP text ]
CRLF Reply - line = Reply - code [ SP text ] CRLF where " Greeting " appears only in the 220 response that announces that the server is opening its part of the connection .
An SMTP server SHOULD send only the reply codes listed in this document .
An SMTP server SHOULD use the text shown in the examples whenever appropriate .
An SMTP client MUST determine its actions only by the reply code , not by the text ( except for the " change of address " 251 and 551 and , if necessary , 220 , 221 , and 421 replies ) ; in the general case , any text , including no text at all ( although senders SHOULD NOT send bare codes ) , MUST be acceptable .
The space ( blank ) following the reply code is considered part of the text .
Whenever possible , a receiver - SMTP SHOULD test the first digit ( severity indication ) of the reply code .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 41 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 4.2.1 Reply Code Severities and Theory Klensin Standards Track [ Page 42 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 Klensin Standards Track [ Page 43 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 4.2.2 Reply Codes by Function Groups section 4.2.4 ) 503
Bad sequence of commands 504 Command parameter not implemented 211 System status , or system help reply 214 Help message ( Information on how to use the receiver or the meaning of a particular non-standard command ; this reply is useful only to the human user ) Klensin Standards Track [ Page 44 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 section 3.4 ) 252 Cannot VRFY user , but will accept message and attempt delivery ( See section 3.5.3 ) 450 Requested mail action not taken : mailbox unavailable ( e.g. , mailbox busy ) 550 Requested action not taken : mailbox unavailable ( e.g. , mailbox not found , no access , or command rejected for policy reasons )
451 Requested action aborted : error in processing 551 User not local ; please try < forward - path > ( See section 3.4 ) 452 Requested action not taken : insufficient system storage 552 Requested mail action aborted : exceeded storage allocation 553 Requested action not taken : mailbox name not allowed ( e.g. , mailbox syntax incorrect ) 354 Start mail input ; end with < CRLF >.< CRLF > 554 Transaction failed ( Or , in the case of a connection - opening response , " No SMTP service here " ) 4.2.3 Reply Codes in Numeric Order section 3.4 ) 252 Cannot VRFY user , but will accept message and attempt delivery ( See section 3.5.3 ) 354 Start mail input ; end with < CRLF >.< CRLF > Klensin Standards Track [ Page 45 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 section 4.2.4 ) 503
Bad sequence of commands 504 Command parameter not implemented 550 Requested action not taken : mailbox unavailable ( e.g. , mailbox not found , no access , or command rejected for policy reasons ) 551 User not local ; please try < forward - path > ( See section 3.4 ) 552 Requested mail action aborted : exceeded storage allocation 553 Requested action not taken : mailbox name not allowed ( e.g. , mailbox syntax incorrect ) 554 Transaction failed ( Or , in the case of a connection - opening response , " No SMTP service here " ) 4.2.4 Reply Code 502 4.2.5 Reply Codes After DATA and the Subsequent .
section 4.5.4 . Klensin Standards Track [ Page 46 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 section 4.5.4.1 ) .
The user who originated the message SHOULD be able to interpret the return of a transient failure status ( by mail message or otherwise ) as a non-delivery indication , just as a permanent failure would be interpreted .
I.e. , if the client SMTP successfully handles these conditions , the user will not receive such a reply .
When an SMTP server returns a permanent error status ( 5yz ) code after the DATA command is completely with < CRLF >.< CRLF > , it MUST NOT make any subsequent attempt to deliver the message .
As with temporary error status codes , the SMTP client retains responsibility for the message , but SHOULD not again attempt delivery to the same server without user review and intervention of the message .
4.3 Sequencing of Commands and Replies 4.3.1 Sequencing Overview Klensin Standards Track [ Page 47 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 4.3.2 Command - Reply Sequences section 2.2 , SMTP servers MUST NOT transmit reply codes to an SMTP client that are other than three digits or that do not start in a digit between 2 and 5 inclusive .
These sequencing rules and , in principle , the codes themselves , can be extended or modified by SMTP extensions offered by the server and accepted ( requested ) by the client .
In addition to the codes listed below , any SMTP command can return any of the following codes if the corresponding unusual circumstances are encountered : 500 For the " command line too long " case or if the command name was not recognized .
Note that producing a " command not recognized " error in response to the required subset of these commands is a violation of this specification .
501 Syntax error in command or arguments .
In order to provide for future extensions , commands that are specified in this document as not accepting arguments ( DATA , RSET , QUIT ) SHOULD return a 501 message if arguments are supplied in the absence of EHLO - advertised extensions .
421 Service shutting down and closing transmission channel Klensin Standards Track [ Page 48 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 section 3.4 for discussion of 251 and 551 ) E : 550 , 551 , 552 , 553 , 450 , 451 , 452 , 503 , 550 DATA I : 354 -> data ->
S : 250 E : 552 , 554 , 451 , 452 E : 451 , 554 , 503 RSET S : 250 VRFY S : 250 , 251 , 252 E : 550 , 551 , 553 , 502 , 504 EXPN S : 250 , 252 E : 550 , 500 , 502 , 504 HELP S : 211 , 214 E : 502 , 504 NOOP S : 250 QUIT S : 221 4.4 Trace Information section 4.1.1.4 .
This line MUST be structured as follows : - The FROM field , which MUST be supplied in an SMTP environment , SHOULD contain both ( 1 ) the name of the source host as presented in the EHLO command and ( 2 ) an address literal containing the IP address of the source , determined from the TCP connection .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 49 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 RFC 822 , but this is not required .
-
The FOR field MAY contain a list of < path > entries when multiple RCPT commands have been given .
This may raise some security issues and is usually not desirable ; see section 7.2 .
An Internet mail program MUST NOT change a Received : line that was previously added to the message header .
SMTP servers MUST prepend Received lines to messages ; they MUST NOT change the order of existing lines or insert Received lines in any other location .
As the Internet grows , comparability of Received fields is important for detecting problems , especially slow relays .
SMTP servers that create Received fields SHOULD use explicit offsets in the dates ( e.g. , - 0800 ) , rather than time zone names of any type .
Local time ( with an offset ) is preferred to UT when feasible .
This formulation allows slightly more information about local circumstances to be specified .
If UT is needed , the receiver need merely do some simple arithmetic to convert the values .
Use of UT loses information about the time zone - location of the server .
If it is desired to supply a time zone name , it SHOULD be included in a comment .
When the delivery SMTP server makes the " final delivery " of a message , it inserts a return - path line at the beginning of the mail data .
This use of return - path is required ; mail systems MUST support it .
The return - path line preserves the information in the < reverse- path > from the MAIL command .
Here , final delivery means the message has left the SMTP environment .
Normally , this would mean it had been delivered to the destination user or an associated mail drop , but in some cases it may be further processed and transmitted by another mail system .
It is possible for the mailbox in the return path to be different from the actual sender 's mailbox , for example , if error responses are to be delivered to a special error handling mailbox rather than to the message sender .
When mailing lists are involved , this arrangement is common and useful as a means of directing errors to the list maintainer rather than the message originator .
The text above implies that the final mail data will begin with a return path line , followed by one or more time stamp lines .
These lines will be followed by the mail data headers and body [ 32 ] .
It is sometimes difficult for an SMTP server to determine whether or not it is making final delivery since forwarding or other operations may occur after the message is accepted for delivery .
Consequently , Klensin Standards Track [ Page 50 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 RFC 822 syntax with non-SMTP transports SHOULD designate an unambiguous address , associated with the transport envelope , to which error reports ( e.g. , non-delivery messages ) should be sent .
Historical note :
Text in RFC 822 that appears to contradict the use of the Return - path header ( or the envelope reverse path address from the MAIL command ) as the destination for error messages is not applicable on the Internet .
The reverse path address ( as copied into the Return - path ) MUST be used as the target of any mail containing delivery error messages .
In particular : - a gateway from SMTP -> elsewhere SHOULD insert a return - path header , unless it is known that the " elsewhere " transport also uses Internet domain addresses and maintains the envelope sender address separately .
- a gateway from elsewhere ->SMTP SHOULD delete any return - path header present in the message , and either copy that information to the SMTP envelope or combine it with information present in the envelope of the other transport system to construct the reverse path argument to the MAIL command in the SMTP envelope .
The server must give special treatment to cases in which the processing following the end of mail data indication is only partially successful .
This could happen if , after accepting several recipients and the mail data , the SMTP server finds that the mail data could be successfully delivered to some , but not all , of the recipients .
In such cases , the response to the DATA command MUST be an OK reply .
However , the SMTP server MUST compose and send an " undeliverable mail " notification message to the originator of the message .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 51 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 section 3.7 .
The time stamp line and the return path line are formally defined as follows : Return - path - line = " Return - Path : " FWS Reverse - path < CRLF >
Time - stamp - line = " Received : " FWS Stamp < CRLF > Stamp = From - domain By - domain Opt-info " ; " FWS date - time ; where " date - time " is as defined in [ 32 ] ; but the " obs - " forms , especially two - digit ; years , are prohibited in SMTP and MUST NOT be used .
From - domain = " FROM " FWS Extended - Domain CFWS By - domain = " BY " FWS Extended - Domain CFWS Extended - Domain = Domain / ( Domain FWS " ( " TCP - info " ) " ) / ( Address - literal FWS " ( " TCP - info " ) " ) TCP - info = Address- literal / ( Domain FWS Address - literal ) ;
Information derived by server from TCP connection ; not client EHLO .
Opt-info = [ Via ] [ With ] [ ID ] [ For ] Via = " VIA " FWS Link CFWS With = " WITH " FWS Protocol CFWS ID = " ID " FWS String / msg-id CFWS For = " FOR " FWS 1 *( Path / Mailbox ) CFWS Link = " TCP " / Addtl - Link Addtl - Link = Atom ; Additional standard names for links are registered with the ; Internet Assigned Numbers Authority ( IANA ) .
" Via " is ; primarily of value with non-Internet transports .
SMTP Klensin Standards Track [ Page 52 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 4.5 Additional Implementation Issues 4.5.1 Minimum Implementation section 3.1 ) .
The requirement to accept mail for postmaster implies that RCPT commands which specify a mailbox for postmaster at any of the domains for which the SMTP server provides mail service , as well as the special case of " RCPT TO : < Postmaster > " ( with no domain specification ) , MUST be supported .
SMTP systems are expected to make every reasonable effort to accept mail directed to Postmaster from any other system on the Internet .
In extreme cases -- such as to contain a denial of service attack or other breach of security -- an SMTP server may block mail directed to Postmaster .
However , such arrangements SHOULD be narrowly tailored so as to avoid blocking messages which are not part of such attacks .
4.5.2 Transparency Klensin Standards Track [ Page 53 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 4.5.3 Sizes and Timeouts 4.5.3.1
Size limits and minimums 16 ] will often require larger objects : clients MAY attempt to transmit these , but MUST be prepared for a server to reject them if they can not be handled by it .
To the maximum extent possible , implementation techniques which impose no limits on the length of these objects should be used .
local - part
The maximum total length of a user name or other local - part is 64 characters .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 54 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 12 ] , message lengths on the Internet have grown dramatically , and message size restrictions should be avoided if at all possible .
SMTP server systems that must impose restrictions SHOULD implement the " SIZE " service extension [ 18 ] , and SMTP client systems that will send large messages SHOULD utilize it when possible .
recipients buffer
The minimum total number of recipients that must be buffered is 100 recipients .
Rejection of messages ( for excessive recipients ) with fewer than 100 RCPT commands is a violation of this specification .
The general principle that relaying SMTP servers MUST NOT , and delivery SMTP servers SHOULD NOT , perform validation tests on message headers suggests that rejecting a message based on the total number of recipients shown in header fields is to be discouraged .
A server which imposes a limit on the number of recipients MUST behave in an orderly fashion , such as to reject additional addresses over its limit rather than silently discarding addresses previously accepted .
A client that needs to Klensin Standards Track [ Page 55 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 RFC 821 [ 30 ] incorrectly listed the error where an SMTP server exhausts its implementation limit on the number of RCPT commands ( " too many recipients " ) as having reply code 552 .
The correct reply code for this condition is 452 .
Clients SHOULD treat a 552 code in this case as a temporary , rather than permanent , failure so the logic below works .
When a conforming SMTP server encounters this condition , it has at least 100 successful RCPT commands in its recipients buffer .
If the server is able to accept the message , then at least these 100 addresses will be removed from the SMTP client 's queue .
When the client attempts retransmission of those addresses which received 452 responses , at least 100 of these will be able to fit in the SMTP server 's recipients buffer .
Each retransmission attempt which is able to deliver anything will be able to dispose of at least 100 of these recipients .
If an SMTP server has an implementation limit on the number of RCPT commands and this limit is exhausted , it MUST use a response code of 452 ( but the client SHOULD also be prepared for a 552 , as noted above ) .
If the server has a configured site - policy limitation on the number of RCPT commands , it MAY instead use a 5XX response code .
This would be most appropriate if the policy limitation was intended to apply if the total recipient count for a particular message body were enforced even if that message body was sent in multiple mail transactions .
4.5.3.2 Timeouts Klensin Standards Track [ Page 56 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 section 6.1 for additional discussion .
An SMTP server SHOULD have a timeout of at least 5 minutes while it is awaiting the next command from the sender .
4.5.4 Retry Strategies Klensin Standards Track [ Page 57 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 4.5.4.1 Sending Strategy 9 ] .
The strategy may be further modified as a result of multiple addresses per host ( see below ) to optimize delivery time vs. resource usage .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 58 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 24 ] , and also Message Disposition Notifications ( MDNs ) [ 10 ] .
All of these kinds of messages are notifications about a previous message , and they are sent to the reverse - path of the previous mail message .
( If the delivery of such a notification message fails , that usually indicates a problem with the mail system of the host to which the notification message is addressed .
For this reason , at some hosts the MTA is set up to forward such failed notification messages to someone who is able to fix problems with the mail system , e.g. , via the postmaster alias . )
All other types of messages ( i.e. , any message which is not required by a standards - track RFC to have a null reverse - path ) SHOULD be sent with with a valid , non -null reverse - path .
Implementors of automated email processors should be careful to make sure that the various kinds of messages with null reverse - path are handled correctly , in particular such systems SHOULD NOT reply to messages with null reverse - path .
5 . Address Resolution and Mail Handling 3.6 and 3.7 ) , a DNS lookup MUST be performed to resolve the domain name [ 22 ] .
The names are expected to be fully - qualified domain names ( FQDNs ) : mechanisms for inferring FQDNs from partial names or local aliases are outside of this specification and , due to a history of problems , are generally discouraged .
The lookup first attempts to locate an MX record associated with the name .
If a CNAME record is found instead , the resulting name is processed as if it were the initial name .
If no MX records are found , but an A RR is found , the A RR is treated as if it was associated with an implicit MX RR , with a preference of 0 , pointing to that host .
If one or more MX RRs are found for a given name , SMTP systems MUST NOT utilize any A RRs associated with that name unless they are located using the MX RRs ; the " implicit MX " rule above applies only if there are no MX records present .
If MX records are present , but none of them are usable , this situation MUST be reported as an error .
When the lookup succeeds , the mapping can result in a list of alternative delivery addresses rather than a single address , because of multiple MX records , multihoming , or both .
To provide reliable mail transmission , the SMTP client MUST be able to try ( and retry ) each of the relevant addresses in this list in order , until a delivery attempt succeeds .
However , there MAY also be a configurable limit on the number of alternate addresses that can be tried .
In any case , the SMTP client SHOULD try at least two addresses .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 60 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 section 4.5.4.1 .
If an SMTP server receives a message with a destination for which it is a designated Mail eXchanger , it MAY relay the message ( potentially after having rewritten the MAIL FROM and / or RCPT TO addresses ) , make final delivery of the message , or hand it off using some mechanism outside the SMTP - provided transport environment .
Of course , neither of the latter require that the list of MX records be examined further .
If it determines that it should relay the message without rewriting the address , it MUST sort the MX records to determine candidates for delivery .
The records are first ordered by preference , with the lowest - numbered records being most preferred .
The relay host MUST then inspect the list for any of the names or addresses by which it might be known in mail transactions .
If a matching record is found , all records at that preference level and higher - numbered ones MUST be discarded from consideration .
If there are no records left at that point , it is an error condition , and the message MUST be returned as undeliverable .
If records do remain , they SHOULD be tried , best preference first , as described above .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 61 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 6 .
Problem Detection and Handling 6.1 Reliable Delivery and Replies by Email RFC 1047 [ 28 ] for a discussion of this problem .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 62 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 6.2 Loop Detection 6.3 Compensating for Irregularities 7 ] ) .
Some could not keep adequate track of time ; others had no concept of time zones ; still others could not identify their own names or addresses ; and , of course , none could satisfy the assumptions that underlay RFC 822's conception of authenticated addresses .
In response to these weak SMTP clients , many SMTP systems now complete messages that are delivered to them in incomplete or incorrect form .
This strategy is generally considered appropriate when the server can identify or authenticate the client , and there are prior agreements between them .
By contrast , there is at best great concern about fixes applied by a relay or delivery SMTP server that has little or no knowledge of the user or client machine .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 63 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 7 .
Security Considerations 7.1 Mail Security and Spoofing 14 ] and , e.g. , PGP [ 4 ] or S / MIME [ 31 ] ) .
Various protocol extensions and configuration options that provide authentication at the transport level ( e.g. , from an SMTP client to an SMTP server ) improve somewhat on the traditional situation described above .
However , unless they are accompanied by careful handoffs of responsibility in a carefully - designed trust environment , they remain inherently weaker than end - to - end mechanisms which use digitally signed messages rather than depending on the integrity of the transport system .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 64 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 7.2 " Blind " Copies 7.3 VRFY , EXPN , and Security section 3.5 , individual sites may want to disable either or both of VRFY or EXPN for security reasons .
As a corollary to the above , implementations that permit this MUST NOT appear to have verified addresses that are not , in fact , verified .
If a site Klensin Standards Track [ Page 65 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 7.4 Information Disclosure in Announcements 7.5 Information Disclosure in Trace Fields Klensin Standards Track [ Page 66 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 7.6 Information Disclosure in Message Forwarding section 3.4 , use of the 251 or 551 reply codes to identify the replacement address associated with a mailbox may inadvertently disclose sensitive information .
Sites that are concerned about those issues should ensure that they select and configure servers appropriately .
7.7 Scope of Operation of SMTP Servers 8 .
IANA Considerations section 2.2.2 , no entry may be made in this registry that starts in an " X " .
Entries may be made only for service extensions ( and associated keywords , parameters , or verbs ) that are defined in standards - track or experimental RFCs specifically approved by the IESG for this purpose .
The second registry consists of " tags " that identify forms of domain literals other than those for IP v4 addresses ( specified in RFC 821 and in this document ) and IPv6 addresses ( specified in this document ) .
Additional literal types require standardization before being used ; none are anticipated at this time .
The third , established by RFC 821 and renewed by this specification , is a registry of link and protocol identifiers to be used with the " via " and " with " subclauses of the time stamp ( " Received : header " ) Klensin Standards Track [ Page 67 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 A . TCP Transport Service B .
Generating SMTP
Commands from RFC 822 Headers RFC 822 headers ( only ) in a mail submission protocol , or otherwise generate SMTP commands from RFC 822 headers when such a message is handed to an MTA from a UA .
While the MTA - UA protocol is a private matter , not covered by any Internet Standard , there are problems with this approach .
For example , there have been repeated problems with proper handling of " bcc " copies and redistribution lists when information that conceptually belongs to a mail envelopes is not separated early in processing from header information ( and kept separate ) .
It is recommended that the UA provide its initial ( " submission client " ) MTA with an envelope separate from the message itself .
However , if the envelope is not supplied , SMTP commands SHOULD be generated as follows : 1 . Each recipient address from a TO , CC , or BCC header field SHOULD be copied to a RCPT command ( generating multiple message copies if that is required for queuing or delivery ) .
This includes any addresses listed in a RFC 822 " group " .
Any BCC fields SHOULD then be removed from the headers .
Once this process is completed , the remaining headers SHOULD be checked to verify that at least one To : , Cc : , or Bcc : header remains .
If none do , then a bcc : header with no additional information SHOULD be inserted as specified in [ 32 ] .
2 . The return address in the MAIL command SHOULD , if possible , be derived from the system 's identity for the submitting ( local ) user , and the " From : " header field otherwise .
If there is a system identity available , it SHOULD also be copied to the Sender header field if it is different from the address in the From header field .
( Any Sender field that was already there SHOULD be removed . )
Systems may provide a way for submitters to override the envelope return address , but may want to restrict its use to privileged users .
This will not prevent mail forgery , but may lessen its incidence ; see section 7.1. Klensin Standards Track [ Page 71 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 RFC 822 information alone MUST NOT be used to gateway a message from a foreign ( non -SMTP ) mail system into an SMTP environment .
Additional information to construct an envelope must come from some source in the other environment , whether supplemental headers or the foreign system 's envelope .
Attempts to gateway messages using only their header " to " and " cc " fields have repeatedly caused mail loops and other behavior adverse to the proper functioning of the Internet mail environment .
These problems have been especially common when the message originates from an Internet mailing list and is distributed into the foreign environment using envelope information .
When these messages are then processed by a header - only remailer , loops back to the Internet environment ( and the mailing list ) are almost inevitable .
C . Source Routes section 3.3 and F.2 , clients SHOULD NOT transmit them and this section was included only to provide context .
For relay purposes , the forward - path may be a source route of the form " @ONE , @TWO:JOE@THREE " , where ONE , TWO , and THREE MUST BE fully - qualified domain names .
This form is used to emphasize the distinction between an address and a route .
The mailbox is an absolute address , and the route is information about how to get there .
The two concepts should not be confused .
If source routes are used , RFC 821 and the text below should be consulted for the mechanisms for constructing and updating the forward - and reverse - paths .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 72 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 D . Scenarios D.1 A Typical SMTP Transaction Scenario Klensin Standards Track [ Page 73 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 D.2 Aborted SMTP Transaction Scenario D.3 Relayed Mail Scenario Klensin Standards Track [ Page 74 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 D.4 Verifying and Sending Scenario Klensin Standards Track [ Page 75 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 E .
Other Gateway Issues F .
Deprecated Features of RFC 821 RFC 821 have proven to be problematic and SHOULD NOT be used in Internet mail .
F.1 TURN RFC 821 , raises important security issues since , in the absence of strong authentication of the host requesting that the client and server switch roles , it can easily be used to divert mail from its correct destination .
Its use is deprecated ; SMTP systems SHOULD NOT use it unless the server can authenticate the client .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 76 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 F.2
Source Routing RFC 821 utilized the concept of explicit source routing to get mail from one host to another via a series of relays .
The requirement to utilize source routes in regular mail traffic was eliminated by the introduction of the domain name system " MX " record and the last significant justification for them was eliminated by the introduction , in RFC 1123 , of a clear requirement that addresses following an " @ " must all be fully - qualified domain names .
Consequently , the only remaining justifications for the use of source routes are support for very old SMTP clients or MUAs and in mail system debugging .
They can , however , still be useful in the latter circumstance and for routing mail around serious , but temporary , problems such as problems with the relevant DNS records .
SMTP servers MUST continue to accept source route syntax as specified in the main body of this document and in RFC 1123 .
They MAY , if necessary , ignore the routes and utilize only the target domain in the address .
If they do utilize the source route , the message MUST be sent to the first domain shown in the address .
In particular , a server MUST NOT guess at shortcuts within the source route .
Clients SHOULD NOT utilize explicit source routing except under unusual circumstances , such as debugging or potentially relaying around firewall or mail system configuration errors .
F.3 HELO 3.1 and 4.1.1 , EHLO is strongly preferred to HELO when the server will accept the former .
Servers must continue to accept and process HELO in order to support older clients .
F.4 #- literals RFC 821 provided for specifying an Internet address as a decimal integer host number prefixed by a pound sign , " # " .
In practice , that form has been obsolete since the introduction of TCP / IP .
It is deprecated and MUST NOT be used .
F.5 Dates and Years Klensin Standards Track [ Page 77 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001 F.6
Sending versus Mailing RFC 821 provided additional , optional , commands to deliver messages directly to the user 's terminal screen .
These commands ( SEND , SAML , SOML ) were rarely implemented , and changes in workstation technology and the introduction of other protocols may have rendered them obsolete even where they are implemented .
Clients SHOULD NOT provide SEND , SAML , or SOML as services .
Servers MAY implement them .
If they are implemented by servers , the implementation model specified in RFC 821 MUST be used and the command names MUST be published in the response to the EHLO command .
Klensin Standards Track [ Page 78 ]
RFC 2821 Simple Mail Transfer Protocol April 2001
Kent Robertson , a spokesman for Chevron , said there was no evidence that any death or illness had been caused by its operations .
He said that when Texaco left Ecuador in the early 1990s , it arranged for 40 per cent of the pits to be decontaminated and signed a contract with the Ecuadorian government that Petroecuador would deal with the rest .
Any sign of contamination now was Petroecuador 's work , he said .
As The Corbett Report reported yesterday , veteran Bilderberg researcher Daniel Estulin has obtained documents from inside last week 's G20 Finance Minister 's meeting in St. Andrews , Scotland .
The documents — including attendee lists , drafts of the conference 's communique and handwritten notes with deatils about who said what during deliberations — were snuck out of the conference by Estulin 's sources despite security measures which were high " even by Bilderberg standards . "
The documents can be viewed at BilderbergBook.com and have been mirrored here in PDF format .
Listen to The Corbett Report 's exclusive interview with Estulin about these documents by downloading the mp3 or listen in the player below :
In addition to the expansion of the African Union and the population reduction goals that Estulin has identified as key G20 talking points , the documents also shed light on how the financial oligarchs hope to establish a global fund of " predictable public finance " to fight the phoney global warming problem .
Startlingly , the draft document admits that the fund could be administered by " an existing international financial institution . "
Although this potentially explosive language was removed from the bland , politically palatable final version of the G20 communique , attendee notes indicate the nature and operation of this fund was a key discussion point during the conference .
Although the paragraph on climate change in the final version of the document seems like an afterthought , inserted as the last point before the summation , the draft communique indicates it was in fact one of the highest priorities , originally coming right after the opening preamble .
The final version has also exorcised all but the most mealy - mouthed political language .
Compare this sentence in the final version : " Public finance can leverage significant private investment " to the original : " Substantial additional and predictable public finance from developed countries is essential , and should serve as a foundation for private finance , carbon markets and domestic public resources of developing countries to contribute to climate action .
Public finance can also leverage significant private investment . "
ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW
The draft text opens the kimono on the financier 's plan to establish a process for systematic wealth transfer from developed countries not to aid developing countries ( who will also contributing " domestic public resources " to fight the non-existent carbon dioxide scare ) but to help prop up private financiers and carbon markets .
This " public finance " will of course be raised by the developed nations through taxation , thus amounting to an indirect carbon tax on the population of the developed world .
Perhaps the most egregious language in the draft document comes from the final sentences of the climate change paragraph , also replaced by bland platitudes in the final communique :
" ... serious consideration should be given to the creation of a new fund , as a complement to existing mechanisms , to support projects , programmes and policies , possibly with multiple windows , to support adaptation and mitigation , technology cooperation and capacity building in developing countries .
It should have balanced representation and operate under the policy guidance of , and be accountable to , the Conference of the Parties , with its operation possibly entrusted to an existing international financial institution . "
In other words , the carbon tax revenue deposited in this new wealth transfer fund will be given directly to the very institutions that have been shown as a tool of Anglo - American imperialist hegemony again and again and again .
Ultimately , the G20 defers the decision on what type of carbon tax / wealth transfer mechanism to set up to the UNFCCC , the similarly unelected and unaccountable United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change that will be meeting in Copenhagen next month .
Although it is clear the UNFCCC is fully on board with the global carbon tax scheme , the controlled corporate media is now reporting that the Copenhagen summit is unlikely to finalize a broad international treaty .
Once again , however , the smuggled G20 documents again say otherwise .
One attendee 's handwritten note under the heading " US - Geithner " reads : " President optimistic have basic elements in place in US in next year . "
Another , under the heading " Address issues ahead of Copenhagen - Wayne Swan " reads : " More agreement than think .
Need find public way of communicating . "
Perhaps such self - consciousness about the deep unpopularity of the proposed bankster carbon tax explains why the more controversial elements of the draft communique were removed .
Related works from The Corbett Report :
Estulin on G20 ( video excerpt )
Death by Treaty : Lord Monckton on the Crisis of Copenhagen ( article )
Use Sun SPOTs as your build canary
Monitor the health of your continuous build process with Small Programmable Object Technology
From the developerWorks archives
Craig W. Caulfield
|
Find out how to turn a new , open source wireless device — Sun 's Small Programmable Object Technology ( SPOT ) — into a highly visible indicator of the health of a continuous integration build .
Craig Caulfield introduces you to Sun SPOTs and the SPOT SDK , then shows how to use SPOTs as an early - warning system for CruiseControl builds .
This content is no longer being updated or maintained .
The full article is provided " as is " in a PDF file .
Given the rapid evolution of technology , some content , steps , or illustrations may have changed .
View PDF file
Libertarians traditionally have viewed coercion , especially when institutionalized in the form of government , as the main threat to freedom .
But cultural pressures outside the state also can restrict people 's ability to live as they please .
Is that another limit on liberty worth criticizing , or is it a function of voluntary choices ?
In the first essay below , Contributing Editor Kerry Howley argues for a wider vision of human liberty , one that acknowledges government is not the only threat to freedom .
In a reply , Todd Seavey says fighting for property rights is difficult enough without taking on cultural baggage .
In another response , Daniel McCarthy agrees that culture and liberty are linked but suggests that freedom demands a more pluralistic view of acceptable cultures than Howley 's vision might allow .
We 're All Cultural Libertarians
Freedom is about more than just the absence of government .
Kerry Howley
" It was amazing to me how quickly she overturned the power structure within her family , " Leslie Chang writes in Factory Girls , her 2008 book on internal migration within China .
Chang is marveling at Min , a 17 - year - old who left her family farm to find work in a succession of factories in the rapidly urbanizing city of Dongguan .
Had Min never left home , she would have been expected to marry a man from a nearby village , to bear his children , and to accept her place in a tradition that privileges husbands over wives .
But months after Min found work in Dongguan , she was already advising her father on financial planning , directing her younger siblings to stay in school , and changing jobs without bothering to ask her parents ' permission .
Chang 's book is full of such women : once - obedient daughters who make a few yuan , then hijack the social hierarchy .
Even tiny incomes cash out in revolutionary ways .
With little more than 1,000 yuan ( about $ 150 ) in Min 's pocket , it becomes possible to plan a life independent of her family 's expectations , to conceive of a world where she decides where to live , how to spend her time , and with whom .
I call myself a classical liberal in part because I believe that negative liberties , such as Min 's freedom from government interference , are the best means to acquire positive liberties , such as Min 's ability to pursue further education .
I also value the kind of culture that economic freedom produces and within which it thrives : tolerance for human variation , aversion to authoritarianism , and what the libertarian economist F.A.
Hayek called " a preparedness to let change run its course even if we cannot predict where it will lead . "
But I am disturbed by an inverse form of state worship I encounter among my fellow skeptics of government power .
This is the belief that the only liberty worth caring about is liberty reclaimed from the state ; that social pathologies such as patriarchy and nationalism are not the proper concerns of the individualist ; that the fight for freedom stops where the reach of government ends .
It was tradition , not merely government , that threatened to limit Min 's range of possible lives .
To describe the expanded scope of her agency as merely " freedom from state interference " is to deny the extent of what capitalism has achieved in communist China .
As former Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - Day Saints leader Warren Jeffs can tell you , it 's possible to be an anti-government zealot with no interest whatsoever in individual liberty .
If authoritarian fundamentalist compounds are your bag , the words personal agency will hold no magic for you , and Min 's situation will smack of social chaos .
But libertarians for whom individualism is important cannot avoid discussions of culture , conformism , and social structure .
Not every threat to liberty is backed by a government gun .
Convention creates boundaries as thick as any border wall and ubiquitous as any surveillance state .
In Min 's village , women are constrained by a centuries - old preference for male descendants .
( Men are also constrained by this tradition , as families are less likely to permit their valuable sons to migrate to the city . )
Most people will accept their assigned roles in the village ecosystem , of course , just as most Americans will quietly accept the authority of a government that bans access to developmental cancer drugs while raiding medical marijuana dispensaries .
A door is as good as a wall if we cannot imagine walking through it .
It ought to seem obvious that a philosophy devoted to political liberty would concern itself with building a freedom - friendly culture .
But the state - wary social conservative flinches when his libertarian friends celebrate the power of culture itself to liberate : the liberty of the pill , of pornography , of 600 channels where once there were three .
The social conservative will refer to these wayward anti-statists as " cultural libertarians , " by which he means libertines .
And it will always be in his interest to argue that the libertarian , qua libertarian , should stay mute on issues of culture .
" True libertarianism is not cultural libertarianism , " the philosopher Edward Feser wrote on the paleolibertarian website LewRockwell.com in December 2001 .
This statement was immediately preceded by a call for the stigmatization of porn , adultery , divorce , and premarital sex — in other words , an argument for a particular kind of culture .
Feser claimed that small government and an ethos of " personal fulfillment " were incompatible , and he argued for the former over the latter .
In the guise of an attack on cultural libertarianism , Feser demanded that libertarians espouse different patterns of cultural behavior .
As it turns out , all libertarians are cultural libertarians .
We just do n't share the same agenda .
Some prefer to advance their agenda by pretending it does n't exist : that social convention is not a matter of concern for those who believe in individual liberty .
But when a libertarian claims that his philosophy has no cultural content — has nothing to say , for instance , about society 's acceptance of gays and lesbians — he is engaging in a kind of cultural politics that welcomes the paternalism of the mob while balking at that of the state .
This prioritization can be difficult to confront because it is most often expressed in strategic silence or casual conversation .
The tendency to dismiss feminist complaints about social pressure as " self - victimization , " for instance , is not something one is likely to encounter in a philosophical meditation on the centrality of property rights .
It emerges in the choice to write about one freedom - limiting aspect of the world rather than another , bubbles up in Internet chatter , and spills over into informal interactions .
Still , if too many people who group themselves under the libertarian banner pursue a vision of liberty restricted to resisting state coercion , libertarian intellectual history has something to do with that outcome .
Founders of modern libertarianism , giants who helped shape the self - conscious movement 's argumentative styles and emphases , tended to focus their firepower almost exclusively on the state .
Murray Rothbard , the anarchist economist and philosopher who was a guiding influence on nearly every existing libertarian institution , limited his vision of liberty to the security of private property ; any depredation that could n't be traced to an assault on or theft of someone 's justly owned property was not , in his view , the libertarian 's concern .
Milton Friedman 's popular writings about choice looked at areas where choice was being restricted by agents of the state with explicit threats of force .
Ayn Rand 's ethical philosophy did look beyond the state , to the forces of conformity and altruistic moral suasion .
But her vision of rationality was so demanding that readers could be forgiven for thinking that life in a welfare state might be less restrictive than life lived as a model Randian .
Libertarianism in the early 1970s still had countercultural energy to burn , but the institutions that grew to define the modern movement during that decade and the next — reason , the Cato Institute , and the Libertarian Party — focused largely on areas of economic disagreement with the left , such as tax levels , government spending , the flexibility of labor markets , and the regulation of international trade .
While libertarians agreed more with a roughly defined left in a few areas , such as military policy and the drug war , they repeatedly missed opportunities to connect their concerns about authoritarianism with the left 's analysis of less overt , more deeply embedded restrictions on individual agency .
Feminist consciousness , for example , came to be seen by libertarians as inseparable from statism , despite the fact that it arose in response to very real social and state pressures that restricted the autonomy of half the population .
In a different context , libertarians might have seen that certain feminist critiques — particularly those having to do with the social construction of gender — were necessary to any serious consideration of individual liberty .
Thoughtless conformity has rarely been the libertarian 's friend .
But against a backdrop of feminist assaults on free speech and calls for workplace regulation , social constructionism seemed to many merely another justification for government coercion , a denial of the very concept of personal agency .
In turning so definitively from the left , libertarians denied themselves a powerful vocabulary with which to engage discussions of individualism .
To take a very basic example , at mid-century 5.5 percent of Americans entering medical school happened to have female bodies .
This number may well have reflected women 's limited interest in pursuing medicine as a career .
But that level of interest also reflected a particular view of women in positions of authority , a certain range of social spaces that girls could imagine themselves inhabiting .
Norms that positioned women as wives and mothers obviously functioned as constraints on identity formation .
None of this has much to do with limited government , but it has everything to do with individuals struggling to assert themselves against a collective .
Libertarians are usually sensitive to the political implications of social norms when those norms are fostered by an overzealous state .
Universal state surveillance , libertarians often worry , breeds passive adults with no expectation of privacy .
Smoking bans encourage people to accept the diminution of their choices uncomplainingly .
Ever -expanding executive power encourages further president worship , preparing the ground for the next executive power grab .
The more the state does , the broader most people think its natural scope to be .
The inconsistency of the libertarian who believes that smoking bans create automatons but scoffs at the social construction of gender troubles the Auburn University philosopher Roderick Long and the libertarian writer Charles W. Johnson .
" Libertarians often conclude that gender roles must not be oppressive since many women accept them , " they note in a 2005 essay on libertarian feminism , " but they do not analogously treat the fact that most citizens accept the legitimacy of governmental compulsion as a reason to question its oppressive character ; on the contrary , they see their task as one of consciousness - raising and demystification , or , in the Marxian phrase , plucking the flowers from the chains to expose their character as chains . "
Liberty — from government , from tradition , from prejudice — must be taught , capacities developed .
Beyond the realm of social psychology lie more obvious markers of social pressure — brute , external restrictions on freedom maintained by intolerance or cultural inertia .
Libertarians will agree that laws requiring racial segregation and prohibiting victimless , though controversial , sexual practices are contrary to their creed .
But if the constraints on freedom of association suddenly become social rather than bureaucratic — if the neighborhood decides it does not want black residents , or the extended family decides it cannot tolerate gay sons — we do not experience a net expansion of freedom .
If a black man who cannot hold employment by law is unfree , so too is a black man who cannot hold employment because social custom decrees that no one will hire him .
If a gay couple that cannot legally marry is being wronged , so too is a couple that must stay closeted to avoid social ostracism .
A woman who has to choose between purdah and exile from her village is not living a free life , even if no one has bothered to codify the rules in an Important Book and call them " laws . "
None of this is to say that it is the state 's place to force a family to accept its children , a church to welcome all comers , or a sex worker to embrace all lonely hearts .
There is a difference between emotional coercion and physical force .
But it is the role of someone who professes to believe in the virtues of individualism — and emphatically the role of someone who believes that social persuasion is preferable to legal coercion — to foster a culture that is tolerant of nonconformity .
Property rights are more than the conclusion of an academic argument ; they are themselves a matter of culture .
If they are useful to us it is because they govern our conduct and lend structure to everyday life .
I may not help myself to the contents of just any wallet , take off in just any car , walk into just any house .
A drop - dead argument for the authority of these constraints may exist in pure reason , but they are meaningless without a broadly shared sense of their legitimacy .
Absent friendly social forces , property rights are an impotent abstraction .
Rights come alive through convention .
Culture makes them breathe .
Strip away the context in which property rights are respected , and nothing much remains .
Yet cultural context , in all its messy inexactitude , is exactly what propertarians wish to resist .
Culture also is where libertarians should focus if they wish to gain more than tepid enthusiasm for their unorthodoxy .
A thin philosophy attracts thin support .
It certainly did n't take long for former President George W. Bush to abandon the logic of his professed small - government principles ; the pull of moral utopianism was stronger than that of rational calculation .
Rand inspires millions not because she writes so passionately about property rights but because she writes so passionately about individuality in a world of suffocating conformity .
Her books change their readers not because they idealize small states but because they depict large men .
Leslie Chang , another author who surveys the damage wrought by cultural conformism , includes a conversation with her Chinese relatives in Factory Girls .
Chang wants them to share the stories of their lives , their individual encounters with the Cultural Revolution and all the devastation that followed .
But each relative of a certain age insists that she has nothing to say , brushes over life events , and retreats to the safety of specific dates rather than tracing the arc of a life .
They cannot disentangle their stories from those of the nation , and Chang eventually gives up in frustration .
" The women in the factory towns of the south did not talk this way , " she finds .
" In a city untroubled by the past , each one was living , telling , and writing her own story ; amid these million solitary struggles , individualism was taking root .
The details of their lives might be grim and mundane , yet these young women told me their stories as if they mattered . "
Libertarians like to mock liberals who attribute all good things on this earth to the virtue of benign governmental forces — the bureaucratic Tinkerbell who ensures that their food is n't poisoned , that their roofs do n't fall , that the sun rises on schedule .
What an irony that so many avowed anti-statists , their eyes firmly affixed on Washington , cannot see freedom beyond government 's absence .
Contributing Editor Kerry Howley ( KHowley@reason.com ) is a writer in Iowa City .
Freedom's Just Another Word for Kerry Howley 's Preferences
Defending property rights is difficult enough without cultural baggage .
Todd Seavey
Kerry Howley accuses property - focused libertarians — which I had hoped meant all libertarians — of having veiled cultural agendas , whereas hers is open , forthright , and beneficial to boot .
Quite the contrary : Like countless young " Third Wave " feminists , Howley insists we see the specific , early - 21st - century cultural agenda she 's pushing as a neutral blank slate , filled with endless possibilities and with no limitations on individuals and their boundless potential .
By contrast , any conventions and cultural norms at odds with that vision are " walls , " like guard towers , seemingly backed by the threatening power of police truncheons .
The big question is why adherence to cultural norms is not itself an exercise of one 's freedom .
Amish opponents of statism might think liberty grows more organically out of their highly traditional way of life than it does out of Howley 's just - do - it attitude .
Meanwhile , fighting against social norms often includes opposition to such libertarian - approved bourgeois social norms as commerce and respect for property .
Storefront - smashing anti-globalization activists are a good example of the dangerous paths that groovy cultural iconoclasm can take .
This is not to say that I know our current batch of social norms is ideal .
( I 'm an atheist , so there are obviously going to be some social conventions with which I disagree . )
I 'm just not convinced that Howley has the power to spot which ones are bad and thus weed them out of the ongoing , dynamic , evolutionary process that is civilization .
She mentions , for instance , that 5.5 percent of medical students , decades ago , " happened to have female bodies . "
She concedes briefly that discrepancies in gender roles " may " result from psychological inclinations or voluntary behavior patterns rather than oppression , but she gives us no reason to believe that she has special skills enabling her to decide better than the rest of us when the sorting processes of society have yielded acceptably " free " results and when they have yielded unacceptably gendered ones .
That 's why libertarians traditionally focus so much on the physical - coercion litmus test :
Other tests are as hopelessly ambiguous as the bickering of democratic socialists .
There 's a vast universe of moral and philosophical judgments beyond libertarianism , and one of the beauties of the philosophy is that it leaves people free to debate those countless other matters without breaking the minimal ground rule of respecting one another 's rights .
Trying to cram all of philosophy and culture into the tiny footnote that is libertarianism is precisely the kind of political overreaching that drives people away from radical philosophies , not a form of richness that aids recruitment .
It 's hard enough to sell people on the idea of property rights already without adding a host of " rich " moral baggage to the idea .
Does
Howley predict greater success if we tell people they have to give up traditional social norms , gender roles , and religious views at the same time ?
Do you think the metric system would have been an easier sell in Europe if bureaucrats had said everyone also had to adopt , say , Portuguese cuisine and androgynous clothing ?
Most libertarians would say that once the side constraint of property rights adherence is established , people have a right to engage in whatever social patterns they wish to follow so long as the property side constraints are not themselves undermined .
Howley mentions " fundamentalist compounds " dismissively , but is n't the whole point of liberty that people are free to construct fundamentalist compounds , sexist strip clubs , respectable female - run corporations , gender - indifferent science labs , or all - male hunting lodges as they choose , so long as they do so voluntarily ?
If not , we can be forgiven for wondering why someone who thinks like Howley would embrace the basic political stance of libertarianism in the strict property - defending sense at all .
If people telling you " fat chicks should be shunned " is as oppressive as being hauled off to jail , why not pass laws banning anti-fat - chick discrimination ?
Why not endorse affirmative action laws ?
Why not tell Catholic - run charities they must hire gays ?
The traditional libertarian answer is that rights violations are fundamentally different from behavior that merely strikes you as narrow - minded .
Howley 's thinking is potentially authoritarian ( in a way that being passively bourgeois is not ) because other people 's patterns of behavior will always limit your options one way or another and thus prompt demands for redress .
Howley singles out a few hot - button , familiar issues such as race and gender , but the truth is that every time your fellow human beings decide , say , to be sports fans instead of talking about entomology with you , or to leave town en masse for the Bahamas ( causing you to feel lonely ) , their actions have altered your life options .
Tough luck .
That 's called " other people exercising their freedom , " not " people oppressing you . "
And their freedom includes their right to heap criticism upon you , not just your right to speak freely .
They may even express arbitrary preferences in their criticism , unless Howley is asserting that only others ' objective , rationally defensible statements should be allowed to affect my life .
It is not an enhancement of libertarianism but instead a grotesque subversion of it to say that other people are behaving freely only if they 're being nice and supportive of your decisions and behaviors .
This is not to say that their voluntary actions and words cannot be , as Howley rightly suggests , more damaging to you than a property violation such as a fine or a burglary .
But we recognize in their nonviolent actions an inevitable aspect of freedom in the real world , lived with other free people .
The property violations , by contrast , can be policed and minimized .
Just as theater critics who hound a writer into abandoning his work have not committed coercion in the morally or legally relevant sense of the term , generations of people expressing their cultural preferences in ways that put you at odds with them are not committing coercion .
They are living free lives that you are welcome to ridicule , despise , or oppose , but you should not claim to be doing so in the name of libertarianism or liberty .
You 're simply expressing your preferences , and they 're expressing theirs .
The larger problem with Howley 's view is that she has no more idea than the rest of us what social norms will come to be seen as most beneficial centuries hence , absent legal coercion .
She may feel deep in her bones that the future is destined to be a funky , libidinous , free - spirited , gender - neutral dance party .
But ongoing scientific revelations about gender differences in the brain and the perpetual quest for more efficient ways of carving up the division of labor may in fact yield a world more " sexist " than anything routinely seen in America in the early 21st century .
Similarly , people may come to think that a quiet life of media avoidance , monastic contemplation , and predictable routines creates vastly more happiness than being a Howley - style individualist .
We simply do n't know how dense tradition — or other even more rigid social norms — will be ( and should be ) in a free future after more centuries of learning .
In the short term , I can't help noticing that at the recent Tea Party protests against government spending that I 've attended , there were a lot of conservatives and Christians .
Should we tell those right - wingers they 're hindering the fight for freedom ?
Is the real battle being waged by fans of Herbert Marcuse ?
The Marcuse fans I 've met tend to love government spending — and hate capitalism , not to mention bourgeois individualism — as do most of the leftist culture theorists from whom Howley thinks we have so much to learn .
Thinkers who ( however accurately ) point out that morality is more than just the market have a tendency to favor regimes that leave us with less than a market .
Libertarians should stay focused on shrinking the government 's role in our lives and our economy .
The other culture wars are endless , and we have no clear stake as libertarians in their outcome .
By adding still more items to the libertarian agenda , we will not enrich our philosophy , only render it muddled , more demanding , more partisan , and still less popular .
Howley is entitled to prefer whatever cultural norms she likes .
We are in turn free to criticize , ridicule , and shun her .
Todd Seavey ( toddseavey@earthlink.net ) blogs at ToddSeavey.com .
No One True Culture of Liberty
Tolerance is important but difficult to define and easily subverted .
Daniel McCarthy
Libertarians ought to support a culture of liberty .
But what does that mean ?
Many scholars of liberty — the sociologist Rodney Stark , to name one — have argued that Western Christianity is the original culture of liberty .
It ended classical slavery , improved the status of women , recognized the sanctity of the individual soul , and set the stage for a proliferation of private property rights and the spirit of enterprise throughout Europe as nowhere else .
From all that , it may not follow that Christian culture is still the womb of liberty today .
But conservatives and culturally right - wing libertarians believe it is .
Progressives and culturally left - leaning libertarians tell another story , in which Christianity is a seedbed of intolerance and repression — often violent repression .
Libertarians of all stripes are comfortable enough condemning aggressive violence categorically .
( Though even here questions arise : Who defines aggression ?
Is violence against a fetus in the womb aggression , or is it a defense of your right to your own body ? )
What kind of culture leads to minimal aggression and maximum freedom is a matter of contention .
Tolerance is probably an important attribute of any culture of liberty , but tolerance is harder to define than liberty itself .
Consider : If McCorp fires John
Doe because he voices support for gay marriage , a libertarian who subscribes to a progressive view of the world might say McCorp has committed an act of intolerance against Doe .
But if Cold Harbor Laboratory fires a molecular biologist ( let 's call him " James Watson " ) because he states a belief that Africans have weak cognitive abilities , the same progressive libertarian may not believe any act of intolerance has occurred — or , if one has , that Watson is the guilty party .
After all , can you foster a culture of liberty in a society polluted by views like Watson's ?
If that example seems too easy , consider the case of an otherwise qualified professor denied tenure because he 's a creationist , or because he 's a Republican .
Must a free society treat those who hold irrational or bigoted opinions the same way it treats those who have enlightened views ?
To do so , Herbert Marcuse warned , amounts to " repressive tolerance , " a kind of tolerance that allows fascist personality types to flourish and thereby undermines freedom .
Right - wingers have their own list of views that must be suppressed ( by force or by social stigma ) in the name of freedom .
Willmoore Kendall , for example , believed that public orthodoxy ought to trump free speech , since all liberties rest upon a cultural consensus .
Thus , according to Kendall , Athens was right to execute Socrates , and 1950s America ought not to tolerate Communists .
For disciples of Marcuse and Kendall , freedom really is n't free .
Maybe a true culture of liberty has nothing to do with left - wing or right - wing orthodoxies .
Rather than taking sides in culture wars over race , religion , sex , and subversion , libertarians — so this line of thinking goes — ought just to affirm a culture that supports property rights .
In this case , the libertarian position regarding John Doe or James Watson should be to support employers whenever they fire anyone , since ( unless a contract specifies otherwise ) an em-ployer always has a right to dismiss subordinates .
But even this culturally neutral standpoint does not have an uncontested claim to be the pure libertarian view .
Those who take their cues from John Stuart Mill will argue that expressive liberty is at least as important as property rights .
We therefore ought to defend employees with unpopular views against arbitrary dismissal , regardless of whether we find their opinions righteous or repugnant .
If Mill is patron saint of the expressive libertarians , Murray Rothbard is the champion of the propertarians .
Kerry Howley 's essay makes the case for a substantive left - libertarianism .
She suggests the Ed Feser of 2001 as spokesman for the culturally right - wing libertarians .
Today Feser , who has continued to move rightward , or at least stateward , is not a libertarian at all , which might seem to prove Howley 's point .
But I held views not far from Feser 's in 2001 , and I have followed a different trajectory .
That Feser and I can move in different directions from similar cultural presuppositions might prove the point I want to make : that there is no one true culture of liberty .
The idea that only traditional attitudes , never progressive ones , can be oppressive strikes me as naive .
Cultural progressives are as apt as anyone to make the leap from stigmatizing to persecuting their enemies .
Scapegoating has been as useful for the authoritarian left as for the authoritarian right :
Witness the hysteria about white separatists and right - wing militias that recurs every time a tolerant Democratic administration succeeds an intolerant Republican one .
Randy Weaver , no less than Matthew Shepard , can attest to the consequences of demonizing misfits .
Nor do progressive attitudes toward sex and race necessarily lead to a culture of liberty .
In the 1920s the Soviet Union was less racist and more sexually open than the United States .
Divorce and abortion were legal and readily available , and more than a few Bolsheviks practiced as well as preached free love .
Yet that did not make Russia a more fertile soil for liberty .
Workers ' orgies were no defense against the power of the Soviet state , which soon revoked the moral license it had granted .
To point out the inadequacies of cultural progressivism is not to excuse the flaws of cultural conservatives .
Either side may be more or less libertarian in practice .
Paradoxically , the nonlibertarian qualities of the mutually antagonistic left and right sometimes entail unexpected benefits for freedom .
Some of the most effective centers of resistance to state power over the centuries , after all , have been nonindividualistic institutions such as labor unions , churches , guilds , and extended families .
Conversely , when libertarians attack these organs of civil society in the name of freedom , they may only succeed in empowering the state — not always , but sometimes .
If some libertarians wo n't tell you what freedom should look like beyond the absence of the state , do n't assume that these people must subscribe to a crabbed idea of liberty or else are smuggling their values behind a veil of cultural neutrality .
These anti-statists may refuse to define the cultural content of libertopia because they believe deeply in the pluripotentiality of freedom — that freedom can mean the freedom to be a Mormon housewife as well as to be a postgendered television personality .
Freedom , they realize , may even mean the freedom not to be free .
Libertarianism does not demand that everyone subscribe to the same idea of the good life .
By extension , libertarianism also should not demand that everyone subscribe to the same idea of liberty .
Thoroughgoing anti-statists understand that politics is not culture , even if culture — that is , how people live their lives — shapes politics .
What follows from this is that in letting culture remain diverse , anti-statists accept that politics will be diverse too and will not always lead to outcomes that all libertarians like .
The political theorist Chandran Kukathas explains this well in his paper " Two Constructions of Libertarianism . "
In what he calls the " Union of Liberty , " everybody has to interpret the rules in the same way , under one centralized libertarian government .
In the " Federation of Liberty , " there is a " meta - tolerance " toward different understandings of tolerance and liberty because it is understood that other people interpret political rules , including the fundamental libertarian rule of nonaggression , in different ways .
The danger of the Federation of Liberty is that it permits violations of liberty , perhaps even outright slavery .
The danger of the Union of Liberty , however , is much worse .
The trouble is not only a universal state but a universal orthodoxy , a tyranny of the supermajority that threatens to destroy the individual personality .
In culture , even tolerance , justice , and liberty can be carried too far .
One must be permitted some room for error , psychological space for entertaining thoughts other than " libertarian " thoughts .
Consider the plight of Alex in the Anthony Burgess novel and Stanley Kubrick film A Clockwork Orange .
By any standard — left , right , Millian , or Rothbardian — Alex is no libertarian .
He 's a vandal , a murderer , a rapist ( ipso facto a misogynist ) .
He 's guilty of every crime .
So why do so many of us sympathize with him ?
Our feeling for Alex derives from something deeper than mere horror at his eyes being pried open in the film 's famous torture scene .
We have a right to , or better still a love for , what is inside our own skulls .
If mental content , even good values like nonaggression , can be poured into Alex 's conscience as if he were nothing more than a vessel , the same could happen to any of us .
Not only the state but also our culture must not press its demands so far into the individual conscience , whether by " justified " coercion ( in the case of the killer Alex ) or by any other means .
Our moral imperfections are our last guarantee of liberty against the benevolent system builders who would have all men and women speak with one voice and assent to one idea .
Cultures of liberty tend to be bric - a - brac , full of unresolved tensions between competing ideas .
Freedom does not depend upon universalizing the " right " — or left — values .
It 's the other way around : A clash of values is what makes even mental liberty possible .
Daniel McCarthy ( mccarthydp@gmail.com ) is senior editor of The American Conservative .
Culture , Not Just Government , Restricts Liberty
The capacity to choose must be learned .
Kerry Howley
Earlier I suggested that not all threats to liberty are threats from the state , that power is distributed throughout society by nature , accident , and convention .
Daniel Mc - Carthy echoes my thoughts in his description of " a universal orthodoxy , a tyranny of the supermajority . "
My point is that such orthodoxy is of concern , if not to all self - described libertarians , then to those who are in the game because they care about freedom broadly construed .
My co-discussants conceive of a world in which human beings spring from their mothers ' wombs fully equipped with the psychological armor required for individualism , at which point they choose among an array of possible lives .
" Shall I be Amish or Wiccan ? " the ready - made individual asks .
" Shall I be a child bride or shall I enroll at Miss Porter's ? "
Missing from Todd Seavey 's and Daniel McCarthy 's responses is an acknowledgement that human beings acquire a respect for individual rights and a consciousness of their individuality .
We are n't born knowing that prosperity flows from property rights ; indeed , it 's somewhat counterintuitive .
And we are n't born knowing that it 's dangerous to defer unthinkingly to your peers .
Our choices are rather more constrained than Seavey and McCarthy allow , and cultural pressure is one notable limitation .
Resistance to this pressure is a developed skill , if it is developed at all .
Clearly some are never given the tools to do anything but acquiesce .
A pluralistic society requires a delicate balance between the freedom to raise children in whatever manner you please and some assurance that growing human beings will encounter conditions under which individuals may act as individuals and come to exercise freedom in a meaningful way .
In the abstract it is easy to pretend , as Seavey does , that no one loses out when authoritarian cultures thrive unmolested .
Specifics are messier , darkened by the reality of trade - offs and fraught with the vulnerability of young minds .
An Afghan kid who never gets the chance to go to school — not because the state prohibits it , but because her culture does — will find her range of options profoundly constrained .
She may not even conceive of other ways of living :
As McCarthy reminds us , " psychic liberty , " too , is subject to constraint .
" Tough Luck , " says Seavey .
" That 's called ' other people exercising their freedom , ' not " people oppressing you . '? "
But if we care about choice , perhaps we should care about encouraging the capacity to choose .
Seavey 's libertarian can have no complaint , qua libertarian , so long as property rights , conceived along the lines of a certain kind of idiosyncratic libertarian theory , are observed .
One may be a racist , an anti-Semite , a raving nationalist interventionist , or all three , but libertarian one may remain .
Fair enough .
Someone inclined to endorse libertarian property rights , but who thinks there is more to liberty than the allocation of property rights , should thus be no more objectionable than , say , a property - rights - respecting xenophobic militarist .
Yet the idea that social structure and cultural norms also matter to liberty is taken to be , for reasons unknown , " potentially authoritarian . "
Xenophobic nationalism is a matter of indifference to the property - focused libertarian .
But an expansive concern for liberty ?
Well , that 's the first step down the road to serfdom .
Or the second , after feminism .
Seavey worries that libertarianism will be even less popular if we point out the confluence between it and other philosophical leanings .
This is silly .
I write this response from a café in southern Guatemala , where you can't walk into a Catholic church without being confronted by Mayan animist iconography .
Unimpeachably devout Catholics cart booze and cigarettes to an effigy of Maximón , a badass , cigar - smoking saint I promise you will not find in the Vatican .
The most successful missionaries did not come to Guatemala and insist that their religion had nothing whatsoever to do with the lives of those they sought to convert .
They tried to convince the locals that they had been Catholics in spirit all along .
Every evangelist on earth knows his task is to find connections between old , entrenched beliefs and whatever newfangled doctrine he is looking to sell .
Perhaps it would be instructive to consider a hypothetical conversation between Seavey and a potential libertarian .
Potential Libertarian :
What 's libertarianism ?
Seavey : A philosophy of freedom and property rights .
Potential Libertarian : Oh , right .
Freedom like civil rights ?
Seavey : No , not that kind of freedom .
Potential Libertarian : Oh. Freedom like the freedom to be openly gay ?
Seavey : No .
That has nothing to do with liberty .
Potential Libertarian : Oh. Um …
Seavey : Let 's talk about easements !
Daniel McCarthy 's erudite critique outlines some ambiguities over which libertarians have always argued — the many , differing conceptions of tolerance , aggression , and property rights .
He is right to claim that " libertarians should not demand that everyone subscribe to the same idea of liberty , " but it is a mistake to assume that given the inevitability of disagreements , any consensus is impossible and undesirable .
Tolerance itself is a consensus position , demanding a certain measure of agreement .
Like all rights , property rights depend on some measure of concordance .
Sometimes an appeal to the impossibility of agreement is merely an excuse for quiescence .
People come together to undertake all manner of projects in a free society , and resisting pervasive cultural constraints is one of them .
The status quo reflects a natural , but not inevitable , proclivity to defer to authority , and a natural , but not inevitable , desire to bow to the tribe .
A culture of liberty would indeed beget the raucous , plenitudinous hodgepodge McCarthy speaks of .
And I would call that world a better one .
Just three weeks ago , I introduced you to a man who was a week into his effort to complete what might be the greatest pizza - eating feat in the history of humankind .
Thanks to an article in the Chicago Tribune , we now know the man 's name is Craig Scharoff , he has a remarkably forgiving palate , and that if he made it through the entire month of October eating no food other than sausage pizza ( with optional additional toppings ) , he stood to make a four - figure sum .
Well , October has come to an end and Scharoff can expect a check from his business partner , Ron Kaplan .
To anyone who followed the thread at LTH Forum about Scharoff 's quest , his success is no surprise .
The man made it clear by the middle of October that he was an unstoppable pizza - eating force .
He happily wolfed down pies regardless of their origin , seemingly getting as much pleasure from concession stand slices as he did from meticulously crafted high - quality pies .
Scharoff claims the challenge was easy .
When asked if there was ever a point that he thought he might not make it , he said " not even close " and that he could do another 30 days if not for all the pictures and documenting he had to do .
Both here and on the LTH thread , people questioned the effect of the challenge on Scharoff 's health .
Not only did he eat absolutely no vitamins or take any aids in the vein of Metamucil , but he never felt sick the entire month and , as of October 29 , he lost 6 pounds since the challenge began .
At 4:00 this morning , Scharoff ate some of his wife 's homemade wild rice soup .
That was to be followed by a wide array of foods while tailgating before this afternoon 's Bears game .
Tonight , this great man , this pizza - eating machine , this hero to us all ... tonight , he plans to eat pizza .
[ Update , 11/2/09 at 1:20 pm ]
It turns out that Scharoff had a lot of leftovers from his tailgate , so he did not return to pizza last night .
Too bad for him as it turns out the human digestive system can get used to eating nothing but pizza and does not react well to a return to a varied diet .
Finally , Scharoff had a change of heart and instead of demanding the $ 2,000 payment from Kaplan , the pair decided to donate the money to the Northern Illinois Food Bank .
Kudos to them both !
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Bubbly Busy Philipps Takes An Odyssey Into “ Cougar Town ”
She brought her bubbly , funny personality to Dawson ’s Creek , ER and Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles .
Now Busy Philipps is eliciting laughter as Courteney Cox ’s gal pal and assistant Laurie Keller on ABC ’s new comedy Cougar Town .
Cox plays divorced mother and real estate broker Jules Cobb , who is trying to get back into the dating world .
Philipps is the younger , party hearty friend helping her get her groove back .
Ultimately the two get into all sorts of mischief along the way .
This scenario is a major turn for Philipps , who is enjoying co-starring on a brand new series after years of playing solid supporting roles .
At the New York Television Festival opening night party , Busy gave ADD the scoop on her new show ( which debuts tonight at 9:30 PM Eastern ) , channeling her younger , crazier self and her love for Tori Amos .
What do you think of Courteney ’s opening sequence where she ’s examining the flab on her body ?
It ’s incredibly brave , is n’t it ?
It ’s something I personally … I had a baby a year ago , and I would not do that right now .
I would not allow someone to film me as I pull at my skin and stretch marks and flab , but Courteney ’s bold .
She really believes in the show .
She knew it was going to be funny and trusts Bill [ Lawrence , director / writer ] , and it is funny .
It ’s a great moment , and you feel like you ’re immediately on board with her when she shows that vulnerability .
Hollywood has finally been getting comfortable with showing the lives of women over 40 .
How do you think your characters will offer perspective on women around that age ?
I think it ’s an interesting time in a woman ’s life .
Jules is on the precipice of having an empty nest .
Her son is 17 years old and about to go to college .
She ’s newly divorced , so for the first time in her life she ’s found herself without anyone to take care of , and I think it ’s relatable .
Lots of women go through that .
A lot of my friends ’ parents got divorced right when their kids went to college , around when they were 18 , so the mom is not only not married anymore but she does n’t have the kids to take care of .
So what you do ?
Jules looks to my character Laurie to help her navigate the party scene and the bar scene and what ’s appropriate for a woman her age .
She does n’t want people laughing at her and is very concerned about that .
And I get her into trouble .
What real - life people have inspired your character ?
Sort of myself a few years ago .
I ’m a calm , married mom now , but a few years ago I was wild and hit the bars hard with my friends , looking for guys to meet and that whole business .
So I ’m calling on a younger , ditzier me .
That ’s what I ’m trying to channel , but with bigger boobs because I did n’t have these boobs five years ago .
They ’re not fake , they ’re from a baby .
[ laughs ]
Just FYI .
Can you hint at any of the plotlines coming up after the pilot ?
I think that the show evolves in a really nice way .
It ’s not just about Courteney ’s character going out and trying to get laid .
It evolves into a relationship story about her navigating her friendships .
Her best friend / next - door neighbor Ellie , played by Christa Miller , wants things to be one way for them , and her younger assistant , played by me , wants to go out and have fun and party and live it up .
Her ex-husband is pulling her in one direction , and her son is pulling her in another direction , so it becomes more about Jules ’ juggling act and trying to live her new , single life .
It ’s not just an endless stream of hot , young guys coming through the show .
[ laughs ]
I hear you ’re a Tori Amos fan .
I ’m a huge Tori Amos fans .
What do you think of her new album , Abnormally Attracted To Sin ?
I really like it .
I have n’t listened to it enough yet .
With her music I always need to process it .
I need to listen to it until I have it memorized , and then I can figure out how I feel about it .
Kanian Champion ( League )
Gibberling Brawler ( League )
Xadaganian Vanquisher ( Empire )
Orc Brute ( Empire )
Kanian Ranger ( League )
Gibberling Trickster ( League )
Xadaganian Stalker ( Empire )
Orc Head Marauder ( Empire )
Kanian Cleric ( League )
Elf Priest ( League )
Xadaganian Inquisitor ( Empire )
Arisen Heretic ( Empire )
Kanian Crusader ( League )
Gibberling Templar ( League )
Xadaganian Avenger ( Empire )
Orc Reaver ( Empire )
Kanian Druid ( League )
Gibberling Animist ( League )
Orc Shaman ( Empire )
Kanian Magician ( League )
Elf Archmage ( League )
Arisen Sorcerer ( Empire )
Elf Demonologist ( League )
Xadaganian Defiler ( Empire )
Arisen Savant ( Empire )
Gibberling Seer ( League )
Xadaganian Mentalist ( Empire )
Arisen Occultist ( Empire )
Bigger version
Bigger version
Bigger version
Depth of Combat
won game of the year in Russia .
Now it 's gotten a translation and localization touch for English speakers .
The game if free - to - play with a cash shop planned for launch .
It entered closed beta for the US on Nov. 10 .
I got my beta key e arrive by email a few weeks ago because I signed up long ago on the GPotato website .
My PC ( somewhat middle of the road ) : Pentium Core Duo 2.93 GhzWindows 7 32bit4GB 1066MHz RAMGeForce 8600 GT 256MB video card1TB 7200 RPM
Segate HDDuses Peer - 2 - Peer program Pando Media Blaster to download the 2.2GB installation file .
You must uninstall the Peer - 2 - Peer software manually when you are done with your download if you do not wish to retain it .
After installation and all patches , uses 2.21 GB on my machine .
Pick from League or Empire factions .
Can only play one side on a server .
Only one beta server for US at the time of this writing .
I spent a good two minutes looking at the character creation page thinking it was a loading splash page .
You see a portrait of the two factions fighting with representatives from each race and class .
You click on one of the combatants to enter the character creation page , where you can tweak the races and classes .
League races are Gibberling ( furry little creatures that come in a three pack , as in you are three things at once ) , Elf , and a race of humans known as Kanian .
Empire races include Orcs , Arisen ( undead ) , and a brand of humans called Xadaganian .
Some races get different versions of the same archetype .
Warrior ClassesScout ClassesHealer ClassesPaladin ClassesWarden Classes ( pet casters I think ) Mage ClassesSummoner Classes Psionicist ClassesI picked Arisen Sorcerer over on the Empire side .
As my character loaded I heard someone speaking over an intercom about a battle that was going on .
I saw the type of door you see on submarines ( with the wheel to seal it ) and deduced I was on some type of ship .
And with an loud speaker , it was clear the world has some level of technology beyond what we see in most fantasy games .
After two quick quests to equip a weapon and drink a temporary battle buff , our room was breached by some League invaders .
I helped a group of NPCs ( 4 or 5 of them balanced among Empire races and class archetypes ) fend off the intruders by talking out the League squad leader .
Then I was sent with my NPC group to get control of the adjacent room .
Among the wounded , I found one scientist who knew the attack was no random act of violence between the warring factions .
The ship I was was carrying some top secret military project of great importance , though the scientist would not say what .
He had me take an activation key from a safe to go see the 1st commander .
On my way to the engineering ( it might have been the bridge , but I think I saw an engine when I got there ) , I passed the gunnery .
I saw NPC members of the Empire firing old fashioned - looking cannons that emitted lasers at an airship off of the starboard bow .
The gunmaster was barking orders , the intercom was blaring about the position of the League ship , and just then a massive cannon burst from our adversaries blasted the cannon and gunner furthest from my door .
The shrapnel also took out the NPC manning the middle cannon .
The gunmaster stopped me in my tracks and told me I was n't going anywhere near the bridge until I manned the empty cannon , so I fired a few salvos until the enemy ship 's weapons were disabled .
Finally I made it to the 1st Commander , but his room was in dire straits .
Some League troopers had erected a force field around what looked like a warp core engine at first glance .
Several of my Empire brethren ( NPCs ) were caught within and getting slaughtered .
The 1st Commander was shouting something about the League bastards trying to steal the device .
He handed me a disrupted and ordered me to fire at the force field .
After firing the device for a while , the force field collapsed , but it was already too late .
A League commander had stolen the device and all of our crew inside the bubble were dead .
The 1st Commander decided it was time to tell me the truth .
The device we 'd just let get away was some kind of teleporter .
Our scientists were working on ways to teleport individual soldiers in and out of enemy locations .
The ramifications for the war were huge ( shades of ) .
The 1st Commander ordered me up to the deck to retrieve our technology .
He gave me a disruptor to stop the enemy commander 's force field .
I opened the door to the deck and noticed something massive and sky blue to my right -- but we were fighting during dusk .
As I mouse looked over and up ( up , up , up ! ) , my jaw dropped .
A massive ( and I mean MASSIVE ) level 40 demon was looking at our ship from the starboard bow .
I stood gaping stupidly for a few seconds while I heard thuds and cracks and snapped to attention to see some League invaders were wailing on me .
I dispatched them as quickly as possible , but I failed to get a screenshot in the rush of the battle ( sorry ) .
It seems like another NPC on the deck explained that the enemy commander had escaped .
He told me to use the activator key I had recovered earlier .
He said it would have enough energy to teleport me to the League ship .
If I recovered the device , I 'd be able to come back .
When I arrived on the enemy ship , I saw their commander facing off against the giant demon , The deck was crawling with League henchmen , but the demon summoned a cluster of spawn to dispatch them .
Even so , the demon spawn turned on me the moment the felled one of the League foes .
When the deck was cleared of all but the commander , I braced myself for what would surely be a big battle .
He had a smaller , personal version of the bubble around himself , which the demon was blasting with an energy bolt .
Try as I might , I could not attack the commander or get past the energy shield .
Then I remembered the disruptor !
One shot blasted his defenses and the energy bolt from the demon decimated him instantly .
I had recovered the teleporter prototype , but I was fearful of what the demon might -- and then I was somewhere else .
The teleporter had taken me out !
I had teleported to the sewers beneath a major Imperial city .
I was the 69th person to attempt to use a teleporter , but I was the first to arrive fully intact both physically and mentally .
I was a war hero and a walking scientific breakthrough .
Project Salvation was now 100 % operational .
The scientists just needed to be able to recreate all of the factors that led to my successful teleportation .
I 'll stop there .
I did quite a bit more in my first 3 hours , but I think you get the idea .
Allods has solid graphics .
It is a bit reminiscent of WoW in its bright palette and UI .
But the technology aspect I think goes beyond WoW .
I mean , I leaned that Arisen have some sort of cybernetics built into their limbs from one NPC .
Here are some pics I took and a link to a larger size .
I am running the game in 1280 x 1024 , but I resized to 800 x 640 for Photobucket and half that for these forums .
Fight with elemental in one sector of town : Me fighting with a City Crow , a menial task tied into lore in a handy way : What happens when an Arisen uses the / sleep command ?
This !
As I am only level 5 , I can not be expected to ... well , okay .
By level 5 , my Sorcerer had 4 spells , the first three of which came automatically . -
Cast 1.5 seconds , range 40 .
Basic DD fire spell .
Animation is my character using conjuring motions to gather fire into his palms and then clapping his hands to " squirt " out an arrow of fire . ( not exact ) - Cast 3 seconds , range 40 .
A high mana cost , low damage spell that completely encases the mob in ice and reduces movement speed to a crawl .
Effect lasts 5 seconds , and shard of ice crack off of the mob with each tick .
Using a fire spell on a mob under this effect has a chance to cancel it entirely .
Animation is a constant stream of snow coming out of my palm and sticking to the mob to turn to ice . ( not exact ) - Cast instant , range 2 .
This is a basic thunder spell that does about half the damage of Flame Arrow .
I think it has a chance to stun or interrupt the mob .
Animation is my character slamming his palm down on an enemy with energy crackling all around . ( not exact ) - Cast 3 seconds (? ) , range 25 ( 40 ? ) .
This spell takes a while to get off but was worth the talent points I spent on it .
This is the basic root spell , and it lasts up to 20 seconds .
Breaks instantly on damage .
Animation is conjuring gestures for almost all of the cast time and then a snow drift falling from the sky to bury the mob .
Very clear visual for group situations .
I saw pet classes with skeletons to fight for them .
I saw some casters using poison bolts .
One caster showed me a spell where he summoned a bat that flew over to attack his opponent .
I have brutish Orcs slamming the ground to set off a cascade of sparks and lithe humans using some technique that slices with multiple blades .
Spell animations look terrific .
Besides being pretty , combat inis deep .
It took me a while to catch on , but casting spells builds up entropy for my Sorcerer .
Each time I cast a fire spell , I get one Fire Force point built up for 12 seconds .
If I cast a second fire spell before the timer winds down , my counter goes up to two and the timer resets at 12 .
now , if I cast an ice spell , it removes one counter from the Fire Force but adds one counter of Ice Force .
Lightning removes Ice . Fire removes Lightning .
What happens if I build up too much entropy ?
Well , I can get a counter to 5 with no effect .
After a counter reaches 5 , casting a spell of the same element produces a random effect .
I might be healed or damaged .
I might get mana back or get mana drained .
I might get faster recast on spells from that element , or all spells of that element could be unavailable for 12 seconds .
the mechanic adds quite a bit of strategy to battles .
" I am at 5 Fire .
Do I reduce the counter with Ice or do I throw Fire again and try to get a free heal ?
" Meanwhile , XP builds very slowly from kills .
A level 4 mob gave me 26 of ~ 8000 XP needed to reach level 6 .
Quests seem to be the source for XP even early on .
Still , there is a weird XP mechanic tied to battles .
You build XP and Fatigue .
Visit a Goblin Innkeeper to rest , and you can convert your Fatigue to XP .
I converted 3 dots of Fatigue into 900 XP at the beginning of level 5 .
So you CAN grind for XP if you visit a Goblin Inkeeper .
But beware ; if you build up too much Fatigue , you cannot cash in for that level .
You have to level up first and reset the counter .
Or so the NPC tells me .
Finally , level ups are rewarded with attribute points and talent points .
The attributes are plentiful ( 12 - 14 different ones ) , but the key ones for your class have a star by them .
My Sorcerer benefits from Intelligence to deal more damage , Luck to get critical hits , and Wisdom (? ) to get mana .
Mana has not been an issue yet for me , so I have been pumping a stat that reduces the chance a mob will resist my spells .
Two other attributes reduce my chance of taking a crit or raise hit points .
Lots of stat choices .
1 point per level to spend so far , but I may be getting class bonuses at level up , too .
I used one talent point early on to upgrade Flame Arrow .
I used my next 3 at level 5 to buy Icy Death .
As you can see , it can take more than one point to unlock or advance a skill .
“ Important aspects of the DOD basic research programs are ‘ broken ’ , ” according to an assessment performed by the JASON defense science advisory panel earlier this year , and “ throwing more money at the problems will not fix them . ”
But that rather significant conclusion was deliberately suppressed by Pentagon officials who withheld it from public disclosure when a copy of the JASON report was requested under the Freedom of Information Act.
Instead , it was made public this week by Congress in the conference report on the FY 2010 defense authorization act , which quoted excerpts from the May 2009 JASON report , “ Science and Technology for National Security . ”
“ Basic research funding is not exploited to seed inventions and discoveries that can shape the future , ” the JASONs also determined , as quoted in the congressional report ( in discussion of the act ’s section 213 ) .
Instead , “ investments tend to be technological expenditures at the margin . ”
Furthermore , “ the portfolio balance of DOD basic research is generally not critically reviewed by independent , technically knowledgeable individuals , ” and “ civilian career paths in the DOD research labs and program management are not competitive to other opportunities in attracting outstanding young scientists and retaining the best people . ”
These dismal findings , and the large bulk of the unclassified 60 page JASON report , were withheld under the Freedom of Information Act by the Office of Director of Defense Research and Engineering .
They constitute “ subjective evaluations , opinions and recommendations which are currently being evaluated as to their impact on the planning and decision - making process , ” according to the August 31 , 2009 FOIA denial letter ( pdf ) .
The few paragraphs of the study that were released ( pdf ) nevertheless including some interesting observations .
Citing a 2008 report in Science magazine , for example , the JASONs noted that “ Peking and Tsinghua Universities have now overtaken Berkeley and Michigan as the largest undergraduate alma maters of PhD recipients in the U.S. ”
The DoD research laboratories should be abolished , the late Gen. William Odom suggested some years ago .
“ Few of them have invented anything of note in several decades , and many of the things they are striving to develop are already available in the commercial sector , ” he wrote .
“ Sadly , these laboratories not only waste money on their own activities ; they also resist the purchase of available technologies from the commercial sector .
Because they are generally so far behind the leading edges in some areas , they cause more than duplication ; they also induce retardation and sustain obsolescence , ” Odom wrote ( “ America ’s Military Revolution , ” American University Press , 1993 , p. 159 ) .
But Don J. DeYoung of the National Defense University argued that the decline of the military laboratories should be reversed , not accepted .
“ The loss of in - house scientific and engineering expertise impairs good governance , poses risks to national security , and sustains what President Dwight Eisenhower called ‘ a disastrous rise of misplaced power ’ . ”
See “ Breaking the Yardstick : The Dangers of Market - Based Governance ” ( pdf ) , Joint Forces Quarterly , 4th Quarter , 2009 .
Richard Dawkins , best known as the author of “ The Selfish Gene ” ( 1976 ) and “ The God Delusion ” ( 2006 ) , is at the Atheist Alliance International Convention in Burbank to discuss his new book , “ The Greatest Show on Earth : The Evidence for Evolution ” ( Free Press : 470 pp. , $ 30 ) , but he ca n’t get from one banquet hall to the next without someone asking to take a picture with him .
Modest and professorial , Dawkins is mobbed , celebrity - style , no matter which audience he tells there is no God .
As for Mother Nature , he adds , she does n’t care either -- natural selection is not a good - natured process , but one that favors mutant efforts to get ahead .
The evidence for evolution , he concludes , is irrefutable ; all living things evolved from a common ancestor , so grow up and stop whining .
There is no master plan .
We ( our genes , that is ) are on our own .
No wonder the creationists want to kill the messenger .
Dawkins has been accused of aggression , militancy , arch - adaptationism and even -- do n’t say it -- reductionism .
His critics hurl themselves against him in article after debate after full - length book , peppering him with questions :
What about the gaps in the fossil record ?
How about the possibility of an intelligent designer ?
Would you believe the Earth is only 10,000 years old ?
Forty percent of Americans , according to polls taken by Gallup at regular intervals since 1982 , “ deny that humans evolved from other animals and think that we -- and by implication all life -- were created by God within the last 10,000 years . ”
Such figures vary around the globe .
A full 85 % of Iceland ’s population believes we developed from earlier species , but only 27 % share that view in Turkey , an Islamic country .
In Britain , Dawkins ’ home turf , 13 % of the population actively denies evolution .
Dawkins has come to know such people intimately since “ The God Delusion ” became a cause célèbre .
( The book has sold 2 million copies in 31 countries . )
Prior to its publication , he assumed the fact of evolution , believing most readers were on board .
In “ The Greatest Show on Earth , ” he ’s more proactive , laying out the issue of evolution and natural selection with subheads like : “ WHAT IS A THEORY ?
WHAT IS A FACT ? ”
He writes of “ softening up ” his readers , as if kneading dough .
By mid-book , however , Dawkins is his old scientist self , delighted by his subject , tossing off phrases such as : “ What happened next is almost too wonderful to bear . ”
This is the upside of popular science writing .
It ’s why Carl Sagan , Stephen Jay Gould and Stephen Hawking left their labs to write .
They trade in awe , the desire to restore to science the sense of sublime wonder that drew them to it in the first place .
They share a contagious belief in the beauty of the universe .
Readers eat it up .
“ You ca n’t imagine how gratifying it is to have a reader come up to you and say , ‘ You changed my life , ’ ” Dawkins says , surrounded by clattering dishes in a Burbank cafe , after leaving the atheist convention to find a little peace .
He has a bit of a lost , blinking demeanor , balanced by his precision of language and insistence on clarity .
Asking him what he does for fun is certain to bring on a kind of befuddlement .
“ Ah yes , the recreation question , ” he says .
Dawkins was born in Nairobi in 1941 and left for England when he was 9 .
His father , an agricultural civil servant , inherited a dairy farm that had been in the family since 1723 : Jersey cows , some pigs , some “ arable . ”
Though he’s not the sentimental type , Dawkins admits to “ an English nostalgia for village life , including church .
I never go , find it excruciatingly boring , but still , I have some nostalgia for evensong on a summer evening . ”
He had his first doubts about God the same year he left Africa , and he fell for Darwin in his mid-teens .
“ Who would n’t be drawn to such a powerful explanation ? ” he asks .
“ A good theory explains a lot but postulates little .
Natural selection explains everything about us ; our brains , bodies , eyes , and yet what it postulates is childishly simple .
And no one got it until the mid-19th century ! ”
After studying zoology and animal behavior at Balliol College , Oxford , Dawkins taught zoology at Berkeley before returning to Oxford as professor for the public understanding of science , a fellowship endowed by Hungarian software billionaire Charles Simonyi .
He only recently left this post to write , lecture and run the Richard Dawkins Foundation for Reason and Science , an organization dedicated to rationalist , humanist research and science education .
Dawkins is very keen to establish that his new book is not “ The God Delusion . ”
He wants , as much as possible , to distance it from conversations about God .
“ I have a strong feeling that the subject of evolution is beautiful without the excuse of creationists needing to be bashed , ” he says .
He has a history of releasing his ideas into the world and letting others carry them .
In this way , his books are his laboratories .
“ The Selfish Gene , ” in which he developed the idea of “ memes ” ( cultural genes ; units of cultural evolution ) , has spawned countless books and courses and even social movements -- conversations , he says , “ that I have n’t participated in but cast a fond eye upon . ”
Each book has been a response to some fallacy , an effort to dispel a common misconception .
“ The Selfish Gene ” was meant to unravel the notion of group selection ; “ The Blind Watchmaker ” to respond to the idea that natural selection is random ; and “ The God Delusion ” to expose the dangers of insistence on God .
Dawkins searches for the simplest , most powerful explanations .
In his own intellectual evolution , he has peeled off , one by one , from his mentors to arrive at a lonely , beautiful place -- the non-beneficent universe .
“ Life seems so incredibly complicated , ” he says .
From such a perch , what are the possibilities for the future ?
“ Biological evolution is a slow process , ” he says , “ much slower than cultural evolution .
The vast majority of species go extinct , but we are a remarkable species .
Given our advances in technology , we have good reason to think we might survive extinction .
It ’s possible that in 10 million years our descendants will still be here . ”
Dawkins is less sanguine about the fate of science .
Despite exciting new discoveries , a dearth of students are going into scientific fields .
And for all the crowds who come to see him and other science writers , there does n’t seem to be a lot of private money going to independent research .
“ They flock to hear us , ” he says of the wealthy young entrepreneurs who are often in his audience .
“ We draw better crowds than bestselling novelists . ”
And yet , children around the world are not getting the science education that would inspire them to careers in science -- the sense of awe , the “ vastness of space and time . ”
To counteract this , Dawkins ’ next book will be for 12 - year - olds , an expansion on a letter about the importance of critical thinking that he wrote to his daughter , Juliet , now a medical student , when she was 10 .
In it , he describes the dangers of “ tradition , ” “ authority ” and “ revelation ” as reasons for believing anything .
“ Dear Juliet , ” this new book begins .
“ Now that you are ten , I want to write to you about something that is important to me .
Have you ever wondered how we know the things that we know ?
How do we know , for instance , that the stars , which look like tiny pinpricks in the sky , are really huge balls of fire like the sun and are really far away ?
And how do we know that Earth is a smaller ball whirling round one of those stars , the sun ?
The answer to these questions is ‘ evidence . ’ ”
Salter Reynolds is a Times staff writer .
susan.reynolds@latimes.com
This is hard ball being played here .
President Obama was so incensed by the insurance companies , 24th hour bogus report on any change in health care insurance reform will bring increased premiums , that the President warned this industry that removal of the anti-trust exemption should happen .
Well , movement is happening that it DOES HAPPEN .
A House committee has voted to strip the health insurance industry of its exemption from federal antitrust laws as senators announced plans to take the same step .
The moves Wednesday signaled a growing determination by Democrats to punish the insurance industry for its criticism of President Barack Obama 's health care overhaul agenda .
The House Judiciary Committee voted 20 to 9 to repeal a 1940s law that exempted the health insurance industry from federal controls over certain antitrust violations including price - fixing .
Lawmakers said they wanted to include the legislation in a larger health care overhaul bill taking shape in the House .
In the Senate , Majority Leader Harry Reid announced plans to repeal the antitrust exemption as part of its health care legislation .
Good to see Leader Reid making the an integral part of the health care overhaul .
About damn time .
I 've seen a lot of people play The Computer Performance Shell Game poorly .
They overinvest in a fancy CPU , while pairing it with limited memory , a plain jane hard drive , or a generic video card .
For most users , that fire - breathing quad - core CPU is sitting around twiddling its virtual thumbs most of the time .
Computer performance is typically limited by the slowest part in your system .
You 'd get better overall performance by building a balanced system and removing bottlenecks .
One of those key bottlenecks -- and in my experience , the one typical users are most likely to underestimate -- is the hard drive .
I 've been a long time advocate of having a small , fast 10,000 RPM boot drive for your OS and key applications , and a larger , slower secondary drive for storage .
The two drive approach is a smart strategy , regardless of your budget .
Hard drives may not be particularly sexy bits of hardware , but we 're on the verge of a major transition point in storage hardware -- from physical , magnetic platters to solid state memory .
I was an early solid state ( SSD ) drive adopter with my last laptop purchase , and it was a profound disappointment .
Those first and second generation SSD drives turned out to be slower than their magentic equivalents , despite the eager promises of vendors .
On top of that , they were incredibly expensive , and of limited capacity .
Running Windows Vista on an early 32 gigabyte SSD was an exercise in pain and frustration on so many levels .
What 's not to love ?
A lot .
I eventually sold that SSD and replaced it with a traditional hard drive .
I had grown deeply disillusioned with SSD drives .
That is , until I read Linus Torvalds ' report on the Intel X - 25 SSD :
I can't recall the last time that a new tech toy I got made such a dramatic difference in performance and just plain usability of a machine of mine .
The whole thing just rocks .
Everything performs well .
You can put that disk in a machine , and suddenly you almost do n't even need to care whether things were in your page cache or not .
Firefox starts up pretty much as snappily in the cold - cache case as it does hot - cache .
You can do package installation and big untars , and you do n't even notice it , because your desktop does n't get laggy or anything .
So here 's the deal : right now , do n't buy any other SSD than the Intel ones , because as far as I can tell , all the other ones are pretty much inferior to the much cheaper traditional disks , unless you never do any writes at all ( and turn off ' atime ' , for that matter ) .
At that moment , SSD drives came of age .
And by that I mean , they began to justify their hefty price premium at last .
But that was almost a year ago , and even the Intel drives -- as great as they were -- had some teething problems .
Not to mention that price and capacity were still ongoing concerns .
But when Intel introduced the second generation , mainstream X25 - M drives , that 's when I knew SSDs were poised to go mainstream .
Now , those drives are still anything but cheap , at $ 289 for 80 GB and $ 609 for 160 GB .
But they offer more performance than the original X25 - E that Linus reviewed , at about half the price , with hardware fixes to address the fragmentation issue that plagued the original model .
Intel was the only game in town for about a year , but fortunately for us consumers , the competition finally caught up .
The new Indilinx controller models , such as this Crucial 128 GB SSD , are just as fast as the X25 - M .
And , best of all , they 're cheaper , while also offering a not - insubstantial bump to 128 GB of storage !
I picked this model up for $ 325 plus tax and shipping .
And , frankly , I was blown away by the performance difference compared to the 300 GB Velociraptor I had in my system before .
That drive is not exactly chopped liver ; it 's incredibly fast by magnetic platter drive standards .
But it 's beyond slow next to the latest SSDs .
See for yourself :
This is just an excerpt , browse the reviews for more detail , but I was astonished how often this drive ( based on the Indilinx Barefoot controller ) topped the charts .
Suffice it to say , the performance increase is not subtle .
All those little pauses while your system pulls some chunk of data off the hard drive ?
They simply cease to exist .
How much do I like this drive ?
I like it so very much I bought one for every member of the Stack Overflow team , as a small gesture of thanks for enduring new feature crunch mode .
I could n't sell my old Velociraptor on eBay fast enough .
In my humble opinion , $ 200 - $ 300 for a SSD is easily the most cost effective performance increase you can buy for a computer of anything remotely resembling recent vintage .
Whether you prefer the 80 GB X25 - M SSD or the 128 GB Crucial SSD , it 's money well invested for people like us who are obsessive about how their computer performs .
Trust me , you will feel the performance difference of a modern SSD in day to day computing .
That 's far more than I can say for most of today 's CPU and memory upgrades .
The transition from magnetic storage to solid state storage is nothing less than a breakthrough .
It 's already transformative ; I can only imagine how fast , cheap , and large these drives are going to be in a few years .
So , if you 've ever wondered what performance would be like if everything was in RAM all the time -- well , we just got one giant step closer to that .
Disney +’s ‘ Ms. Marvel ’ Finds Star in Iman Vellani
The newcomer is joining the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
Craigslist , the virtual bulletin board that creates hours of entertainment for readers , has posted this little gem in its Best of Cincinnati Craigslist category : Lesbianism in Cincinnati .
This list has the 31 criteria for being a lesbian in Cincinnati .
Granted , most of them can be generalized to other cities , but the accuracy of it is what really makes it funny .
The highlights :
“ 3 . If you are reading this , I probably know you .
You are either my ex , my ex’s ex , a friend ’s ex , an ex’s friend or someone I met off of here and eventually quit talking to ( or who quit talking to me after they started dating my ex , or my friend , or my friend ’s ex , or my ex’s ex … ) ”
“ 11 .
You claim to not like butch girls , but you only date butch girls . ”
“ 18 .
Everyone knows that Cincinnati lesbians have it out for the bi girls .
You ’ve probably also assumed that the mystery author of this post is a shallow , narcissistic , bi girl .
Nope .
I ’m just a lesbian with a sense of humor . ”
“ 21 .
If you are butch , you claim not to be butch .
You probably say something to the extent of ‘ I do n’t like subscribing to any labels .
I ’m just me . ’
I ’m sorry honey , but you ’re butch .
Get over it .
You get all of the hot girls anyway . ”
“ 28 .
There are only two genres of music : hip hop or Ani . ”
“ 31 .
There is a very real chance that your name is Amy , Amber , April , Jessica , Sara(h ) or Nikki . ”
But the mystery still remains : What Cincy lezzie wrote it ?
Though users of older Intel - based Macs were led to believe they would have to spend $ 169 to migrate from Tiger to Snow Leopard , new reports state the $ 29 upgrade disc will work just fine .
In his review of Snow Leopard , Walt Mossberg of The Wall Street Journal , Mossberg reveals that those who have been hesitant to upgrade their Mac will be able to take advantage of Snow Leopard 's bargain price , without the need to install the intermediate Leopard operating system first .
" For owners of Intel - based Macs who are still using the older Tiger version of the Mac OS , Apple is officially making Snow Leopard available only in a " boxed set " that includes other software and costs $ 169 , " Mossberg said .
" The reasoning is that these folks never paid the $ 129 back in 2007 to upgrade to Leopard .
But hereâs a tip : Apple concedes that the $ 29 Snow Leopard upgrade will work properly on these Tiger - equipped Macs , so you can save the extra $ 140 . "
Wired also confirmed that they were able to upgrade a system directly from Tiger to Snow Leopard .
In addition , it is possible to completely erase a hard drive and install Snow Leopard without a pre-existing operating system in place , enabling users to bypass the possible headaches of an upgrade and go with a clean install instead .
Wired said many users upgrading from Tiger should probably consider backing up their files from Tiger and doing a clean install instead .
" Of course , the transition isnât guaranteed to be as smooth as it would be from Leopard to Snow Leopard , " the report said of the Tiger to Snow Leopard upgrade , " and thatâs because some older , Tiger - only third - party applications need to be upgraded to newer versions that work with Leopard or Snow Leopard . "
A last - ditch appeal to prevent a computer hacker from being extradited to the United States has been dismissed by the Home Secretary .
Gary McKinnon and his family were told yesterday that Alan Johnson is to allow the extradition to go ahead after refusing to block it on medical grounds .
Mr McKinnon , who has Asperger 's syndrome , is accused by the US authorities of breaking into military and Nasa computers .
He has admitted hacking but maintains he was looking only for evidence of UFOs .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
He was told in a letter from the Home Secretary that the extradition would now " proceed forthwith " after finding that there was " nothing incompatible " between extradition and Mr McKinnon 's human rights .
The family said last night that Mr McKinnon , who could be sentenced to up to 60 years in prison in the US , was " at risk of suicide " after being told there will be no 11th hour reprieve .
His mother , Janis Sharp , was " extremely worried " about her son's mental state and said the Government and Mr Johnson should " hang their heads in shame " for caving in to American pressure .
She said : " This is a cruel and miserable decision .
To force a peaceful , vulnerable , misguided UFO fanatic like Gary thousands of miles away from his much - needed support network is barbaric .
If the severity of Gary 's medical condition is n't sufficient to prevent his extradition , I can't imagine what is . "
She added : " This government is terrified of speaking up to America , and now they are allowing vulnerable people to be pursued for non-violent crime when they should be going after terrorists .
Why are they doing this ? "
Karen
Todner , the hacker 's solicitor , said there was still hope .
" It 's a devastating blow but we are not going to give up .
We are going to issue judicial review proceedings .
We normally have three months to do this but have now been given seven days to issue . "
In July Mr McKinnon went to the High Court in an attempt to get the extradition order overturned but was told being sent for trial in the US was " a lawful and proportionate response " to his actions .
A month ago he was refused permission to take his case to the Supreme Court when judges decided he had " no real prospect " of success .
The case has highlighted concerns about the Extradition Act 2003 which critics maintain erodes the rights of individuals in Britain without a similar concession being given in the US .
They argue that Britons can be extradited without any assessment of the evidence against them and on cases so weak that they would never reach court at home .
The US authorities only have to produce an arrest warrant to show that the person is wanted .
In contrast , if British prosecutors want to extradite someone from the US they have to demonstrate likely guilt .
The Home Secretary has been given assurances by the US authorities that Mr McKinnon 's medical needs will be met .
Mr Johnson said he had considered carefully the case but rejected it .
" I am clear that the information is not materially different from that placed before the High Court earlier this year and does not demonstrate that sending Mr McKinnon to the United States would breach his human rights , " he said .
" It is also clear from the proceedings to date that Mr McKinnon will not , if convicted , serve any of his sentence in a supermax prison .
Finally , should Mr McKinnon be extradited , charged and convicted in the US and seek repatriation to the UK to serve a custodial sentence , the Government will of course progress his application at the very earliest opportunity . "
Chris Huhne , the Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman , described the extradition treaty as unfair and Mr Johnson 's decision as " shameful " .
Mr McKinnon is said by the US authorities to have been responsible for " the biggest military hack of all time " .
He is said to have caused $ 700,000 worth of damage and forced the US Army 's entire network to be shut down for 24 hours .
Description : I do n't think any sane straight guy would not have a glance .
What was kind of surprising was all the girls looking !
Views : 170474 Date : October 27 , 2009 Favorited : 12
Three weeks ago , when the Nobel committee awarded its literature prize to Romanian writer Herta Muller , it lauded her courageous and unflinching fictional portraits of “ daily life in a stagnated dictatorship ” in communist Romania .
What they did not mention , however , was Muller ’s ongoing nonfictional critique of the leadership of post - communist Romania .
Only days after she won the Nobel , Muller , who now lives in Germany , blasted her homeland for not having broken more completely with its communist past .
In a stunning series of confrontations in December 1989 , the dictator Nicolae Ceausescu was overthrown and executed .
Twenty years later , Muller said , as many as 40 % of the people in power in contemporary Romania are veterans of the Securitate , the dreaded communist - era secret police .
Two years ago , she published a scathing essay in a Frankfurt newspaper accusing the country she fled in 1987 of “ collective amnesia . ”
“ In Romania , ” she wrote , “ they ’re pretending that [ the past ] disappeared into thin air . ”
This amnesia , she said , allows the “ old mentality ” to function in “ new methods . ”
Advertisement
Last week , as a guest of the Romanian government , I visited Bucharest for the first time since 1998 , and I could n’t help but think of Muller ’s critique .
I saw how much things had changed in the decade since I had last been there .
A higher quality of living for the lucky few , significantly worse traffic congestion and a seemingly exponential rise in the number of people who speak proficient English .
Eleven years ago , the country ’s aspirations were symbolized by its drive to join the European Union and NATO , a dream that stemmed as much from Romanians ’ dogged insistence on being Latin and Western ( as opposed to Slavic and Eastern ) as it did from their desire to elevate their standard of living .
Both of those goals have since been fulfilled , and I was curious to assess the state of Romania ’s famous fatalism -- a trait blamed not just on 40 years of totalitarian rule but on centuries of foreign domination .
“ It ’s even worse than it was before , ” leading writer and talk - show host Stelian Tanase told me .
“ After the fall of communism , people wanted to talk and scream .
Now we ’ve lost the courage to assert ourselves in public life . ”
Advertisement
Ioana Paverman , a 24 - year - old political science graduate student , agrees .
She says too many of her classmates want out of Romania ; they are n’t trying to make it better .
Her guess is that seven out of 10 of her undergraduate classmates have left the country .
She insists it ’s as much a vote against the culture as it is about economic opportunities .
Like Muller , she thinks what ’s missing is a reckoning with history , confronting the legacies of Ceausescu .
“ You ca n’t build a future if you do n’t have a past , ” she told me at a cafe near Bucharest ’s University Square .
“ We ’re practically doing what the communists did -- erasing what went before . ”
Where Paverman sees the cream of her generation voting with its feet , others see too many not exercising their rights at all .
Focus groups conducted by the Center for Independent Journalism in Bucharest found that when asked to name the source of their rights , most young people said “ the government . ”
What that means , says the center ’s executive director , Ioana Avadani , is that those born after the end of communism are still growing up in a paternalistic culture in which “ schools do n’t prepare them to live in a free society . ”
Similarly , a June survey by Romania ’s National Institute of Opinion Surveys and Marketing found that 66 % of respondents discuss politics only once a week or less .
Not surprisingly then , Romania experienced the single most drastic drop in voter turnout of any comparable post - communist Eastern European nation -- from a high of 86 % in 1990 to 39 % last year .
Asked to explain it , two - thirds of the survey respondents blamed the “ low quality of Romania ’s political elite , ” who they believe are the same cast of characters from the past .
Advertisement
Such polls lead back to Muller ’s point .
Neglecting to confront the terrible communist past , reconfiguring the old power structure rather than starting anew , not only breeds cynicism but leaves the electorate unsure of the exact nature of their responsibilities as citizens of a democracy .
But does it mean that Romania is hopeless ?
For a visitor , it is a positive sign that the body politic is being tested and probed .
That intellectuals and students are raising their voices in concern .
That a quarrelsome , newly named Nobel Prize winner is giving Romania ’s political deficits a high profile .
But I was also struck by how little the 1989 “ revolution ” and even European integration had changed what ails Romanian culture most .
There ’s a proverb in Romania that has been passed down from generation to generation and is used to counsel those in conflict .
“ When your head is bent , ” it goes , “ the sword wo n’t cut your neck . ”
Advertisement
Twenty years after their brutal revolution , some Romanians are still fighting that fatalistic impulse .
It remains to be seen if the rest of their countrymen will ever lift their heads .
--
grodriguez@latimescolumnists.com
Published on 2 November 2009 17:57 , Adelina Marini , Sofia
Bulgaria will have to secure 300 mn euro from the budget when the realisation of the Nabucco gas pipeline starts with which the EU hopes to diversify its gas suppliers .
The amount is 16.5 % of the share Bulgaria has in the Nabucco consortium and the total amount for the project is 8 bn euro .
The Bulgarian minister of the economy , energy and tourism Traycho Traykov also announced that our country will ratify the intergovernmental agreement and has never thought of giving up its share .
He said this after his meeting with Joschka Fischer , a political consultant of RWE and OMV for the Nabucco project .
Mr. Fischer was a minister for foreign affairs and vice chancellor in the government of Gerhard Shroeder .
He was also a leader of the German Green party .
Gerhard Shroeder also got a job after he lost the 2005 elections to Angela Merkel as a consultant in the project company for Nord Stream .
Joschka Fischer is in Bulgaria as part of his tour in the countries , participating in the project for the Nabucco pipeline with the aim to secure that the project will become a priority one for all participating governments .
But still the ratification process has not been competed .
But , according to Joschka Fischer 2010 will be an important year for the beginning of the realisation of the project .
Asked by euinside whether Nabucco is still facing the problem with the gas supplies , Mr. Fischer explained that filling of the pipe will not be a problem because it can take gas from Azerbaijan , Turkmenistan and Northern Iraq .
50 % of the pipe is designated for the participating countries and the rest - for whoever wants it .
But he admitted that still there are unsolved issues in the bilateral relations of Turkey ( through which the Nabucco will pass ) - between Turkey and Azerbaijan and between Ankara and Armenia .
To the question of euinside whether the security problems in Iraq might be a threat to the Nabucco plans to use northern Iraqi natural gas , the former first German diplomat responded that no one can say how will the events develop in Iraq bu he assured that the Northern part of the country is stable and it is where the 2 biggest natural gas deposits in the region lay .
For this reason Mr. Fischer denounced the participation of Iran as a potential supplier , adding that Iran does not have gas , the country even is an importer .
And regarding the question whether he considers South Stream as a competitive project to Nabucco , Joschka Fischer said that in at some point it might appear that both projects will be equally important .
But the fact is , he underlined , that Europe has in January found out that it urgently needs diversification of suppliers .
Beside his short statement that Bulgaria is still supporting the Nabucco project as well as how much money our country will have to pay for it , the Bulgarian energy minister was reluctant to answer more questions .
He even proved as a bad host because when journalists started asking about the price , where the money will come from and how can we have money for Nabucco and not for South Stream , minister Traykov suddenly thanked everyone and was on his way to leave the hall .
The he was stopped by his guest Joschka Fischer who requested more time for a final statement : " We are talking about 1 gas project that will supply the biggest gas market in the world .
This means that this project will pay back .
Many times . "
But this was supposed to be the remark of the Bulgarian minister and not of the consultant of RWE and OMV on Nabucco .
At least because 300 mn euro is 3 times the amount of money that was cut from next year 's budget of the National Helath Care Fund for hispitalisation .
And if the Bulgarian government really considers that this project a priority one , it needs to " sell " it to the taxpayers instead of avoiding the questions .
Suppose you ’d written a book .
And suppose , for some odd reason , that your middle name happened to be “ And ” .
Suppose , for example , that mother had named you “ Cary And Grant ” .
Then the software at Amazon.com , not unreasonably , would assume that you were two people , and would list the book ’s authors as ( 1 ) Cary and ( 2 ) Grant .
Now suppose , even more oddly , that your name contained a comma .
Not the word “ comma ” , but the actual punctuation mark .
Suppose , for example , that your mother had named you “ Cary , Grant ” .
Then Amazon ’s software , again not unreasonably , would assume that your name was being presented in the format “ Last , First ” and would reverse the order , listing the author as Grant Cary .
Now take this one step further and suppose your name contained both the word “ And ” and a comma .
Perhaps more than once .
Suppose , for example , that your name happened to be The Fresh , Chilled and Frozen Horse and Ass Meat Research Group .
Then , in accordance with its not unreasonable rules , Amazon ’s software would conclude that there are three separate authors , namely :
Chilled the Fresh
Frozen Horse
Ass Meat Research Group
Now suppose that eventually , someone at Amazon became aware of this error and hit some sort of a button to make the software re-parse the word “ And ” .
But suppose it did n’t quite work , first because the software re-parsed only the first “ And ” , and second because the re-parsing was even worse than the original .
You might get something like this :
As it happens , Ass Meat Research Group is the highly prolific co-author of 88 different entries in the Amazon catalog , with a variety of collaborators including not just Frozen Horse and Chilled the Fresh but the almost equally prolific Sheep the Edible Offals Of .
( At least there are 88 entries as of this writing , and will presumably continue to be unless this blog entry triggers a further correction , an outcome devoutly to be unwished . )
Every one of these 88 entries is priced at $ 325 and most are in the 20 to 30 page range .
Despite the high prices , they must be very popular , because several are listed as Temporarily Out of Stock .
This makes me want to join Facebook just so I can list “ Ass Meat Research Group ” among my favorite authors .
A tip of the hat to my friend Aaron Mandel , who somehow discovered this .
No , I do n’t know what he was searching for .
Edited to add : Apparently as a result of this blog post , Amazon has removed all records of these authors from its database .
See here for my lament .
MEXICO CITY : Three doctors and a nurse have been arrested for allegedly selling newborns after telling their mothers they had died .
Police uncovered the scheme after one of the women learnt her baby was alive and had been sold to a woman for 15,000 pesos ( $ 1240 ) , said Mexico City 's deputy attorney general , Luis Genaro .
The woman gave birth to a girl through caesarean section at the private Central West Hospital in a working - class district in October 2008 , Mr Genaro said .
She had told authorities she heard her baby cry but when she asked to see the child , doctors told her she had to wait until the effects of the anaesthetic wore off .
Later they told her the baby had been taken to another hospital .
A day later , the woman was told her baby died and had been cremated , Mr Genaro said .
The woman learnt the truth in an email from a man believed to be the son of the hospital director .
The United States economy , the world 's largest , unofficially emerged from recession in the third quarter of the year , growing at a better - than - expected annualised pace of 3.5 % .
The growth , spurred by rebounding consumer spending and investment in home - building , marked the first positive quarter since the second three months of last year .
Economists had expected a figure of around 3.3 % after a drop of 0.7 % in the second quarter .
The return to growth means the US was in recession for four consecutive quarters , a better performance than Britain , which remains in recession after six quarters in a row of contraction .
However , in the US recessions are officially declared by the National Bureau of Economic Research .
By its calculations , the US tipped into recession at the end of 2007 and it would probably require a lot more positive data before it declares the worst recession since the Great Depression of the 1930s to be over .
The US figure would translate to a quarter - on - quarter expansion rate of about 0.8 % .
Britain , by contrast , posted a 0.4 % fall in gross domestic product over the same three months .
World stockmarkets and oil prices gained sharply on the number while the euro pushed higher against the dollar although the greenback gained against the yen .
The breakdown of the figures showed that consumer spending , which accounts for over two - thirds of US economic activity , surged at a 3.4 % rate in the third quarter , the fastest since the first quarter of 2007 .
Rob Carnell , economist at ING Financial Markets in London , said the figures were boosted by spending on new cars in response to the US " cash for clunkers " programme .
But he warned that with the programme due to end soon and investment spending still very weak , the amount of spare capacity in the economy would weigh on investment for some time , as would weak profits and tighter access to credit .
" Suggestions that this figure marks the end of the recession in the US , although technically correct , ignore the relatively low quality of the growth registered in this release .
Such suggestions also ignore the likely soft fourth quarter that is now in the pipeline .
The US economy is not out of the woods yet . "
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Microsoft Corp co-founder Paul Allen has been diagnosed with non-Hodgkin ’s lymphoma and has begun treatment , a spokesman for his investment company said on Monday .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Employees of Vulcan Inc , which Allen formed in 1986 to manage his business dealings and philanthropic activity , were informed of Allen ’s illness in a company e-mail on Monday .
“ He ’s feeling pretty good , he ’s remaining very active at Vulcan and his other holdings and interests and he has no plans to cut back on any of that , ” said Vulcan spokesman David Postman .
Postman said Allen ’s diagnosis was recent and that treatment has already begun .
Allen , the 32nd richest person in the world according to Forbes magazine , co-founded Microsoft in 1975 with Bill Gates and resigned as an executive in 1983 .
He was diagnosed with Hodgkin ’s disease in 1983 but his cancer was successfully treated .
Non-Hodgkin ’s lymphoma is a type of cancer that originates in the lymphatic system , which is the body ’s disease - fighting network .
It is a far more common disease than the related but distinct Hodgkin’s .
In 2009 there were nearly 66,000 new cases of non-Hodgkin ’s lymphoma and 19,500 deaths , according to the National Cancer Institute .
Through Vulcan , Allen has been a high - profile investor in his home town of Seattle .
He owns the Seattle Seahawks American football team and is a minority owner of the Seattle Sounders soccer team .
He created the Experience Music Project pop museum in the city and is leading the development of a run-down area near Seattle ’s Lake Union into a center for biotech research .
Allen is also chairman of cable company Charter Communications Inc .
Therefore the Lord God sent him forth from the garden of Eden .
He drove out the man ; and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden Cherubim , and a flaming sword which turned every way , to keep the way of the tree of life .
The Conclave Bible
We hold life to be sacred , but we also know the foundation of life consists in a stream of codes not so different from the successive frames of a watchvid .
Why then can not we cut one code short here , and start another there ?
Is life so fragile that it can withstand no tampering ?
Does the sacred brook no improvement ?
Chairman Sheng - ji Yang
" Dynamics of Mind " Resources exist to be consumed .
And consumed they will be , if not by this generation then by some future .
By what right does this forgotten future seek to deny us our birthright ?
None I say !
Let us take what is ours , chew and eat our fill .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan
" The Ethics of Greed " The righteous need not cower before the drumbeat of human progress .
Though the song of yesterday fades into the challenge of tomorrow , God still watches and judges us .
Evil lurks in the datalinks as it lurked in the streets of yesteryear .
But it was never the streets that were evil .
Sister Miriam Godwinson
" The Blessed Struggle " Scientific theories are judged by the coherence they lend to our natural experience and the simplicity with which they do so .
The grand principle of the heavens balances on the razor 's edge of truth .
Commissioner Pravin Lal
" A History of Science "
If you can discover a better way of life than office - holding for your future rulers , a well - governed city becomes a possibility .
For only in such a state will those rule who are truly rich , not in gold , but in the wealth that makes happiness -- a good and wise life .
Plato
" The Republic " Once a man has changed the relationship between himself and his environment , he cannot return to the blissful ignorance he left .
Motion , of necessity , involves a change in perspective .
Commissioner Pravin Lal
" A Social History of Planet " Planet 's atmosphere , though a gasping death to humans and most animals , is paradise for Earth plants .
The high nitrate content of the soil and the rich yellow sunlight bring an abundant harvest wherever adjustments can be made for the unusual soil conditions .
Lady Deirdre Skye
" A Comparative Biology of Planet " Important ?
Yes !
Critical ?
Absolutely .
I would go so far as to say that Superconducting Fiber alone makes our present economy possible .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan
MorganLink 3DVision Live Interview
There are two kinds of scientific progress : the methodical experimentation and categorization which gradually extend the boundaries of knowledge , and the revolutionary leap of genius which redefines and transcends those boundaries .
Acknowledging our debt to the former , we yearn nonetheless for the latter .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov
" Address to the Faculty " You ivory tower intellectuals must not lose touch with the world of industrial growth and hard currency .
It is all very well and good to pursue these high - minded scientific theories , but research grants are expensive and you must justify your existence by providing not only knowledge , but concrete and profitable applications as well .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan
" The Ethics of Greed " Our ancestors harnessed the power of a sun , and so again shall we .
Commissioner Pravin Lal
" The Science of Our Fathers " Until quite recently , spider silk had the highest tensile strength of any substance known to man , and the name Silksteel pays homage to the arachnid for good reason .
Commissioner Pravin Lal
" U.N. Scientific Survey "
The substructure of the universe regresses infinitely towards smaller and smaller components .
Behind atoms we find electrons , and behind electrons quarks .
Each layer unraveled reveals new secrets , but also new mysteries .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov
" For I Have Tasted The Fruit "
At atrociously high energy states , the properties of matter change subtly and new miracles become possible .
The Plasma Accretion process is now dangerous and difficult to control , but its products will soon become commonplace in our society .
Sister Miriam Godwinson
" The Lord Works " As I stepped onto the Magtube , a thought struck me :
Can there be friction where there is no substance ?
And can substance be tricked into hiding from itself ?
Dr. Gayle Nambala
Morgan Industries Researcher
Our scientists now use fractal theory to " teach " the molecules to assume , or resume , a particular form .
Substances of amazing strength become simple once the formulae are properly computed .
Col. Corazon Santiago
" The Council of War " A brave little theory , and actually quite coherent for a system of five or seven dimensions -- if only we lived in one .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov
" Now We Are Alone " Man has killed man from the beginning of time , and each new frontier has brought new ways and new places to die .
Why should the future be different ?
Col. Corazon Santiago
" Planet : A Survivalist 's Guide " I maintain nonetheless that yin -yang dualism can be overcome .
With sufficient enlightenment we can give substance to any distinction : mind without body , north without south , pleasure without pain .
Remember , enlightenment is a function of willpower , not of physical strength .
Chairman Sheng - ji Yang
" Essays on Mind and Matter " Preliminary analysis indicates that our rivals have developed a safe and reliable method to simulate conditions existing on the interior of a stellar mass .
The fabrication and transmutation of materials possible in such an environment guarantees significant industrial and military applications .
Probe Team Operations Directorate
Top Secret Report Beware , you who seek first and final principles , for you are trampling the garden of an angry God and he awaits you just beyond the last theorem .
Sister Miriam Godwinson
" But for the Grace of God " This unusual specimen is not so much a classic particle as a connector -- a kind of string attaching two particles .
As distance increases the connective power becomes attenuated , but if it is cut the power vanishes : forever .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov
" For I Have Tasted The Fruit " Technological advance is an inherently iterative process .
One does not simply take sand from the beach and produce a Dataprobe .
We use crude tools to fashion better tools , and then our better tools to fashion more precise tools , and so on .
Each minor refinement is a step in the process , and all of the steps must be taken .
Chairman Sheng - ji Yang
" Looking God in the Eye " " What goes up . . . better doggone well stay up ! "
Morgan Gravitonics
Company Slogan
Until now the battle had been proceeding smoothly : the enemy was outflanked and had been driven from the reactor housing .
But against the reactor itself the matter cannon were strangely ineffective .
Rounds simply . . . stopped .
In mid-air .
Col. Corazon Santiago
" A Tactical History of Sparta " Heaven lasts long , and Earth abides
What is the secret of their durability ?
Is it because they do not live for themselves
That they endure so long ?
Lao Tzu
Yes , yes , we 've all heard the philosophers babble about " oneness " being " beautiful " and " holy " .
But let me tell you that {this} kind of oneness certainly is n't pretty and if you 're not careful it will scare the bejeezus out of you .
Anonymous Lab Technician
MorganLink 3DVision Live Interview
Some would ask , how could a perfect God create a universe filled with so much that is evil .
They have missed a greater conundrum : why would a perfect God create a universe at all ?
Sister Miriam Godwinson
" But for the Grace of God " Time travel in the classic sense has no place in rational theory , but temporal distortion does exist on the quantum level , and more importantly it can be controlled .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov
" For I Have Tasted The Fruit " Einstein would turn over in his grave .
Not only does God play dice , the dice are loaded .
Chairman Sheng - ji Yang
" Looking God in the Eye " Begin with a function of arbitrary complexity .
Feed it values , " sense data " .
Then , take your result , square it , and feed it back into your original function , adding a new set of sense data .
Continue to feed your results back into the original function ad infinitum .
What do you have ?
The fundamental principle of human consciousness .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov
" The Feedback Principle " Optical computers , genetic catalogs , nanorepair modules -- forget all of that .
It 's when you see a megaton of steel suspended over your head by a thread the thickness of a human hair that you really find God in technology .
Anonymous Metagenics Dockworker
MorganLink 3DVision Live Interview
If our society seems more nihilistic than that of previous eras , perhaps this is simply a sign of our maturity as a sentient species .
As our collective consciousness expands beyond a crucial point , we are at last ready to accept life 's fundamental truth : that life 's only purpose is life itself .
Chairman Sheng - ji Yang
" Looking God in the Eye " We are no longer particularly in the business of writing software to perform specific tasks .
We now teach the software how to learn , and in the primary bonding process it molds itself around the task to be performed .
The feedback loop never really ends , so a tenth year polysentience can be a priceless jewel or a psychotic wreck , but it is the primary bonding -- the childhood , if you will -- that has the most far - reaching repercussions .
Bad'l Ron , Wakener
Morgan Polysoft
Without sensibility no object would be given to us , without understanding no object would be thought .
Thoughts without content are empty , intuitions without concepts are blind .
Immanuel Kant
" Critique of Pure Reason " I swear sometimes they 're watching me .
Bozon Pete , Shift Foreman
Metagenics Biomachinery Division
A ship at sea is its own world .
To be the captain of a ship is to be the unquestioned ruler of that world and requires all of the leadership skills of a prince or minister .
Col. Corazon Santiago
" Leadership and the Sea " He held his arm too stiffly , and so was thrown back repeatedly , until at last I seized his forearm and snapped it back against itself .
His training suffered while the arm healed , of course , but I felt this was a lesson he must learn early , and well .
Spartan Kel
" Honing the Ki " Man 's unfailing capacity to believe what he prefers to be true rather than what the evidence shows to be likely and possible has always astounded me .
We long for a caring Universe which will save us from our childish mistakes , and in the face of mountains of evidence to the contrary we will pin all our hopes on the slimmest of doubts .
God has not been proven not to exist , therefore he must exist .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov
" For I Have Tasted The Fruit " Fossil fuels in the last century reached their extreme prices because of their inherent utility : they pack a great deal of potential energy into an extremely efficient package .
If we can but sidestep the 100 million year production process , we can corner this market once again .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan
Strategy Session Air Power rests at the apex of the first triad of victory , for it combines Mobility , Flexibility , and Initiative .
Spartan Battle Manual
Time dilates as the speed of light approaches .
To the extent that light consists of particles , it is in its own way timeless .
Through simple perturbations of the temporal manifold , we can refract or repel photons most efficiently .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov
" Now We Are Alone " The Warrior 's bland acronym , MMI , obscures the true horror of this monstrosity .
Its inventors promise a new era of genius , but meanwhile unscrupulous power brokers use its forcible installation to violate the sanctity of unwilling human minds .
They are creating their own private army of demons .
Commissioner Pravin Lal
" Report on Human Rights " Objects once measured in meters have become so small that they cannot be seen by the naked eye , with revolutionary applications across the board .
Gentlemen , forget what your courtesans have told you : size does matter !
CEO Nwabudike Morgan
Morgan Industries Annual Report
Therefore a wise prince will seek means by which his subjects will always and in every possible condition of things have need of his government , and then they will always be faithful to him .
Niccolo Machiavelli
" The Prince " Some vices miss what is right because they are deficient , others because they are excessive , in feelings or in actions , while virtue finds and chooses the mean .
Aristotle
" Nichomachean Ethics "
Our first challenge is to create an entire economic infrastructure , from top to bottom , out of whole cloth .
No gradual evolution from previous economic systems is possible , because there IS no previous economic system .
Each interdependent piece must be materialized simultaneously and in perfect working order ; otherwise the system will crash out before it ever gets off the ground .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan
" The Centauri Monopoly "
In the borehole pressure mines 100 km beneath Planetsurface , at the Mohorovicic Discontinuity where crust gives way to mantle , temperatures often reach levels well in excess of 1000 degrees Celsius .
Exploitation of Planet 's resources under such brutal conditions has required quantum advances in robotic and teleoperational technology .
Morgan Industries , Ltd .
" Annual Report " The Isle of the Deep is really not a single creature but a colony of thousands of individual tubules , an aquatic vector of the Mind Worm which terrorizes Planet 's continents .
Over its lifetime certain tubules secrete a tough , gluelike substance which hardens to form the characteristic shell that floats the colony and creates the appearance of a rogue island .
Lady Deirdre Skye
" A Comparative Biology of Planet "
There are only two ways in which we can account for a necessary agreement of experience with the concepts of its objects : either experience makes these concepts possible or these concepts make experience possible .
Immanuel Kant
" Critique of Pure Reason "
The genetic code does not , and cannot , specify the nature and position of every capillary in the body or every neuron in the brain .
What it {can} do is describe the underlying fractal pattern which creates them .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov
" Nonlinear Genetics "
Why do you insist that the human genetic code is " sacred " or " taboo " ?
It is a chemical process and nothing more .
For that matter - we- are chemical processes and nothing more .
If you deny yourself a useful tool simply because it reminds you uncomfortably of your mortality , you have uselessly and pointlessly crippled yourself .
Chairman Sheng - ji Yang
" Looking God in the Eye " I loved my chosen .
How then to face the day when she left me ?
So I took from her body a single cell , perhaps to love her again .
Commissioner Pravin Lal
" Time of Bereavement " I think , and my thoughts cross the barrier into the synapses of the machine , just as the good doctor intended .
But what I cannot shake , and what hints at things to come , is that thoughts cross back .
In my dreams , the sensibility of the machine invades the periphery of my consciousness : dark , rigid , cold , alien .
Evolution is at work here , but just what is evolving remains to be seen .
Commissioner Pravin Lal
" Man and Machine "
The wicked have told me of things that delight them , but not such things as your law has to tell .
Saint Augustine
" Confessions "
The happy life is thought to be one of excellence ; now an excellent life requires exertion , and does not consist in amusement .
If Eudaimonia , or happiness , is activity in accordance with excellence , it is reasonable that it should be in accordance with the highest excellence ; and this will be that of the best thing in us .
Aristotle
" Nichomachean Ethics " Man is a rope , tied between beast and overman - - a rope over an abyss .
A dangerous across , a dangerous on - the - way , a dangerous looking - back , a dangerous shuddering and stopping .
What is great in man is that he is a bridge and not an end : what can be loved in man is that he is an overture and a going under .
I love those who do not know how to live , for they are those who cross over .
Friedrich Nietzsche
" Thus Spoke Zarathustra "
And when he has brought forth and reared this perfect virtue , he shall be called the friend of god , and if ever it is given to man to put on immortality , it shall be given to him .
Plato
" The Symposium " The first living thing to go through the device was a small white rat .
I still have him , in fact .
As you can see , the damage was not so great as they say .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov
" See How They Run " Observe the Razorbeak as it tends so carefully to the fungal blooms ; just the right bit from the yellow , then a swatch from the pink .
Follow the Glow Mites as they gather and organize the fallen spores .
What higher order guides their work ?
Mark my words : someone or something is {managing} the ecology of this planet .
Lady Deirdre Skye
" Planet Dreams "
We sit together ,
the mountain and I ,
until only the mountain remains Li Po
From the Yang Collection
The prevalence of anoxic environments rich in organic material , combined with the presence of nitrated compounds has led to an astonishing variety of underground organisms which live in the absence of oxygen and " breathe " nitrate .
Likewise , the scarcity of carbon in the environment has forced plants to economize on its use .
Thus , all our efforts to return carbon to the biosphere will encourage the native life to proliferate .
Conversely , the huge quantities of nitrate in the soil will be heaven to human farmers .
Lady Deirdre Skye
" The Early Years " The Morgans fear what may not be purchased , for a trader cannot comprehend a thing that is priceless .
Sister Miriam Godwinson
" The Collected Sermons "
You are the children of a dead planet , earthdeirdre , and this death we do not comprehend .
We shall take you in , but may we ask this question -- will we too catch the planetdeath disease ?
Lady Deirdre Skye
" Conversations with Planet " The Mind Worms are the natural defenses of the living Planet -- the white blood cells , if you will .
In a world in which unassimilated thought represents danger , the Mind Worm seeks out concentrations of sentient mental energy and destroys them , ruthlessly and efficiently .
Commissioner Pravin Lal
" Mind Worm , Mind Worm "
You waited so long to heed us , earthdeirdre ,
Almost we pruned you , as we may yet prune your branches .
Lady Deirdre Skye
" Conversations with Planet "
And when the hourglass has run out , the hourglass of temporality , when the noise of secular life has grown silent and its restless or ineffectual activism has come to an end , when everything around you is still , as it is in eternity , then eternity asks you and every individual in these millions and millions about only one thing : whether you have lived in despair or not .
Soren Kierkegaard
" The Sickness Unto Death " And so we return again to the holy void .
Some say this is simply our destiny , but I would have you remember always that the void EXISTS , just as surely as you or I .
Is nothingness any less a miracle than substance ?
Sister Miriam Godwinson
" We Must Dissent " Companions the creator seeks , not corpses , not herds and believers .
Fellow creators the creator seeks -- those who write new values on new tablets .
Companions the creator seeks , and fellow harvesters ; for everything about him is ripe for the harvest .
Friedrich Nietzsche
" Thus Spoke Zarathustra " Organic Superlube ?
Oh , it 's great stuff , great stuff .
You really have to keep an eye on it , though - - it 'll try and slide away from you the first chance it gets .
T. M. Morgan - Reilly
Morgan Metagenics
Men in their arrogance claim to understand the nature of creation , and devise elaborate theories to describe its behavior .
But always they discover in the end that God was quite a bit more clever than they thought .
Sister Miriam Godwinson
" We Must Dissent " " Energy is the currency of the future . "
CEO Nwabudike Morgan
" The Centauri Monopoly " ' Abort , Retry , Fail ? ' was the phrase some wormdog scrawled next to the door of the Edit Universe project room .
And when the new dataspinners started working , fabricating their worlds on the huge organic comp systems , we 'd remind them : if you see this message , {always} choose ' Retry . '
Bad'l Ron , Wakener
Morgan Polysoft
We have reached an informational threshold which can only be crossed by harnessing the speed of light directly .
The quickest computations require the fastest possible particles moving along the shortest paths .
Since the capability now exists to take our information directly from photons travelling molecular distances , the final act of the information revolution will soon be upon us .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov
" For I Have Tasted The Fruit " Already we have turned all of our critical industries , all of our material resources , over to these . . . things . . . these lumps of silver and paste we call nanorobots .
And now we propose to teach them intelligence ?
What , pray tell , will we do when these little homunculi awaken one day and announce that they have no further need of us ?
Sister Miriam Godwinson
" We Must Dissent " Remember , genes are NOT blueprints .
This means you can't , for example , insert " the genes for an elephant 's trunk " into a giraffe and get a giraffe with a trunk .
There - are - no genes for trunks .
What you CAN do with genes is chemistry , since DNA codes for chemicals .
For instance , we can in theory splice the native plants ' talent for nitrogen fixation into a terran plant .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov
" Nonlinear Genetics "
The fungus has been Planet 's dominant lifeform since about the time of the Lower Paleozoic on Earth .
But when , once every hundred million years or so , the neural net at last achieves the critical mass necessary to become sentient , the final metamorphosis kills off most of the other life on the planet .
It is possible that we humans can help to break this tragic cycle .
Lady Deirdre Skye
" Planet Dreams " The Academician 's private residences shall remain off - limits to the Genetic Inspectors .
We possess no retroviral capability , we are not researching retroviral engineering , and we shall not allow this Council to violate faction privileges in the name of this ridiculous witch hunt ! "
Fedor Petrov
Vice Provost for University Affairs I have often been asked : if we have traveled between the stars , why can we not launch the simplest of orbital probes ?
These fools fail to understand the difficulty of finding the appropriate materials on this Planet , of developing adequate power supplies , and creating the infrastructure necessary to support such an effort .
In short , we have struggled under the limitations of a colonial society on a virgin planet .
Until now .
Col. Corazon Santiago
" Planet : A Survivalist 's Guide " Eternity lies ahead of us , and behind .
Have you drunk your fill ?
Lady Deirdre Skye
" Conversations with Planet " , Epilogue
To map the very stuff of life ; to look into the genetic mirror and watch a million generations march past .
That , friends , is both our curse and our proudest achievement .
For it is in reaching to our beginnings that we begin to learn who we truly are .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov
" Address to the Faculty " Information , the first principle of warfare , must form the foundation of all your efforts .
Know , of course , thine enemy .
But in knowing him do not forget above all to know thyself .
The commander who embraces this totality of battle shall win even with the inferior force .
Spartan Battle Manual
I shall not confront Planet as an enemy , but shall accept its mysteries as gifts to be cherished .
Nor shall I crudely seek to peel the layers away like the skin from an onion .
Instead I shall gather them together as the tree gathers the breeze .
The wind shall blow and I shall bend .
The sky shall open and I shall drink my fill .
Gaian Acolyte 's Prayer Human behavior is economic behavior .
The particulars may vary , but competition for limited resources remains a constant .
Need as well as greed have followed us to the stars , and the rewards of wealth still await those wise enough to recognize this deep thrumming of our common pulse .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan
" The Centauri Monopoly " Symbols are the key to telepathy .
The mind wraps its secrets in symbols ; when we discover the symbols that shape our enemy 's thought , we can penetrate the vault of his mind .
Lady Deirdre Skye
" Our Secret War " As the writhing , teeming mass of Mind Worms swarmed over the outer perimeter , we saw the defenders recoil in horror .
" Stay calm !
Use your flame guns ! " shouted the commander , but to no avail .
It is well known that the Mind Worm Boil uses psychic terror to paralyze its prey , and then carefully implants ravenous larvae in the brains of its still - conscious victims .
Even with the best weapons , only the most disciplined troops can resist this horrific attack .
Lady Deirdre Skye
" Our Secret War " What do I care for your suffering ?
Pain , even agony , is no more than information before the senses , data fed to the computer of the mind .
The lesson is simple : you have received the information , now act on it .
Take control of the input and you shall become master of the output .
Chairman Sheng - ji Yang
" Essays on Mind and Matter " As distances vanish and the people can flow freely from place to place , society will cross a psychological specific heat boundary and enter a new state .
No longer a solid or liquid , we have become as a vapor and will expand to fill all available space .
And like a gas , we shall not be easily contained .
Sister Miriam Godwinson
" But for the Grace of God " I believe Planet will talk to us if we are willing to listen .
These fungal stalks behave as multistate relays : taken together , the neural net connectivity must be staggering .
Can a planet be said to have achieved sentience ?
Lady Deirdre Skye
Arguments in Council Against such abominations , we organize our defenses on the principle that one strong and able mind can shield the many .
Spartan Battle Manual
It is altogether fitting that we who have sailed the deeps of space now return again to the sea .
This is in many ways a water planet , and it can be ruled from the waves .
With sea power , rugged terrain can be bypassed and enemy strongholds isolated .
Once naval superiority is achieved , Planet is ours for the taking .
Col. Corazon Santiago
" Planet : A Survivalist 's Guide "
As the Americans learned so painfully in Earth 's final century , free flow of information is the only safeguard against tyranny .
The once - chained people whose leaders at last lose their grip on information flow will soon burst with freedom and vitality , but the free nation gradually constricting its grip on public discourse has begun its rapid slide into despotism .
Beware of he who would deny you access to information , for in his heart he dreams himself your master .
Commissioner Pravin Lal
" U.N. Declaration of Rights " God does not play dice .
Albert Einstein Learn to overcome the crass demands of flesh and bone , for they warp the matrix through which we perceive the world .
Extend your awareness outward , beyond the self of body , to embrace the self of group and the self of humanity .
The goals of the group and the greater race are transcendent , and to embrace them is to achieve enlightenment .
Chairman Sheng - ji Yang
" Essays on Mind and Matter " I plan to live forever , of course , but barring that I 'd settle for a couple thousand years .
Even five hundred would be pretty nice .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan
MorganLink 3DVision Interview
If I determine the enemy 's disposition of forces while I have no perceptible form , I can concentrate my forces while the enemy is fragmented .
The pinnacle of military deployment approaches the formless : if it is formless , then even the deepest spy cannot discern it nor the wise make plans against it .
Sun Tzu
" The Art of War " We welcome you , earthdeirdre and earthwheat and earthtree as
honored guests , for you add great power to our ancient song --
planetfungus and planetworm and planetmind sing and play
here , and you are welcome among us .
Lady Deirdre Skye
" Conversations with Planet " A handsome young Cyborg named Ace ,
Wooed women at every base ,
But once ladies glanced at
His special enhancement
They vanished with nary a trace .
Barracks Graffiti
Sparta Command
The Earth is the cradle of the mind , but one cannot stay in the cradle forever .
Konstantin Tsiolkovsky
The Father of Rocketry Mary had a little lamb ,
Little lamb little lamb ,
Mary had a little lamb ,
whose fleece was white as snow .
Assassins ' Redoubt
Final Transmission
And the Lord said , " Behold , the people is one , and they have all one language ; and this they begin to do : and now nothing will be restrained from them , which they have imagined to do .
Go to , let us go down , and there confound their language , that they may not understand one another 's speech . "
The Conclave Bible
Of course we 'll bundle our MorganNet software with the new network nodes ; our customers expect no less of us .
We have never sought to become a monopoly .
Our products are simply so good that no one feels the need to compete with us .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan
Morgan Data Systems press release Industrial Grade Nano - Paste , Planet 's most valuable commodity , can also be one of its most dangerous .
Simply pour out several canisters , slide in a programming transponder , and step well away while the stuff cooks .
In under an hour the nano will use available materials to assemble a small factory , a hovertank , or enough impact rifles to equip a regiment .
Col. Corazon Santiago
" Planet : A Survivalist 's Guide "
We estimate that during the next mission century most of Planet 's industries will be moved off - planet to Nessus Prime and other orbital facilities .
Many of our industries will benefit greatly from the low gravity environments available in space , particularly those involving genetically engineered microbes .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan
" The Centauri Monopoly "
We shall take only the greatest minds , the finest soldiers , the most faithful servants .
We shall multiply them a thousandfold and release them to usher in a new era of glory .
Col. Corazon Santiago
" The Council of War " Will we next create false gods to rule over us ?
How proud we have become , and how blind .
Sister Miriam Godwinson
" We Must Dissent " And the Lord God said , " Behold , the man is become as one of us , to know good and evil : and now , lest he put forth his hand , and take also of the tree of life , and eat , and live forever , we must send him forth . "
Therefore the Lord God sent him forth from the garden of Eden , to till the ground from whence he was taken .
The Conclave Bible
In one moment , Earth ; in the next , Heaven .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov
" For I Have Tasted The Fruit " What actually transpires beneath the veil of an event horizon ?
Decent people should n't think too much about that .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov
" For I Have Tasted The Fruit " And what of the immortal soul in such transactions ?
Can this machine transmit and reattach it as well ?
Or is it lost forever , leaving a soulless body to wander the world in despair ?
Sister Miriam Godwinson
" We Must Dissent " From the delicate strands ,
between minds we weave our mesh :
a blanket to warm the soul .
Lady Deirdre Skye
" The Collected Poems " Imagine the entire contents of the planetary datalinks , the sum total of human knowledge , blasted into the Planetmind 's fragile neural network with the full power of every reactor on the planet .
Thousands of years of civilization compressed into a single searing burst of revelation .
That is our last - ditch attempt to win humanity a reprieve from extinction at the hands of an awakening alien god .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov
" Planet Speaks "
No longer mere earthbeings and planetbeings are we , but bright children of the stars !
And together we shall dance in and out of ten billion years , celebrating the gift of consciousness until the stars themselves grow cold and weary , and our thoughts turn again to the beginning .
Lady Deirdre Skye
" Conversations with Planet "
As we approached we were confronted by the ruined splendor of Sparta Command .
The true immensity of the place became instantly apparent as our Quantum Tank crunched over the rubble and parked next to a shattered bunker , but the extent of the destruction took weeks to assess .
The shielded datacore had sustained several massive breaches and smoke still billowed from the numerous cannon ports .
There were few signs of human life .
Lady Deirdre Skye
" Our Secret War " Proper care and education for our children remains a cornerstone of our entire colonization effort .
Children not only shape our future ; they determine in many ways our present .
Men and women work harder knowing their children are safe and close at hand .
And never forget that , with children present , parents will defend their home to the death .
Col. Corazon Santiago
" Planet : A Survivalist 's Guide "
It is every citizen 's final duty to go into the tanks and become one with all the people .
Chairman Sheng - ji Yang
" Ethics for Tomorrow " Having now established a secure perimeter , we have made ourselves relatively safe from enemy incursions .
But against the seemingly random attacks by Planet 's native life only our array of warning sensors can help us , for the Mind Worms infiltrate through every crevice and chew through anything softer than plasmasteel .
Lady Deirdre Skye
" The Early Years "
The klaxon began to wail , but we felt the reassuring tingle of the Tachyon Field crackling to life around us , encasing the entire base in its impenetrable glow .
Spartan Kel
" The Fall of Sparta " The entire character of a base and its inhabitants can be absorbed in a quick trip to the Rec Commons .
The sweaty arenas of Fort Legion , the glittering gambling halls of Morgan Bank , the sunny lovers ' trysts in Gaia 's High Garden , or the somber reading rooms of U.N. Headquarters .
Even the feeding bay at the Hive gives stark insight into the sleeping demons of Yang 's communal utopia .
Commissioner Pravin Lal
" A Social History of Planet " Life is merely an orderly decay of energy states , and survival requires the continual discovery of new energy to pump into the system .
He who controls the sources of energy controls the means of survival .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan
" The Centauri Monopoly " I do n't know but I 've been told ,
Deirdre 's got a Network Node .
Likes to press the on - off switch ,
Dig that crazy Gaian witch !
Spartan Barracks March Although Planet 's native life is based , like Earth 's , on right - handed DNA , and codes for all the same amino acids , the inevitable chemical and structural differences from a billion years of evolution in an alien environment render the native plant life highly poisonous to humans .
Juicy , ripe grenade fruits may look appealing , but a mouthful of organonitrates will certainly change your mind in a hurry .
Lady Deirdre Skye
" A Comparative Biology of Planet "
The popular stereotype of the researcher is that of a skeptic and a pessimist .
Nothing could be further from the truth !
Scientists must be optimists at heart , in order to block out the incessant chorus of those who say " It can not be done . "
Academician Prokhor Zakharov
University Commencement Richard Baxton piloted his Recon Rover into a fungal vortex and held off four waves of mind worms , saving an entire colony .
We immediately purchased his identity manifests and repackaged him into the Recon Rover Rick character with a multi-tiered media campaign : televids , touchbooks , holos , psi-tours -- the works .
People need heroes .
They do n't need to know how he died clawing his eyes out , screaming for mercy .
The real story would just hurt sales , and dampen the spirits of our customers .
" Mythology for Profit "
Morgan Stellartots Keynote Speech
That sunny dome !
Those caves of ice !
And all who heard should see them there ,
And all should cry , Beware !
Beware !
His flashing eyes , his floating hair !
Weave a circle round him thrice ,
And close your eyes with holy dread ,
For he on honey - dew hath fed ,
And drunk the milk of Paradise .
Samuel Taylor Coleridge
In the great commons at Gaia 's Landing we have a tall and particularly beautiful stand of white pine , planted at the time of the first colonies .
It represents our promise to the people , and to Planet itself , never to repeat the tragedy of Earth .
Lady Deirdre Skye
" Planet Dreams "
You see in this dome the intermingling of native and earth plants .
Outside , they are competitors , struggling over the trace elements required for life .
Often , one destroys the other .
Here , they are tended with care and kept well nourished .
They thrive together , and the native fungus does not unleash its terrible defenses .
As you can see , competition is unnecessary when resources are plentiful and population growth is controlled .
Lady Deirdre Skye
" Planet Dreams "
It will happen , and it will happen in our lifetimes .
Fusion Power is n't just the future .
Fusion Power is now .
T. M. Morgan - Reilly
Morgan Metagenics
Have you ever wondered why clouds behave in such familiar ways when each specimen is so unique ?
Or why the energy exchange market is so unpredictable ?
In the coming age we must develop and apply nonlinear mathematical models to real world phenomena .
We shall seek , and find , the hidden fractal keys which can unravel the chaos around us .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov
University Commencement
Some civilian workers got in among the research patients today and became so hysterical I felt compelled to have them nerve stapled .
The consequence , of course , will be another public relations nightmare , but I was severely shaken by the extent of their revulsion towards a project so vital to our survival .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan
The Personal Diaries
It is a medical commonplace that the tissues of the human body replace themselves regularly , essentially creating an entirely new body every seven years .
From whence then come cancer and the slow degeneration of age ?
They exist as faults in the patterns of intelligence within the genes themselves ; by reprogramming these smallest parts , the whole becomes well .
Academician Prokhor Zakharov
" Nonlinear Genetics " Captain said to big old John Henry ,
That old drill keeps a -coming around .
Take that steam drill out and start it on that job
Let it whop , let it whop that steel on down
Let it whop , let it whop that steel on down .
Traditional Look at any photograph or work of art .
If you could duplicate exactly the first tiny dot of color , and then the next and the next , you would end with a perfect copy of the whole , indistinguishable from the original in every way , including the so - called " moral value " of the art itself .
Nothing can transcend its smallest elements .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan
" The Ethics of Greed " And when at last it is time for the transition from megacorporation to planetary government , from entrepreneur to emperor , it is then that the true genius of our strategy shall become apparent , for energy is the lifeblood of this society and when the chips are down he who controls the energy supply controls Planet .
In former times the energy monopoly was called " The Power Company " ; we intend to give this name an entirely new meaning .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan
" The Centauri Monopoly "
My gift to industry is the genetically engineered worker , or Genejack .
Specially designed for labor , the Genejack 's muscles and nerves are ideal for his task , and the cerebral cortex has been atrophied so that he can desire nothing except to perform his duties .
Tyranny , you say ?
How can you tyrannize someone who cannot feel pain ?
Chairman Sheng - ji Yang
" Essays on Mind and Matter " It is not uncommon to see patients undergo permanent psychological trauma in the presence of the Sphere , before the nerve stapler has even been strapped into position .
Its effect on the general consciousness of the culture is profound : husbands have seen wives go inside , and mothers their children .
Dr. Xynan left the surface of the sphere semitranslucent for a reason .
You can hear them in there ; you can see them .
It is a thing of terrible beauty .
Baron Klim
" The Music of the Spheres " The chief aim of their constitution and government is that , whenever public needs permit , all citizens should be free , so far as possible , to withdraw their time and energy from the service of the body , and devote themselves to the freedom and culture of the mind .
For that , they think , is the real happiness of life .
Sir Thomas More
" Utopia " I sit in my cubicle , here on the motherworld .
When I die , they will put my body in a box and
dispose of it in the cold ground .
And in all the million ages to come , I will never
breathe or laugh or twitch again .
So wo n't you run and play with me here among the
teeming mass of humanity ?
The universe has spared us this moment .
Anonymous
When beholding the tranquil beauty and brilliancy of the ocean 's skin , one forgets the tiger heart that pants beneath it ; and would not willingly remember that this velvet paw but conceals a remorseless fang .
Herman Melville
" Moby Dick " Superior training and superior weaponry have , when taken together , a geometric effect on overall military strength .
Well - trained , well - equipped troops can stand up to many more times their lesser brethren than linear arithmetic would seem to indicate .
Spartan Battle Manual
The sea is everything .
It covers seven - tenths of the globe .
Its breath is pure and healthy .
It is an immense desert where a man is never alone , for he can feel life quivering all about him .
The sea is only a receptacle for all the prodigious , supernatural things that exist inside it ; it is only movement and love ; it is the living infinite .
Jules Verne
" 20,000 Leagues Under The Sea "
You are orphans , earthdeirdre , your homeworld already buried so young among the aeons .
Yet now you fill the skies where we watched a million sunsets with flame and contrails , paying no heed to the hard lessons the universe has tried to teach you .
Are you a breath of life to invigorate a complacent world , you earthhumans , or an insidious cancer which must be excised ?
Lady Deirdre Skye
" Conversations With Planet "
We are all aware that the senses can be deceived , the eyes fooled .
But how can we be sure our senses are not being deceived at any particular time , or even all the time ?
Might I just be a brain in a tank somewhere , tricked all my life into believing in the events of this world by some insane computer ?
And does my life gain or lose meaning based on my reaction to such solipsism ?
Project PYRRHO , Specimen 46 , Vat 7
Activity Recorded M.Y. 2302.22467
TERMINATION OF SPECIMEN ADVISED
In the years since our arrival , we have foolishly disrupted so many of Planet 's ecosystems that entire species may vanish without our ever having understood , or even known them .
We must halt this plunder , and halt it immediately , for our own survival as a species depends on our ability to strike a balance on this world .
Commissioner Pravin Lal
" Mind Worm , Mind Worm " Let the Gaians preach their silly religion , but one way or the other I shall see this compound burned , seared , and sterilized until every hiding place is found and until every last Mind Worm egg , every last slimy one , has been cooked to a smoking husk .
That species shall be exterminated , I tell you !
Exterminated !
Academician Prokhor Zakharov
Lab
Three aftermath
Go through , my children !
The time of miracles is upon us .
Let us cast off sin and walk together to the Garden of the Lord .
With God 's mercy we shall meet again on the other side .
Sister Miriam Godwinson
" Last Testament "
Sky farms are fantastically beautiful , with their kilometer long networks of glass framed in grids of metal , and the sunlight shining through jungles of vegetation inside .
When one of them catches the light , you can see the refracted beauty for miles ; they are life - giving stars on a desolate planet ... gardens on the wing .
Lady Deidre Skye
" Planet Dreams " Red - hot iron , white - hot iron , cold - black iron ; an iron taste , and iron smell , and a Babel of iron sounds .
Charles Dickens
Bleak House Planet 's Primary , Alpha Centauri A , blasts unimaginable quantities of energy into space each instant , and virtually every joule of it is wasted entirely .
Incomprehensible riches can be ours if we can but stretch our arms wide enough to dip from this eternal river of wealth .
CEO Nwabudike Morgan
" The Centauri Monopoly " God , from the mount of Sinai , whose gray top Shall tremble , he descending , will himself , In thunder , lightning , and loud trumpets ' sound , Ordain them laws .
John Milton
Paradise Lost I hold a scrap of paper in the darkness and light it .
I watch it burn bright and curl , disappearing into nothingness , and the heat burns my fingers .
Where has it gone ?
What has it become ?
I cannot shake the feeling that I have witnessed a form of transcendence .
Commissioner Pravin Lal
" The Convergence " The quotes have been taken from the game Sid Meier 's Alpha Centauri , by Firaxis .
Some of the authors and sources are fictional .
The Axis of Paradox
Eastern Europe Country Animal Fat Cons CHD Rate Albania 54.5 162 Armenia 26.2 464 Bulgaria 49.5 296 Croatia 36.8 323 Czech Republic 61.3 294 Estonia 56.4 522 Georgia 27.1 507 Hungary 95.7 356 Kazakstan 44.2 703 Krgyzstan 37.1 439 Latvia 61.2 568 Lithuania 58.9 424 Poland 71.2 272 Romania 47.9 336 Russia 47.9 771 Slovakia 66.7 397 Slovenia 67.5 165 Tajikistan 10.7 331 Ukraine 45.1 839 Uzbekistan 25.8 540 Average 49.5 435
Western Europe Country Animal Fat Cons CHD Rate Austria 95.3 177 Belgium 88.5 146 Denmark 108.9 174 Finland 89.3 267 France 108.1 83 Germany 82.6 178 Greece 56.2 175 Ireland 81.8 277 Italy 71.7 117 Netherlands 84.2 151 Norway 89.1 183 Portugal 78.8 103 Spain 64.1 120 Sweden 74 185 Switzerland 96.8 120 UK
79.7 215 Average 84.3 167
We are constantly being told to avoid " artery clogging " saturated fats , found in delicious foods like butter , eggs , cheese , pork and beef .
It 's for our health , they say .
That 's a problem for me , since I have a chest freezer full of beef and pork that I raised .
I had steak ( grassfed ) and eggs ( free range ) for breakfast .
But I 'm not worried .
Most of you reading this have probably heard of the " French Paradox " , which is the idea that it is paradoxical that the French eat a very high fat diet yet suffer from very low levels of heart disease ( CHD ) .
Jefferey Steingarten claims to have been the first one to have popularized this idea .
But the French paradox is only a paradox if you believe that eating saturated fat plays a role in causing heart disease .
I do n't .
After the French paradox became widely known , researchers rushed out to explain why the French were so different from the rest of the world .
Maybe they were protected from heart disease by the red wine they drank .
Maybe it was the fruits and vegetables that they ate .
And on and on .
Apparently no one ever actually bothered to check whether or not France was an outlier , a statistical anomaly .
Until now .
I looked , and it is n't .
In fact , in Europe , the countries that eat the most fat from butter , cheese , pork and other animal sources have the lowest rates of heart disease .
France is simply the most dramatic example of this .
See for yourself :
How did I create this magical chart ?
Through tricky statistical manipulations ?
No , I 'm not a statistician and I 'm too lazy for that anyways .
All I did was go to the British Heart Foundation 's international statistics page , then got the FAO food disapearance data to see how much animal fat the people of each European country eat on average each day .
I popped the two lists of numbers into Excel and got a scatter plot .
You can easily replicate my little experiment given an hour or two .
The axis of paradox is composed of all European countries , whose dietary habits and health profiles stand in direct opposition to the idea that heart disease is primarily caused by the high consumption of saturated fat .
On average , the people of Eastern Europe eat about 50 grams of fat from animal sources per day while the men suffer from 435 deaths from heart disease per 100,000 people per year .
Their Western European contemporaries enjoy eating about 84 grams of animal fat per day while only losing about 170 men per 100,000 to heart disease each year .
If you 'd like , you may bash my little study on the grounds that it 's unscientific , but that 's loser talk .
If eating saturated fat is the primary cause of heart disease , how is it possible that French men have one NINTH the rate of heart disease mortality of Russians despite eating 125 % more fat from animal sources ?
How is it possible that the people of Uzbekistan have four and a half times the rate of heart disease mortality of the Swiss despite eating only one fourth the amount of animal fats ?
Are the Swiss doctors 18 times better ?
I do n't think so .
How is it possible that Belgians have less than a fifth the heart disease mortality of the Ukrainians despite eating twice the fat from animal sources .
I could go on , but you can see the chart and the following table - the table lists country , daily consumption of animal fat per capita , then heart disease death rate per 100,000 people among males aged 35 - 74 .
And just for the record , the US daily consumption of animal fats was 71.6 grams per in 2002 , and American men died of heart attacks at a rate of 230 people per 100,000 in 1999 , the last years available for both statistics .
You may notice that our animal fat consumption is exactly the same as Italy's , where they eat a " low - fat Mediterranean diet " yet our heart attack death rate is almost exactly double theirs .
Whoopsie !
And if you 're wondering , they eat slightly more total fat than us too , 158 grams to 157 .
Discussion and ConclusionsEven if you still want to cling idea that eating saturated fat causes heart disease , you have to admit that in Europe the consumption of saturated fat is AT BEST a secondary cause of heart disease .
A more direct conclusion would be that saturated fat does n't cause heart disease there .
Keep in mind that although correlation does not imply causation , a lack of correlation casts serious doubts onto causation .
Eastern Europeans suffer from far less heart disease than Western Europeans despite eating far less saturated fat .
There is not a single country in Europe in the top quartile of both saturated fat consumption and heart disease rates nor is there a country in the lowest quartile of both .
Conversely , France , Belgium , The Netherlands and Switzerland are in the top quartile of saturated fat consumption but in the lowest quartile of heart disease deaths .
Armenia , Georgia , Kazakstan , Krgyzstan , Russia , The Ukraine and Uzbekistan are in the lowest quartile of fat consumption but the highest quartile of heart disease .
You may think that it 's unfair to compare heart disease rates between Eastern and Western Europe due to different socioeconomic factors in the two areas , but actually that is exactly the point .
For too long , heart disease has been considered a " disease of affluence " .
Google it , you 'll see .
The idea is that as we become more affluent we get lazy and fat .
We can afford more luxury items like steak and cheese .
Then we die of heart attacks .
This graph shows that that theory is exactly wrong , methinks .
Furthermore , although there is no trend amongst Western European countries , among Eastern European countries there is a clear trend that the ones that eat the least animal fat have the most heart attacks .
There is no French Paradox .
France follows the general European trend of wealthy countries eating more animal products and having less heart disease .
If there is a paradox here , all of the European countries stand together , united and unyielding in the " Axis of Paradox " .
